Love it
Can't download facebook videos. Fix this and get *****
This latest update freezes my FB app constantly! So frustrating
look at all the one star
Really wish that I could see my most recent photos on the top of my albums instead of having to scroll through a bunch just to see what I have posted recently
Put back the option to have the timeline in order!!!!!
Love it
I hate the new design for facebook. It looks awful n i hate it. There should be a setting for the news feed in the news feed tab for viewing the most recent or top stories in tht tab, not a option to view it in the settings tab. Plz make this better. The tabs r ok but i miss the three options at the top for friend requests, messages, n notifications. Things were so much easier n looked so much better when the app looked like tht.
Getting trouble to get in to for the pass few days what's up
Always forcing close
It seems like this app gets worse with every update. I'm starting to think that this app is becoming more about spying and less about social networking, being it that the "app permissions" are getting A LOT more intrusive, but the app itself is getting much worse.. get your act together fb... or I'll be deleting the app for good.
Problem was fixed.  App is working excellent.  The problem was in my internet provider.  Hughes net sucks!
The performance of the application is unstable. Even on the latest smart phones with heavy duty processors will experience crashes and various bugs. It's good the developers are eager to push updates every month, but make sure they're stable!
There is an error when I check notifications. But I still receive them. Just can't check them

This new update is just too much. Crashes everytime I try to use the app. Bring back the option to see MOST RECENT instead of just the top stories. Which are OLD! Ugh about to UNINSTALL.
Freezes constantly, not seeing new stories, have to post things 10 times before it finally post. Probably shouldn't do an update unless you are sure it works.
Freezes  and notifications wont update..
Cool
This apps is verry slow and mobile hang every time.. now i willl remove this appps
I love taking pictures
Time to switch to google plus
Di ko na makita ung iba picture na search ko sa chat. Pati ung feelings pag search di ko na makita sa status ko..
Cant like pictures!. =(
Facebook
Sometimes its slow
Its wack I want the old one back !
Di ko maupdate....
This app gives me past notifications
I can't upload Instagram videos.. Crashes. I have to uninstall app every time.
Seye
Cool app bit slow to download
Its The Best Way To Talk To Others:))
I love it
Its ok just slow
very good! excellent .
But i cant download vidoes,please improve this aplication guys im enjoying wathing video here instead of yutube.hope can download videos here.
Great
Face book
Make the app smaller..I would like 2 download this app but I can't because it can't fit on my sd card
Any chance of making this app smaller?
Videos do not work , please help me .
It's tiresome that i have to keep clicking to the most recent tab. It'd be better if it was set as the default and not the top stories.
This app Sucks
Cityislandboy
Tiap kali bkk fb memory fon msti pnuh..bosan..
Looking for someone just like me smile
Facebook itself needs to be fixed but the app itself is great.
Please return that feature...
Love
T t tr
The browser version is much more user friendly and cleaner.. just get messenger.. this is painful to use.
Hopeless again....have to like posts over and over again...it automatically gets unliked again.. :-(
The update RUINED my App. I have had an uploading going for a week! I have to go on the internet, then to Facebook.  Can't use my FB app at all. I even reported this over 8times to fb and no response. Horrible, I am uninstalling the app.....I can not take it anymore!
Too many error messages. Can't log in anymore n
software
Sublime
WTF? I don't want to view most popular statuses from 3 weeks ago! PUT THE MOST RECENT FEED BACK! Stop trying to reinvent the wheel!
After the update my Facebook app stopped working. I can't upload pictures, and it never refreshes.
B
Google +is much better
The update is awful
Much better
My news feed won't update even when I connect to wifi. It's really irritating. I might just use fb thru my phones internet. You guys aren't updating anything, you're just making us hate this app and fb more and more.
The updates kinda suck and u push most recent and it show u stuff from like 5 hours ago
It's good but sometimes it wont let me post, comment or like things. Also I have to install messenger to be able to go on my messages to send and recieve stuff. This is quite a big problem considering I don't want to install messenger and it takes up all the space on my phone. I shouldn't have to install other apps just to go on my messages. If you could solve or change this it would be great and I'd rate you up from three stars.
Like this
Great
Uses too much memory when updating
The last update wasn't too good, I found too many bugs at all,it's not bad
This app is great for me! It let's me do things I want, and need. The only problem is that sometimes you can't delete certain items off facebook on your mobile
Anonymous
Excellent
It takes to long to download
Love it so much get this app.
Ok

I love it with the new fixes it has!
Good app must download it
Facebook

Keeps you on touch with your friends.
Awesome
Khalid
Great
Worked.  Broke. Fixed.  Rinse and repeat every update.  Currently in the broke part of the cycle.
Yuk
Every time I open the app. About 3 minutes in it freezes.
Best way to communicate with friends nd relatives " thanks FB nd godbless more power "
Lovely
For the past week, Facebook has frozen and shut down on me about 3-4 times a day. Its really aggravating. I've tried to uninstall and reinstall, and I still have this problem. UPDATE: STILL having issues with this. Its ridiculous. Timeline errors, freezing, crashing, not wanting to load any of the pictures or videos, just the text. Your updates aren't helping. They're just making everything worse
The worst app I've ever had. Every update keeps getting worse and worse. It has force closed on me almost two dozen times today alone. It constantly lags and takes forever to load comments. I wish I could rate this in the negative stars.
I have a Galaxy S5- the connection is even worse with the upgrade.
Good to knowledge and experience .more info and fun surendra kumar
Great app thanks!
Superb
Not gonna update it until someone gives me a good explaination to why it needs full phone access with possible charges...
Love it
good
Sucks.
Good
It decides to display new stories when I am reading a post whenever the hell it wants not when I click on the new stories icon. Extremely annoying
It takes almost a minute every time I open it. And most recent should be the default feed not hidden away in a menu in the furthest tab to the right.
I am really tired of not seeing things in the order they were posted, it use to run that way so I dont understand why you messed it up. Somebody fix the problem its getting old!!!!!!!
Facebook is the best cause you can communicate with family and friends
Satisfactory enough for excessing facebook on the go...
After updating its not even functioning properly every time its saying facebook is not responding force close,wait n report please fix it before uptating it was working ok bt nw u have to try again n again
Great app more efficient
It's okay. But I can not get passed the fifth story on my news feed without it just closing on me...
Unfortunately
Awesome and great update
Where is the option of news feed with the most recent status??? I don't like this new fb cause the news feed is not work!!! I always be late to see my friends new status, It is always 2 hours or even yesterday after post.
Can't access my photos from status! Defaults to photo roll, whatever that is. Useless! Can't even add pictures to a group unless they're in photo roll! I'd give it zero if it were possible!
Jan
Pictures in my news feed won't load and my internet is fine, please sort it
SMART
I hate the newsfeed gives me top stories and I can't permanently set it to most recent. Especially since what facebook thinks are top stories!
Crashed Facebook can login tried old pass word notten doing I do not like crash style every mo. When I do not touch for two weeks at time so like my facebook back  if its not blocked or forget
This latest update sucks constant crashes and slow as a dead turtle and its constantly unable to update news feed and notifications
Brent
It seems like u update this app everyday! Really this is driving me nuts!!
Constantly crashes and freezes my phone.  Can we have the old app back please until it's fixed
Its ok to use and easy to use
Hey u!Doing a great job now.I think my advice(last year,remember) to make facebook more interactive has made it popular again.Best of luck.
Its the same thn i had
What has changed in the last few weeks? FB keeps freezing up then making my whole phone is freezing up when I'm not on FB. It asks if I want to close or wait. So I'm asking or what?
Nice
Of l
I Like It
its lame its always sumthan wrong wit it
Good
Wonderful its working too fast
It keeps forcing closed! Stupid update! Please fix it!
Ne mogu da ucitam novosti nego citsm novosti od prije 24 dana jebo vas dan glupi popravite to
Facebook upgrade
The newest update is ridiculous, I see post from hours ago, yesterday, etc but not recent. If I could give a negative star rating I would. FIX THIS!
It's not letting me view my profile. So now I give u 2stars
I don't have the most up to date android phone but facebook does well with this phone so far.
It is very nice........
Mayra
Very good
What is going on? The more updates, the shittier the app becomes. Wow....
Its Facebook
I have tried to update several times with no luck. Insufficient storage available pops up even after I deleted everything in my phone. Gonna try deleting and reloading next and if that doesn't work then I will be done with Facebook. As much as I loved the original version this just don't work.
I love my fb
Fantastic web.
If I make a comment on a post and people reply to my comment and another 100 people comment, I can't see/don't know who replied to my comment because everything is in one. I hope u guys plan to update it so that its like the computer version. And oh I would like to see how many friends I have, update that too.
-_-'
Zon
ok
Best text app 10/10
Its good because we all should love it
2014,you haven't got it right yet.Sad Human's.fix fix fix fix. (Now )not next year /Today human
Goood
A71101a
B420friendly
Who wouldn't love Facebook c:
It takes several seconds to start up, and constantly crashes. Even the facebook messenger app uses far more battery than any other app. Better to use the web version, or not at all.
Its All Good Doe!!
It always crashes. Sometimes it just suddenly close .
Love keeping in contact wirh everyone
This is a good aplication  bagus ajah
Loved  it
I LOVED IT
HTC M8
Considering how MASSIVE Facebook is the app is still slow and recently I have had to manually refresh to get new notifications which are hours old by the time I see them. come on Facebook!?!?
Too much unnecessary stuff was updated ?? Performance is way slower and frustrating .Cant see the amount of people online anymore ?? The updates are complete crap .. Facebook does a bad job reaching out to the community . If this doesn't change im take the rest of my 2 stars and start using the browser t-.-
Hacked
Soo goood
Very good
Always
please update the app because I keep getting an error message and can't upload my page
won't open keeps crashing
Terbaek
Great for meeting old friends and new people
Can't access my timeline review. Just updated and it's still an issue.
Nicc
I be on Facebook 247
My timeline review hasn't been working for a several days now. Please fix this.
Its o.k.
Facebook awesome!!!!
Use this everyday to keep contact with family and friends!
Loving it...
Love it
I like it but it takes to much space
But working
Facebook
Tab very slow
Cool
Loving for the true view of how people really are
Riko
Great
I'm a facebooger i pick facebook
Had full signal and full wifi connection but keeps losing connection and saying to tap to retry nothing happens, there has to be a fix, really slow
Love to surf using this app
Mrs nabijem vas na kurac, aj jednom posteno odradite ovu app
Thx everything is fixed
Worst ever !!!! Pics dont download.
Good
It stops working alot i was gvng u 5 but now it will be 3
Freaking love this
Ok
I'm on my way to a website that actually works
I like this aplication,is very fast
Amigos yfotos
A great app to see almost everything
Ok
Is not good having lags !!!!
New permissions are far to intrusive for my tastes.  You DO NOT! need to access my texts for ANY reason. I may deactivate my Facebook account all together. Still not fixed!
When I try to download Facebook it takes so long to download and sometimes the pictures don't pop up
Too
Works great on my s4 But have to keep reinstalling in my galaxy note 2014 edition. To notify each time my friends post something. If not for that would give it 5
Ruing kids life
Timeline is the biggest mistake in the history of social networks! Layout sux, space used sux, picture cut in half sux, and I still can't stand it saved every convo u have!! Fb I give u a 1 only cuz the stars don't go into negative numbers but just know ur really below 0! If anyone I new still used Myspace I'd wipe with ur app!!! Update as of 7/14 ur app sux even more. Now everyyime u play a video it freezes. New staff!!
Was
The app keeps having an error and closes. Makes my phone freeze up every time it happens.  This app since its be updated is crap.
My Facebook page
Used to barely function, now it works as advertised. I just wish they would stop showing "top stories" instead of recent as the default and showing me posts by people I don't know. Oh well.
Fb bagul
Forcing me to update by botching my service on purpose is obnoxious and cold...
Its amazing..
Connection lost tap to retry ......constantly. For a world wide  heavy traffic site this app is appalling. Who wrote it? Kindergarten kids could have done better. New update July 2014 is rubbish. Hangs the s4 nd I'm not interested in 24 hrs ago I want most recent to mean most recent. Pretty pathetic for a ww app
Ok
Good
Great way to catch up with long distance friends.
could be better!!
Troubled takes too long to load
Ok
Love this app......if i could only control the hackers
Ty
It works fine.
I love this I can text with my friends and family
Keeps saying loading but doesn't come up says network fail but browser works great app does nothing sometimes
Ever since updating this app I have had nothing but trouble, force close keeps jumping up on screen.  Unable to revert to previous version, uninstall!! Please fix
Best place to meet, greet and communicate. I has brought families and friends together.
Its fun
It will be really great if u stop showing friends suggestion on the timeline because this is annoying whenever I see it n it doesn't help me at all.
Good
I really love facebooking
Too much space, it actually used up to 56 mp, && i could always get the older version && download Messenger, but Messenger doesnt work -.-
Since update, newsfeed has been freezing and cannot click on anything in the app.
Slowed it down. Keep getting error loading news feed message. Screwed it up. Changed from 2 stars to 1. Awful update!!! Im gonna keep editing this til it gets fixed. Fb just froze. Had to restar phone. Getting worse. Pls fix!
Wasn't super fond of the new format and the Top Stories, but after having it a while is actually grown on me. I had held off updating my tablet to the new version but the old version is so clunky compared to the new that here I am updating it today!
Awasome
Love it
I love facebook keeps me intouch with distance and close friends
No access to groups, fail in my opinion. I'd rather use the html version than this app
like it
Thanks
Fuckerberger
I love facebook
Not bad.
Could b better but cool for now
cool so
Every time I scroll down my news feed it freezes on videos I don't even click on.
Drains battery
It was fastand good
It's straight
Have all the latest updates and I dont have auto play for videos. My boyfriend also has all the latest updates and has the option of auto video playing. Why? I have tried uninstalling and reinstalling with no luck. What the hell?
No dowloading my facebook please fix it
best scocial app I ever had
Ross
Is. The best thing of our life
Hard to believe this could get any worse, but well done it's even more pants than before. The pictures don't upload, I'm fed up having to reset to most recent every time I open it, and still way too much unnecessary app permissions. Get it sorted.
I have a ES file manager installed on my smartphone, and before these Facebook updates i downloaded videos from Facebook via ES an now i cant do it.
Love this app u can talk to your friends on it
Please i cannot play my vedio .fix it
Ok
Awesome
I don't know what is the problem with people..  This app works brilliantly :D
Really I hate this app.....never responds ....I would rather rate it a big ZERO .
Its updating slow and it takes up to much space
Boring
I love it 
#gR8 appppliccccattttionnnn
Easy app n very stylish app
very nice
Okay so the app is alright  but any time I click a video it says "page not found " also when I click on a notification it says "page not found" I am very dissapointed because when I had an iPhone it worked perfectly and now on a android it crashes  a lot
Sales Rep
now it quits responding before it even starts
Faster & better view
I love Facebook.
Doesn't need access to sms
Really love it
It worked perfectly until i had to uninstall and reinstall. .. it wont let me reinstall it says insufficient storage but i have 328 mb available
Its an amazing app and really handy too
I really like it!!
Because it is an efficient app to use but it is too slow especially with its new updateds i think there is too much data and the app is overloading maybe fix the speed then it would get a 5 star!!!
I like because i will connect my friends every time..
Kuwait
Not only do you stay in contact with friends & family but u read about news,fashion, movies, food,drinks, restaurants, Hollywood stars,etc. Love it!!!!
Good
The news feed sort is ridiculous
Totally flop version... It gives me again n again force close ...  What's wrong ???  Fix it .. m too much tired from this... Last version is better than this
Kewl
After the new update when am scrolling through news feed , it freezes and the whole app crashes ...
This is horrible but also cool.. It did not wanna log in and i had to delete and install again..it wastes my data
Most of the updates make it harder to use not better
Average at best
I can't upload my picture,status. Its annoying pls do something about it
used to have app on my phone..now it won't redownload
Slowest app. Always crashing. Unresponsive. Please fix this.
Ufy7crxm
Had to completely remove the app because it drained a FULL battery in 4 hours. Ridiculous! I will reinstall until this is fixed...
Good
Won't update to the latest version - Note 3
I uninstalled because I was no longer on Facebook but then I reactivated my account to say something to a friend now it won't let me install it ik you guys have the technology to make it work so if you want 5 stars you better make it work...seriously improve this app ppl like Facebook did I mention I can't have fb and messenger up at the same time
just like instagram
Thank.u
Great update works perfectly!!
I love that we have the ability to mute notifications on items we comment on,  but it doesn't work reliably.  We need to be able to move it to the sd card because the app is really large.  Also I'd like an easier way of accessing recent stories.  Not a fan of the top stories.
Very poor
Nu
Needs alot work it logs out automatically
Cul
Sixth Grade 3 composition notebooks Pencils (40-50) Headphones/ear buds (e) 2 glue sticks 1 12-pack of color QQpencils 1 2-pack of blue or black fine point dry Qerase markers 2 WWQQpkgs. 100-ct. loose leaf paper 1 4-pack of extra fine black gel pens 1 zippWWQWQWered binder 1 5 Sixth Grade 3 composition notebooks Pencils (40-50) Headphones/ear buds (inexpensive) 2 glue sticks 1 12-pack of color pencils 1 2-pack of blue or black fine point dry erase markers 2 pkgs. 100-ct. loose leaf paper 1 4-pack of folders
Gud app for using fb
Crashes my s3 and when it doesn't crash its soooool slow.... Uninstalled and now won't re install
I love fb
No comment
Still no option to default to most recent.  Apparently, whoever is responsible can't read.  Multiple comments expressing the same problem and nothing changes. Useless app. Again.
It doesn't immediately tell me when I get a notification like wtf?! -.-
its good
##Like it##
I love Facebook its a wonderful app I love it
Face book is always updating it's app to make things easier
For the most part, I'm 100% satisfied. Other than it keeps doing a force close after it freezes.
Great system. No more lost love ones
Need improve
Times
Reading post randomly is annoying!
i love latest app tanxx
Good
My phone kept forcing every app closed because my FB app doesn't want too log me in. I've re booted and reset my phone. Still FB app doesn't want too work. Trying too download it again and see what happens
Excellent
....and leaving pictures in the comment section of stats got nixed in the process??
I like it
J
;)
Haida Bee suka taww.
Like it
What happened to this app? It was working fine but the last couple of days it keeps freezing, crashing, not loading or signs me out so I have to keep signing in..........PLEASE FIX THIS! Then I can give it 5 stars :)
Nice
love u murit
Love
Good
Nice bruh
This is the easiest thing to get in touch with old friends
Glad 2 use this app
Fb app for galaxy
Oh! What a useful and cheap means of communications Big up
Much better then before but still won't update and show me my friends statuses...... why?!
Best app to close friends each other's
Must download app
Love it
Great!
M
It's a good app.
Good
I can't watch videos that people post
I am hopelessly addicted to this,app
why my facebook hasnt update ?
Will not load on phone.
Its amazing!!!
I want to see what I choose, not what you choose for me. Seeing statuses that are two days old in my feed rather than real time is ridiculous. Also, the pages and friends I care to see daily NEVER are in my news feed no matter what I do! So annoyed! Go back to the way it was a year ago! I'm about over fb!
Niceeee
ADD REPLY COMMENT PLS!!!!!!!
I love
The theme becomes lame after awhile
Facebook for Android gets worse and worse with every update.  When it's not on a loading screen it's force closing or throwing error messages.  It takes up a massive amount of space on your device and, barring certain advanced tech-geek methods, refuses to be relocated to the SD card.  You would think a huge company like Facebook could put together a decent app, but I've had better user experiences with apps that make farting sounds or simply send all my personal information to hackers in China.  I guess when you have a name as big as Facebook it doesn't matter if your app actually works.  Do yourself a favor and use "Tinfoil for Facebook."  It blocks all the nasty permissions and bloat by just giving you a sandboxed version of the mobile site.
Rushikesh
I love Facebook
Just amazing
Great
Between FB, pages manager and messenger my phone has slowed to an almost standstill! I like the new features but it's makin my phone unusable!
Oldd  app 3.3 waS bEtter :/
Friends keep getting messages suposally from me but it's not me u should do something for people wont hack it that easy
love latest app
New phone better quality
Nice
Love it
Excellent
this is great
Fuckoff basteds
Love. This app
Would be nice to have an uodate like the iphone got....... the one we have kinda sucks
Boring not fun time kiler
Really awesome
Cant clear chat history
I love it ,but there is some lag
Thanks
Why do Facebook insist on forcing you to use the 'Top Stories' news feed. It is utter rubbish and harder than ever to turn off in this version. Wish I hadn't updated
Terbaik...
Sucks
The old saying rings true: if it's not broken, then don't "fix" it! What was once a fun, friendly and fast app has become an overgrown elephant. I get kicked off when trying to comment, and those little "layered" windows that slide in and out are way too annoying...did MS fund this monstrosity? I'm about ready to dump fb once and for all.
for 5 stars all this app need is to have the smileys and the other faces easier to put on comments and other stuff to publish and will be perfect. :-)
I've it
I like. Its  so cool
Jhakas
Awesome
Excellent
Chutiya bana raha hai
Quick
Why fb have problem in few days very slowly. .I have already 4g net..Please make update. ....
Keeps freezing up
Facebook is too much good

Why can't i download the latest version, i still got 1.7.2 wtf!!
App update was supposed to speed things up. Did the exact opposite.
So far so good.
:
Too slow.. it also take too much space Ita actually a bigger app then what it says it is.. updates made it less then 1 star
It's ok but I don't like the new updates and for a while it wouldn't post my status. But other than that fine.
Keep crashing showing old news feeds, had to wait for 15 to 20 old news feeds before I can even view the new ones. What's the point of that ? This app sucks now.
lov u  fb
Roma wiswas
Newsfeed is better with the new update but when I try to upload pictures it's telling me I've none, even though I've over 300 on my phone.
Its awesome!
57883
Won't update the news feed or show peoples photos or video's or only shows half of them all in all the updates are seriously making me want to delete this pathetic app now...
facebook is soo cool and awedome and if you have a prob u can report a problem :)
Good app
Worst update I've ever encountered for any app. Going to be using mobile browser instead.
I use to be able to watch videos but now i cant. It takes too long to load and i always freezes. Fix it please
All i can do is open the app it freezes please fix
This app sucks butt these new updates are supposed to help but they don't. All I see are posts from days ago or hours ago it never updates itself.
I love it
I love this it helps me connect with my friends
Very nice
I think its very useful re
It freezes and doesn't update info
Very nice..
N
Social Media
Awesome
Fb gets stuck. Last update was good.
Wat hpen to fb...
just now
Constantly crashing and trying to update. Trays to update like 2x a day. Will get more stars when its fixed. Not a moment sooner.
Pretty good but has'.nt changed that much.
It is becoming prehistoric day by day,works like a road roller,tremendously slow.
Vry nice
Facebook is a great app
Updated and now news feed in wrong order... every time you update something you guys get it wrong.
Wala
Rick Gonzalez 1958@g
Cool app lekke j man lmimc
App crashes on Xperia Z2 when streaming videos. Please fix.
Sexy
Its always crashing
Manikandan
All
Good aap
I'm not satisfied on this app.. So slow and hard to connect!
I like this app i can chat with my frend an share video please download this app
Worst ever update. Never had any problems with the app except the size but this is too much! Keeps crashing all the time! It's really annoying. Fix this ASAP.
God is good
Omg it is soooooooo cool suprised its that good on my divice :o
Great for chatting with friends
cant open. force closed. fix it
Awersome
Great app!
Very good
Ha Gaaaaaaaaayyyyyyyyyy
Facebook is my life and always will be
GOOD
Friends is my life
Facebook
Always crash after see a video. Then after see video keep pop up to the lastest news feed. It wont stay at the place that u remain.
Really worst
Thanks.
Love it
Very good
facebook
Good app
Slow and froze my phone
Don't know what is going on, every time I open this app it takes ages to load and when I finally get to the news feed the page won't scroll, buttons won't work, just does nothing at all. So frustrating  PLEASE FIX!!! Edit: reinstalling seems to have helped for the time being. Edit 2: I've had to reinstall twice and it still won't work, back to 1 star, would give none if I could, PLEASE FIX NOW!
Cool
Won't load my pictures!! Keeps freezing..and my time line is dating back ages ago!! Come on Facebook get with the program!!
I really wish that you would stop trying to help me.  I hate your app and am seriously switching to Instagram for my social media site of choice.
1 no. Bakvasssss
Hopefully you'll read this & not update. Having issues making/sharing posts, having to force close, & I can't seem to choose to view recent status updates from people.
nice
micromex A 111
Super
Facebook
Love it
Facebook wants all your contacts and their information on your phone everybody's! Access to your phone 24 hours a day 7 days a week with your on it or not! That is pretty doggone scary to me! People you don't even know what access to your phone all knowledge of it!!!!!!
ok
Faaltu hai ekdum
Singh
Facebook problem
Yes
I like
quite good
Ever since the most recent update my app freezes constantly. Not even force closing resolves the issue. I have to restart my phone to make the app work again. Since I'm not interested in restarting 2 or 3 times a day, I've just stopped using the app. Uninstalling.
Nice
This update also sucks bad. Top stories is stupid. I can't do image searches. Clicking feeds and conversations works half the time. Burn it down and start over please.
Force closes constantly! Uninstalled reinstalled..now it wont even TRY to open for me....grrrrrrrr!!!!
Messenger is horribly slow since the last update & this candy crash suga thing is annoying to death.
Nice
Kainis ag hirap pomasok tlga..
Videos keep crashing
Waheed998877
This app constantly crashes my phone and tablet, need fixed. The old app was much better
Facebook Facebook is not a waste of time it is a amazing thing and a great thing to communicate his stuff get it inside out school
Sucks update, I can't play video anymore! ( unknown error )
Keeps freezing, not show recent post, wont give me my notifications
I have problem in deleting in my group
Just downloaded onto my Samsung s4 and there is no shortcut to access my account!!!!! Why is this?????
Good
keeps crashing
Its a good way to get ahold of family and friends from highschool and its great to be able to post pictures of yourself
Lovly
Nice
Good
Mac and cheese :
Wvw
Sucks when I log in then it says an error has occured please try again later I try every day then same thing
Very nice app.
I love to use applications nice and cool applications good one
It beast
Owesome to handle... an mosty esy to open in just few secnd..
Its kinda boring :-/
Moni
So nice i ever see my frnds
Mommy looking for you. The washing machine is coming now
Very bad. Connection lost
Love it....its verry nice app...
With so many users, stability becomes an apparently glaring flaw.
Great app pretty fast loading too! :)
Badass
Love facebook!
It keeps crashing and freezing at times bt when its running its pretty good... I had to re_install it every now and then. Pls fix this otherthanthat its a good app¡­4 stars for now....
I loved
Liz
and good joh
Very good
Excellent.
I luv to see people express themselves and tell how thay feel about things and tha gossip is jus great
Its amazing app
Its a hotdamn app
tacbook
Gopd
Awesome
Facebook
I don't like the way business pages show up. There is no way to view photos by album and no one wants to scroll all the way down a timeline.
It is too slw
best
Very good
It keeps freezing and shouting itself down. I've woven had to restart my phone multiple times. Please fix.
Very bad
Videos only play for about 20 seconds then stops working and say error cannot play. Needs fixing really passing me off. Sony xperia z2
realy very nice my all frnds r with me.
Too many updates, not consistent.
Excellent
nice free call and messages it's make me connection with people i liked it
Very good
Nice
Shahzaibkhan
Its glitchy, Cant see certain posts and You cant post pictures into the comments on posts. Samsung Galaxy S3.
Awesome social media
wuuuuuuuuu$
Hussain sahil
Love it soooo nice
Very fun
No problems with this product
ReallY Love it :) Am so addicted...!
Fb...!
Realy loved it
I would give a higher rating if you could have the ability to disable notifications from games and things that people incessantly invite you to.
Really good
Facebook me bare mein koi kya bole.... It was good.. It is good.. It will good..
yes
Every single time you update facebook, it throws me off. Not to mention this new update keeps on closing by itself when I scroll through my news feed! No force close or stopped or anything pops up.. just closes by itself. I am SICK OF IT!!!
This app is awesome I can chat for free on Facebook on messenger.I can talk to my family near and far
Fantastic
:)
I Just love This App
:)
Looks like it's designed  for a child.  Other than that looks good
de best
love fb
Cute
It's crap always crashing and now i can't see anything and i know it's not my phone
Keep showing 2,3day status at new feeds
Can't get a link on exact post. Can't share post privately via message. Can't select and copy a text. Are you kidding? Will change rating to 5 
Please do it much better than this features!!! Don't failure your best user satisfaction!!! Updated ASAP!!! Then i'll give you 5 star. Thanks to your effort for all user.     Ps. I use device Samsung Galaxy Note 3 (SM-N900) Android 4.4.2 Kit Kat Official.
I lave t
Lost the option to get rid of whatever I want.   Have to keep "suggested posts"!  Nit enough reasons as to why I don't want to see something ... how about "it's not important to me"!!!!
Goooooooood
Ok
Every time i try to watch a video it freezes up and says an error occurred!!
It is an awesome app
Its amazing !!
Takes hell lot of time to update.
Kurang best
I love Facebook app because I can stay in contact with family members and even meet family members I didnt know about.
Good
Perfect user interface
Very good application to connect peoples
Could be so much better im sick of all the updates. Stop it! Im sick of goin to change my profile pic and it makes me go thro every single pic I have just to get the one I want. It needs to be where you can go to your pics that are already separated and that would be so much easier.
Every single update make it suck! I've got force close everytime I log in! Please fix it
Just a app to git to fb quicker
This app was working fine until the most recent update. Now it's horrible.
Like <3
Just nice
I like
Love
Eoe
I cant download any videos now came from facebook. sad :(
It was better how it was.Now facebook  is really slow
Fb
Suraj
Uses to much memory. I hate updates
Ever since I got the kit jat upgrade this has been the only app that constantly says its not responding and uta getting very annoying all my other apps work but this one y'all get it together
Verry good
Updated and now installed on memory card yet it still takes the same memory from my phone. Absolutely crap
Its Facebook who wouldn't love it.
Nice good
Dislike the new look.
Just like the normal facebook
Nice super

Better than last vergine
We want new news first
My timeline has had an error for the passes 35min...it won't update or anything...and I don't like this new fb where you don't see ALL FRIENDS post anymore....it's just the same people everyday All Day long...and y don't I see things when they are immediately posted....I'm losing A LOT OF BUSINESS... It doesn't help me when I see things 2 days or even 2 hours after the post
Vry nyc.
Good :)
Better than before .
Amazing   Msbp
Good
loads hell slow.. consumes ram a lottt
ITS VERY SLUGGLISH, HANGS ALL THE TIME.... IF I UPDATE IT... IT TAKES 1 HOUR
Kbb,com
It keeps crashing and freezing up. Can't click on a link w/o it starting over to the newer posts.
Nice
So far so good updating now we shall see
Constantly force closes or just won't open!!!
Awesome and faster
Like
Good apps
My last review complained about not being able to add more than 1 pic at a time in a group.  Thanks for fixing that.  NOW...my group notification emails (which I love soooo much) are pretty much pointless.  Clicking in the email takes me to the post like normal but now there is no option to frigging comment on the post! So now I have to click on the group name & search through all the posts for the exact same post just to be able to comment on it! (Imagine how hard that is for groups with over 2k members!)

Great
ok
Excellent:)
God
I hate this app becoz it take too much time but not installed.
It could be running a lot faster and bring up the pictures faster as well
Good.facbook.
Txt
FB has been getting better keep up the updates. I never crashed once
Love it
Kuch happy
All good except how to get rid of bubble notices.
Awesome
Ged
Facebook is getting worst by the day, network issues, notifications not loading, news feed, ect... nothing is responding!!! HORRIBLE!!!!
Better than before
Princess
G o.       New app
Need to be able to add photos to comments on a galaxy s3
good
Love ((FACEBOOK TURN UP LIFE))
excellent
Every time I try to open the app it closes back down before I can look At anything on my account.
It's basic necessity
Utilizes way to much storage and grows in dice until you can only have 1 or 2 other "working" app on your phone.
I like the new look, but it bugs me that I can't set my newsfeed permanently to 'most recent'.  I dislike the way facebook dictates what I see and when.
Great
pissed
The news feed is the biggest problem. Most recent not top stories. Now when I cLick on "continue reading" or "people who like this" it goes to the comments.  Not I want to read the status why would it go to comments?  I have to do it a few times for it to do what I want.
I like very much but need too much improvement... thanx
I like Facebook
P
I love it.

Navavasanth
It gets stuck on the same page and won't let me go back.
not bad
The new update still doesn't include a function which we can select multiple groups in Privacy setting. I can only pick either "Limited profile"  or "Work" or "Family". Fb for iphone has had that option for the longest time now but Android version is still limited. I'd like to see that being implemented on the next update. Other than that, I like the new updates.
Facrbook
Pretty Alright App
Good application it needs some modifications to make it more faster before......
No images are loading on my phone even my profile picture .
Ever
Super slow and it always exit saying that facebook is not working. Pls fix it asap!
Ffs...the developers are ignorant, megalomaniacs who ignore users as they are just that egotistical and deaf to views as the popularity algorithm controls their actions. Nobody wants top stories or non-chronological feeds. Stop bullying your end users. Pathetic. Re update: why is there now a fb temp folder lurking on my phone when there never was one??
Weldone .app
Facebook
Samsung galaxy y duos...  Its a great app. Working smooth on my mobile.
Very good app
It is very nice.....
The best
Will never miss it
When evr i open videos it crashes please update
Don't like the new update would have gave it more
Easy to chat n easy to upload photos ...
Best
Its awesome
If I could give this a negative zero I would. Since I updated I still keep getting pushed out of fb!! It won't even freakn let me log in!! I will be using from browser for now on. So disgusted!! What happened to the old fb app?? Smh!!
Good
Everything was cool since this update ruined my Facebook I swear if my Facebook gets restart I will demand this for violating my rigths. And what I get stuck 18.58 mb on 93% for the love of god.
Slows down my phone alot ):
Facebook is good app for find old friends
Constantly keeps force closing on my 512mb ram/800mhz processor device. Please think about old and low spec devices like mine and fix the memory issue/force closes. Thanks.
Theres one thing messed up bout this u can't put on where u can see recant post
Very nice
Love. Facebook.
Very bad n slow version
Great..but sometimes...slow please improve...
Keeps saying I have no internet service. I clearly do or I wouldn't be able to do this. Plz fix
this version is bad
Ok
News feed doesn't upload properly. All tym showing old notification which I hve already seen..
Xx
Sucks Dick just like ur mom bitchhhhhhhh!!!!!
I hated Facebook because couldn't find my love stilllllllllllllllllllllll single
I dont get notifications on comments or messages anymore... The ui looks good and everything but that seems to be the only thing that works
Awesome
Nice app.
It's very easy and fast..but think need to preview if watch or downloads video play as it wz first touch.
Neden updates need an update
Lovely
Love
It's. Good for meeting and talking to friends You haven't. See or talked to in yrs.
Nice one
Love it
Hai
Face
The recent update is even worse than the previous one! Not only that, the this application has used a LOT of space in my phone
Guma khadka
Very Nice
It should get stored in SD card (external memory)  instead of phone's internal memory.
Super
Why did I bother updating?!? Nothing wrong with old version.  Sad day. Thought it was my new phone at 1st but my tablet that uses the same app is doing the same problems. Its lagging while typing and constantly freezing up :( wth happened???
Nice
Bekar tvisj
With all the new updates it doesn't want to load my news feed.. it also doesn't send notifications to me either... please fix it or I'll delete it and go through the internet
Always force closes or won't open and load
Nice app..
Worst app ever.. previous version was ok.. update spoiled
The world in my hand
Just got it for videos. and it's not even installing-.-
It's verry late to do anything
V.nice.....
Fix pop-up settings, hard to navigate
Loads slow... videos don't even work wtf is up with the updates? It doesn't even load pics anymore...This app gets worse and worse with every update...If I could, I wouldn't give this any stars...how can I share vids on group pages? Options keep changing or is there an option?
Plz it wont let me on my fb help...any advice
Facebook
Updating always
Tried the text method and it doesn't work your app always sucks why does Facebook keep constantly updating you get it to work right then I guess you decide that can't happen so you bring back the suck
Good , not best.
Facebook sucks keeps crashing
Keeps me in touch with some good people
Waste of tym. Wenevr I login my fone gets hang
961
You can talk to friend in u can do more
Sonia
Sandyj
Superb can't stay away a hour in life
Jhaakas
Nice
Good
ilovefacebook
Good app befour thise updatings
yes you do you say I love Facebook is so awesome
Facebook
Works smoothly and the new setup is really Conveinient. I dont know what is the problem with other people's facebook... Get ur phones checked up :/
I love
tired of all the changes instead of the changes getting better there getting worse, so eh its ok not on it as much for that reason. could be better!!!!!
B
bakwaas
App hanging in note 2
Gud quality of image and fast
Updates are cool.
lyk it
M
good
good
Very nice
I lover
Zakhona Cebekhulu
Its easy to get on facebook and it works fine i use this all the time
This app is really needed.but yet it to b upgrade.
Love It

That "prasad chakka" though . I lol'd
Sometimes the fb on my co is not working
very cool !!
Ever since the last big update when I go to my notifications & click on one, my Fb gets stuck on that notification. If I tap the icon again nothing happens, I just stay in the first notification. I can get to the rest of it, news feed, events, most recent, etc. But anytime I click the notifications icon I go right back into that first notification. I have to re start my phone to see any other notifications, then it works for a little while & then back to re starting.
Yay

Las actualizaciones exelentes
Facebook
Its cheap I didn't get d confirmation code n when I asked 2 resent it..then they said that d msg will cm in 5 min bt I waited fr 15 2 20 mins n mg account ws nt opening..I hv 2 dwnld it again
it's keeps me in contact with people across the world so thanx
Awesome but you must add some new featurers that improve fast in use
Lovely
Deepankar boss
Very poor :( n slow
Kdedreee deer mmem etc ddee
Very nice
whatever u have done, i just love u. i cant imagine how live without u :P
Very nice app
Awesome mobile app
Excellent
During the update my phone said insufficient storage, so i just deleted the Facebook app.
Alright
Very nice
Amit kumar Gupta
Star Magic
It is nice app to chat with friends
Best ever...
Best app
Its so slow every time I try to go on Facebook it starts all over a again and it freeze and I know its not my phone because it'd the only app that freeze!! -.- and its a waste of space
Lucky
Good
I like it.
Za Ber dus
Love it
I uninstalled it because it kept on crashing! now i tried to install it again, it wont this message will appear "unknown error -24". HELPPPP
I am mad because I can not sync my contact with Facebook
Superb application
The update sucks smh you could do better
Lol
Lovely app
Sonu kumar Singh
Poa
What's wrong with fb? It's getting sucks since last update. So many error and bugs. Please fix this! I hate the update so much!!! It says unknown error occurred, error loading feeds, error amd error again! And all of my pic in fb get into my gallery and it's almost full! Fix these problems please
I Realy like it this fb
Gut Danke
Cant play video.
Very cool
App is okey but its taking seriously too much memory for me right now is 104mb and its making my android lag and you cant even move it to sdcard
im so very happy to download it.
Good
Never had any problems at all with this app
SURAJ 7725
Hi
Vishal swapna
Worst update ever
The app keeps freezing and crashing. I can't even scroll through my newsfeed without it crashing 12 times per scroll. Also I do not care about the most "popular" or "most liked" posts. I want to see recent posts from ALL my friends and pages I liked not just the friends and pages facebook picked for me. If this continues I will be switching back to Myspace. HI TOM! #myspacerevolution
Ok
Great Application...
can't download.After complete goes missing.
Most recent feed MUST be default... or make a choice
exlent
Self
update sucks! keeps freezing my phone and full of lag
Badddddd
Its good but can u add some more things like video call not just a free call please many people want this
It's very nyc app but can u please improve that we can edit comments on posts
Meet new friend
won't let me update been trying for the pass week
Awesome
Facebook
latest update keeps crashing would give zero stars if possible
The new update is really awesome and it looks cool as well
Ok je
Good
Good
Shailesh
Ovde pise da aplikacija ima 14 MB onda je preuzmem i ima 31 MB WTF? O.o Zar podaci imaju 16 MB? Uzas.
nice
Ever since the update. It never works right and always wants me to force close it. Bunch of bs. If they would correct the problems it would be a lot nicer
Education
When I opened this software its not working for me
App should include copy text feature.....
Excellent and exciting.
Verry good
Need to do a update I gotta keep restarting my phone. Been doing this crap everyday on my cellphone
I love it
The friend list should be sorted in different categories such as, active, partially active, non active and deactivated. This would help rationalise which of our fb friends don't use facebook anymore, so they could be deleted easily...this can make space for new friends that we can add, We won't have numerous profiles that's not being used for years, which is pilling up on the account..... Please Help with this.
Super cool
Nyc
Excellent
Awsome
Good Application
It is too laggy and freezes every couple of minutes
Am Uninstalling. Can't deal with this!
With the last update, my app freezes all the time and force closes constantly. And it is incredibly slow. Not to mention the amount of memory this app requires... Luckily for you, I can't rate negative stars.
Jalota saab kehda ghaint a ji
Shy loving caring person inside and OUT. Falls in LOVE very easily, with a heart of gold...
Person in charge of the Facebook app, please resign.
Always crash when new update. Not have improvement
Eldonya kolha
Good
Rai Mridula
i hope this new update dnt take forever to load
Still need a lot to improve add an facebook video call for Android.

I love it
This app was ok untill you did this. It takes up 70 MB!!! Untill you fix this im going to uninstall this app. Facebook, please fix this. It just takes up too much space!
Good
Ok
Veri amazing application
Not a fan of it
Not bad ..
I cannot add photos to the comments mobile.
Face book re store
Baik.... harus di tingkatkan lagi
Superb applicasion
Videos won't load then fb force closes.
Can't Like anything or comment anymore.
I don't want to see post from 20 hours ago or from yesterday I want recent post on my news feed!!!
kyaw jo
Not bad butt need more help
I had a bad experience with Facebook because someone hacked into my account
New version of Facebook
App keep crashing on android device. No didplaying most current feed
poi sollathavan
V
I don't think it needed all the access it now has to operate but whatever.
Updates are shockingly terrible.
Awesome :)
I so love it
i hate it now because older versions were better than now. stop updating.
The best
App is good but -------
# ggggggggggggg
I will first use to Facebook I am attracted to your comment to my petormetion
getting worst and use lots of phone memories.
Good
Nice update
I im so happy that I can finally contact my family!
Unknown error when playing videos needs a Update!
Stopped loading on android
Irritating app
New phone one of two installed apps and it still crashes
Plz add to folder open in picture
It takes a lot of time to get lording
Soooo cool
The New update Really bad...keep foreclose
R9935
I can chat with many people and my gf
Can't play video, plays for like 3 seconds and then error can't play video pop up. Fix this and I might think about increasing the stars. Grouping news feeds too, from most resent to top stories.. Vise versa.
I lobe this app
good app.
Boom panes
Is very slowly
Good easy to find must try.
O
Love facebook
Facebook keeps closing. And Facebook will not let me open links or videos. Don't expect people to update Facebook if you can't get it right. I'm about to uninstall it from my phone.
It won't let me download the app it keeps saying package invalid
Love is all
Time pass
Super slow -_- argggg.
This is very slow app i don't like this...
Great app
Facebook is a good apps
u
Loved it
Good networking Tool.

Yes
Good for keeping contacts alive.
This app's ram usage is up to 200 MB while posting photos or videos. Normally its 130 MB which is quite big.  Need to hibernate it every time..
Awesome aap
Love s life
Too many constant unnecessary changes, and the idiotic elimination of the top/most recent stories..., gotta stay consistent...
New update is awful.  Why change what worked? Who really cares about top stories?!?!?! Show me my feed in real time.
Update for this month blows. Hardly ever works.
Loooooveeeee
I love the game so mush
MbNya gede banget -_-
Ka
I have the Samsung Galaxy Nexus and the I can't even install it into my phone. Honestly terrible app overall.
It's always crashing and freezing on me. When its working, its super slow. It also takes up way to much memory!!
I love the features really nice
Apps
It's little bit slow but not bad ..
The new update will not let me watch videos, fix it quick
Hated the app say code when I login I have no code
Nice app
nice
Constant problems w/ Facebook
good
STOP RESETTING MY NOTIFICATION SETTING AND SIGNING ME OUT GRRRRRRRR! OH AND FREEZING ALL THR TIME :(
After update it keeps Crashing until I can even open any longer.
Stop the bs updates. Every update makes something work worse... I left fb for few months since the phone app is so unstable and I still see nothing changed. Making all that money and producing a subpar product.
Its new UI interface makes amazing performance
It would be working fine for a little while , then out of nowhere it just crashes you guys need to really fix that because it is so annoying
I hate update.
Works fine
It's not working when i want to open a video :(
The new updates are not so good..
very good
When it updates i dnt mind, but i just updated it a few days ago, now its telling me to update again... fix plz, in all its still a great app xD
SHIBBU
Keeps on crashin when I opened some different fanpages.
Can't load news feed or anything many times
I love the new features a lot. But cant remove any tag created by others. And, sometimes lose transition and shows basic html. Check those issues
Please add feature to share videos with other android apps
Constantly stricken with bugs and slowly loading pages.  Most recently, I have timeline review on but the page but the review page won't load.
Good
¸üÐÂÁË~²»´íÓ´,±äÃÀÁË=3
So good
Takes to much memory it is ABSOLUTELY NO GOOD IN ALL ASPECTS FIX IT!!!!!!!! I CAN'T GET ON MY FACEBOOK AT ALL BECAUSE OF THE MEMORY IT TAKES UP SO MAD RIGHT NOW!!!!
Good app
I have downloaded videos to my page that I can no longer find????? What the heck?? This makes me mad!! I constantly get the message that FB is not responding & constantly freezes up!! Please fix...cuz I love my FB!!
Viry nice
Super
Average
Looks good than ever before
Download
Facebook
Can't even update gives me an insufficient space error. This sucks >__>
Keeps locking up
Nice app
Kevu keka
Facebook
Nice but sometime error
Vagus beat mengisi kekosongan
Love it
Hantu
Is August great
Good
Its so Gud
Now
Awful, buggy, slow, crashy, are a few words I can think of that describe this app in its current form. Perhaps focus on performance next time?
Android app needs custom status privacy option like every other app platform has. Plus full website has it, except android app version. Major inconvenience.
Eats memory like crazy please admin do something? Old version was much better.
I want to see what has just happened..not what was posted Tues of last week!
Love talking 2 freinds
Nice app works gud at 3g or Wi-Fi
Naval
I can't see any pictures at all .. unless i wait for like 15 min .. and i don't have the time or the patience .. so please fix this :/
Rahmawan
Very speed
This app is awesome
Works smooth and perfectly
Facebook seems to think it knows which posts I want to see better than I do.
Not that good, need more improvements.
Vire nice
SHAJIB
Don't download the "update" it isn't worth it. I had to reset everything, all it does it take up more memory space on my phone. Hey facebook! Stop with the "updates" that are worth crap and actually fix what's wrong!
Good
i like the apps
Getting easy and better
Facebook
FACEBOOK keeps closing ME out ,Without warning.  If y'all fix this I will give 5 stars til then im Only giving 2!
Good
Almost perfect. Have no complain
Since this last update, Facebook won't open. It keeps saying that its not responding and that I can either wait or close it. When it decides to finally let me in, its really slow or it gets stuck and then closes on me. This sucks!! Anyone else have this problem?
Best for all time.
It's very useful to get to Facebook faster
very nice
Really good
Love
Having updating issues..refresh list shows older post as usual..
I can't download this app;(
Nice
Bien
Good working
Raje
Nice job ..but refreshing is slow
Every update gets worse!!!!!  Im about to just delete for good
This app is great
Amazing
Great way to comunocate w. people
But needs little improvement
" Facebook isn't responding " wtf .. Its lagging so much and now it just got stuck. ...seriously it's so irritating ....fix it
Nice
Facebook is the best of our all friends to join us and visit as a time to time it's very very very good.
IT ROCKS
This so called update, can't play video and no sound at all, I wish I could gave it a negative 1 I would, please for pete sake stop! Updating making worse
Tampa mu aku tak mungkin disini kerana kehendak mu ku menerima apa adanya.
So cooool
"Suntan Superman"
Gud
Probably the worst app ever.
since the update i can't see my timeline reviews.. keeps on saying no connection even on browser!, please fix!
Totally timewaste
old one v.good the new one is like baba ji ka thullu
Good
Excellent app
Very usefull
This is a great update  I found so amazing and fun thank u
This is ridiculous. I have tried downloading this app all night and it keeps restarting. It is not my phone that has he issue I have downloaded other items and they do fine. Fix and I will give higher rating.
Im addict to it
It's Hot app
best the new
Good softwere
. Can't play videos. Ug.!!!
WOw
Facebook
Loved it
Facebook
I made a list for privacy when posting status' but can't select it unless  I go to Facebook website not the app..
Addictive. I might as well snort crack from my cell phone.
Ivf
Great..
Matrix pass
I can't see the time/date in the pictures that I am viewing. Please provide date and time when viewing single photo just like apple's facebook app. Thank you soooo much :* I will give 5 star after you fix it I promise.
nice
Amazing for sharing feelings with friends
Facebook
What the heck? It keeps on crashing. What's the purpose of updating it? So annoying.
More apdating this apps. More presure for me to manage, my devise memory space, so please fix this problem. Thank you but anyway i injoy this app. Fix this always apdating
Why does it always say login to my facebook account. But I'm already logged in. And if I press the box where to put my email the keyboard wont pop up. Please fix it immediately .. I hate facebook because of this problem. How can I fix it. Immediately???!!!!!!! THERES AN ISSUE #1732910 ... PLEASE FIX IT. NOTICE MY COMMENT
Since the most recent update I am unable to tag people that aren't on my friends list in a mutual thread. Previously, if someone that wasn't on my friends list commented on a mutual thread, I would be able to tag that person to talk to them on the thread. Please fix.

Supper
Good work...fb
Facebook
Excellent
I'm not surprised on this app.. So slow and hard to connect!
Good
Like seriously fix it this us suppose to be a better update from the last one .... the last one was so much better this one sucks everything is rearranged and I don't like it I've tried uninstalling it but it the same dadgum app..... So not happy with it
Uses lots of memory.
Facebook isnt good anymore... its boring...
Just wanna say nothing to complaint about!
Love it
Ikbf Yahoo
Fabulous
Pls fix this app, after update it crashes constantly. Cant browse it anymore. Pls address this problem ASAP, thanks then maybe ill give it a 5 star rating...
zauzima 160 mb?!
Very handy
Works fine... Hardly crashes.
I love it
Love it..
This is a good app.
Its cool
What the f*** is wrong with this app??
Love it!
Needs to load faster, but other than that.
With the new update you can't do anything! You have to restart your phone to get updates and notifcations.
goodness.HUAWEI.escande p6 WONDER FULLY MODEL OF THE WOLD
Ya,baby  its colllllll...........to use .........
It keeps on crashing!
App won't update news feeds. Only old news SUCKS BALLS. We want to know what's happening now not from yesterday.
amazballs
With every update I see increase in lags.. Lags evn whn I type.. No improvements.. Expecting dis app to be fast.. More handy.. I will kill 3  stars out of 5 nw.. Nxt update hopefully make me give a 5
After the newest update can't watch videos
Great
Its too good
Constantly crashing. Wtf
V.
Saloom mbao
I love it
Awesome

This update makes the post download significantly slow.
Excellent
New n improved.. Looking to c more of such updates..
boitumelo phiri
Why ? When I open this app it always closed, just after I open it ! And this is Always happen ! I really need this app to contact my friends, especially my dad overseas. Please give me solution for this
my fon lag
I hate it......
All of the sudden I'm getting, "Unfortunately, Faacebook has stopped!" Restarted, uninstalled, reinstalled & still won't work! Very disappointed! Finally working properly on my tab after almost 2 wks. Thx for fixing the bugs.
Ok
Awesome
NayNay
It so big that it almost full my internal memory. Hope its size.get smaller. No good.
I get to talk to friends and family I never talk to before in a while
I like it..
facebook affecting my android keyboard. when i go post status, comment and sharing , keyboard not showing and sometimes its very laggy to type letters. fix it please! only facebook can't use keyboard  very well
I love it

It sucks the new version is not good please put fix it up faster
I can't open my FB . , why ? What the FISH
Since the update my Facebook has been freezing and then I have to force close it and I can't comment on anything, the keyboard just isn't there. Sometimes it is but then it quickly disappears. Fix this and I will give it a higher rating.
NO PROBLEM IN THIS APP
Sureh kumar s s
Auscem
Slow
Why do I see Friday's updates on Monday's? I look like a super creep and there is no way
Affordable
Dis aap is grt 4 fast facebuk srvice!! Love it <3
It is very best because i love the apps very much!
Plz update copy paste option...
I keep getting error loading newsfeed on this Facebook app I can't view my timeline either I don't like this at all Facebook needs to fix this
Facebook
Best
I just love it
I like this app but I wish they will allow you to change the theme color and by that I need I wish that could change everything. Point blank
I can't even update
Suprb
The update caused the application to crash and it will never connect to the network
Since the most recent update I have a hard time posting and updating the news feed. It gives me an error message. It's getting very frustrating. It's still annoying how the news feed doesn't show the most recent posts, and how you lose your place on the news feed if you click on a post.
Wtf it is crashed! I thought it becomes better . it turns to worst . and also make me sick
Nice app
Very nice to now the other people feelings
Its good
I hate facebook coz it ask for an update everyday.Also am not even able to send one msg in fb... its is too bad. Fb crashes ever 2 sec
Stop the updates things
Whenever I try to open facebook, after a few seconds it just automatically closes and I can't use it anymore. TELL ME WHY PLEASE! Plus, I can't update it.
I'm tired of hassling with this app!
Must hai
Fantastic way to keep in touch  with friends
Sucks stop the updates bring old Facebook back
Loved it
Good
Everytime there's an update my phone freezes on thhe app to the point where i have to uninstal and instal again. Facebook is fine how it is. Leave it alone!
K
Videos keep crashing... It sucks.... Need to be done something quickly abt it...
322
Why are features being eliminated? I used to be able to edit typos in my comments to other people's posts, and also add pictures. This has been eliminated with recent updates.
N
Waste of Memory tsk.
Good
Motorola Droid Mini - Contacts won't sync
Well so far its good.. Keep it up!
Ahmed Abdul Rahman Kakar
Esy
Extreme social.
I wud give you more stars if it didn't freez all the time
Hangs often. Taking too open.
Khimani
This shii sucks assz !!!
Wtf ram usage
more better than the old version.
A very way to connect wid others
Awsome
So good.
Unstable release.
U
It can pass but
Facebook
I love Facebook
Hate d update .....the past version was far better compared to tis ....totally suxs
I like it update version new feactures new options etc.nice app.
Terrible update.
Love facebook
Awsm app...but every update isnt so good...hope ull improve
Videos want play
Good
I want that
Beast
bhopal
I love
Ado
Nice
Thus is awsome
Job
Yahoo''''
What the hell is going on with the fb... It stucks... :@
Ok
This app is so slow now. Photos rarely load.
Very nice
I can't tag newly added friends. Please fix.
Everyday
Gud
Loved it
i love it
Friend
Good
Good
why keep on crashing ?
It hang and not working faster
Fb
I LOVE IT BECAUSE I CAN TALK TO EVERYBODY
Slow & Downloaded data size is increasing with each update
This app has started force closing or not opening at all. I hard reset my phone thinking that was the problem, but it keeps doing it.
Kya kroge jankr

Hi
awesome
Facebook
Work fine for me
Everytime I open facebook app the feeds never update nd sows connection error although messenger works fine but the app doesnt..!! Such a huge company nd still no good products..!! Jut fix it..!!
Since last update it stops my phone from charging, it says it is charging but doesn't. If I uninstall it the battery charges.
Easy and fast
Love The App, Best App Ever..
Aight
WhatUfackingOverther.....
Every time I attempt watching a video I find an error. The pictures take long to display, if it displays that is... Why do you release updates for an app if the update just makes things worse?  If I could choose zero stars for this app update then I would. This is really nonsense that one can't even few videos on Facebook anymore without finding an error message that follows. Please fix it
Google
Imail
Was acting weird so I un installed to re install and now its giving an error.
Nice but not to strict...
Its great!!Amazing updates improved!!
Sweet - Husband. 
This new fb sucks shyt dnt work rite I gotta update it myself 2&3 times a day even tho I got it set on auto update
Keeps on crashing!! Cant even open.
It won't update, when ever I open the app and try to refresh the time line the little ball just keeps spinning. I have to force close the app everytime after the first opening of the app to get it to properly refresh! WTF! FIX IT!
Love it
Can't watch video , always close automatic , some time can't move need to reset my phone!
It is good application,  some bugs but... :))
Excellent.....
I think its the best :)
Worst app
Keeps crashing cant even open it
Good
My fb is always loggers super kainiz!
So Exlent
Yeah!
This is a good app, because now its easier to go to FB... 5 Stars :)
good
Lornabangloyalmoura974qatar
It continuously give invalid package while installing. Aweful
Super
I love u
Why does its always not working its need to report instead of faster browser please fix this
Its the best thing ever
I seriously hate when it updates -.- saying 'have no notifications' JUST SUCKS !! fix now please !!
Good
Ausome
Wtf, every update, more crash
thanks
Thanks
Can't set chat visibility options
Please fix the error while playing video using Sony Xperia Z1. I'm always having error every single video and gone after I retry a few times.
We play fb with we account not you cousins or you friend account.
Why why ... forced closed like 30 times now, People.. guys.. women people.. Fix please lol thanks and I'll send yall a cookie ^-^ bye lol XD
It cant download on my cellphone it says that package is invalid bla bla bla..
Too many updates happening
Sucks
I was very hesitant, but, so far there's no lagging or FC and it seems like my list is showing most recent again. I'm seeing many more of my friends posts since the update. TY FB
It works and you dont need wifi
Slow loading
New update crashes when trying to post status
This version sucks. It's doesn't respond at all and always shows error while loading news feed. It always does that even though my phones connected to internet.
If I could give this a negative zero I would. Since I updated I still keep getting pushed out of fb!! I will be using from browser now. So disgusted!! What happened to the old fb app?? UNISTALLING!!  Smh!!
Each update sucks!!!
No control over ur own page
Facebook
Jaspreet  kour
This is a very easy way to use facebook
Up dating  facebook
Hi
Tidak dapat meng-upload foto.
Love it
After updating the app it crashes each time i use it. It is also slow compared to before. I would like the option to get the latest news feed first and dont want to see comments from statuses from last yr. I since then uninstalled app and no longer useing FB!
Good
SOKUN
Facebook
<3It's da (best and everything) <3
Would like to see an option of tagging people and businesses on your business pages please then I would give 5 stars
App keeps freezing and requires a reboot of the device to make it work again
Hope youll consider to update the sharing status where in you can post status shared or can be seen by specific person/s only
Its not syncing with my s3.. gallery and calender
App is good but there still are minor issues. Can't set "Most recent stories" to default. New friend requests never get marked as read. Can't ask questions in groups. Also make notifications able to be marked as read. Also while editing comments, if comment is big then we have to press back button for "ok" button to be shown but the whole editing pop up window gets close. Fix these problems asap. I love facebook
Very super for android devices
Nice and friend massenger that is facebook
Good
This update is not deserved for one star .
I will see one recent post and the next one is from 15 hours ago.
you cannot build a app that runs on a low memory...doesn't crash all the time and doesn't hang up your phone????If there were (-) rating I would surely give negative rating!
Gud
It helps you connect with friends worldwide!
Wont boot
Cool App
Lot of lag .very poor app after update
Too slow. >>
Facebook
The design was beautiful!!!
Really Good!
Very good
Facebook needs to fix the newsfeeds to just recent and not from what happen yesterday or a couple days ago so please fix .
This app is so annoying.   We have very reliable wifi at home yet the fb app only sometimes works.  I have to actually switch the wifi button on my phone off to get fb to work at times or I have to reboot the phone.  The app is huge and just works like 50% of the time.  I asked if other people had the same issue and it was a resounding YES.  It's ironic to me that the very people who practically invented social media can't get their crap together to build a reliable,  strong app.
Love it
I like this app the best, however, when I click on the app, sometimes it won't let me scroll or do anything so I have to either restart my phone or uninstall and then reinstall. Please fix!
I think after update the picture loading is very easier and fast in 2G net :p
Fb
Stop going through my personal information!  Going through my contacts,  email's and browser history! !!  Suggested friends from people I have emailed for business and have no mutual friends!   Disabled it going through my contacts and new contacts in my phonebook are suggested!   Ads based on what I have looked at online!                   You are like the the crazy ex stalker!         Deleted,  to much intrusion into my life.
With each update this app has taken progressively longer and longer to open to the point where i've left this thing to it's own devices for 20+ minutes and it still hasn't opened. When I turn on my internet it doesn't even notify me of updates until nearly an hour later maybe once in a blue moon it'll work. Please actually address this in the next update rather than throwing in useless visual updates.
gd app so nice and what i like in it challenging friends on this app
It keeps crashing only seconds after I've opened it. I'm uninstalling this.
I just hate when you update it just to full my memory
Great way to chat with friends!!!
I love this app very much! I have been using it for a year I think its and its just great!
The app is automatically gets closed .....
Stealing your info
Cannot play video
Facebook
It is too fast and we can easily do our work in that its a wonder full app
Lets see how will it work now...update update update ufff
When not adding as friend, usually message will go to other or junk mail box, please make it go to inbox for available view for mobile phone.
To connect with friends, find out about them, and comment on their posts
Sip
Great app when used properly!
its really suck i cant download videos,and i hate it
HATE THIS !!!
Suprr suck

Idiots
App now only runs for a few minutes before freezing up and crashing. The amount of money Facebook must make on advertising and other apps, you'd think they'd be able to get their act together and make this far more reliable. Utterly terrible.
when i finished watching a certain video it crashes everytime. its really irritates me
My fb cannot load any news feed with an "error loading news feed" message. What happen?
Nice
gipue
Had to update and now it crashes all the time. Have to keep taking my battery out in order to reboot my phone. Negative stars if possible.
Love facebook
Got no choice but to put it that way so that my fb would restored so well.. That's it, thanks Facebook team anyways But it still using too much of storage.. Grr
Please delete the first and second pages I have and let me use the third one I made
Love it
Yang buat tuh..ANEH
Nice app
It waste so much net m.b.
This thing updates and then it just crashes over and over again, my newsfeed doesn't update and I don't receive any notifications. I uninstall it and try to reinstall and it keeps throwing up error messages. Nice update facebook, it does wonders.
Having problems updated my abbs
Plz improve
This last update is the worst so far! All have caused problems but now I can not even open Facebook. Nice work! :(
Stupid and very slow aftet the update...... And sucks the memory so pls stop updating it..........
Won't load new news feed!! It takes a day for me to get new feed, I have problems every time I update this app
Perfect
It has bcme a part of our life..
Please fix this thanks
Awesome
I uninstalled it because it kept using too much memory and now i can't reinstall it..... wtbeep...
Not worthy to download  ,always force closing so... Useless ive been using fb on browse still 3yrs then it run on my brows smoothly i hate this app lame!!!
Khader
Facebook used to be fun and addicting ...but now whenever someone tells me to check my Facebook I feel like throwing my phone across the room..
Loved it
Awsum
5 star
Please update more
I really wish fb would so stop changing things,and this app keeps messing up
It's cool

Nice
Its great for meh!! 
Nice
Facebook
Face book
Continually freezing my phone.  Forcing me to remove the Battery before it can restart.  4-7 times a day. I'm removing this app. Until someone gets it fixed.
It's improved now!
K
Thik hai
Not bad
Good

Nice app all the time.
Keeping up with friends is faster than ever
Complete need and answer the user to communicate.
The new update is amazing
Wish u could make it where u can move photos to one album to another bc if u can I can't figure it out
Is the best app...i like this app because if i don't have facebook i don't know what i want to do...
Latest update continuously crashes. Can't even open the app without a crash.
Awesome
Ajay pal
Cant view profile well from messenger ..
Good
Keep crashing & A lot of space occupied n tiz update sucks need to fixed it. Otherwise it would have been good
This new update sucks
The news feed doesn't load xD
V V
Its realy awesome app....
This is by far the worst freaking update ever...NO ONE WANTS TO SEE ONLY TOP STORIES, YA D*CKS! Why do you guys get to pick what we can and can't see?! If we don't want to see something, I'm pretty sure we're capable of editing what shows up in our feed. This is the WORST! Fix it!
No option to reply to comments. No quick change to recent stories anymore. No sharing into a message possible, further don't get link of a post.  Links to facebook content dont open within the app (like twitter app!). If you load more comments you have to scroll up! No Multitasking support.
Update sucks i don't want to see what  everyone was doing a week ago I want to see what people are doing now
Good
Keeeeps crashing. Its aweful
FB
Good
Need mor work but ita do
Good
Facebook
There's something wrong I don't know what it is!!!
Winner
I can't upload pictures after the update.
It's glitchy, annoying, slow, and freezes constantly.
I coudn't download fb in my mobile due to error 919 plz solve it immediatly.
Awesome way too connect with family and friends u haven't seen in a while
Nice
Sucks sucks sucks suckssuckssucksaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhh!
Its amazing I love the update !!!
Good job
Ugh !
Unable to share. Names will not come up. Galaxy s4. Please fix
Am loving it
App won't sign in!
Yes
Facebook
Very good
Crash most of the time
Hay
Very nice app
Woooo love the update! I can tell my feelings now yey !! ^^ keep it up ! ¡Ì ^^
Dolphins are the best.
Not a good app

Easy to surfing in Facebook
Love it
Now i dont need to use a laptop
It keeps freezing up and the only I can get my phone to work is to turn it off and back on!!! :(
Incredible, Lifetime App
Love the fecbook
SHARA
Poor apps
Good
new update keeps crashing :(
I have a problem with this app. In the previous versions the app would let me use the Samsung default video player which would let me float the video. But now with the Facebook auto video player I don't have that feature anymore. Also IPHONES app seems better because when playing a video in portrait view, it lists all the other videos below to choose from instead of leaving a blank space which is clever. Please have a look into it
Awesome
Why couldn't install facebook
I really like this apps
Poor
Mitra
Hopeless performance
thanks a lot to the maker of this awesome apps
Data center in Plano, Texas
Keeps freezing
its awsome..
Good
Wow!!!nice app
awesome
When you get a new phone good luck getting back on. App will not log in.
I don't why, but please, do fix this.
I Like
I love this app...
Get the bug fixed because this is annoying a lot of people.
I can't log in they saying that I can't login but from iPhone I can login why
Either in messages from this app or the messenger app. Recently received photos can be viewed & saved but a day old photos take too long to even show thumbnails. I've been waiting for last 11 minutes for yesterday's received photos to load but ended up writing this review. Both these apps in my iPhone are working fine. Why is Android so slow & annoying? fix the bug ASAP.
Every time I go on to Facebook through my phone it kicks me out! It'll say please wait loading...then nothing! I'm back to my phones screen. If it does so happen to "work" I'm only able to see two posts and then I'm kicked out yet again!!! Dang fix it already
Everytime i recieved a message it force closes.. i have to open the app over and over again just to answer every chats i recieved.  Please fix.
Very nice app
Very fast
It's so cool...
still a lot better then the Twitter app
After the newest update now it won't do anything I open it up and it freezes and not scroll down to look at anything
shaniya
Iove all friends because friends helping nature you're bad time
Fine app !!!!!!!
I don lik it
Not working properly. No notification, no news and it crashes
ASIF sheikh
What happened to the most recent feed? When will you guys put the most recent feed back? Where did you guys hide the most recent feed? Why don't you guys want me to see the most recent feed? Who is responsible for hiding or removing the most recent feed?
Facebook fawzi hamed
Keeps booting me out and if it does stay open only showing few status updates
LOVE
this is a useful app
FB Awesome
Tahir
Why was the long awaited Reply function put in and then removed the next day?
No no
Gud vry gud
Like
This app sucks. The news feed goes in random order and no setting to change it to the most recent first. Turn auto play for videos off but it still auto plays. Facebook does whatever it wants.
nice
Plz update it
Very nice application specially updated version but there is still option missing of "downoad video"
Love u
What a joke. Crashes every time I search for anything and why can't I look at recent stuff instead of whatever is "popular"? Bullshit.
It is one of the greatest app I'm using. I like this app but one thing to fb team... I've already mentioned.
irfan.mohd
Connecting with friends, a superb social media app.....
I love this
B
Nice
Gamed gdan!
Mpume nkosazana yaseLangeni Tshabalala
I can post status and the like and all my problem here is I can receive messages but I cant reply to them. My messages remain unsent!
Enjoying
Great
Very good
K
Sound ok
cool
Lovely
Get it together. Every update causes more issues with my phone. I've gotten to where if I can avoid it, I don't check Facebook on my phone because the app crashes literally every thirty seconds. I'm not a speed reader, fix it up.
It's crashing ever since the last update. Needs to be fixed immediately!
No access to "My Notes" and all my video uploads are rotated at 90¡ã clockwise.
Facebook
Love you
Great App
Ok
Khan khan M990
Little bit slow. :(
B
I love this facebook so much <3_ <3
Every time update Facebook its come with many threats and slower then previous version plz fix that and older version was much better then this version/hey makers of facebook u all are blind n not seeing the problems of user
Mc bc app
Nice social network if we used in positive way more helpful for us.
Its annoying keeps saying facebook has stoped working and closed down its not my broadband cose im with virgin media fiber so sort it out
Good!
Loi
Oh Men . I really hate when facaebook updates it uses to much memory
Takes up almost 200mb
Good
K
Suddenly disappear from the hp n reinstall still same problem
It was ez
Stop updating! The internal memory of my phone is getting lower and lower as you update!
No recent stories. Newsfeed has only top stories which r 10hrs or 2 days old.change in UI irritates everywhere.if v need recent stories, then v hav to go for "more".Everywhere it sucks.
Very nice.
Personal public show
I don't like backing out of a video or making a comment to see I'm back at the very top of the newsfeed and must scroll back thru likely NOT to find the post I was currently reading. Fix this and it will get at least another star.
Lani faranil mendoza
So good
ALL . FRIENDS
How many times it needs to update? ???
This update is sucks! Fix this!  Still crashing! 
Osum..
Awesome
It's very brilliant app and love it
Gadhavi
Excellent
Nyzzz
Access Easily Anything on FB
My rate
When I open messages it says I should install Facebook massenger but i donot want to install massenger please help me
Inder rathore
Now I can't even login and receive "an error occurred" when I try. Another update and I can't get any pictures or video to load. I literally cannot use the app. I want to keep track of friends and family, but the only thing that will load is the texted post that went with the videos or pictures. I can't comment on their stuff if I can't even see what I'm commenting on! Uninstalled and will give the app one more try. But if things start screwing up again in a few days, I will forever be done with Facebook!
it always crashes everytime im using it and ate too much memory!!! I thought updating this would be better but it became worse wtf. Please fix this
Facebook sucks.
WTF DONT DOWNLOAD UPDATE. SLOWS DOWN AND EVEN CRASHES
i have a straight talk zte phone and i must say this update sucks. Says im low on space and it keeps freezing then closes me out of facebook. Also i can load the version that i had. Not happy at all
Thnx
I don't like this update too much memory and makes my phone SUPER LAG
Im loving it
Is very slow to download
God is gud
Crashes 2-3 mins after opening. SMH
Good for my all friends
The new design is ok but why is the default newsfeed the "top stories" crap. It makes no sense. Still getting times when it won't scroll back through all the posts from overnight. Worthless!
The updates are horrible. Each update is worse than the the last
Good
Not user friendly... Make confuse...
Great
Love everything about it! You guys and ladies should used this in every day life! :-)
Fr d older vrsn. Udatd vrsn s a headache. Uses mre memory. Whyl updatng it hangs n shws error. Uninstalling it.
oK its ok
Not so good lately
Not too good need improvement to be better
Why i can't copy any of the post txt? And why it os forbiden do upload more than 1 photo in a phost?
Its crash,and not update instant news feed, and slow for showing picture & video.
gud
vvvvv.GooD
Update havx a on in my mobile.  There is always an error Plz fix this
My app freezes every single time I get on it. It gets worse with each update.
Thanks
Good
After m last update it was worst I didn't get even notification  time if you guys fix this then I will gave you full star...thank you
Make most recent the default!!! And it FORCED STOP like what the?? fix it pleaseee
nice
Nice aap
Getting better
Best thing come to the world
I realy like ths app.
I am using galaxy S4.my phone is freezing after opening photos in facebook.m forced to use hard reset everytime it freezes.

V good aap
Nice
The best ever.
games
i love this
Sucks!!! Agenda censorship. They won't remove posts and pics they should,  but do remove them if you are a conservative who doesn't share their flawed libtard logic. Real American of you fb
good faster better
Por eso le doy uno
Lagging a lot
I like this app
Just installed app and it will not open, every update gets worse, please get it together Facebook..no choice but to uninstall.
Can you plz tell me why it crash every time.?? The other reason is that it is running in background even after I am nit using internet.
nice
I'm surprised that people are having trouble with their Facebook application, especially since my phone isn't the greatest. But it works fine on my phone. The only tip I could give is delete Facebook and reinstall it. Facebook collects data and caches it, so the file keeps getting bigger. So deleting it will delete the cached data. I hope this helps in some way, maybe Facebook could have a setting in the application itself to delete cached data. :)
Soo slow procedure .
Love it
Pathetic.
Nice.
Nice....
Idk
Ok
Gooooooooooood it help us to video call
Where's the rest of my newsfeed? It shows me my newsfeed of yesterday or 3 days ago mixed in with today posts, it confuses me. This needs to be fixed please. I love Facebook, but it's just the newsfeed. And also I find it hard when my notifications arrive 2-5 days late, so I'm spammed. It's annoying and frustrating asf.
bagus
Still a little bit of problem when chatting to friends
Good
Want an option with audio comment
Need to fix it since I updated the app all it does is crash
Good
Too many annoying ads and spam posts on my wall
Nice
Niceeeeeeeeeeee
Nicw

I like it
Dela
Best k0ut
Good SNS
I just update it then it wouldn't open it...
Nice aps
All in one
L l
Awesome
The shuts down every time you go and click on a page...has gotten worse then it was before some new features would be great too
My life is like a friendship
I love it
Nice update crashs all the time and wont work 80% of the time now even when im just scrolling.
Love it
Hate all the updates. when watching videos they keep stopping and starting, so annoying. when will they sort it out. does anyone else have the same problem.
I could like to post my photos and Facebook friends
Superbbbb!
Not a bad app but not a very good speed is slow so many reasons this app is gud not very good
Force closes many times ... Older versions were better ... This is BAD
Good
Sweet
This app has improved. I like that through some searching, I found the feed sort options.
Gvdhj
This update is pointless, I can't even use it cuz it force closes as soon as I log in everytime. Fix ASAP please.
Great
Owesome
Loving it..on kit-kat!!
Sometimes when I login it keeps saying 'an error occured while loging in with your account' . I hope u can fix this ASAP. and I will give u 5 stars
shamazing it works
I just downloaded it and it took 20 minutes to load and after the 20 minutes it closed the app so I deleted the app
Excellent
I have seriously had nothing but problems since these "updates". They are NOT meant to make this app even more horrible than it was before. It takes up way too much space, I dont get recent posts, NONE of my notifications appear on my phone,  nor do my msgs, I am COMPLETELY  sick of this app. If it is not fixed i will honestly find another social network to be on that doe NOT lag my phone and fill it with nonsense.  If negative stars were at all allowed i would give this app the lowest stars rating.
I love this app
Too much memory used..can you read comment facebook???your app is so so so bad if there are a half star rate i chose them
It kinda hard and frustrating to post a picture as a page administrator when i have to select and scroll down all 1-1000 picture I have ...It will be more user friendly if the picture is categorised by folder that I already create on phone.  make it easier to choose will you.??and also there should be an option to comment on page I own as my self not as the page name...
Miraji salum
Nice
The more you play around, the more you'll find the hidden exposures
Good Facebook is best.
Ms
" sorry this video cannot be played" .... message after facebook has been updated and I try to watch a video on it.
GOOD app
i love it
My mob karbonn a90 not run facebook  (massage show) the appliction google play stor stop
Nice and easy
Great ^.^
Okay
It takes more time to load content than on browser even on same network why?
Fffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffixxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Hi good
Very good responce
Drama
Awesome!
awesome feature
after this last update i can never get it to load your ruining your own site. hope you guys fix the bugs quick.
Good
Ela
Good
Nice
Care

Nice
n
Hate it it's slow sometimes it doesnt even go through.this facebook is werk..
I love this app.....
Clean sweep
This app is very good
Nice
Muhtar
awesome graphics
The latest version is even more sluggish plus the option to chose between top or recent posts has been taken away so you are stuck with old posts every time you pull down to refresh. Not as versatile!
Superb
Great
Little bit slow. :(

I agree this app
Liked it
Good
Loved it
It wont let me share posts from my timeline to my community page.
Cool
vry nce loved it
Bd wrkng smtym stuck n much tym wste
Nice one i like it:)
Asif ansari
this app is not at all working. this update is much bad than previous version. it is working for only for few minutes. after it is exiting. I'm using this because I have no other option. I'll give one star.
I hate the new updates!!!...it forecloses every 5 seconds..it freezes...and who the hell is katana... I'm uninstalling not worth one star!!! Fix it
I liked this app
T takes to much storage
App i like facebook very much i dont mind about any app.I just like facebook
Wonderful application
Very excellent app is Facebook
AMAZING...!
Cool
Dave s.b.
Why I cant download on my phone
Super
Very  good most important for ..........
very useful and helpfull
I like ths apps.
It's getting worst,I hav many issues with it..I'm not able to see videos on full screen..for online chat I hav to open messenger every time coz fb chat is crashing down..I'm also not able to watch tags from Daily motion web site..
I can actually enjoy app now
It stucks and not work smoothly like the previous version plz remove this fault.
Update after update you have been pushing Top Stories down our throats! FAIL!! Dear Facebook we HATE Top Stories!! PLEASE allow option to default the News Feed to MOST RECENT, especially since you are now hiding this option in the right menu. Open the app and it's back to Top Stories AAAAARRRGGH!!
Excilent
App won't even open. It just crashes my phone
Stana
But on your phone.
Wowwww
Awesome
The update is so suck because it log me off every single time when I close the app
Updated and hated it!  Took it off my phone. Couldn't find new posts. Old posts showing up with new. Fix it or you're losing a lot of people! Don't deserve even 1 star.  What's up with videos automatically playing & taking up data usage?   Shouldn't play unless we push play!!
I like it
its ok
Jangri bungri...pajak pajak pajak
I like facebook it is our only way to connect with my friends and parents
Like me this fb page ¡­¡ïgood. ¡ï
I cant get into my App its freezing up and just kicks me out. Please fix or will close FB account.
Loved it but when i reset my phone i cant download it  fix it fouff!
Love it
Facebook app
It's OK
Nice app
Everyone will love it
It is so fast so we can directly come to facebook
(y)
Excellent
All I'm doing is scrolling down the timeline. RIDICULOUS! First time ever with a fault like this.
Kaegad mushaobs ma cotas chedavs ee
I don't get all notifications, only some of them!
It crashes all d tym.. These updates sucks..
Cool
Superrrr
Love it
It's Facebook, it's all good as far as I know. Put on only what you feel ok with& it's all good.
Update sucks
I love it so much. Thanks play store
muahhh fb
All the videos trying to play keep freezing my phone

This app takes a bunch of memory. Then in a little use accumulates lots more storage.
145
Dosnt work won't download update says insufficient space when I have way more space than needed
Great Happee
Coooollll
Faraj 79@ gimealcom
32700
Mast
Before I used facebook app and my every app used to crash down. Now I uninstalled it and my phone is working better.
Facebook mobile
Update says it is just under 20MB so I cleared out 60MB of files to make room for the update and it continues to tell me my device has insufficient space WTF?!
Best
Its good app
Never mind... I won't use fb on my phone anymore....
Cool
Keeps crashing...please work on that
kul.!!!!!!
Really really suck this time.  Uses too much memory. Ughhh
V
why the hell it takes too much memory?
Social media
Good
I love this
this is the worst update ever exist on this planet!! uninstalled!!!!!!!!
Maaf zahir batin
great on mobile
I cant read the long statuses...... Please fix it...
My phone always hang when i click the facebook app.
<3
It says 23 mb but its actually 33+
A very good app for people who like to socialise via the inernet and I love it!!!
My friends allways say im on line but im not! I turn off the chat and eather way it still shows up to other people that im "online"
Never get the recent updates!! Always 18-20 hours old post!!!
Its awsome fast nd effective
Needs to be fixed
Awesome
good
Nice
Dilip vavdara
Really great flavours, excellent service, super clean toilets. My wife had the lobster and said it was cracking.
Gwet app
Best for mobile
Good
Very bad....
It still doesn't show friends' birthday notification and it doesn't shows emoticon which i could see in browsers, Abd it takes more memory upto 29 MB. And now goes to 35 MB. WTF??
update sucks
Very nice
I love my Facebook friend so it s prfct app o
It really hangs in the middle.. N takes a lot time to post and view mzgz.. Ovr all itz ok.. Bt nd to make it fast
Very nice
Yes, I like Facebook but, there's problems with changing your E-Mail and Password. Authentication Problems still exists please check. Thanks!
Its easy to access info & very quick
Nice
I CANT EVEN OPEN THE APP
............booooooo!!
What improvements have you done? The only improvement I see is the app is getting worse, if I wanted to see what my friends were saying in the past I would have gotten a time machine.sort this app out ffs
i loved it
Love so much
Nice!!!
It's great!!!
Nice app
Looove it!!
It's good
Complicated
Laggy
Rocking
Tooo bad....plz...imrove it....dnt make it crashing bull
App not responding all the time! how do I uninstall recent update?!
Its more faster n good
Nice
FB
Like
Amazing app!
Always keeps on hanging...i use in samsung galaxy grabd 2 but also it makes my phone hang...i just don't have a lot of apps in my phone. Before the new update my phone didn't hang...so i request you to fix it. Facebook doesn't even work properly...-_-
What stupid loser made the thumbs up button? Worst thing ever hands down. Terrible feature that makes me look like a retard, thanks programmers.
It worked okay, but then I kept getting notifications saying that I need to update it, and now I'm updating it and it is taking forever. My goodness
All is well
When i sending friendrequest my id is logout automaticaly and everytime i am updating too
Amazing. ......
GadArrrrrr Appp...
Pranesh M shet
Coll for Friend ship
Can't Froyo update?
Amazing
Why there is no "don't notify me about this story" link or button like In facebook? Its really annoying that I must enter through the browser to press it to prevent certain story from annoying me, I waited for it for long time and always think it will show up next update, plz add it as soon as you can. Anyway thank you for your great work, well done
I m using it is gud
Choudhary
mastt
Toink .
Wtf it crashes wtf
Keeps crashing since I updated it, terrible
Good
Like it
Good...
It is fantastic
Nice
Too
If only i can load faster
Easy medium 2 get frndz
Not good this app
I love it so mach now
very good app
It keeps crashing lately.. terrible..
K
Raj
Can be much better
Love it great app
I like Facebook I just wish I can go to my videos that I loaded from my phone!!
The timeline updates 2 hours later if it all
Keep up the good work
update made this app very slow videos became very slow
Needs better updates !
Fb
very outgoing and funny love to have a good time with a good woman
Mourya
Awsome
navink 482@gmail .com
Sooooo goooood
THL W8+
Ok
Best
Always crash! Annoying. Next time do best updates not like this! I am now using browser instead of this app!
nishalve
Bad update this time... too much slow.
Hot
i cnt get any notifications when my notifications is on... plz fix it
Fantastic
It's not as fast as the old versions, It Really sucks now! And it never refreshes correctly .! Main Problem. It takes to much space in my phone and makes it go slow! Please fix Asap! Dont be suprised if people uninstalled.
I try to log in and the app crashes, so close the app, open it again and simply a grey screen shows, and eventually 2 minutes or so it logs in, absolute joke Facebook, please sort this out, using a LGP920 (optimus 3d)
Y
Ilovedit
I lyk it keeps me updated wit tha honies
Its not cool that I can't edit my posts on mobile when I have a broken laptop. Please fix it.
Zen Zainudin
Videos don't play with sound
It's not as fast as the old versions, but does work sometimes.
So good
Facebook
I should b able 2 do anything from my fone that I can do from my laptop .....its NOT RIGHT TO LIMIT WHAT SUM1 CAN DO JUST B-CA
(y)
Love it
Very bad
Awsome
Wild wild west
Shocking performance since update - Samsung phone constantly freezes when using Facebook.  Haven't had a problem for the last year until this recent update :(
Easy to use
Peter mantile
its hard to open i use wifi is ok but still to much hard to of,,,my notifications are not loading i want to see the latest updates of my notifications but its not loading also my newsfeeds are the same,,,pls fixed it so that i give 5 stars,,,,
I think u should update fb again bc id like thiss update
Good but not fast loading. Its very slow pls upgrade  spped
Good in use..
Not as good a iphone facebook app.  Also it stops loading a lot.
It is a fast way to snd msg and many more......
ViDara
Ok sangatt
Awesome hie I enjoy the app on my even more than visiting FB from my pc.
HORRIFIC ACCIDENT 20 hours ago! Sean J, LIVE! last thursday! WTF?          WE WANT MOST RECENT default! Listen to your consumers! Because I for one won't pay for your crap, Unless and until this issue is fixed...... POP, THERE GOES ANOTHER STAR! Your app will be DELETED. If you lose another *
how it consumes  more and more space after every update
very good
Loved
Zordu
I can't manage what shows up on my news feed anymore. I want recent stuff. Not crap from 5 days ago.. I also miss seeing more than 5 people, believe it or not, I talk to more than 5 people.. And that's just daily..
Its really useful and to download it is better instead on going on the internet to use it so thanks its saved my time
Whenever new version come it never get more speed. Too slow now no one should download it
Great.
Great awesome
stupid merge greu
Comfortable
Its fucken Fucked
God is great
It won't let download passed 93%
O.k.
Very yo yo app for facebook
Sweet
i dont used to have problems with fb but the past few days, all my notifications showed "Just Now".. now it changed again, i just updated my profile pic and it showed updated 15 hrs ago. WTH??
Great!
I
Jooos
Ok
Fix this and I'll give 5 stars
Nice app for android
Nice
i use it everyday love it
Wish there was a dislike button & a few other options but it's f.b & I get what u get + it can't be beat
Fine apps. ..
Its awesome...it is what it says.
m
Not really liking fb mow
I love it
Why touching anywhere on the post bring up comments. Please solve this bug. And also add an option to copy texts.
Not sure yet
maksiatt
Please please follow the feedback!!
hmmm ?   its ok !.. pro ang daLi maq log.. tapos ang bagaL
Lyheak
Takes forever
Its connecting very slowly
Hussain
Social network
Awesome I think
It's kind slower than before, fix it and the 5 stars are yours.
Keeps making the file too big for nothing because you guys only make the thing worst!
ºÜÂé·³
Awesome! !
Very excellent

Best is the best
Love ir
It's OK
Crashes way to much takes for ever to upload videos
WHAT IS THE POINT IN ME UPDATING AN APP THAT WON'T WORK AND WON'T LET ME LOG IN STILL TELLS ME TO CHECK MY NETWORK. YET IT WORKS IN MY BROWSER????
Nice
Works ok have to restart it sometimes
Good
Every update is worse and worse! I can't even watch the videos on Facebook anymore! I also hate that it automatically takes you to the random news feed I want to see what happened recently not what happened 2 days ago! Ugh please fix
This app good for chat to our friend. But sometime this app have problem
New update = it wont even open at all now so thanks for that :-(
App is improving but it consume most of ram of phone
Log kitna kutta wali karta phr b updates sa bazz nahi ata BC
Love
Works very slow even in 3g connection images load time very high
I love fb
All r same in last update.
Thrheffing
Very bad experience. Always show error and session expire
This update sucks! The old facebook was easy to use, you could find everything, faster. This update I have no idea where anything is, it slowed my phone down a huge amount. Fix this. Soon I will delete this and stay on MeetMe. Its easy to move around. And doesnt slow my phone.
Good
It sucks!!! Updates are useless!!!
It works fine, just for groups, I don't get notifications
I like
Wtf what all this updates stop updating
I luv it
987654321
Mediocre App
I miss u
Facebook is the best social media
' cannot pay this wideo an unknown error occurred '
This app is needfull for every1. No harm to download it on ur android phone..
Face book
Its easy to communicate with my relatives and friends.... tnk u
New update made it really laggy
Like Ellen like I got kicked out of taco bell for being versace loud girl they be trippin
Reliable
Facebook keeps running in the background ... And takes up to 100MB of memory even when I don't have Facebook messenger installed and refresh frequency set to never.
Yay
Nice
Good
Nice and user friendly app
Its too nice
Vrrrrrryy bad
I loved it
Great
It doesn't responding for 2G data please fix for working in 2G data
Goob
i love tha book
I loved it bcozz it s fast
Ernest Cruse
I don't know what these other reviewers are talking about, but it works fine with me. This latest update got even better UI specially on message section, it's more cleaner now. Though before I updated, Facebook crashes and closed at times. Probably caused by my phone's RAM got used up by other running background apps, I don't blame Facebook about it. Blame your phone.
John wesley
lve ds app,met new peoples r frnds becms mre easy
Fb is wonderful it is meet to new friend.
Since the latest two updates, I haven't been able to watch any videos and pictures take forever to load. I've logged out and back in, deleted pics, apps, emails and music off my phone, and reset my phone and nothing...I just uninstalled and  reinstalled. Maybe it will work better now. Please fix this Facebook.
Bt this iz not install in my phone plz help me frdss
Bbb
Very good app for chill
It's easier to access
Niraj Thakur
Would be better if it showed more recent stuff friends, family, etc unlike stuff from 2 weeks ago
It's ok. I like being able to see my family and their children  since I live so far away! I'm not into putting play by play of my life on here like a lot of pple.... love the birthday reminders too! Fast & easy way to tell friends/family "happy birthday".
Cool anytime any day
Family nothing like family and good friend
Its good
Great
Well this app takes up so much memory and crashes so frequently, that I begin to wonder if any testing was done before launching.
This app heats up my phone resulting in battery drain please fix this feels so bad holding a hot phone
I like it
Ok
Loose
Always crashing please make sure that when you update you test the app well
Good app
STOP UPDATING!!!!!!
I loveit
Facebook
It' becoming worse and worse.
Lol
it sucks !!! i thought that if i'll update this it will so exciting bt im so wrong!!! what happen to this app???
Ok
Your updates only crash my phone. It was better off without.
Good
best browser for me
Though this version of facebook mobile is very nice it still has some few occassional hick ups and hangs hope u can fix it thanks
Still leaves a lot to be desired. Better than on a PC though. Tagging could be improved, j have friends with short names that I can't tag at all cos you need 4 characters on mobile, hard when their names are 3 letters long!
..............Don't waste time to download this app because its takes long time to load a single notifiaction page, So you can better surf on Opera mini web browser for fast facebooking.
sobrang gandang gamitin.
Excellent
Nice app
Kanika sandhu
Crashes ALL. THE. TIME. And now it is just a blank gray screen since the update. Super.
Fab
Keep loading
Niac¨¦eeeeeeee
When I used fb  my life are changed
Fabulous
Over all best but if we send friend request then automatically log out...........please improve this problem
my fb name muhd adam
Iwantomakemyfrnd
Suck it up
Idk y bit ot messes up my phone
very good nice one
Awful
Good
FACEBOOK
Great way to connect
Excellent
Nice Facebook
It's awesome to use it
FB really sux nowadays.  Still no recent updates?  Who wants to know what happened 20 hr or the day b4?!
Hi
I
This app helps a lot but the new update is wierd
It gets reallyyyyy sloww sometimes sucks ...i hatee it plz fix this asap 
Suuuuukkkkkkdss
Facebook
Juego
Even better
Gud app
More than one could ask for!!!
Never using this stupid app again! Ide rather go through safari!... Crashes/Force Close/Lagging!...
But when I'm open Facebook app then Facebook show me unfortunately stopped error..I can't open this app..so plz fix it my problem solution
Bad n slow
Crash happy app...crashes my browser too.
A nice application in world
Its run automatically in background. It consumes my ram.
Facebook keeps crashing over and over. WITH
Love it
the best
Slow. Won't let me like any posts. Doesn't show my friends recent posts only old ones. Please fix ASAP!
Making good use of an old phone. App is great and easy to use. Perfect for what is designed to do.
Battery drain. Bring back most recent. Can't post pictures as comments anymore. Am I really about to switch to G+ for my social media??
After update my Facebook is become very slow :-(
Bleh cary friend
Keeps crashing, won't load videos anymore always freezing.. Yeah I'm un installing for a while.
Thanks
Update
919
The worse Facebook update ever
Aesm
Bagus aja dah dri pada ga.
Mike
PLEASE!!!!
Janu
Its great
Best app of my life
It is coooL
Can't post pictures in comments now? GAYYYYYY.
I loved this apps never stop all my facebook gallery
Always have, always will
I want to be able to save photos from facebook to my phone without having to screenshot them. It's annoying.
Ok
Please fix it
who
Yes yes yes
Nice
Look at pics and it freezes and crashes
Nice good
Can only view the photo posted as a "comment" for few seconds after which photo dissappears & i can only see my name & a blank portion in place of the photo in the comments thread. This issue also occurs after reopening the comments thread where i cannot see my posted "photo comment" but only my name & blank portion.....Pls fix the issue.
This app is fabulous
i hated it. coz it is always Force Close. please fix it
Waste
Slow!!! Koho2!!!
I love it, oh do yall like my pikachu lol
dhana  ,,,,,,6 ,satr. Face book
Nic....
My videos will not play...still even after update. 4 months now. Fml
It is much better if facebook has a featur to be used exclusively for devices with stylus...
Non-stop problems
Rubbish privacy
It frozed my phone it take to slow
Awesome
Toyboy
Ok
I love this site always
Love being able to keep up with friends near and far!
Awesome app....easy to hangout anywhere with friends...!!!
Yup
but not thaat cool
Like...
good
Love it.
Keeps crashing when I try and update my status
Doesn't show location!! Fixx...
Great
- WONT Updatee !
Its awesome.
Good App but sooo Slow ...yrrr...
Good
This is very cool
every indian life's- facebook
this would be a 5 star, but has little bugs, continuously crashes and isn't letting me download some of my old picts, with this new update...
Why everytime there is update.still  there is problem
Like it!
Good features like calls,msg,grp msg. Fb is more efficient than other
My time line won't load
I can't see any album in group. Why?? I hate fb .
Super
This app is so busy stealing user data and trying to demand posting on my behalf it will not even load.  Back to incognito FB.
Not working
fb
Hii Thanks my all fb friends
Good
tak can...
good
Tdufyofuchxufvhggcgg
wonderful
Nice app
Gud
('
I gave 3 three stars coz its good for a start and the up dates r making it slow also should bug it....
Fr d older vrsn. Udatd vrsn s a headache. Whyl updatng it hangs n shws error. Uninstalling it.
My phone glitchs everytime i try and use the app..
Awesome
Can't reinstall..after the app freeze for sometime..
Rocks
i have 2 milion facebook id
God
Text in message could not be copied, please improve on this. Every update consumes lot of data, reduce size of updates
Updates no good keeps crashing
so famous facbook I like it.

Dont give a cre what them people say
The lastest update wont let me refresh my news feed and everytime it goes to refresh it just says "error loading newsfeed" and its starting to agrivate me. please fix it.
Good
Its a good social sites....
Its really good I can always rely on this app to work and there is no ads popping up every 5 seconds
Facebook is a goods software in the word
Nice fb come fast lets enjoy the fb
Videos constantly crash for no reason! It's hard to watch videos when it constantly crashes for no reason
PleaSe give smiley option in status uupdate....
No good. Can't watch vids. It's slow and there isn't much that has changed so what was the point? really?
Wrost update
Nice
If i could untag myself from pictures that'd be great. Also, there should be an option to view video albums of pages too. You can Only search in pictures album of wall photos as far as I know.
Joker
This app is awful!!!!! Hate it so much it dose not let me do what want it to do!!!!_:/
Good a pps
This app has become completely unusable. The issues started with photos no longer loading, and now the news feed and notifications never load either. I get the "unable to retrieve notifications" etc every single time. I will be uninstalling this app, since it doesn't actually do anything at all anymore. Pretty disappointed, because I really did like it before.
Facebook is starting to go so slow!!!! Fix it.
Too slow to much for my phone's memory and whats with the force close ... Guys plz fix it
I still have space here on my phone and keeps telling me i dont have space anymore
It gets better after 1, 000, 000, 000, times update. 4 star.
This update has ruined Facebook. I can't see any photos that are posted.
Takes a while to load sometimes
I like Facebook
Loved it
It keeps telling me to go back to the appstore and uninstall the app then reinstall it
Ok
Takes up too much space for wat its worth
Taking too much memory 140 mb
Ugh can I get my followers latest update on fb, instead of crap from over 24 hours - 2 weeks ago.  Annoying like wth. Stop updating because it sucks. I get on my computer or use the web more now instead of this crap.
it's very nice software.but this software is too slow
The fb app requests very unnecessary permissions from all users, Eg: retrieving your apps, reading your texts.
its a really good app to reach your friends am also like any status and anything
Awesome
Hg g nu sh go lb dc Hg dc I'll Feb
It's a great job
Love it
.biar tak GALAU
So easy and fast
It crashing on my HTC One. =/
good performans when get update
Great way to keep up to date with loved ones....
Idk
This update soo bad...., its time uninstall Facebook and put tweter.
S h it app. No more "most recent" news feed. Couldn't get any worse. And why the hell am I required now to have the messenger!? I can't open the app and go to the inbox and respond there. The messenger is ok but it's another app taking up space! I don't need or want 2 apps for the same thing.
Nice aaps  i luv it
cant open everything.its very slow..please update immediately...
I give 3 stars because it gives me fast loading.. But what need to improve is, the video always give answers fail to play... If can improved it, and make it faster and better UI, I'll give 5 star...
its carshed hundreds of time after i updated it worse update ever
It works gud
Gr8
Cool
This app Is Soo horrible it never works so I can't even use the app on my phone. They need to take the update off so the app will work again. All the reviews say there app doesn't work either. FIX IT!!!!
takes forever to open different screens
The best
Slow updates
Aeosam
On low end devices it becomes laggy and start's to crash and become unresponsive.. but on a rooted phone functions good if cpu is being overclocked
Good
Nice
Kik
Hi
Every time I upload a video the quality turns terrible and I have a 13 megapixel phone, it wasn't like that before please fix.
Good but a bit sluggish
Purtty cool
Great
I avoided, I failed. I found, I awed!
This new FB SUCKS! Had to reset phone now I have this lame FB APP, what happened, can't even share to specific friends! SUCKS, SUCKS, SUCKS why do you mess around with something that didn't need fixing, now it's broken, slower, FIX IT!

Though a little slow, but hope ypu guys improve it
Hepsi joseph
Stops my music app, and then crashes. Please fix. Also says "cannot retrieve the notifications at this time. Please try again later."
Pelies can u help me?
Galaxy S3
Plz Add text copy option.
Why does it log me out immediately after I log in?  Why can't I hear the videos? Why can't I see my "other" messages? Just yesterday I was browsing my "other" messages  to see if it filtered one and after the update I can't.
Since day1 its been an awesome page for me.
I love 2 use facebook
Still slow
Very slow
Just hated it ..... Doesn't workkk at all....huhh ...... Please fix it !!
It constantly crashes. Can't scroll down More then 1line without it freezing up. Please fix it.
Hated this update version
Update made it boring
I'm adding my voice to the countless others who hate the concept of Top Stories. It's useless and nobody likes it. No one picks up a newspaper to read what happened two days ago. We want to know what's going on now. The fact that there's no option to switch to the most recent posts? Big mistake, Facebook. Also, my push notifications only work about half the time. Please fix it!
Super
Nice
I really really love face book bit i gotta  get use to the update
The most loved app ever
Garbage
Still not as good as the iPhone version
Wth with the new update they stink like my poop come on plz put it like it was two updates ago
Love it
Some Time Face Book Jem
It crashes! Why?
Virus,doesn't work.
Faceboom
Good
Love it
Fix it now! Crush every time scroll down!
I think they have gone totally out of their mind with the new permissions...zuckerberg u suck!!!!!
I like would like to share,that this new version of fb is so good.
Ever since I installed the latest version on my android it is so slow. The update said it was a faster version and would perform faster on my phone. But that was not the case. It is so slow and when I click on a link that brings me to a web page, when I hit the back button to get back on facebook, it takes me all the way back to the top of my news feed instead of where I left off. So if I want to share a link I have to scroll back down to find it, and sometimes I never do. Very unhappy.
Some times it put stuff in my notifications that doesnt belong in my notifications

Cannot log on most of time. Nothing working right on facebook since upgrade
Fb
The app is nice...but need a lots of space in memory....plz try tu make it in low memory under 10 MB
Everytime i uses halfway the thing will crash and shut down
Privacy settings need a lot of attention. Almost impossible to properly manage pages and events. Recent updates are using up too much system resources, causing the phone to lag.
Amazing apps
This is an incribile app. so you can chose this to communicate to your friends.
Update :/
I love Facebook 5 stars

So I can contact my friends and family that have always been there for me
stuck on loading screen
This WOULD be the best app ever if it didn't force close so often, if I could send the voice recordings I make. Until then
Super
Please fix. I have to uninstall and then reinstall every time it crashes and stalls out. Please fix.
Kanika sandhu
Fine
News feed needs to show the most recent updates. Nothing it is showing is actually recent.
I verry like this app
Galaxy S IV
I love facebook coz it's so cool to chat with friends
since it's latest update, it keeps om crashing!
Edit: it's broken and won't load anything.
Thnx
Malaysia
DoD  Civilian Faculty
Rsllar contak +966506475475/+966502258874
Crashes all the time now!! Even after the last update
Ye kya chutiapanti hai. Aisi update karte ho ki sala chal hi nahi raha. Jara sa move karo 20 25 update nikal jate hain. Aise bhagta hai bewkufo ki tarah. Mat kia karo yr update nahi hota to. Srsly gys dnt update. It took so much of space, ram. Makes my phone slow. Dint open . Shows error. Force stops. Gttn worse day by day. Facebook technicians if u r listening or reading this reviews pls fix all this. Else ull hv no problem if i leave this app but u will b in vein if ppl started leaving tgis app.
Gud job
Good
Please try to fix video uploads
Love it
Pl  good
Itz my thang  u know hay u gota luv it
Its great with all the games and messaging but the WiFi calling is terrible. I have above average speed of internet connection and all my friends do too but it takes 4 seconds for my voice to be heard and the echoing is unbearable and the voice will sound robotic, glitch out, and crash.
Almost every time I try to watch a video it cuts off and says "This video can not be played, an unexpected error has occurred." Its very annoying
Every time I watch a video it froze half way through it. Terrible. If the update doesn't fix it I am deleting it!!
Would have given 4 * last week but feed stopped. Reinstalled could not login, cleared data, checked settings but still without success. From comments it seems I'm not alone.
A lot of people saying bad things about the update we will see
I love facebook. Salman khan coming idd 25.072014 KICK
Fun stuff
Finedn
is good but has a few flaws like it being really slow
It's work nicely ...
Semd back face book
Tajinder dhanda
all
SLOW, FREEZES ..... WORST APP EVER
Can't edit my comments now.
Sooooooooooooooooo niceeeeeeeeeeee
Haven't had any issues since last update
Very nice
Best app in the world.
Gr8 app
Me love it
Stop changing Facebook.  I am sick of updating fb and it sucks.
Not bad
time line doesnt  update anymore. new updates are horrible
Samut
The best
arjaydelacruz820@yahoo.com
Needs to be easier access and a default option for "most recent" posts. App is a battery killer, too. Uninstalling.
Social Network
Ddffff
Quit updating!
I shouldn't be forced to update!  Without installing the update Everytime I tried to use messenger it logged me out. I'm one update from deleting fb!
Good
It needs to.be fixed and my Facebook is acting slow and it supposed to be fast and my Facebook messenger is very slow and not connected right
This is the best
It's good sites...
ITS NOT HELPFUL AT ALL!
satish
When I hit "MOST RECENT" I expect to see "Just Now" posts or posts that are several minutes up to an hour old, perhaps two hours at the most. I don't think posts marked as "YESTERDAY" should be included in "MOST RECENT". Can you NOT mix them up please? I saw them already and don't care to re-read posts from yesterday or more than 24 hours ago.
Still not the best
I uninstalled it because it keeps on crashing! now i tried to install it again, it wont this message will appear "unknown error -24". HELPPPP
All the best ........
I updated Facebook today and now its as slow as ever! It hardly loads the pics in my news feed and whenever I try to play a video it freezes and crashes! Please fix immediately! Thank you!!!
Download  best app for Facebook
Frezzes all the time takes to long to update current news
Ramlal
Superb!!!!
it keeps crashing! won't update my news feed, keeps telling me "error", not showing my messages, not happy!
Luved it wanna hated it dont download ..luved it.....dont download its hated it...
My pictures wont send in my messages!
GOod jOb
Very nice
After updating app is crashing again n again.
Love it
Videos automatically start playing,  even when I never attempt to watch them. Using up data quickly. 
love
The videos crash!!
useful
Love it
Love it
The update is doesn't work!!! please fix...
My special friend facebook
nice
Facebook sucks
Found my lost family members
I use it everyday
It's crash, please update
Awesome.....fb...updates
Do not like the update go back to old Facebook
Great
OmnakumaryRagaRaga@Facebookcom. Cod 81734
Beauty
Excellent :)
To all the people rating it 1 star, do yourselves all a favor and just uninstall it that simple. Save yourself the trouble
Cannot view most recent posts, news is not current, and all these updates are causing app to load/run much slower
I want recent updates not most popular. Please! After that I will give 5 stars.
Its one of my natural apps I can go on it without thinking. And it usually doesn't have any malfunctions
I love it
Gamed
Best aap and faster then ever
I loved it
Ever since I updated it, my phone has been slower and lagging due to it. It won't let me sync the contacts with my phone either.
Good
Crashes all the time
Life made easy with FB 
Its awesome hasn't let me down yet and just keep doing what you guys are awesome haha xD
Excellent!!!!!!
I love facebook :)
I love dis app ....
It's cool
Good
New update is quite fast.luv it.
I like facebook
Be cool
Nice in new version
A
Super app
Why we cant upload pictures? This is sh*t! Pls. Settle it ASAP!
I love facebook"
Why need space?its only updated..
Ali
Perfect Apps...
I love this app
Very good much improved.
It works really good and it has extra stuff thats cool
Anvi
icon keeps saying I have a notification but I dont. Im actually logged out
Why can't I watch video on this page it keeps on fail
Hated it
It's ok but not too good
I was just thinking the other day how nice the design of this app got over time. Then I updated the app, and now it looks like it went back to an old, ugly, cluttered version from years ago. Why??? Also, this app keeps taking up more and more of my device storage and memory. Uninstalling...
Facebook is the best :)
Good
Lol
Juzt
Nice 8
is going on?!? Y it ALways says i have a friend request even if i dont? And y r my friends randomly being blocked?
The update has slowed FB down.
opening slower...and when notification arrives it always hang my device....and i don't upload anything by it..
I.
Good
So yummy
There are certain apps that I enjoy seeing updates.  Sadly, Facebook is not.  I hate how i get peoples status updates from hours or even days ago.  Pictures don't always load.  I like the desktop version better.  Oh...and thanks for thinking you know what I like for the spam coming through the feed.  :-(
Running perfect on my droid ultra 4.4

Love love
Good
Don't like it
Va un poco lenta pero al ser gratis creo q es lo justo
I love it
So I was having issues with Fb and couldnt update it so I was told to uninstall and then reinstall. Now I cant install it all. What the hell FB? Error 498 I think it said. So now I have no Fb at all. Thanks!

Worst app ever take 2 much memory and nothing plays properly
Works smoothly
Good to use.
Perfect app for fb
I can't share things to the page I manage any more. I didn't even want to update. I need to go back and forth between my personal page and the page I manage. This update makes everything harder! Take back this update!!!
Facebook fantastic my friends
\(^_^)/
L
I love it
So much fun
G
Ive always liked faceboook
This is awsome because, u can text ur friends when ever u want. Some people dont have a phone to text people so they use facebook
This update really screwed things up...from being poor to just plain garbage... now I can't log in at all.... a black sceen.
Habib
With all the permissions it requires there is no way I will ever use this app
Nice app. On the go!
Horrible update!!!!! Don't waste your time doing it, I can't share something to "only one person" I regret doing it
I want the option to sort my feed by newest, rather than the random posts Facebook thinks I want to see. I end up seeing the same post over and over again but not all posts I wish I could see. I want control over what I view!!!!!
Facebook update sucks keep crashed and sloooooooow . Its wont save my videos . Before updates there was a option to save video .after updatex its sucks there is no option for save suckssssssss fix it  then.i give 5 stars
Amen
Facebook freezes my whole phone up whenever I try to open it. I have to get rid of it.
Its so nice
won't let me watch videos for some reason?? Please fix    Samsung galaxy 2 :(
I agree...updates cause more trouble than that are worth smh...allows my phone down for weeks after.
I love this app and it is great
Facebook
i like it
Another update and I can't get any pictures or video to load. I literally cannot use the app. I want to keep track of friends and family, but the only thing that will load is the texted post that went with the videos or pictures. I can't comment on their stuff if I can't even see what I'm commenting on! Uninstalled and will give the app one more try. But if things start screwing up again in a few days, I will forever be done with Facebook!
Gfvhhhtg
Aswame
Best application
The new updates sucks
Would let me see my picture when i save them from the messager
What?
It took very long to download
I hate it every update gives to much storage if It had 0 stars ill give yall 0srs
Love it
Great app
Facebook
Its just not my favorite app
Why cant i add pics to comments anymore???? Geez this app is disappointing!!!
Update sucks.

Verygud i luv it
When it stops force closing and actually updates my news feed and dont show me what someone did 18 hrs ago I will give a better rating till then u get 
Very entertainment
Best social network I recommend it
it was working perfectly but now it won't work. I logged out and  back it and it still won't refresh my news feed. It keeps saying error.
Using to much memory and doesn't fix any bugs. Makes it worse.
Mast
This update not worth the time and memories
Cannot access pending posts to approve them on the timeline. It tells me there is an error loading it. Removed the setting to approve and uninstalled/reinstalled and it still doesn't work!!

Very poor news feeds and video load up
I dont like the fact that most recent Is not an option. Seeing things from hours ago are really frustrating. Please fix this problem.
This new update is shocking. Crashes every time I use it. For an app that is used so often, you'd think it would work properly. Fix this.
Ali Khan
Cool app
good
FB says im using an old version, and need to update. This happens every time I use it, does not matter how many times I 'update'... Google Play just getting hooks into me?
Goodshit apps.
Loved it
Ever since I did the update it freezes.....I have rebooted my phone like 5 times in one day!
Love to using it
Keep me connected to my family on vacation
Bakwas hai
Just make it colorful cx
Crashes frequently and randomly, for no reason. Updates are useless, app still broken.
Nice fb app
But it's ok
Facebook jaalaa do party mein dhoom machaa do everybody
Does anyone even read the t&c's for this app anymore?
Great!
In one word to say about this app is simply ultimate. . . . .
Facebook
Hate that I have to see OLD post..but can't see 5 minutes ago..don't like the most recent not being a choice!!!
its best and fast
More greater than
Hiiiiiiiooioii
Good
Best app
Works well user friendly but keeps telling me to update and when I do it says its already done please fix
Ossm
Lady_ak20
It keeps crashing
Good
Now  "most recent"  works, but you can only post one pic at a time??  Seriously?  It's 2014!!  Get with the program!
Loved it
Worst.........
Slow download
I'll give d apps 4stars..
it wont load news feed. and it wont let me post either. this update sucks. maybe you should make an update that degrades the app. go back to the last version.
Primary teacher
Hmm not bad
U
Gr8 m8 I r8 8/8
You keep making it worse !! :/
Fine app....
after last updated i cant see any picture updated by my friends
Not as it use to be but still great
Dharmendra sah
Just when i updated my phone is going slow and what the hell is wrong with the timeline it just shows me what my friends do 3, 4  hours ago plzz fix it and i will give 5 stars
Mr
It takes to long to download but it rocks baby!!!
Dont update its sucks
I can't like or comment on anything hate this
Lov it
App spins wheels and hasn't updated with new info since I upgraded my OS to Kit Kat. Using Samsung galaxy s3. Please fix it!
People's home page (facebook) lol!!
i dont get anything good after your last updates. it just always the same and always eats lots of my cpu. better use update for good not to increase the size o this app to nothing.
Yfhg
Fix the updates
Keeping up with friends is faster than ever
Sandhya
pls stop with the updates...every other day????? be done with it....PLS...
WTF? Why it Crashes everytime I update it? Please fix this. ¡ª_¡ª
Crashes ever time it attempts to play a video.  Worked fine before the update.  Galaxy tab 2
Love
Lyan
Face book
Good one
Facebook helps me keep in contact wit friends from high school n family members who don't wanna talk on the phone
Facebook
Good going
The best
Over bloated with tracking cookies, each up date gets bigger, sucking more gb needlessly to user
It keeps crashing!!!
nice
Super
i lke it......its vry fst and ecy to do anythng.....
Gd ui improvements...
New update sucks!  Pictures and comments take forever to come up on my feed now :(
Crashes always I hate it now
1) this App dont warn us . When the likes are near to blocked by facebook........ 2) news feed show a post given before but not a new one . A big problem is number (2) ........ 3) your App too slow . Make it some faster fun....... Fix it and update it . I will give u 5 stars now i am giving 3 stars   plxxxxxx fix it
I luv fb I CNT go a day with out it in my life
In between updates it stopped working in updated apps ...please repair it ..
Awesome
Crashing, bad update
Constantly force closes, takes forever to load pictures, when I scroll half way down my news feed it starts to automatically refresh and take me back to the top my news feed. This app SUCKS!!!!!!!
If u wouldn't update every other day, would love soooo much better!!!!!! All these updates suck!!!!!! And messes up all my stuff!!!!!Very, very aggravating!!!!!!!!
Its no good
Poor I want to change my theme
i like it
Sexy cee
Has gotten better.
Satisfied
updated version doesnt work .. cant use the app
No Pooping on me
Big memo
Force closes everytime I use it after the update. Please fix.
Good
Facebook
App takes up too much Space and shuts down on me a lot or slow. Please fix and I will rerate. :)
Since I had updated it keep force close, then it freeze up my phone and take up too much memory and kill my battery can yall please fix it.
It a great way to keep in touch with family that are to far away to have face to face contact. Jk
I like it Its awesome
Takes to much memory it is ABSOLUTELY NO GOOD IN ALL ASPECTS FIX IT!!!!!!!!
Love it
It use to much memory
softly using
Sadly the only way I can stay in contact with people but other than that anybody funding, supporting, 'improving' and using Facebook can just die
need some modifide
Wp
Loved it
Works amazing
I did it
9644579717
Good
Looking forward for it
Need some updates .. My facebook keep frezzin everytime i get on
It's the best
Lovely
love it always
Love it

Can't view video album on every page. When i play a video that show up on my time line. It always buffering EVERY SECOND.
Nc good
.....
Its alot better, than before
Yep. This latest update pretty much sucks. Why the default setting to random posts from hrs & days ago? In order to see the Most Recent posts I have to keep resetting my page-ANNOYING! And it's not even possible to just uninstall the update--I'm now stuck with this crappy format. Wish I never pressed "Update".  :[    p.s. Minus 1 more star for the auto-play videos, the SLOW loading photos, & the irritating random jumps back to the top of my News Feed page as I return from checking out a pic or link.
Why?
Realy good
Turtles are cool
Ok
Load to slow
BURRASHEEET
:)
It stopped working after I tried to up load a video. I don't like these updates
Can't open my notifications
Marco
Love it
Sucks, like always.  Nothing loads right and whenever i go to open it brings me to the app store instead of the app itself. Might just be my phone, but i kind of doubt it. Facebooks just bad.
Awesome!
Good
This is my first time that I use Facebook so I hope those who know me will follow me .  Just another word to the wiser it says Rodriguez but it is Castaneda Trying to go back to my maiden name its a work in progress.
Problem occurred while downloading.  It stopped several times
Has many friends
Can't leave a status. And can't comment today.help
Whats wrong with new feeds, it doesn't update time to time rather we have to refresh it manually#
I love it , Please add the option to write replies on comments .
Good
Love it
Stop all the updates!
This new update will notify me that someone posted something or shared something yet when I actually open the app and go to notifications it won't load. My news feed won't load and whenever I try and view something it crashes. Horrible update.
always good social network
They suck either takes to long or says not enough space and I know I have the room
Lololol
K.N
IOS phone
Clean
Freezes my phone! WTF!
I Did the update and since then my phone freezes shuts off and runs very slowly
gipp
Its help me to connect with my friends
Updates have caused the app the freeze.
Mi
No se actualiza llev¨® tres dias y nada !! :/
I like this app
Finally a well working app

Good App
*****
Messaging is pretty bad, but otherwise all good.
Saiful isala
Easy connect to love ones
Better now!
Facebook
I like Facebook, just not loving the updates. And I can't even look at my messages or message people because it says please download messenger.
love yhis app
Pretty good app I mean I do not like updates and not really facebook.
Can't have anything else downloaded while i have this
sucks
hi, this apps is faster than past apps. its gives a easy view of vedios.becoz if  we want to seen any vedio without download..
Awesome
A FB fan
THE BEST
Dying to see it
Facebook
Wanted me to delete everything off my android to make space for this app. Uninstalled it!!
It was okay until it makes me cannot read some of my Notifications no matter how much i click on Open...
Cool
Chants. Wussy
For some reason this app is not syncing my FB friends to my contacts?? And there is no option to do so.
Superb app
stop updating!
WTH
Grande, lento e torra bateria
It take a long time to download
But .. slow
it from the internet and chat is open at random times. It also records anything my phone might hear like conversations and they save all audio.
Please update and quit annoying me.
I can talk to my friends thanks to facebook
Good
Useful app
I dunno what happens, sometimes this app runs really slow :( fix it!
3s3r3e raw e33esq2
Update is awful.
Great app but all these updates are getting old fast and eating up WAY TOO MUCH SPACE!!! Ive been forced to delete other apps to keep this SO STOP ALREADY!!!!!!
lyka
Sip
Good day
Excellent app use it all the time
It keeps crashing... icant access to my accnt.
Facebook
Love it
Nice apps
Goog
Dapatkn facebook nama norizah bt abd rahman almt no16  tgkt 3 blok e jln pasir pelangi perumahan rakyat iskandar johor. Bahru johor darul takzim 80150 hp 017-7301835
Kfk
Did the update but made it worse now I cant play videos from my news feed
Every update ruin it more and more keep crashing and it has a stupid design new navigation style is too dump kill who came with this idea
Great
When I press on the app to see what is going on it comes right up u need to install it.
Crap, Crap, and even more Crap, don't bother wasting your data downloads on this one!
Why do you take bribes from Apple to make Facebook lagy on Android???? Are you going to do the same to instagram too I will sue if you don't fix this very soon thank you  HTC Rezound
Makes my phone so much slower
Awesome awesome awsome
G.h.butt
I can't scroll down. After some feed automatically force closed facebook. Please update video player to check remaining time without pausing video
Hi
It's nice
Good
I cannot download the app. I get an error code -24 when I try to download it. Not happy. Been having this issue for a month.
Slower, after updates. Sucks even more internet data.
Bestt
The update won't let me open the app idu whats wrong with it but fix it
very good application i am enjoy it
I love that
I updated this app bc It was freezing my phone, forcing the the app to close. After the update it still does the same thing. Also only supposed to be a certain amount of mb it ended up being almost twice as much. Definitely displeased
Facebook videos will stop playing. "unknown error occured" will then appear. Will have to try to play videos a few times only then the whole video will be played smoothly. Please do something about it.
Its is a super goody
New updates are really screwed up. News feed doesn't lo as d or reset. My news feed is stuck at 17 hours ago what's up with that. Please fix and quite changing the position of the buttons.  On new updates it's like having to relearn fb. Please fix quickly.
I love it
After Facebook update wouldn't let me comment on posts,  in posts it shows red exclamation point and says will retry , but never posts
I love my fb
Lucky
Facebook is a fun way to reinact with my friends I give it two thumbs up
simbah
Why don't you have one yet like 9gag? Works well and has saved me countless times!

Hmm

Its all right
Love it
y
I've been using feature points for a few weeks know. And it's so simple to earn points that you can exchange for prizes. You can get pay pal cash, Amazon gift cards, iTunes gift cards. Etc. ,try it out and  use this referral number to get 50 free points for signing up. ENKS75
Constant freezing...
What's it all about?
HoseavannIII Pastor
Please guyz fix this please ... I WANT TO WATCH THE VIIDEOS IN MY OWN APPS .please guyz please please make it plllllllease
Video freezes on me all the time.
Not only phone lag when using it, but also the conspiracy going around about the app voice recording 24/7 is slightly concerning.
The app is not at all downloading properly
Even after updating it lags out and much more issues !

Using too much memory
Poorly coded, intrusive, and doesn't flow smoothly at all.  These issues only seem to get worse with each update.
face book
Nice!!!!
try it.
It's very easy to anyone of ur friends & group
Moved to friendcaster it actually works
Well it's getting better alittle at a time.
9893041
.
Like it keeps crashing and goes very slow and sometimes when I like a post photo ect it will unlike by itself mainly for android users it will shut down and act really stupid fix asap
Great
Cant update my news feed, keeps on crashing,your last update sucks
Horrible!!! Everysince the last update it constantly quits responding and freezes up!!!!
I was using the old version but notification kept on disturbd me. Update nd get faster.  I updated it. Nw again disturbed by itz pooooooor performance.. Itz slow. It nly shows 12hrs before what had happened. Is that update???? Plz do something.
I love my Facebook for my android, its like my most used app
Works really great
0590362640
Its really bad I can't watch videos
Ana Ortega
Most resent got moved and you cant set to default which is stupid. If a message appears or anything you must get out of it and start again.
Wow
Love it
One of d best social media ever
It hangs alot
Sajadshahir
gggg
Needs to stop showing outdated news feeds where it should be showing current ones. Otherwise works fine on my S3
Since the latest update, the application has been freezing and crashing!
ITS CALLED INSTAGRAM PEOPLE!!!!!!
Always one step ahead.
I love This app
It will be great if the custom list privacy feature can be edited in the app the same way it works with the web version.
I'll let you decide lol.
It keeps crashing...

Too big to work out problems.
How do i turn post notifications off? I can do it on a desktop but how do i do it via mbole?
Everytime i play a video after that the app will crash automatically.
Won't download keeps freezing:/
heyy i like the application of Facebook and the messenger app and i hope you , Facebook check my suggestion.. using air view or s pen to view the poster'profile in a little form in news feed when i bring close my finger to his lonk and it shows the name the photo the cover and some info.. thanks
I like facebook alot
Love it
One touch to go Facebook without browser.very fast that's why I give u 5 stars
I don't like the update. The option to "stop notifications" after you comment on a post is gone! I used that option all the time! Also my "most recent" isn't always showing the most recent. I love fb! The update before this bad update, was great, for the first time I had no issues opening and using fb. Please put it back the way it was.
Ok
supper
Love it
I changed my password out of know where some dumbass was able to hack in my Facebook please fix!
J
It is good I'm connecting with my friends and it's working great
M¨¤ddox
All of the sudden the fb app started freezing EVERY TIME i used it. I used to love the app but now it never works. What happened?
Like it
Thanks for stopping forcing me to dl that bloody messenger
Waqas mughal
I love it
Facebook company my facebook is going crazy it comes up wi update new fb and when i do it doesnt work can you fix this for me before i chip it out the window
Awesome
Very nice
Cool
bhezkie1
But some things need to be fixed
Absolutely terrible, pictures dont load, cant view previous comments doesn't refresh, why move everything around? The last few updates have been a total waste of time and fully ruined the app. Just awful, makes me want to smash my phone up.
Good
Nice
Excellent
Cant used.
The updates are not good at all.
Cool
This app crashes a lot and has many bugs to be fixed
Good
Stupid. Really stupid.
htt/brazuil/www/com
Balal       Sema
Qurban abbas
Let me watch videos . It always stop & never play
Ever since the update, it has been lagging,  and locks up, but the Facebook team fixed it quickly, and back to five stars!
4321 Kash
Æ·a¨Þ¨Þh
Its not working right. It keeps crashing and shutting down even if I have full service.FB should do something to fix the "UPDATE" which as you scroll down and see its more of a downgrade. I think I might just get rid of FB all together. Oh and stop spying on what I google or look up and see in an email. I look something up on google and guess what FB suggest I like something that is related to what I googled. WTF.
Fb wouldn't work after update so I uninsalled it and reinstalled and the app can not even open.
Nicee
God with me always
Crash too mamy times recently
Always keeps me updated on everything. If not for this app I would be wandering through the woods alone trying to figure out what the crap is going on.
Incredible
Its facebook, what else to say
Sheralikhan00@outlook.com
This is great
Dis app is very smart n fleshy to use Bt wat I don't like  is  I dnt see my chat room
Waste of time! Really sucks!! Time killer!!
.
Lag
Can't sort stories
Awesome
I LOVE THE APP
e monate
This is Facebook amazing app i loved it
Super
I love it
Cant stop using it.
Error when trying to play videos
Nice one,i love it.
I love this app but it takes up to much space
Honestly I liked the old version more please get a new update soon
Pls fix it
Used to be horrible and slow. Now its getting faster & easier to manage.
Had issues with the app so I uninstalled, now it won't let me install at all.  Keeps giving me a error code. Please fix
Figured id give it a 5 for the convenience factor...at least I check it more then my email right? Other than that it just takes space on my phone
Kept crashing  ..  couldnt view pictures videos etc ...  iv uninstalled in re installed  several times  .. uninstalling for good  ..  painfull experience ..
Please allow this app the option to be placed in phone storage.
Newest updated locks up Facebook every 3rd time I have it open.. have to force stop through settings.  Ridiculous.
E legal mais e lento
:@
Every time im on it now it just freezes up & closes. I dnt understand. Its already boring this makes it easier for me to not get on period
Fix the app and there Is no option for comment replying
Awsome
Ive had enuf. Speechless
One of the best apps ever
Super..... easy to use......
I just use mobile Facebook to communicate and keep yp with family!  On the phone its tricky,  I see more , popular and old posts first.  Which is weird,  but I log in on my laptop more.
Updated and unistalled and still crashes now removing app just not worth it
My  data on my phone sucks!!I don't have that much stuff on my phone.  It call and text people when you don't want it stream shot in your eat while you  talking.  I have keep cut it off to re booth saying out of network. Phone do too much took it the store broke it down twice to up date then they told a tower was down by my house always something but all I need is a new phone not a  defective phone. Thanks
I love this
Every update makes the app worse and worse, what is the point????
I don't know what is going on with fb but it keeps crashing and locking my entire phone up.  I DO NOT like the new timeline whatsoever,  it does not update even when I refresh. It constantly reports yesterday and the day before news. Uninstalled the app because whats the purpose of wasting useful space.
Can't delete messages in the mail. It always says error when deleting the last message.
Fstsg
Modipane
Awesome
Having issues with new update...  if I try to do something, FB just closes.
Super
Live it keeps me up with everybody.
*I still stand by all of this even after the newest update.* This update is HORRIBLE!!!! Can't stand the top stories!!! And notifications are not updating like they should! My newsfeed won't even load %90 of the time! Not to mention WAY too many ads!  I would give 0 stars if I could! HATE IT!!!!!!!!!! FIX IT!!!!
Hes
Freezes and crashes
Its faster and quicker
ennokeno
Nice
Could be better if videos played, it says an unknown error has occurred then the app crashes.
Love facebook
Communicating with ppl made easier... Good source of finding ppl..
I love it
Every time I try ti add some one I have log in every time n it doesnt update the news feed correctly it will uodate from 24 hrs before IM A BIG FACEBOOK FAN BUT AFTER THIS UPDATE I thought about deleting it
Up dat ing
GoOGle pLy is very bAd
No 1
Its a Love Hate relatonship. Step Up privacy. New update is a data hog :/
For the glitches and not having it where it doesn't have a option to not add  your. Face book contacts on your phone 3 stars
Fb
Yes sir
Rouba muita mem¨®ria!!
I like this
Better now.
:*
Ya
Freezes every time I upload a video, and then I have to uninstall and reinstall it just so it won't bug out my phone.
Works OK on motto x
updated version hangs. many times. total waste.
Slowed it down. Keep getting error loading news feed message. Screwed it up. Changed from 2 stars to 1. Awful update!!!
post from 2 hours ago..it says..."just now."..some days ago....even after refreshing the page..post from 20 hours ago would appear as new news feed...what r u guys trying to do...keeps on crashing...
Z4s zzzzz Dr  rs z4sz4z4zsszs4zz4ss4zs4z t 44 TCS 44444444444444444445445544444454445444544444454444444 r 4444 t 444444444444544444444r XX4z4z4zs4z4z4s4z4z4zzzzz4zs4sz4zzRyanzsz44444rRNA4rds4z4s4zzz4zzz4zs4szsz4z444z444sX did x4 Dr Rd De Rd d Xc ex; 4d Rd; x4dd4d4d4d
Works great
Ease app mui excellente
The latest version won't let you share in a private message. Also won't let you post from another app to someone else's page. Crap.
I found & contacted many of my family & friends I haven't reached in years!! :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-)

When I unfollow someone it still keeps showing their posts. Also switching between a profile and page so as to use Facebook as my business etc is awful. I end up just having to use the browser
Like the status update widget. Great app, syncs or works fairly well with several other android-based applications that login to/use facebook.
Great
No option for custom privacy (to say, exclude people or lists). Why not???
:-):-):-)
K
Nice
Love Facebook app
So now my time line freezes every time I scroll all I see is post from yesterday, not able to see my videos in albums messages don't show up....I'm disgusted with this app.
This app helps me keep up !
What happened to the contacts syncing to my phone option?!?!?!
@@
Soszusdu onun kimi bir way yoxdu
Awesome
Get together
They stink!!!
How come when there is an updated something else goes wrong fix bugs. I'm being tagged in post and I can't see nothing. What's wrong with this about ready to deactivate my page. Fix fix fix this
Easy to use.
So much fun
It want open most the time! And it takes a lot of  memory
I, myself just getting into it.k.j.c. kenny (alug                eh!   Again trying to hook up on APTN
Since last update it doesn't work worth a poo.. doesn't tag friends locks up all time and randomly signs out.. on Samsung s4. .. Please fix....
Lil,bone
Crashing, can't correct misspellings,  taking you to different posts that you don't click on, so much, much more thats wrong. Hate it!!
jamil.Mj7@gmail.com
Good
I like this Facebook pages .
Love this app no lag at all  brill I can  talk to my friends anywhere
Brilliant
Good got mate in australia  talk to him every day from facebook
Watching video after that it crashes and every update takes my phone memory run low and automatically crashes when in posting pictures or update status
Face book is awesome
Love it
Love it
Great
Cool
This new update keeps freezing and slow booting up .Will rate different when fixed.
Won't download and if it do it says error please uninstall an try again.
K
Awesome app
I enjoy it
It is a loving app if u dont have messy people on it and dont be messy
Lol  stop making failure  updates!! Bugs errors and errrr... can't even replay on comments!! Common
I had to uninstall the update. Updates are to better not change completely.
The last update now causes my app to freeze out of nowhere. It only seems to do this when I check my notifications.... Which is frustrating.
Good to keep in touch with your friends and see what they have been doing!
Love it
More
Sucks!
Not the best update
This is not a 4*app you lying toads. Just look how many people are giving it 1* but only because they can't give it 0* 's This app is the worse :-( Still CRAP !! Still crap even after multi updates
Great application for everyone..!
Someone is stupid
Too much updating
why eat too much memory of the phone? fix it! where is the option for most recent post???
Who doesn't check FB on their mobile or tablet, so this app is pretty essential. Has all the functions I need for browsing and posting, but it's a large size app and the permissions are comprehensive. That's FB all over though
so far so good,,
Jow to fast?
This new "update" sucks!!
Its now hanging, I no longer enjoy it I need help please
Videos don't play
This barely works and when it does its days late, its slow and full of glitches, after uninstalling this application my tablet has become faster.
Rommeo
Something bullshit!
Need to undates my facebook cover not for the public to see only friends.
After the last update Facebook is slow or stops responding. In order to get out of the app I need to exit thru the task manager.
Fail fail fail can't even watch whole videos
Really great app
Uses facebook
Check in doesnt work. I have GPS enabled and it wont use it. Uses too much memory
Loved it
I like it
Facebook
It is so easy using this app
Awesome!! Esoeccially the new update
FB keeps crashing and have been trying to update it for weeks now. Keep getting timed out.
This app keeps locking up!!! Its annoying!!!
Lately causes lots of bugs and "errors".
Its boring in a way
Not loading pictures that fast anymore
Good!!!!!!!
It keeps dropping th download christ this fb page is my eulogy im sick all u have.is tnis.droid
It even keepz.reloading the stsrs im deleting .and now
Enginering
MonicaRome Love You Sexy
Killing the app so much now ..
Since I updated wont refresh and wont add new stories to the profile...its gettind slower and slower MAKE IT FASTER AND LIGHTER!
La recomiendo ^-^
with this update i can't play videos i've got the message : sorry an error occured when trying to play this video.
Facebook
Cool
No matter how you look at it it brings every one together again I love it
There are a few problems since the last few updates. When I launch the app, it self closes after a few seconds. Please fix this issue so that I can give 5 stars. Otherwise, it's a prefect app.
Like elemento
Love it
Not a bad app, but I'm sick of it switching to Top Stories! I want to see the most recent ALL THE TIME. Please change this
Exellent
Love it
Superrb
Love it get to talk my friends
Facebook
d ter
Always make an update? But nothing change. Only make my phone memory full huh..

I
Need fix for the amount of its battery consumption and it is a ram hog, the amount of ram it takes is a huge concern!
Records you without notice. Has ability to go through pics, texts, contacts.... Illuminati
Worst app ever
Looking at my timeline and it will update to the top of the page randomly. Bullshit! PLEASE FIX AND PLEASE LISTEN TO ALL THE PROBLEMS!
Smart softwere
Wicked
Its rubbish since the update always crashes get this sorted
Its hella good
Good app could use some improvement
Your last update sucks...theres no option to control newsfeed....
You will love it
FB FML
Takes up lots and lots of space... uses over 100mb ram which is just a joke... lags out the phone like crazy... please fix or change this...
Takes up too much space, can't download
Aoswom
Great overall but sucks up data
Good
Useful for all condition
Easy access
Nice
good use app
399785
It is soooooooooooooooo slow
Sure would be nice to see the most recent posts and not just the one Facebook wants me to see.
Buncwadi
I love it:*
Like it meet new friends & talk with old freinds
It is good
Would love it if it had  private settings again.
Fcbook
Memuaskan bagi semua pengguna
Sucks......
Like it
the only thing I would like you to change is to go back to the old layout
Loving it
It suck it loads long and its not so funn
Love it
Latest update SUCKS!!!! Why can't FB figure out we want to see posts in chronological order, and not in whatever order they want to show us???????
Works great
Is a very great updates for me. Thank you Facebook.                                       Customer.
It is what it is.
Yeahhh
For some reason, Facebook will no longer sync with my phone. I go into the settings and turn sync on, and then it turns right back off. Sucks.
Always force closing itself
Facebook you need to work with Sony to make videos play fully on Sony Xperia Devices. My Z2 always gets an error. 2 months of this now!!!!
I don't care what people did 20 hours ago nor should I have to navigate to see the most recent posts from my friends. ALSO, for the past couple of days, Me, along with other users cannot receive our notifications unless we UNinstall & REinstall 
whish I could deleted fb but ...
It does not show my videos and I'm not the only one who's experiencing this problem.
Hate that you have to crop photos to fit your profile picture causing half your head to be cut off.
Very good n exciting n hot yohhh!!!
On my android phone keeps force closing...need to fix! When it doesnt do that app works excellent ...
I should have considered the reviews. It made my tab dead slow and hangs all time. At times it reboots on its own.
Huawei g700
Since the last update I can't do anything wit tis app. It force close the minute I open it. I can't post status can't comment can't check in can't write on peoples walls it totally sucks at the mo & only for I love keeping in contact wit family & friends abroad id uninstall it!!! Please fix immediately :( :(
faltu
the best...
Best
So many bugs and suddenly crashing please make an useful update. The same problems after every update !
Annn brond st.Pa ul
Still working in a piece so,5stars
Sooooo!gud
I'm so not liking the new update... Everything I see is from weeks ago or from yesterday... change it back!!! Videos don't play or it crash
dont advertise updating will make it faster abd it clearly made it slower..
Some times not load
Its tooo good
Ok, I gave this update a try, and it sucks. It's NOT faster, and it keeps showing me old status updates that I don't care about. Facebook, quit updating with crappy, unfunctional "advancements". Also, "top stories" sucks. You have NO IDEA what I want to see.
Gud apps
Excelent update ..
We can send n reseave msg very guickly n alos know some one .
Why does it always say error saving the photo???!!! Like seriously.i had uninstall ajd install this app since forever
Good app
Superb ....
Terlalu sering update dan semakin besar memory yang harus digunakan
Magnificent
Out makes 3G work like 0.00003G. Worst app, sucks
L
I click on Facebook icon won't even open just crashes
This is just as bad, if not worse than the desktop version. Sorry Facebook, you're becoming far too overbearing and demanding of my information. Enough is enough. Sick of the pervasive advertising and underhanded methods of jamming said advertising down my throat. Also fed up with the completely unjustifiable permissions. Removed from my devices.
Thanks
Nothing extraordinary, works like it should
I just updated like 10 minutes ago, and I can't even open the app. Please fix this it's making my phone lag really bad!
I just love it.
I would love to make vedio call on it
Tell the facts & the truth YOU SPAMMERS! stop F in bitchin about the faults with app then rating it 5 stars YOU SPAMMERS! The Facebook Android App needs a fast improvement. The only good fact about the Facebook Android App is the fast reliable connection in 2.5G signal range and that's very impressive.
Allwaysconnect google
Now I cannot post anything on my wall or on friends' walls. "Something went wrong. Try again."
Love it
It keeps  crashhing after update
Crashes, won't load, won't show notifications. 'No Internet Connection' appears regularly. Please fix.
KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK!!
i lovee it is awsome
Right
It sucks to not be able to see the most recent posts. All I see is posts from days before. Terrible update
Is okay but when someone puts a video it said sorry a problem had occured trying to play it plz fix it ASAP
This is a good app..But in my opinion it needs little more improvements.
Voice massage are slow pls fix it
Don't take this its a warning
I get to comment on people's picks on Facebook
Some posts I can't return to upon a notification, and the app randomly force closes halfway through a post or upload. Terrible app.
In think this app works amazing
Awesome
Application
Can't preview my pics that I want to upload
Liked it somuch
Alam
Wow
SLOW! Not as intuitive as its iOS counterpart. Keeps the device awake even when logged off, and sucks too much battery even when not used.
Amazing but it goes slow when it starts up but once it gets going its an amazing app
Works just like its suppose to like an app...
Really wonderful place to reach people and intreact with them.....
O
I love this AWSOME FACEBOOK!
Great
Sucks. Does not let me update
Think hi h
Why would it need access to my mike and camera let alone my pics?! Sounds like spyware to me! Screw this, I should close my home page if this is what social is all about!!!!!!
Nice
Good experience
Very  slow
Worked great till update. Now it crashes n i cant watch videos!!!! Smh
Good
Good apps
Facebook all close friends Contact please me  Hi friends
This wont install on my phone, it uninstalled itself when I had it before
Hang
This update is the worst
My Facebook app does not want to update. ... It says unknown error has occurred. .. Why is that? ??
Ygtgugrfig
Love
Thought created you're future
Lag, doesn't load, basically the app is too large and makes my phone spaz out, freeze and stop responding to the point i gotta pull the battery out just to reset the phone. Im uninstalling and using the browser from now on. Useless.
It faster now :):):):):) so happy
newportnews  va.
Lol
It's straight b
Updates...sucks!! Pls make updates to improve the performance rather making it crash all the time..
Upload
Thanks
One
Virker som den skal
I really don't like the new updates. Now I can't even open it from the app I have to use the browser what's the point
EasyShare the same time .
Allotted
Tried uploading videos and half of the screen is Grey WTF!!  Sooo annoying!! And I choose not to receive notifications and I still do!!
Hate the updates and changes
Brillant !!!
Still no option to default to most recent.  Apparently, whoever is responsible can't read.  Multiple comments expressing the same problem and nothing changes. Useless app. Again.
User friendly,, thank u developer
I have updated to the newest fb version and every time I try to access it sends me back to update. I am about to uninstall forever!
So good
Love it
very good app
REALLY? I CANT ACCESS SOME OF MY POSTS. LAGGING TOO. WONT LOAD ANYTHING EITHER. THIS APP IS FOR EVER BROKEN!!!!!!!!!!!
B
Slower and slower every update.
It the best
Please make it movable to sd card
Love it
Since i deleted facebook for games and when i was reinstalling it.It doesnt work any more pls creators of this app do something about it if you will do something about it and why do we need google play services for facebook thats it dogz
Is okay but it won't let me put pictures up so I'm going to try again
Tina
Kia bc ajeeb chutiapa h update mat kro mc.
My life .-.
V.v.v.gd
Ever since Facebook updated, it won't allow me to watch video!! Why not??
I entered my password correctly but it says it is wrong
But its still slow
Oman
ri8! thats why she is eligible to have 5*.
Love u facebook(daily book)
Keeps crashing and closing down running badly on Samsung s3
It is something
Really late and always crushed..
Forced to take the update I'd heard horror stories about and it freezes my phone so bad I have to remove the battery to restart the phone. Not going to lose work doing a hard reboot because your update isn't an improvement in any way.
Takes Up A Lot Of Space
shade
Explain to me whose birthday is Dec 31, 1969? It always appears as a comment in random posts. This new updated liked to randomly refresh my page while I'm MID scroll through my feed. If I wanted to refresh it I would do it myself!
This app is great but wayyyyyyyyy to many security obstacles,in fact this fukn sucks
I did not update and it was working fine.. But I had to uninstall the app. When I installed it again. It downloaded the latest update.. It doesn't even launch. It tells me to uninstall..... Updates are supposed to make apps better. Not make the app worse.... Please consider taking it back to the old version
Gud
Really like it but its put all my friends contact in my phone -_-
Love u
nic...
It's Facebook....
Will not stay on keep on force  close
Keeps getting worse !!!
Facebook is still head and shoulders above all others.

Great.
So far so god so what is your problems. Peace for Earth... Peace for Gaza Peace for ur self.
Plz make it more better...although it is good...
tai
Horrible!
1) When pressing continue reading for any post, the comments show up, which is so stupid facebook. You need to press it twice to show the rest of the post 2) When scrolling down, some videos play automatically without even pressing on them. Please stop this feature because it is data thirsty and would consume the whole data allowance so quickly.
It's really slow and the timeline only updates what post was made like 4 days ago. Fix the timeline and make it faster and I'll give it a 5.
good facebook
Want previous update back. After update the letest version picture won't load in my wall post..... 
I don't care that there is a marginally faster Facebook.  Stop asking me to contribute to your download numbers every time I log in!
Super awsome
When I choose to turn off notifications, it's because I REALLY don't want to be bothered with what everyone else is saying about a photo or comment. The option appears sometimes and then, it doesn't work. Please fix this.
Robel Mia
Still can't login! My net. is just fine...
Keeps crashing on my xolo q1000 opus .. Restarts my phone automatically . hate d app . fk it
Beautiful
Horrible update. Takes forever to load anything now. Faster my a$$
Updated version is works pretty smoothly...
To be the best you must be able to handle the worst.
External sunshine of the spotless mind
Jan
Love it
Ok
Good...
Great app
crashes
Poor
Awesome game's
Good
This whole new bullcrap time line thing is stupid. Seriously, why in the heck would anyone want to see something today that was talked about 6 months ago? Original timeline design was better, why jack it up and make it worse? Movies wont play, so whats the point? I dont understand why you are downgrading.
P.mistry
it is amazing but when i search for my friends most probably i dont find them
Nice
Its Facebook. What more csn I say?
Buy everyone and make you big! Good strategy!
When it turn tu news feeds scrol facebook not responding and out from application
Narender .Modified
The Facebook app and updates amazingly improved in quality compared to what they were a year ago!!
Like it
Awesome
I like this
It wqs okay until the hies.
Plz give option of copy nd paste the text
App
This Is Soooooo Bad......
Yes
It's amazing and helping to connect with friends always
Shirley petty
I don't want to know what my friends did YESTERDAY.
Its really cool
I like facebook
good
Hair spa salon MURFREESBORO TN
Worst update ever!!! Its always force closing and doesnt update statuses. Fb you suck!
It sucks now I can't insert pics on posts from my phone does not work with all my other apps.....update sucks
Facebook :-*

I have a galaxy s 3 & since recent updates I cant change my cover photo on my phone. I have to do it on my pc. Also, when I click on a picture it will open but switches to the wrong pic (previously uploaded pic) almost every time. Doesnt sync with my contacts anymore either. Oh & cant delete comments. Just uninstalled & reinstalled & now i cant log in. Ugh.
Nice app ever
Love it
Great apssss
Imran Ali Raza
Iloveyou
It was OK but it could be better
It doesn't download. It keeps saying "unknown error occurred"  omg!!! Fix it.
Too heavy
This app NEEDS to have the ability to be moved to a SD card.
update is a big mess for this app not geting even a single notification
Newsfeed keep not refreshing, error loading timeline... I have to close down the whole app to get latest news :( Keep crashing, not responding, sucks so bad, please fix :(
Jaynatilal
Vahid Memon
OK
Now I can't get into my pending notifications.  No clue what's back there or what's been posted without my permission!  Fix it!
Gurnoor gill
No access to delete or edit post.
Facebook
It's fun and you see your friends
Does not show the picture entirely. You have to crop it into a square.
If we use Facebook for good purpose but some people doent so they are wrong
Nice f.b fast
Good
The news fees is not in the order it should be it shows 1 hour update then shows the day before please fix the news feed then the app would be great
I still prefer the old version of Facebook and is much way better then the update !!!
Best app going its the fifa world cut today germany will win and u no it
Twinkle twinkle super star facebook is the fantastic star
Fb is just wonderful keep in touch with friends
Thanks again and again I have been made by the way to
it keeps me in touch with my family and friends
It works very good and you dont have to search it on the web
Great way to keep up with friends and family out of state
Convience
I like to talk to my friends on facebook <3
Functions for the most part but loves to close itself without warning
Timeline sucks,put it back to the way it was !!! I want a current news feed,not what YOU want me to see !!!!
awsm new version
Hope good
i want to see the most recent. but i only can see the top stories. please fix it.
Don't update this version
Good
Tired of Facebook in general cluttering my news feed with what my friends like or ads of pages I should like that I already like. Even after editing what I see on my timeline I still don't see the pages I want to see, the few people left I follow all I get is their likes. Missing out on stuff from pages I do like not showing up. Make this the Facebook we want, not the one that makes money off of us
All the world peopel like it in fb.......
Updates r useless..fb is nt responding ???
Allah bakhsh
Fantastic.....
Great
Try it..
It worked better before now it continues to crash and wont play videos...
Speechless
It freezes all the time I see videos on timeline fix it plz
I liked my cool updates on fb by hot likes on my pics
This app is very good work
but it won't let me play videos
It always crash on my phone: (((
I love facebook but all the updates you guys are doing suck. I cant upload any of my pictures or videos
This app is kinda alright but it's too many old people with a face book page now
thank u
The best app to talk to your friends!!! I recommend it!!!
Its a great app
Facebook
One of the best app
Add friends and text plus send photos  too
Had to uninstall this app, so who gonna give me my time back, ugh Samsung do better
Loved it
How hard is it to listen to people. Make 'Most Recent' the default feed. Or at least give people the option. Instead, you make it harder to find. I constantly click on the wrong menu option because all you did was shuffle everything around.
Good
I get to talk to all my family but the calls suck please fix it in ordor to give 5 stars
While playing a video,in middle the video gets crashed.... What's wrong with this update...
Awesome!
It does what it's supposed to.
Great way to stay connected.
Still plays videos when I exit videos
Wants permission to access everything.
Chef neshat bobeski
My face like book
Keeps crashing and doesn't upload timeline and also it keeps taking me off it... Fix it!!!
Its awesome superbbb but 1 problem profile pic repeat do so new likes old likes is erase nd pic is new
Social site alwys update me about my frds .....
Love it so cool
It keeps telling me to update the app, but when i open it in Google Play it doesnt offer the option to update it.
Fb is an important part of my life... This mobile fb is really good. But I wish you guys should bring some reforms to get as fast as new updates very soon. All an all very much nice app....
News Feed should be set to most recent by default, or at least users should be given a choice between top stories and most recent feeds. Group media should b more easily accessible. Considering immediate removal.
Suresh mohanpuriya
I like it...
Take too much space. Make the device slow
Sufiyan
Nice
like it
Still must not read comments much after updates????  just did update and now can't save any pics. Says "error saving picture". When opening app sometime won't open, forces close. Does this A LOT!  What is going on!??????
U cant make this stuff up cool
hmmmmmmm
Hate the news feed
Wow
My old un updated version worked just fine. This one is useless!
Very intresting app
Its nice App.
I like fb
Its not working with my Micromax A72
Its a very poor Update till now.....crashes in between ...everytime... 0 star
Facbook
0 stars!! Worst app in the play store! Every1 involved in the making of this app should just do use all a favor and drive off a cliff
B
Awsome
Awesomely nice
slow
The performance of current release sucks also I'm unable to post comments on my timeline, uninstalling till fix
artcia59@gmail. com
New update sucks wish it was the older version. Used to be 5 now 1
Better than ever
Great
Not a fan of the new look & interface. Seems more complicated & clunky than the last version.
Super
Fffffffbbbbbbb
I like it
Excellent social ntw site
Its cool fb..
This app is not working nice they have many problem for hanging
Its ok
Way too many "updates" too many places to touch so you are always hitting the wrong thing. Still it is a quick way to check FB.
Good
Luved it...ol d tym addicted to dis
Good
Not so good..it's Ok
Bigest bugbear that I have with this that you can't change the font size or zoom in. Otherwise OK.
This new version sucks. If I could give it 1/2 star I would.
Easier access to feeds friends and status. Plus love the new facelift. I rate a 5.
Do you guys even try these "updates" out before you force them on your users? Newsfeed won't load, notifications won't load. Have installed and uninstalled 3 times. I had to use my phone to report the problem to Facebook since you can't even report a problem since that won't load either. I am just angry I updated this app on my tablet. Because now, I have to use my phone for Facebook. Definitely seeking another form of social media since Facebook has become more about money than the users who have made it the social media giant it is today.
It is my passion and way
App works great ! No problems
Some times too much straked and slow then am disapointed after restarted
Fast good lkn out fb keep it up
Keeps in touch with family across the miles
Loving
I love getting on Facebook and also there's no ads plus it's very fast working
Pamrooz
Its okay
Cool
This need for sharing eatch other
"Unkown error" is displayed while trying to refresh doesn't load new feeds or anything else tried reinstalling , connecting to other connection , turned off mobile and signed out my account but no work ,it was good before a day :( , by the way only messages still workingGalaxy S2.
Just don't like it ne more
Soni
A. PLEASE MAKE IT SO WE CAN MOVE IT TO SD CARD!!! Uses WAY TOO MUCH memory. B. Last couple updates have NOT improved anything. Have only made things WORSE. C. No longer shows most recent posts...very annoying. D. Error everytime I click on a link. E. Force closes ALL the time. F. Switches at random to mobile browser instead of staying in app. G. Latest update installed yesterday & now it force closes 9 times out of 10 when I try to open it! Basically SUCKS A$$ in every possible way. STOP SCREWING IT UP!!!
Good
Ria Brits
Amazing way to get in touch with your friends
I would have given it 5 but it takes up way to much space on my phone. Ever since I updated I haven't had storage space and I can't use the app half the time.
It misses some features to be the same as desktop version
Irritating
I really like you face to upgrade by me having this application it's easy to use as a short cut then going to  web...
It's the best social network app ever
Very faster tha Facebook
Very very g¨°od
good
Good
Crappy
Still lovin it
Awesome
Good
still abit poor
Why is there an update available directly through the app but not through the play store? Doesn't seem quite legit to me.
I had the update and boy, was that the biggest mistake I have ever commited in my entire life. I was happy with the previous one. Smooth, refreshes timeline within the set time and DOES NOT CRASH. Even my messenger (I'll deal with that in another review) crashes. I thought updating it would be a good idea. Oops. Guess not. Updates are supposed to take social network experience better not worsen it. Please fix.
Pls fix it....
Vo
ennok1978
Hmm
Wow.......
Getting better
Apps.....
Loves facebook it keeps me in touch with my family an friends
Keeps stopping on me and closes me.
143
M r v
Part of the body.......
Awesome!
Perfect
Bad update this time
Smart.......
Super laggy and slow. Please fix.
News feed are not updating on wifi of MTNL network. Its working perfectly on 3G. Facing problem since past 2 days. Seems that its a scam to earn revenue from ISP.
Best social networking application!
Its fine
Star
Yes
You can't watch videos when you update it, you need too fix that,  it crashed when I updated that. FIX IT PLEASE
Automaticallly close while i use this..
It would be 5 stars if it actually worked. I scroll down 2 stories on my news feed and it just crashes, sort it out facebook........
Vinod kooare
Would be nice to be able to set most recent as default instead of getting stories from 3 days ago.
Just love it.....Fixed  bugs  & crushes
T
Good
Dont creat fake accounts
Hate it
Great place to socialize!!!
save me lord
Jjj
I love Facebook. Great way to connect with old friends and distant family
Ok
Very good
My major caveat with this app is how horrible it looks when used on a tablet. It feels like a phone app forcefully stretched to fill a bigger screen. This becomes glaringly apparent when going to the photos section, where the app switches to portrait mode even if i'm on landscape position (which is how i use my tablet 90% of the time). Compared to the slick and user-friendly interface of Google+, Facebook's UI looks dated and bland.
I love Facebook app.
Mast ha.
Poor performance
That good application
It wont update then wont reinstall
Love it Love it Love it Love it Love it Love it Love it
beverly hills salon
irresistible
I love
The app doesnt open and it is very slow the few times that it does open
The best app  ever!
Thanks for this app
Won't even install without saying error 498. So I need to use the crappy web version
Awesome...glad to see the inoperable issue is now fixed. Had it uninstalled for 3 days but now its all good
Jjj
It is to easy.. nt soo fast bt gd
So dissatisfied....

Love it
Super
Very good
Just can't get my head around these updates... Dunno if it's just me, or why the f**k would I want to read top stories decided by the app.. There's no point with the suggestions and Most Recent has been moved into subsections...
I love Facebook
Awesome
I
It's better working when this before updating. Now I updated. It's too bad. Video not playing with sound. Etc., What u updated in this. Too bad. Do immediately to rectify all the problems in updated version. There is no 0 star. If it's means I vl gv u that.
Amesing
Thanks again
The update is horrible
I cant  upload Pics. Pls fix it.
Good very good
So stupid if it doesn't even work.. loved the older version way better!! Just saying
No star 4¡­des .
Continues to freeze up &do gives me the "blue screen of death" upon trying to open after the most recent update. I've had to uninstall & reinstall multiple times to to open the app
Its smart
Facebook
It's not working on my phone...!
Great app
chat
Desde la ultima actualizacion...al subir fotos la aplicaci¨®n se sale sola...nunca hab¨ªa pasado antes.
No other application  then fb
This update sucksssss
Hi
Nice
Internet for dummies!
y
Yes
Every time I get on this Facebook app it puts another 200 mb on here. I have to delete my data & start over. Why? Please fix for 5 stars
No idea
Don
my Facebook pictures
This app is very gd yaar               I loved it
I want to update
Not too good.The Grid one was far better and quick. This one is very SLOW.
Vryyyy great appppp I love u fb
Required more iprove
Is not working at all in my Samsung GT P1000, please fix as soon as posible
Excellent
This new update won't load videos.
Deepak
Crash observed
Very good
kept having errors
Totaly Awesome

Would not update kept telling me I had insignificant storage
Freezes every other second cant send messages.
Hated Facebook for t first time
Loved it
The best in the world
It strucks after some time
Keeps freezing, and won't sync my contacts with my phone after I logged out. This app used to be a lot easier to use and whenever I logged out then back in it would give me the option to sync my contacts now I can't even find that option in the app settings.....please fix!!!!!
I can click on most recent news feed and its still not in order and not even starting with the latest posts. Also, it jumps to the beginning of feed (where it chooses to start) in the middle of scrolling. Not cool!
Facebook
Update is bad but rest of app is brilliant
Just as you get used to the way it is here comes another update to change it all and if it don't change it it just messes up more
Doesn't Work AT ALL!!!
I love this app even thow it keeps freesing sometime..
It occupies way too much space as well as RAM.. N i hav a low ram cell.. Wud b better if there was a compressed veraion of it for such cellphones.. Also, occasionally stops responding...
Facebook
I enjoy catching up with my friends but i cant see the recent posts. The app doesnt use too much storage but it uses up lots of data and storage to run the app.
Loveit
Suck. Keep crash
I've had lots of friends tell me they aren't getting all of my posts.  Postings are intermittent. Even my husband doesn't get all of my postings. What the heck?!?
Bagos
So fb did an update and now my fb keeps crashing please fix asap
Good
Golaam
not working well,phone goes slower and slower when ever you use it
Love
so bad
Asif raza
Needs a new update. Often does not load comments on posts. Shows the posts, but won't load comments on my posts and I have full bars of 4G network. :/
This is very usefully chat
Only posts old notifications..  No way to see the new news feed
Great
Amazing
It won't let me text my password only stays on one letter please fix!!!
The photos take too long to update sometimes nd I get loading news feed loading news feed over nd over again until I restart my phone nd this has been going on for years now
Good for my 7 inch tab....
Cool app nice updates

Whenever I'm uploading photos via facebook it keeps on going back to the main page & not uploading. I needed to upload it multiple times but still not working. Please fix. It's very frustrating.
Wanted
Very nice
Good
Ioved
Worst app sucks
Very nice!! So many beautiful "HOTTIES"!!
Very. Nice

I wish my news feed would show wat ppl are doin most recent .not hours ago
The app continuously crashes (every single time).  Takes FOREVER to load to the news feed page, and then the actual feed doesn't load at all (the app crashes at this point).  Please FIX THIS ISSUE!!!
sneh
Hi
How the heck do I set it permanently for most recent on my news feed? And if I click on a link then go back to FB it takes me to the top of news feed rather than where I left off and I have to scroll through everything I have already seen. Rubbish!
I
lay bhari
I gave its one because I had no choice cheers fb what a load of crap I didn't want to update if I want to update it I would when I wanted Boohoo fb so dissapointed.:-((((
The new version is faster and I like it
Good app
Brilliant
It is very bad icant downlaod it
Took them months, but it seems they finally made the autoplay on WiFi checkbox actually mean something.
I have an ipod touch 4 gen with IOS 6.1.6. Can you guys make the new updates available for the IOS 6.1.6 version. Because i really love facebook and i can't afford to upgrade my device since im on a fixed income.
This is my first time that I use Facebook so I hope those who know me will follow me .
Vishal
Bad      stopping suddenlly
Facebook
Nice application for all user smartphone
Facebook
Now I finally updated my app and it doesn't work it wont even refresh smh it shows stuff that happened days ago also I cant even use my emojis anymore please fix
Commendable app......
I love it
Sahi hai yar
I just knew I shouldn't have updated. I had no issues before and now the feed doesn't load and it's much slower. Worst update ever!
Sucks 20-30% of my battery without ever using it
mmg syok arr kn maen fb haha ..
Good app
Kalaikalaifacebook
Good
I like the new style..
Sometimes it is hard to connect even you're subscribe in a surfing promo
Nice
Ohh speed is not well... Day by day going to b down... Uff
It freezes n crashes a lot
Rohit
Very good
Im positive facebook is some kind of government conspiracy and a good way to keep track of people and be even more nosey but hey I still love it hahah......
Its great
Lol best app ever!!!!But it's hard to login.
Its Cooooooooool I liked it very much
It consume a lot of space. Pls make it transferable to d SD CARDS.   keeps crashing anytime I try updating. Pls do something about dis.
Woooooooow nice
Update has stopped it working properly
Mannerism
So good
putang ina...
Freezes more often. :s
I like
Very god
Cool and fast..
Well, not so cool.(:
Can't use fb after the update.  It crashes on my galaxy. Fb is getting worse.  Maybe the crash thing is good.  I'm becoming used to no fb. Eventually I think I'll just stop
Good
Good apps
Update sucks
Cool ..
Shofikul
Mom and pops
Don't like how Facebook allows some of the crap on it's wall. Liked the old one better.
Meena
Facebook is worse than ever. If I wanted to see the same info from last week over again, I'd read a book.

Nice fix
961
But the problem is....... NOTHING
Really gud..
Good
Nice
Nice to use the app but after I exit it, it randomly crashes when im using other apps. Fix it then Ill rate 5 ¡î
Eats lots of RAM
(no comment)
Cool

Super
Facebook is a wonderful place to text to families of yours far away from away from u
All yer get is error loading its crap after last few updates and 2 slow
News feed sucks
Good
Amir
I like
It needs to develop new concept
Fadi saoud
Rrr
There is no reason  for you to listen to my phone calls and read my texts.!!   Please stop doing so!
If she's going to be such a bad influence you going to have to stop hanging out with her.
I want facebook before....
Vcxri
Great. ..app :)
Laveett..
It takes 2 much time and day by day memory getting full..
Great!
Nice
Plz fix I can't upload anything

The new update sucks
updated now
Counting stars <3
Nice
Facebook please fix the location thing for nearby friends to give them your location cause every time I try to open it I get as far a loading and then it kicks me out of Facebook so please fix it
Best
It keeps freezing now and I am about to just quit FB altogether !
Love it
Work great.
Facebook app need an update. There should be an option for replying to someones comment under status or post like they have in desktop site. I will give 5 star after this update.
Send emails without my knowledge? Microphone ? Wtf? What are fb upto? There is NO way you need all these permissions. Uninstalled. G+ for me.
nice app
Too much battery consuming,sometyms crashes(not responding) in my samaung galaxy s duos                                fix these issue n a five star from me
Completely crashes and can no longer access FB. Have to uninstall and upload a previous edition. Stay away
Works good but memory hogging. Works fine with my XZR but I don't like it when something uses my phone memory which I'm not using
This app wil not download prply plz dont waste time
The mozt exitiing feature is the chat sms & talk facility.
Extremely usefull
Gods man but it is a very waiting for serach
The app constantly gets closed and the inbox interphase is crap. The new update is simply below average
Like updates. Keep up d good work.
i like it...
Its not bad
I love this app. it's easy to use and fun.
excellent
Update but can't download video in Facebook if u can solve it i will give you 5 stars.
Unable to play. Most videos
It seems like I have to clear data every 5 minutes and even when I do it still takes up to much room.  Skylar Montoya is my surname
I have to click my messages to much and i takes forever to loud
Plz plz make this app movable to sd card....it comsumes much internal memory......nw im uninstalling it.....
It works perfectly for me
OK
Nothng helpful added
F b not install my micromacs a. 72.  arer 504
Its coo nigga
Awesome
Havvy app
I love it
Time pass...
Constantly crashing
Amazing just started
simply super for friends chat
Great
Not only a social network but also very useful to share and to keep in touch with our friends and known people. good awesome app
Ok &good
Ramesh Babu
Nice
Nice
Slowed it down. Keep getting error loading news feed message. Screwed it up
Good app  nice speed 2 things to improve number 1 very large memory number 2 this is just freezing but not bad
Good freezes sometime but works good!
Updates really very slow and it sucks totally.....poor ...:-(
This is good
Love it
OMG will you plebs leave the bloody app alone, stop changing it every 2 seconds ffs. Can't share on people's timelines now, get ur Friggin act together
Nice, i do really like ,conect to people,or friends when im using this app. Tnx .
3 stars
Hi! Hellow!
Owsam
I cant install da latest version. Plz fix
Keeps crashing and the timeline doesn't refresh
It's cool.
Sahilsk
Good app
Gud
Mykenzie bagwell
Stop FORCE scrolling my feed when I trying to read it!! I don't want to scroll down tons of post to get back to my spot FGS
Tssss. Tagal ma download
Its cool
Facebook is boring now still wait in for that big change when the quality is very good and its more fun
Spr,,,,
Love Facebook
I loved it
Good bt a lil slow..
Everytime i download theirs an error message. I cant even open facebook.
I love it
Its sucks..after i updated my fb apps and when i open it..its going to force close unexpectedly..wtf!!updating is improving it not like this its really sucks..!im an fb user and lover..so plz fix this soon!!
Hi

Not loading news feed properly ..keep seeing  things that happen like 10 ,15 20hours ago  ugh wish I could give this a -0 rate
Awesome
Good
Yo!
Feels like I share almost everything
Not bad
I Love the New Facebook App^^
Facebook rocks
aplication for frndship
Could not install it
Sometimes can't running
its to slow
After installing, my Internet usage went up an insane amount, and used over 100 MB in a day, normally it uses less than 0.02 MB. I have my phone set to use wifi if available, which at my house it always is. My phone's a battery life also went from lasting 5 days straight to lasting only morning to night, only 14 hours or so. After uninstalling, everything went back to normal. Terrible app, do not download.
Great fb
Ohhh yess
Waio
Its very gud apps
Cannot watch videos on Facebook. It crashes after a few seconds
Beverly
CH
I keep waffling between browser FB, and the app. App is bloated and uses mass sys resources; browser version not seamless, slower.
Its too slow 
Just to see who looks at ur profile is missing upgrade
Very nice
App sucks
jud pai

Vvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvery
i love it...
was continually encouraging my updating the program to ensure faster speeds and more stability in uploading.   What a joke.  It's continually crashing, completely unable to upload a video, 24hrs later the video may or may not appear.  Crashing, disconnecting, won't update the news feed, loosing images, videos, and posts.  BEYOND FRUSTRATING. My advise: don't update your old facebook app with this one.
Pravu Sarathi
Its super
Still need of improvement.
Excellent
BUGS
Its very good time passing social network. .. with great app
Hi
Many problem
Good one .lot of loopholes in case of security alone
Awesome app
Dont lik ... I wish coud hv undo button..dont lik new version.. Not fit for small screen mob lik galazy Y..:-(
Best App
I never thought multiple updates would get worse and worse, but you outdid yourself, Facebook.  All the below is still true, but now it takes up too much memory and goes very slow.  It also won't let me "reply" to comments still, but now it won't let me link names in a response unless I've "friended" them. ----- Old review:  Says no internet connection when I have one.  When I try to post it randomly doesn't work and deletes what I wrote.  Glitchy.  Ugly.  Sucky.  Trying to revert to the old version...
Pankaj Mhatre
Love2all
Good parson meet  here
Good
Everyone knows the benefits of this app, i think i don't need to show its greatness to others.
Facebook app got so slow and crashes after the recent update. I give it 1 star if it can't be fixed I will have it unistalled.
This app keeps running slowly.  I refresh the page and it takes forever.  NOT convenient at all!!
Sucks, don't update
Perfect
Where can I get previous version? I can't use new version.
Llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll ll
haha looking at the top comments, I'm lucky I have the time to cancel the update
Reeeeeeerlllyyy BAD
Excsllent.
Facebook
RVal
This app has gone to complete crap this 10-15 hour ago newsfeed is crap im done with this terrible app uninstalling as i type
Can not update...
Helpful
Needs updating desperately. Will not let me upload photos and freezes all the time.
This last update causes it to stop about 20 seconds after I open it EVERY TIME. Just having the app on my phone slows it down, but once you install the app, it will never allow you to uninstall it completely. Such a horrible app, and I am horribly disappointed with the updates that are supposed to make it better!
Latest update is awful.   I don't need Facebook to tell me which posts are important enough to read and then make me hunt for the rest.
Best social media ever...
I should've never updated it ! I can't share anything ! Wtf, fix it !
it's good app....
Nice apps.
joyzkie
It is what it is , you get what you get. I just need something to keep up with friends out of state.
Nice
It not perfect but Its also not bad!
Ex

For some reason, the mobile device doesn't allow top comments whereas if I log on through Google chrome I can still see them
Its useful faster than the fb of browsers :)
Hi
Keeps crashing
Aside from it being slow and killing the battery on every device I've used it on, this new version hides all options that I would really need. First off, it doesn't allow you to change the default option to recent. I have to go into a buried menu option every single time.  It's very annoying and I hate this app with a passion!
I like this facebook app a lot BUT it would get 5 stars if there was a language option for English(pirate), just like there is on the website.
Good
what is this?! i can't even see posts from the pages i liked. i would have rated it 2 stars if the news feed is updated, not like i see statuses that was posted like a day ago.
Gud appz i like
Always asking to update
Fix it...

A Android Design UI please
Cool.
Its very slow .. fb of browser is better than this app.
The new update would be great if it wasn't slow loading and updating.  Why release updates if they aren't going to improve the app??
Ms Eve
Jaspreet  kour
Stay tune
Joined
Keeps freezing and have to use home button to get out
It is lovely apps
Fast
It always stuck and quit suddenly..i cant acsess my fb
Having problems with videos on Sony experia z2
Fb
FB
With facebook i can chat with my friends
Images won't load. Just when one bug is fixed up comes another!
Nice
ok
It does work but I cant change my display picture
Keeps aborting saying insufficient space, even if I have over 8gb available.
Looking
Hi! I'm from singapore which mean my internet is fast, so I expect for a faster upload I rated 2 stars and I will add 3 more stars if you can fix it! so pls......
I hate fb . it just sucks
This app is slow but also wonderful
Version 12.0.0.15.14 hangs A LOT.
Hard to download videos
Loves it
I am using samsung note 3. I have problem in selecting photos from gallary. There is no folder view. Please update
Marvellous...........,
So good
Every time is update
Ok
This app is a  total waste.. pics doesn't loads quickly.. sign in problem and the worst part is  these developers aren't taking any action not  fixing the problem got irritated of using this app last update was better than this one
Installed about 10 hours later then it fIxted all of my passwords and usernames pluss it let me friend
Good joob
It needs better themes please
loads of good offers
Hi
Now that I updated the app it is more faster and very quick.
ina ziana 75
AwsoMe Application For facebook
Cant tag people in a post... FIX
I can connect with my friends and this app is my place to selfie
Smooth working app.
I LIKE FACEBOOK. . .
Nice app
Bwisett
Facbook.app
Facebook is very Goog aap in social life & friend
Good
Like the new layouth easy to answer my inboxs be great if you could update a boardering around our page so it looks more styley other then that my facebook perfectly updated¡Ì¡Ì¡Ì¡Ì¡Ì¡Ì
i cant copy Texts anymore :/
Like this.
Very Good
Sucks! 2 days been trying  to add more photos 1 of my albums but it  ddnt appear  anywhre! wall or news feeds wtf?! I wanted to smash my fone bcos of this! then I realised its the facebook problem! Pls fix! Thank u verry much! 
I love ...
This update is very bad
I wonder whats this new update really being impressive.
Bibin
Since changing my password and logging back in to Facebook my phone contacts won't sync to Facebook and their profile pics don't show up when receiving calls or texts.
Fb
Facebook!!!
Better speed.
Nice and easy way to touch with friends by this app :)
Love fb..sometimes it doesn't LOVE me..like my messenger won't let me txt ppl.but I can get them...? Not bad though..
i love it
Dont like manually changing news feed to most recent. Before update this was a preference...why not now?
Ho
nice
Can't uptade
Continue to inform Facebook about no pictures on newsfeed..no resolution
When I updated my Facebook app it I dunno why it's always crashing please fix this auto close. It needs a lot of attempt to open the app. Thank you!
Excellent
¦ª¦Á¦Ê¦Ï ¦Ð¦Ï¦Ë¦Ô ¦Ê¦Á¦Ê¦Ï ¦Á¦Ö¦Ñ¦Ç¦Ò¦Ó¦Ï ¦Ð¦Ñ¦Ï¦Ã¦Ñ¦Á¦Ì¦Ì¦Á
I want to hide some statuses from my family so please!
I can't upload videos and I have nexus 4
MALWARE BEWARE or at least it may as well be. first my app stops working forcing me to upgrade, when i upgrade I find phone and tablet lag to be far worse than the effect of any malware or trojan i have ever encountered, then the app constantly freezes and crashes, it takes up over 50meg of space on my phone and drains a fully charged battery in less than five hours even when not in use.  This is the worst piece of **** software i have ever installed
Love it
this app is very good.
Not good
Update
Lovely
Every time I comment a photo the photo dissapears and will not show up
Awesome!
Good to share pictures
The fact that fb allows for graphically violent, harassing, & threatening messages to be made is absolutely disgusting!!! And, with their "privacy" settings, anyone can send you these messages....including people that you don't know, have never heard of, & are not friends with. HORRIBLE!!!
Nice
The best
I like it....
Good
Why can't I change my timeline to most recent? Super annoying!
No facebook
Don't know why I gave it five stars
The updated version SUCKS.. makes no sense I am seeing old updates.. WANT THE NEW ONE BACK

Too slow!!! My god!!
I cannot sign in at all keeps saying password is wrong Ikno its not...and I've changed it 4four times ugh annoying
After last update, it is sooooo ridiculous! Constantly get "Forced Close" message after viewing for more than a minute or two. Why on EARTH do I have to see "Top Stories" as my feed? That is just about the most ridiculous default to date. I don't want to change it every time. Rookie move FB.
Nice
app
Opening the app and it 9 times out of 10 freezes on me then I exit the app and it opens itself automatically. Delt with this for 3 weeks!!!!!
Good!!!
Too much stuff u need to fix
Hanpa semua nk jolok awek.
532302870
Amazing
Good
It is a very nice app download it so im happy so u can download it
Nice
I like this aap !!!!
Its awsome $  its an very huge social network soo frnd use it i love u fb
Update has destroyed my enjoyment. Slow taking up more memory and complete haphazard. Want to un update!
Bahut accha
Very nice
Awesome. WORKOUT Awesome
You can find your friends on it
Good
Like
Very nice
it takes a very long time for the app to open and when it finally opens it force closes and shuts down my phone.Its making me miserable
Very good app
Dreadful app! Takes too long to refresh pictures take a life to show up
SUPER LOG I HATE THIS SO MUCH
when i am click on the videos post on facebook it automatically stopped show " unfortunately facebook stopped"
fast
star
Browsing faster than ever u seen with this updates
Good choice
Good
Thanks
I don't like how I have to constantly see that so and so commented on their status that they made yesterday. It's annoying to see the same things over and over in my news feed regardless of if I have it on most recent or top stories. Also I would like to see everyone's stuff in my feed not just people Facebook thinks I like. I go look at my brothers page and there are a tons of posts that I never saw because Facebook decided I didn't want to. It's ridiculous!
Is good
WASEEMAHMAD
Ms
i am glaib
Will not let me download keep giving error smh fix this
'Cause you don't know what you've got
Save mb on phone
As we are teen we need facebook to relax ourselves for boredom of textbook  so we should enjoy by using for by chinkle bisoi
Like the fb
:)
- says lack of storage....there's plenty of storage???
the app is difficult to use... I prefer to use FB from the net browser
Rock
It stucks everytime while opening...Fix it pls
Nice time pass
I love Facebook it's the best application i have ever see
App takes up more and more space every update. If it works it works, don't touch it. I see the layout has been changed. We don't care. I'm straight up done with this app. I just tried opening it and it took me 3 mins for it to open! Then when it was open, i tried scrolling down the feed. I scrolled and waited....should I say more? OK I tapped my notifications and? Crashed. Tried to reopen...crashed. Tried again, this time loaded timeline halfway and...crashed. Don't make it look fancy, make it work.
It would be great if the news feed shows both most recent and most popular without clicking anything.. And, after the latest update, it always crash, and need to be force closed. It always hangs. Please fix this.
This app sucks
Had to uninstall this an update it again it stopped working on me
Well I have to say I enjoy the app overall however,  I find it super annoying when you're reading along in the news feed and all the sudden out of no where you're back at the top again and have lost your place or what you were reading about. That really needs to be fixed! Otherwise it's enjoyable.
Hot favourite...
Super
Secret
Faisebook
Excellent
Can't download
Since last update it keeps freezing. Also, why can I see more & different status updates in top stories than most recent? I want all my timeline statuses in most recent order please!
Stay on Facebook
Neriza lapurga
Get rid of the violence and nudity cause children use this site also
Love Facebook good way to talk to old freinds!!!
I love Facebook its a wonderful app I love it
I have updated facebook to its latest version. After this update when i scroll through newsfeed it gets stuck and the application gets closed automatically.  Please fix this bug.
Can only give one star, don't know why this app need to install 100+Mb in my phone!
Facebook
I cannot login with this app at all. Keep receiving an API_ERROR.
Hoping this update brings back a few things I somehow lost!!!

With all these updates y'all r doing maybe y'all should make it to were we can get to our videos we upload but all I can c is my pic I would like to c the videos I put on here make it like that and I will give 5 stars
K
Nate
Videos do not play??????  Please fix. All it says is Un know error has occurred
Neurologys M M B S India
Mast hai
Face book
Nice
Pooped
Cool social site
Its too good.
Thank the Boss.
senthil
Good job
Good
Sharing multiple photos in group no longer supported. Why is that?
Face was alright problem is they like to take all your info not saying that's a bad thing but it is when it sucks all your data up and slows the app down. Every time you click it stores what you've done sends a signal etc. Internet becomes jammed! Plus app now is complicated more than the usual. To many screens and ways around and I don't always see friends birthdays until I see a comment saying happy birthday etc and even friends comments don't see them all
Excellent
It helps me find family and friends
Blah. lol
DEVINI NAICKER
Sakshi sehgal
Fadoooooooo
Khizar
Even after the app updated, it still has problems navigating, some buttons in the app don't work, and it is very slow, sometimes taking several minutes between pages.
Crazy
Great one
Good
Siap mengabdi bangsa Jgn korupsi
Got ma frnds back
gooodie
This last update is horrible. App randomly freezes and won't do anything. I kill it, start it again, and it works fine for a couple minutes before freezing again. I reinstalled and still experience the same issues. I feel like one star is generous when I basically can't count on the app to even run.
suddenly stopped working. now its regular problm.
Superior
Latest update crashing plz fix it.LG optimus p880
Verrycute
Me
Love it :-) :-) :-) :-) :-)
Good
I like fb but this app is impossibly  annoying! Please make it usable again
awesome super ultimate
I love. being able to talk to. my family and Friends that I don't see.alot
Joe D's page
Christian
Nice
5 stars
Julietsato Transfiguracion
great
Keep crashing need to fixed it. Otherwise it would have been good
Facebook is sooooooo cool because u can see and talk to ur old friends on facebook
This app is awesome with some improvements...i luv this app a lot
WTF!!!! Yesterday they log me out without reason and now i cant login !! And i search of my name in my friend account and i didnt find my name!!!!! Whats wrong???? Closed or hackers??? Fixd dude
I am using this facebook this facebook is great...
Yeaah baby
Its too much update ..
Paya
Faster
Too much useful
facebook
Alway stop.pls fix it.
Screws my phone up
Face book
M
I use to love fb but now it want play my videos
Awesome
Why?update this must take long time!
I like it bt it take so much time to open ...my phone get hanged with this
654321
My FB app was working fine until this upgrade. Now I can't do anything on it because it's always crashing! Fix it! Fix it! Fix it!
Its all right but it keeps crashing whenever I go on it but I have to use it from the computer so I will give it a 2 star
Bloody heck nothing is happing after I update the app.
easy to upload video and pic
Awesome
I love this app
So nice and useful ap
Every mobile is empty without facebook
I love this app
Slow
Very good
Is not updating
Not bad
I me myself love you
It is too good
It is the in thing these days
Awesome
Love it
It is good to use
Why there is no the custom option for the set of people who can see your posts.. For the pc you could do that, could you add on mobile as well plz
... it wont let me check my notifications.
Worst ever
New update is awful
I receive "network error" when viewing profiles after this update.Please fix this rubbish update.
getting better and better
video download problem
All sight ss
I really hate this app right now. I wish I could rate it 0
Getting better.  Keep it up.
cool
No progress... its lose to ground...
Awesome and cool
Good SocMed
i wish i can send a video through message. hope you can fix it..
Messenger keeps crashing when running on Facebook, driving me nuts! Got round the constantly running videos issue, turn off in settings, then it runs more smoothly!
Worst update ever..
Just got a samsung s5 and facebook has always been fine for me on every phone, but whenever i go to a new timeline the profile picture from the previous timeline i was on stays and i cant see the new persons profile picture.. sort that out and you have a 5 star app!
Really FB? This was not an update,  but an epic fail on your part.  Nothing loads and when it does I can see 2-3 feeds at a time.  Looks like I'll move to a social media platform that wants to make users happy by keeping it simple.
someone log me out of Facebook and now I can't get back on
Fab app..loved it
I wish FB would leave well enough alone sometimes and I'm not talking about big fixes and such....what happened to the ability to switch between Top Stories and Most Recent? I'm really getting tired of seeing posts from a day or so ago when I'm looking to see what everyone is doing NOW.  Please add it back in!
Nice one
Dah its facebook
much better
Way faster than windows phone Facebook app
Worst. App. Ever.
Wtf
cool
Stylo
Please fix bug where comments not showing (background is transparent) on android l
Kishor choudhary
Good
foece   foece   foece     f....... k
fb for all
I love this but why dont yoy guys come up with muics on it it too ;)
Wow
Thank you. :)
Like d it
Its space is big that's all thank you world for your support that you have given me thank you. Why I can't install it you fat pigses

Excellent Features, Sparkling Design, Butter-Smooth... Everything Social in single App.. Wow.
Reinstate my Facebook
Its too nice be in touch with ppl. Its great deal yo all HV a fb on there's phn. Enjoy guys .
It just the love everyone
Lovely
best
Cool
Could be better
nice app without internet like it
Kasi Bakit. Kelangan pa ng WI-FI
Update Not Working
Latest update 12.0.0.15.14 seems to make my phone's processor get very hot and flatten the battery from full within 2 hours. Everything's fine again once I've killed the Facebook app in settings. The age old complaint that I can't make Recent default in my Newsfeed let's it down too as I've missed a few relevant statuses in the past because of it. Newsfeed often shows a post as just a few minutes old but the comments are from days back.
Keeping me far far social than I had expected
Works as Expected
A lot of the time when you open the app, it does not respond to anything. When you close it, it reopens itself. Admining pages using the Facebook app forces you to close the app altogether as you cannot leave the page once you're done without closing the app. 4 stars if these were fixed. 2 for now.
If you like faceebook
§¯§Ö §à§ä§Ü§â§í§Ó§Ñ§Ö§ä§ã§ñ §æ§à§ä§à§Ô§â§Ñ§æ§Ú§Ú
Abulkhai r
So good usefful
Like
I like this app
I like to be able to see stories as they come not 20 hours ago!!!!
I love facebook
I wonder how is the app team with millions of users can be so careless.  Maybe the word testing should be translated in more languages
I don't know where I'd be without facebook. It's the only way I can talk to my kids.
Awesome. ..
Love it
Felix n 1967
HOW CAN I STOP PEOPLE AND FREINDS DOWNLOADING MY PHOTOS ON FACEBOOK??? I JUST WANT THAT THEY CAN ONLY SEE LIKE AND COMMENT BUT NOT DOWNLOAD AND MIS USE.... 298 Votes ¡¤ 10 Answers
Free and useful social app. I wish, this app can play Facebook games. Incredible experience.
Why does it show what happen 10 hours ago. It's okay
Great!
Family reunion
It's perfect app ;)
Its tooo goood
i like it
Awesome
Good
i like it
Ashvin.modi
Wow amazing app
Good app download it now :) !!
Analyze which of ur apps have the highest RAM eating capability. Facebook will be in d top 3 if not  top that list..
Thanks
Nice
Mast for time pass
Nice program :-) :-P
Love it!
Superb
Good
Great site
WTF agn n agn ....
Fine
Why? Gosh!
Facebook via mobile is awesome.
nice
Best Social Media App...
Simply love it :)
Hate the new update!
Love fb
This is the bomb
Good
itm goodm
Love this
Worse updatee!
Its owsm
Nice
Wtf always it shows wht friends did 20 or 23 hours ago it never shows what they re doin right now it keeps on asking for updates please fix this problem
It's do good job
Although I have problems with this app I am always thankful to Facebook because I was reunited with my long lost friends and relatives but apps sucks.
Won't sync contacts, please fix!
sunset
It is cool and amazing
Sweet bt slow
TOP STORIES ARE ANNOYING!
Johan
Best spelling
baket
I love you......B
All
Videos don't play news feed showing day old posts. And please bring back the option to set most recent as default!
Agik idup agik ngelaban
I cant downld dis new version..
Love it!
Love this App very nice and helpful 
Lovin it
Istikinining
Thanks ;-)
After updated to the latrst version, always occured error when i playing video in facebook, and then i have to replay and reply again to watch the video,  it is really annoying, i m using Sony Xperia Z1  anyone experience the same problem?
""'"Gettinhg the 411  eachday
The connection is not good most of the time
Good
Ok
Fix news feed problem
Sends out updates days later?
Manz
I like its
I love it
Nic software
I loved it
Great one
Awesome...!!!
Facebook.
Status not update!!!
wonderful  version
A bit slow
Been crashing  at the same point on my news feed over and over. What causes this
Bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbaaaaaaaaaddddddddd
Good
HANG HANG HANG HANG!!!!!!!
Can't watch videos and no new posts, please fix. Also crashes.
Memory hog. Never actually closes just occupies a crapload of memory.
O
Hindi: is fb apps me ek weak point agaya h,pahle apps me what's ap ki tarha msg aate hi samjh jata tha chahe fb aaps khula ho ke na ho ... ab jab khula hoga jab automatic msg receive hota hai... agr old version ki tarha fir se wo suvida mile to bahut achi bat hogi... thanks ... devloper zara Hindi me parh lijiyega ....
Life is love is god is life
Its awesome
Facebook app is better than on Web..  Easily do like and comments
Well I dislike the layout of the update, but it works ok... Other than videos not playing through on my xperia Z2. That sucks.
its great
Great apps facebook I love this apps...thanks....
great way of comunication
A bit after the update it didnt let me load videos anymore everytime I try it force closes the app
Plus Good Security
I find a lot of real Iranian friends
So if Facebook actually reads this: when sharing anything. There needs to be an option to share to a friends inbox on here like the desktop version. I have run into this issue multiple times.
I love this app
Pictures don't load, updates from friends are mostly from yesterday unless you go to most recent (then goes back to yesterday after leaving app and coming back) can't tag some friends in post and pictures, making me wish there was another good social media app that was used by as many but I guess the money isn't flowing in so the updates aren't really updates just new digits to the version giving us better referrals to more people (fake pages) that we don't know . End rant !!!
News feed is never sorted in most recent and does not give me that option!! Very annoyed and wish I did not update
Good
Cool...
Nice
Updates are to improve performance of app, not make it underperform. Keeps crashing and WTF is up with the timeline not updating with current info instead of what Tom, Dick, and Harry did 20 hrs ago. Smh
In my device, galaxy tab 8.9 the content is only at the center. Kinda annoying
3sl
Aparece como conectado aun cuando el chat esta desactivando arrenglen eso por favor :(
Can't get notifications. Won't show notifications when I click on them! The app will say I have five notifications, but it will go to the last post I commented on, even on refresh. Will click on other things, then go back to notifications, still nothing new. Please make most recent the default! This app is very hard to use and I hate it! Also, why can't you share a post in a private message with the app? It is an option on the computer version, should be here too!
Chowdhury
nice
Unknown error code during install "-24". What does this mean? Facebook kept crashing, I deleted the ap and can now not reinstall it. Thanks Facebook.
Old version was Faster than this version... This version takes 2-4 seconds to open and not faster...
Mast
very good
Good
After i downloaded ur latest update.. My fb is not working properly..no images no video geting flash..solve this issue..and send new update..using sony Xperia t2 ultra
Yahoo
Videos won't play :(
plz make it more faster den now ill giv 5 stars
Keep force closing un installing!! Don't update it sucks after the update!!!
Will not update.  Reports insufficient storage.  I have almost 300mb of storage so what is goig on with this under 30mb programme needing over 10x its size for updating?
Love this app in every way bacause i can chat my cousins and my family in Dubai,Spain,Mexico,Australlia,Switserland,and Ireland
:) :)
I love ittttt
really nice....namo
Helps stay connecting but takes much more time in uploading a pic
Very nice I like it
Its work so slowly
Best social app!!!
Wtf. It just keep saying, "just a moment" and won't open. I tried to be patient but ugh I'm waiting for 10 minutes. Like srsly?!
This is a good app because u can go om your Facebook when ever u wont on your phone with no wifi which I love for when on hoilday
No.
its simply amaizing
This app is slow freezes and crashes a lot. Im also having problems uploading pics from my phone I wish I had my old facebook back!!
Cool app
<- both a true lover but guy.s  faceboook. & what's app is too bludy app.. because u don.t have idea ..ap ki gf apke pith (back ke piche kiya kri so plz don.t insttall  and happy ur life...
twitter is much better
Nice
Keeps shutting down will not play videos to many problems/bugs with this "new" update...
So Cool.!
It would be better if you added the chat heads on the app without needing to download the Facebook Messenger. When I try to text one person after the other the app useally gets really slow or crashes. Hope you add in Chat Heads for Samsung Galaxy S3 and other Android devices instead of just for iphones and Apple devices. It would make the experience 100¡Á more better and I will give it 5 stars.
It's nice
Honestly guys, I love the new accessories and option, but for some reason I'm having trouble sending voice messages. Not working. And when I want to send an image from search, it doesn't let me go to the next page where it says,  1 of 8. It doesn't go to the next.  I just got the Xperia m. And I checked all my phone settings, but nothing. Figure it would be more exciting,  however, it was a disappointment . Please help.
I don't think I've ever has a fully functioning Facebook app since it was released. On my current z2 I get an error on every single video, it's an absolute joke.
My keyboard won't show..logged me in without a password, tried to take a picture..this app is garbage..I could probably code it better without jokes or gimmicks.
Very slow loading
Crashes when I try to preview a photo
Love being in contact with old friends that have moved away. I can even see how there doing and pictures of there kids. Its great
Best
Keeps on force closing. Seriously? -,-
waqas gondal
Ok
Very nice
Berfect
I tried Fast alternative, but this is still only good option.  Need to kill useless permissions from failed home experiment.
Thanks
Awesome
Patiala
faster
wow!
It really lags and it won't tell me if I have new friend requests or messages 
Samsung Galaxy S4 mini
its awsome
VG
Bored
Crap. Can't get my photos and won't let me go to my timeline. Utter crap! Goodbye Facebook hello Twitter me thinks.
Notifications don't show up consistently. Please fix. Thanks!
O
My phone is noticeably slower after the update. Screw this app and messenger
Slow to load, can't set recent newsfeed as default.
Nice
It ain't installing
I love this application, I can chat all my love ones, specially family and friends.
Takes way longer and updates slower, get this if you want to take a step backwards.
Update sucks plss make it as  hw early it was...
Good
Thanks facebook.
Since latest update cannot sort newsfeed. Makes the app useless.
Good app. Although once I updated it won't upload photos/videos...it says its uploaded them,but when I checked it hadn't!
Slow process
because i can and i want
Supercool
Very god
Force closes all the time
D dines
If running well installed 10 time to more all time same problume no new feed download plz help
All

Facebook
Download
Franquera
When i downloud facebook my phone isnt working that fast dont know why
Bad app keep close. Have to up date all time.
Now u can't even view most recent why do I care what my friends did yesterday
App is getting worse after every update recently, starting to think facebook is turning into another MySpace. Show most relevant first.
Very good
Supaaahhh Love it !! XD
Lol
Excellent
The best communication
Nothing to say about facebook..
Constantly.  Then after I exit out of the app it automatically opens it back up but is still froze so I can scroll at all or even tap on any thing to go to a different page. And when I can get it to work the videos won't play sound.
Best app 4 ever it's connect all over world
Keeps crashing, have to keep going to most recent or end up not knowing what's going on now, that'd if I ever get app to load!! Takes ages to open and when it does keeps closing on me, dislike thumbs down
nice
When I try to upload a photo, it crashes... pls fix it
It's awesome
For new version
New update keeps freezing on my phone and my wife's. Please fix app
Work's ok but still don't get notification sounds or a red notification on the fb icon! It's been 3 weeks now,  even after the latest update I get nothing. I've reported it to Facebook & Android & been ignored off both!  Please fix this!!!!!
Ever seen on earth.
Excellent UI
Its slow most of the time
It doesn't play videos ... Its appearance is not so gud as of previous one...
Good
Good
cant do anything
Facebook the best..
It is a very great app
It's good...BT we cannot upload videos from this app..
Plz reduce the size.It eats up most of my phone memory.Mine is a jellybean 4.2.2 os.Worst part is I cant even move it 2 sd card without rooting my device.DISGUSTED.
Smart
Loved it
Facebook is great to find many people and catch up on old times !
Supar dopar ...... but my mobile hiking par mara mobile
It make me feel good and I want always online
I love this app..
Faast
useful
Facebook
Liked
Coool
Incridible app
Beautiful
Good
Ushassree
Good
Last update shows all posts on my timeline with incorrect time all appear as just now
This is awesome
This is so fantastico! Me gusta mucho el face y ahora lo puedo usare en mi chaffa fone! :) gracis ;*
FB used to be simple and fun many moons ago. Today it is an app that brings out frustration for the lack of functionality. Friend updated not showing up, no notifications received, events not showing up, constantly freezes, the list goes on
Facebook android app is easiest way to stay connected with your buddies. In social networking world facebook is undoubtedly ahead of all and this app is always help you to easily share your statuses, locations, pictures, videos etc.
I know that android L is only in developer preview and that is the reason why i didn't give you a stars down :) but there are some bugs like stunning, freezing and some bugs like invisible background and kind of that. Please work on it I need this app stable for sharing. But I understand that I must wait for official release. Thanks for you guys!! And repair that f...g long time when somebody post something its showed after many hours in app
When you scroll in New feed and than open a link in a browser when you go back in FB app the newsfeed start from the 1 story again.
Good in contact friends and relatives
Boss
its awsom cool liked it
Firstly, i cannot unfollow any post that i replied. And the second, it always automatically refresh the page, losing all what i just read on my newsfeed far below. Usually i had to give in and pass along, but now is too much....  Update: after the latest update, i can say i am satisfied with Facebook. Great, keep it up! =)
very nice
Been getting better
5 star when we can copy the post  from the wall
Awesome
Deshmukh Daswani
Very easy to use
Works well on old version  Oppz whats happening After the update always error in loading newsfeeds. Too much consumption RAM and space allotted 200MB. OPTIMIZE it.
verry slow ones you upgrade
always updete
Excellent
fcci k
Niceeeerrr
Love it
User friendly and easy way to stay in touch.
It's the only way I get to see most of my family so... I suppose it's a good app?
Bagus
V nice
Just have a look
House wife
gud
Excellent
Really nice
Was working fine until the latest update!! Now won't scroll through my timeline
Perfect self-informing spy app!
Thacker
I cant download it really annoyed.
Whenever update is available it starts crashing..y? Is dis ur strategy to get more dwnlds.
It occupies more memory please fix these
I can never watch a video through Facebook, always comes up with unknown errors. Also, my news feed seem to be outdated as I'm seeing stuff that friends have posted a couple of days ago.  !!!Sort this out!!!
Whenever i need it the most it crashes at that time. Had to remove and reinstall.
Is keeps kicking me off and i updated it and now it keeps freezing then kicks me off... Wat the hell fix this.
It is ok but u need internet for it
Best app ever
Good
Needs to show most recent posts  and  takes up to much  space
Wow
The last version is freezing my phone every 2 minutes!
Thakyou
It's ok
Ever since the new update, Facebook has been working a lot better. I have no problems at all.
890123
awesome aap
Very Good Apps
Farca Cana
I like face book
Good
Thanks free fb :)
I love staying in touch with family and friends.
Ok
Keeps on crashing after the last update... please fix this.
Love it
Good app. *****+
Always freezes my phone, crashes. I don't like it.
If we run fb video then fb will crash.
Rajnn
Good
Awsome!
I am only making a facebook account to get free stuff in games.
Thats i Z very slow for those that processer which are in only 1.ghz
My news feed won't refresh at all >:) This app just keeps getting worse
Plz...weneva I download it hangs my phone plz admin make out smthng for god sake
Because it works fine
Facebook
Loved
Only shows posts to about 10% of people and tries to do things I never asked it to do
News
After I updated every time I open the app it says unknown error. Then trouble loading news feed. Tap to retry. But my connection is fine. I can access Facebook if I uninstall the updates or if I use my mobile Web browser. Please fix!
I love it
Sucks just put it out the updates !
Always comes up with posts from 3days ago....why not in order...
Thuh
Tamshidwadi   Malshiras solapur
Awww.. its junk cause its always uninstalling when i turn off my tablet when i open it again,it is gone, why?
Unfortunatlay not good for low memery phones.  Dengerous for cpu.  It drain btery rapidly and hang u r phone all tyme. Plz make smaller . 20 mb size is almost grabing my 80 mb phone memery and make phone slow
fast and reliable
Recent updates made this app to occupy lots of space... Dislike
Awesome
Sick
You get to play games on Facebook with your friends
Uses too many memory
Is veryvery nice Ilove facebook
009
The videos keep saying unknown error and then u click ok and the video works fine. Keeps doing it in the middle of videos too. Please fix. On Sony Xperia z1
:*
Ggl
Sooooo cool !!!
Keeps freezing phone or won't open. Totally unusable
Android 4.0.4 video covered, sound left only.
Its mordernizd
Still very nice.
Good like
The new update isn't allowing me to write statuses or comment on anything...really disappointed
Mana
I like
It just crashes all the the time.I keep scrolling down and suddenly the app is exited.
Good
V v nice
Unable to share to private message like the web version.
I like fb but this fb stops
Nice apps
Facebook's
Mmmmmmm
Quite good
Good
Good
I love this app I can stay connected with my friends and family with the click of a mouse!!!!!
Nice app..
If I transfer fb on to memory card, everytime I change my memory card, I got to go through the hole process again, about done with it, way to much drama anyway.
Facebook
Fb is my fev  app
very good
Keeps crashing!
If i could rate zero i would...none of my friends updates come up on my newsfeed!!! Please fix this.
Everytime I open my facebook account it always crashed! I can't open my notification! It's useless updating if it's always crashed!
Facebook... please stop updating.. you're making it worst.... I can't talk to my relatives properly because it keeps on saying  "unfortunately, facebook has stop" stop updating.. If I could give negative star,I would..
I want to see what is happening now! Why on earth do I want to see the thingsthat happened days ago when I already decided it wasnt interesting then?
No description
Addicted
Salim
It keeps on freezing all the time when I'm looking through
When Facebook running,my phone begin to shut down.Plss fix that and I'll give 5 star
Nice
If I get to know who created facebook Iwill ........!!!!!?????????!!!!.... .
App
Helo
It always crashes.
Vibrates on notifications even in silent mode (vibration off), constantly walling me up
Sometimes it wont connect
The updated version is lik sum prehistoric crap.....fix it!!!
Best app for keep on touching with my friends.
Like

To be a nice
I love you
After the last update, the app keeps crashings and it even takes longer for the news feed to load. Dissapointed :(
Excellent app ....
Nice
Happy to meet my friends through facebook app  Wonderful app
Fabolous
Too much problems while open n closing please fix it up
Wonderful
We ALL WANT to be able to see NEWEST FIRST in our news feed. WE ALL keep asking. Yet THEY JUST KEEP being more intrusive with each update. Deleting updates until they make it so my firsts posts are NOT A WEEK OR OLDER. Anyone who wants this should rate them one star to tank their ratings.
Good
The new update its okay. But the news feed doesn't let me see the recent news it gives me any old news. Its scatters the new ones and the old ones?
I want to see latest post of each n everyone in mah frnd list..so plz fix it I dont wanna see weeks old posts n why it goes offline every now and den itshows a pending post in notification panel fir days.. fed up.
How could i like and share and tag and see newsfeed when this is always slow.. Fix this so that i can give you five star.  :(
Starts and runs in the background. Worse than using a basic browser to access facebook.
Biggiebangz
Kn
I wanna see my messages of friends now but not 2h later
hate the v.9.0
Are.......sali khup mb  khate  he application
Lvd it
Ppp
Supper
I like  it
Nice
Old is gold
Don't show top comments in page
:)
Good
Ituloy nyo lng ang pag papaganda ng facebook
Ihink I have finish all the process why should you guys give me back my facebook I 'm tired of editing text (capturing the picture and yet there is no results.) You keep on saying you are  trying to fix and yet you dint
my facebook isnt working keeps kicking me off
v.good
Something different
Superb..
Its not working good
It doesn't delete the old versions of the app... And also the download stalls at 75%!! I always have to Google and then download it! Not expected this from Facebook
It's a good app and I love using it on my phone.  It helps me to keep in touch with a lot of friends <3
Stop updating if you're not improving anything! Can't tag people in posts, nor pics! Smh... Can i delete this unnecessary upgrade??? Why do I have to post my status 2-3 times before it actually post? It really sucks... Get it together folks!!!!!
Good
It's a very good application
It would be great if this app could be transferred to sd card as it takes a lot of space.. Yet i love it, works smoothly, uses very little data when compared to using Facebook from any browser on phone . . .
Loved it
Slow
I want  to install it
Easily conecct to your friends if you fixed some bugs
Just luved it
So slow download
The app is missing unfollow post option. With no reason 200 notification came in 1 minutes on a post I made comment. I was following that fan page, is that obligation to follow every comment.
Every time I open it, "Facebook isn't responding do you want to close it?" Always shows.
Pretty average
Can hardly use it and its very slow, also it takes way too much memory for such a bad update
Xcellnt
My news feed and my messaged no longer load. It just gives me a black page. I've tried uninstalling and reinstalling as well as restarting my phone, please fix this
Fb......
LIKE FB
Good
lenovo
Putang ina....ang bagal update b ito or uplate
V good
Great way to connect with everyone!
Buquis
Showing network error if there is network conection.
R
yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy

Cool and fun to use
it¡®s good
Not working!!!!!!
Super like...
Ever since I downloaded the last update this app keeps freezing. I uninstalled it and am now reinstalling it to see if that helps.
Poor for a facebook app
Very nice good software
Why can't we send video to our friend as a message
Everytime I load it takes forever to get into the app then when I get/have notifications I press the little world then straight back to homescreen same goes for accepting friend requests and opening messages I am uninstalling this app and sticking to.the browser till this is fixed happens on both my phones and my.partners so its.not the phone :)
Fix the Newsfeed
Good
awesome chatting choice  to chat with friends
Not works well on 2G,
Ok thanks
Mencri rakan2
Good
It's very good
Do not like
Kulkulukulukulu
Very good app
Loved the app
It's fast which is cool and I like you can upload multiple photos at once, but it doesn't work anyway. Recently it's showing several day old status updates.  Oh, when you comment on a post the comment is reliable and very quick!
Hemmm...ok
Soooooooooooo nice app
Nice one
Love being here,never alone24*7
Excellent toll
Great app
Maslalo pa kita alagaan aswako
Superb!!
I love it
Iko poooooooooooooo.....keroro
Only because I love my new phone
Super
Toooo slow   after updates. .
Love it
Chirag Panchal
Videos cutting out...this is getting really really annoying. Followed by a very annoying message that something happened when playing this video... I can see that!  Just fix the cutting out problem please
It gets worse with every update. Uninstalling.
QUIT STOPPING ALL THE TIME ITS ANNOYING!!!and why do you take so much phone space?
Unknown error occurred while trying to play video.. I tried to clear cache and reinstall but still the same error :@
I love facebook.
Updates are awful, it gets more complicated every time, and its not the original fb it used to be :L
How do I see the most recent post this is doing my head in
A good way to connect the people whole over the world..:-)
Satpal Singh
since last update fb running slow keeps crashing my phone get it sorted getting friend requests from friends already friends.  still says un logged in when im not.  Think ive been hacked
Love
Totally worst app ever
Super
I alwyz wanted the option of removing tags n its finally here !
ok
From mobile data it consumes much more that it reduces balance in no time
99999
Nanjai
Uses too much memory
Nice app

Newsfeeds
Spying is main  Moto of this app
Vvvv good
Fb will not play vid on my HTC one m8 it says unknown  error
What's wrong with fb? It's getting sucks since last update. So many error and bugs. Please fix this!
This is nice
There is a problem in it.. whenever i download this app it covers 60mb space and after two dayz it automatically becomes of 130mb space which lowers my mobile memory. Please check this. i need it at evry moment but this problem is disturbing me :(
Nice
To Slow To load the images n videos
Very good to handle n understand
Plz reduce the amt of internal memory used by this app even after moving to SD card it takes about 26 mb space What the hell is this
Yesi,i loved it.now i cannot updating? Y.i think 3weeks until now im updating.i cannot give excellent..!!!
Yuukkkk.....
Fast

Baba nayak
Fb is my 2nd best friend
Harrish
:*
Greeting and loving
Please fix asap fb won't allow me to see videos that my friend posts. Takes 4ever to load :/
I cant upload pictures ! I cant chat with my friends ! When im opening this application .. It makes my phone lag ., Everytime you update , it become slower .., Fix it ASAP or im going to uninstall it .. Sorry ..
K
Nice
Jj
It's ok.
The old updates were better
Not working as it should
Excellent
Why it's not like web fb that I can post a pic in a comment. .this is why I gave three stars
Dont complain too much.the software is free right?
Chintan suthar
On android fb suckz,,lumia has it great,,,,dont know bout ios
This is best
Good working...
Seriously keeps freezing my entire phone && then it says it wasnt responding. Can even check it. Bloody useless
It is so amazing
Good
Needs further improvement with regards to its efficiency..It must have the option to download the vedios...I hope in the next update it will be taken care of...
Liked it
Great
This app single handedly kills my phone. I love Facebook, but this app sucks. Force close every time I use it and when it does work, it's only for 5 min. You'd think Facebook could make an app that works.
Awesome
It is not updating again, except I clear all data and sign in fresh!
Can't upload video's
Excellent communication
Very nice and helpful App.
Works great but takes up more than 100mb storage fix this then 5
Very loved it.
It reads trouble loading news feed. Fix it or else I m uninstalling the app
a nice app
This app is bull crap , uh! It has ruined my phone , it takes all space in android system . I hate it . Please reduce its volume or make it installable in SD card. Boooored uh!
It's very entertaining
I love how I can communicate with my relatives that live out of state.
Having fun this stuff
i like it..but sometimes it show connection.error that as my.connection is going well..plz fix it ...if makes me so annoyed

Great !
I can get in content with all my friends it great how much money do they get a year
India
When i click on any video to play, the app simply closes out
Good app for children and adults
I can do anything for facebook ;-3
It is very low quality app
Good
Interesting and excitement
Best app
app is responsive and useful now. I'm not a poweruser so I don't really miss any features...
Iya
Nice app i love this
Fun Social website
Keeps closing wont stay on for more then 30sec please fix so annoying
yes iknow
I like th.......,
Lolly
The easy swap navigation is awesome
Consumes much MB....  Still good
Because I can reply my mother in Switzerland
Too many little things, just make it frustrating.
Nice but not giving good speed
I don't want top stories, I Want to see things as there are posted, top stories is rubbish as you end up missing loads of friends status's.  Bad facebook.
Can't see the message and send back!!!
Pls update as soon as possible. If on phone cannot edit for the picture we need this app for wat?
Navigation from one page to another is difficult...
Worst, kills time, taking to much space.  N not in RT
Mast
Qwertyu77
Block
Ashhad shaikh
before the updet ths app is gd bt now nt gd
Is not so good only on for timepass
Splendid
Freezes and force closes on its own, unable to use my buttons on phone, and majority of items don't load within a reasonable timeframe.
I love fb so tis app is easy for me....
Here is a great suggestion, destroy this app and create a better one because updating this app every week takes up too much space and lets face it, its not getting any better. You guys are just making this app worse and space consuming. Bring back recent feed tab and a better interface of the app.
Good
Sucks....
Nice apps except for sm data consumption but works well on galaxy note 3
Get struckking
Rocking app
Bad boring
Doesn't even deserve 1 star! Can't even change from top stories to recent anymore. Freezes up all of the time not worth my time takes all day just to look at a few things.I don't want to see what happened a few days ago I want to see what's going on that day. The share button doesn't work we have to click on picture to send then the page doesn't get the credit we got it from. We can't post anything on someone else's page this especially needs to be fixed.
Love it very lovely. But how do I see how many friends I have?  Please someone help!
Good
Facebook crashes quite a lot maybe this needs to be looked at.
No option for most recent posts as default. Very irritating that every time I use app I have to change to most recent. It's a pain.
New updates are very smoothly working ...nice
It's awesome!!
it's good and easier to use, but facebook should really make a facebook lite just for low-end phones.   my low-end phone quite having a hard time using facebook. facebook should make a automatic lowering the quality pretty much everything.
Samsung galaxy s4
Whenever i play the video it always shows message "unknown error while playing". Plz have it fix.
Please fix it...thanks
superb'..............
Love it.
So after constantly getting hounded to update update update!! I finally do and now it don't work it crashes constantly and playing videos is a no go?? What's the point
I love it
Very Gudu app
It's too boring I can't give negative rating otherwise I  m  willing to do that
Gioo kakkaaaa
Facebook
unloaded
I
Doesnt show me a recent time line, instead shows the same rubbish posts from last week. Crashes my phone everytime I load it and is incredibly slow.
Cool app for exploring new things!
Wont work and hasnt for 5 days
Welldone.. so good
auto exit?mader pader you,fix it pls....video is not working once i restarted my fon
Now Samsung S 5
Facebook is so good it is a good way to talk and chat to your friends especially if they don't live near you thank you!!!
Image loading failed very often. playing video is also painful. first 2/3 video plays and then it says, sorry this video can not be played. With each update this app is going down & down. searching for an alternative.
Sok
This app sucks uses too much memory plz reduce it's size.
Much better now....
Facebook
Good
Works
Is not working good like the first time..

It works so slow i dont know wat to do
I really loved it :D
It didn't have a good messages felicity
Mrterrytagg
I love this app
The last two updates have resulted in a perpetual state of "update" moments after the news feed appears. Please fix.
Itz kinda nyc n fast dan da normal browser of fb :)
Jitu
Good
This is very good app not probs at all.
NyC
This update not working.
Very good
Everybody love it
Awesome
LIKE !!!!!
Nice
Good
Good it's very easy access speedy
good
Wow
Y has dis suddenly started occupying so much space on d phone..!! After d new update its working horribly slow.. N Cnt even link accounts.. Just fix it..!!
its get bigger and bigger ,the size of this app.. this app eating my internal memory..
I love this app it lets me stay up to date with people, and friends it alows me to play games
fix it!
Friend
Uses too much memory >.<
After new update, the app keeps freezing and then closes by itself. I wish I never updated it now!
Awesome
Way nicer !!
Sipp
It is very interested
nice this app
Good
Ye bhot achha app he but not fast
Addiction
Love this app. So much
It sucks.....................
Good apppp
Sucks
Nice
new to Facebook.. I speak American English.. but it is in Spanish, can't sit up& no matter what do, will not go to American English... Facebook will not help... Google will not help,WHEN Facebook contacts me, is in Korean,DUH!! help, help, help
It's Aiite...kinda old now
Love my face book!!!
Superb
Facebook is best
Like
Good
The best social Application
Muaa
Plz apply  more options to this app
Soo slow sometimes... and become frustrated
Mast but for time pass
I love Facebook
It always took an hour to upload pics though i have good internet connection. So irritating..
New facebook crap doesnt let u see half of my friends profiles doesnt show most recent posts always shows same old posts from hours ago no good at all needs sorting quik
P
So far so good for me. Love the new look and interface but most recent updates should be first on the news feed and not most relevant or better still give that option in settings
Preet
exellent
Good star more
That's gud
Good
The
Newsfeed has stopped loading. Cannot view pics or videos. Totally useless app now. Undo whatever u did last update pls**latest update and still not working **
Nice
What's happened to this..it keeps crashing and freezing my phone..fix please
I do not like the look of the app as much after the last update.
Awesome
Ya
k
It batter before but after update it will make my phone slow and slow....
Supun
Hsbsu
Every update is not so good.
Brilliant app

Moj ma revanu ane fb vaparvanu notenshn
Every video I dont wanna watch that I scroll to are auto playing and sucking my downloads ive turned auto play off and it still does it. Due this this flaw in a update o jabe recieved all up in 2 months a 300 doller bill all up fix it please
I hate the new fb I dont want to see stories from a week ago I want to see new stories! Please fix!
Mke me fill like my home to be stay away, wth my frndz  nd fmmly pepl activity on my screen wth just a swipe... but plZ mke updat at too long tym not being soo quick dyz..
Love the new updated version of facebook
It is a good site to keep in contact with our associates.
good
Superb
poor
Fine
Excellent
I like Facebook for its fun

kept talking me to upgrade so i did and now my fone doesn't have enough memory to hold the new fb app so i have no Facebook atall as the old Facebook is no longer on the app store! f u Facebook
Yeah its facebook. What more to tell
Happy to use it
Can't watch Facebook video on Xperia Z2. Keep saying error.
Very good
No one could update it....
Its Always Freezing. Please Fix It. I'm Getting Tired Of It
Every update makes my phone lag...i hate it.
I can't install it ! Make a new version so I can install it
Having lot of friend
HANUMANGARH TOWN
I am loving it
I like this
Nice
fantastic 4 searching our nearest n farest frnds
Cool
All the time came Couldn't responding try again later ..
nice
Just loving it...
5 stars
Nice
Download
Good application for knows about everything
aims
great
Since the last update, it freezes my phone and just crash! Why? Why facebook why? Please fix this now, everything is fine aside this bug. Please do something right away!! Thank you!
Its ok not very bad
:p
Super
Useful
Good
Unable to view others folder in my in box
it is realy fun
Super
Im Still Updating My Facebook :)
time pass
New look it's cool...
Super
Lg g2
Kalpana
This i rusted app not well
Very good
I love it.. but what happen facebook??i always update this apps..
no profile picture, I cant see every uploaded image bc it was only loading, and the size of this app is too big, sometimes I can't click the "most recent" bc it crushes. TT-TT plis fix it. why every app bcome worse after being updated 
Fb fb fbbb so great
Its v nice! Jisko lag jaye fb ki bimari oski to raato ki nind od jayegi  sari           isliye dosto na karo isko download to achi gujar jayegi zindagi tumhari
I love this Facebook <3
Aswome
Really loveable. !
Its awesome
Very good
Facebook
Bt Add delete page option i cant delete ma page from dis app
Where is half star :/
Job well done!
update
No
New verson is so better
Amazyng
coolapp
It's str8
Lebih
It aprogram social
It is very slow and I cant play videos..please fix it..
Nice'but slow page loading.please improve it. thanks
Helo
GREAT!!!
Its not possible to copy text in this app.. whereas opening fb in browser has tht option.. this makes it easier to share from fb to my watsapp or email
No good
Okay
Last version didn't
There is no diff in  updating videos play 2 slow nd takes so much time2 load
Upgrade
So much better & a lot faster!
Less ram consumption please
This is a good Facebook
AMIS DE DIEU MERCI POUR TOUS MON DIEU MERCI.
UPDATES ALOT, MOST ARE USELESS* IF IT WORKS DON'T IT*   ....AIGHT.!!!
Too much memory :3 whats the sense of update if it turns in a big memory :3
With this recent update you removed some features i liked for uploading photos. Actually there were a lot of features I liked that are now gone. I'm seriously considering going to Google+ now.
Why does it keep telling me to update when there is no update icon????
It won't even set up. Takes up too much memory, doesn't load properly and slows down my phone
Good
Okk
Love it wakwaas
Boooooo
Love it
I Think Chat Heads Is Not Working -_- Please Fix It
good
Facebook
like it
i love it cause you can talk to friends but i don't like it cause i can't play the games
Down-date the old version !!!! Would give 5 stars if downdated to the old version!! The worst app!!"
Loved it
Very useful
Doesn't do as much as I would like to do, takes up too much memory, it is slow. Good for nothing but looking at and posting statuses. Bart ly ever loads pictures and almost never loads videos and crashes!
It doesnt show all my news feed please fix
Great!!
Why every day update of Facebook. .I disliked it....
Nice aap
Facebook is great but the only problem is every new update makes memory full sort it out for f...s sake doing my head in memory full all the time i use fb
Yosh! I love it nigga
Crap update,can't like anything or upload pics and errors when posting.fixs it or I'm deleting for good this time.
Irritating....
Cant move to my memory card it feeds alot of my space in phone memory pls fix this and will benefit all of your user's
Kill this new Facebook application and the invasive, resource-heavy Messenger application with fire!
Don't do it
Cool
Wronger
Can't update it on my A9
I love it. Best social networking site of all
Crashes a lot
Awesome but please fix some bug at Galaxy Ace
Dhaliwal
Nice
Amazing appp....wow
Good..but need some..advance
here the 0 star option has to be... Facebook for android was always a worst app.. Friendcaster for facebook however steals the show...
i love this facebook
Love it
Wow
Sanjayjagnani
Lang
Excellent
Like it
Loved it, who cares what time u see what your friends did, at least we're up to date with each others lives!
ho

I love face book
But i hope there wolud be themes in facbook so that it won't be boring
Best
Super
Not bad
Qqq11@
Yeahhb
Nakakakilala aq ng madaming kaibgan dhil sa facebook
Ok
How do you like that loading circle, guys? Well, if you like seeing it for at least 2-5 minutes when you open Facebook, then download this app ASAP!
Lol....tooo much lol!!!
I loved it....
Fb how block????
USES TOO MUCH STORAGE!!
I would like to save my frnds status update when i like it.. Pls make sure that i can also do it in u r next update...
Very good for the new jenretion
Nice
Superb....
But it takes FOREEEVER to load
It is quite disconcerting not to be able to copy and paste on Facebook walls. I hope this will be corrected.
This is the best app
When I'm in the app, It get my all memory!!! Please fix it!!!
IM USING NOTE3 THE APP CRASHES AND WHEN I TURN OFF THE SCREEN I CANT TURN IT BACK ON -.- DEYM
vry good
Facebook app is good very good specially u can use stickers through dis app.. lil problem it crashes so fix it
Keep up the good work
Its just drama plz dont get facebook u can change ALOT
Very nice app.
I like it u must download this one
I like that the birthday reminder now appears under notifications but does not give all the birthday reminders for a specific day. *Frustrating*
Useless except for friends Bdays.
Five stars to this lovely application.
Love is always unconditional.
Mast application
too slow when downloading
Dofop
Best
I love this app it is so cool wish they had a Facebook number 2
I dont get notifications for the birthdays of my friends on facebook on time. Please provide facebook calendar where we can see upcoming birthdays and also fix the notification problem.
Ok
Cool!app but what's app sold for facebook his bad work for what's app and virus update for fb, what's app.
Great Way to Connect!
Not happy! Wish I'd not updated it as it just constantly crashes now! Why?!
Its cool and cool and cool. And my phone is getting low. Haha but its fine. :))
Empty.  .Q .
Its very nice app to chat with our freinds
loved it
Great work
Cant do without
Updating made it easy and faster all pictures clearer.
ameging app.
This is totally awesome
Am enjoyed this app
every update is worst than the previous
thank u
Superp
connecting people
I love facebook but i dnt get notification alert.even is set
Sup
Good
Best ever
Superb
Good app.......
Dell Inc.Dell Venue
Good
Everytime I open facebook it keep freezing and lagging please fix these i give 5 star if you din..Thanks
autoload
Good
Kindly give the widget, and download option to download facebook videos..
I updated the app and then it quit working. So i uninstalled and have been attempting to re install but it wont download.  Really frustrating. Ive tried all of the troubleshooting tips/tricks and still wont download. I know i have enough storage space for it so thats not the issue.
Gooood app thanks
Loved it
Like like
Keep getting message that saying there was an error playing videos and won't play videos. Kinda annoying.
Ni     ce
I think it takes up tooooooooooo much space. Its like trying to take a bubble bath but you accidentally put toooooo much bubbles in so you try to get rid of them but you cant and then your bath is ruined. Basically this app would be a lot better if it didn't take up so much goddamn space.
Good 5.
I love Fb .. I may not be fbf but with ought Fb there's nothing to do on my phone .. :/ love it
I can't  even download it poor app
Great performance. Looks cluttered. Make it look great and more beautiful :)
Soon its going to be one of the in build app..:)
Super app
I think it's a good Facebook application
Stop with the goddamn updates everyweek man u ppl suk
Love it. But its slow sometimes!
Shivpandey
How can I set facebook app so it remembers the password???
The last update was terrible totally screwing up the news feed, and then the newest one has just made the whole app crash! Facebook have totally lost touch, all they care about now is paid posts and advertising and finding ways to get more ads in everyone's news feed.
iliked ittttt
Irfan
GREAT
nice app. thank you so much developer for the wonderful improvement of facebook for android.
Awesome
How to remove tag from photos
Nice
Best one
The images take ages to load on the page.
I
Speciallly I liked the new interface.. awsum
App needs fixing does not show what is most recent
Ah Vy Love
Tuni
Easy still tho to miss updated posts.
Don't really understand why it had to change as the one version was easy to use. Find it really frustrating that I can not view the most recent posts in the news feed section. Just annoying that the default setting is top stories.
Facebook
It was fine the way it was, what's with the continuous updates? And getting locked out of my account or even having it disabled out of the blue? It's ruined now.
Students
Pyar china ka mal h
Make it easy to use
Its great I really like it helps u communicate with others from far away
Very fast
Was fine till i updated it!! Couldn't even open it for more than 5 secs without crashing!
Pls allow caching to sd.
Really a great
This app was perfect before the update but right after I updated it didn't install so I tried it again and it didn't work so I didn't update it then I noticed an app called custom ics search widget and I tried to install it but it didn't work, everything worked before I tried to update this app and before I knew it, my phone didn't let me open any of my apps then I tried deleting it and it didn't work, then my phone kept restarting by its self and my keyboard would never open up and I tried to factory reset
Take more time to update  videos play take more time to play
gud job
Why can't I VIEW THE MOST RECENT STORIES IT ONLY DOES TOP STORIES I DON'T LIKE THAT please change it
What it is
Super cool
Lovely
i dont have a problem over my wifi. but when i seeing the picture. it will crash. fix it and ill give ¡ï¡ï¡ï¡ï¡ï star
Nice.
REALLY? I CANT ACCESS SOME OF MY POSTS. LAGGING TOO. WONT LOAD ANYTHING EITHER.
So amazing! I like the updated facebook (: But I suggest to make an emoticon chooser. So that we can make emoticons easier (: x
Leceh betul
I luv because its too fast
It is very streamungs social
Ok...it's getting better. .. Finally!  ^_^
Still it doesn't bother me but slow update
Rockets
Error when playing video... Please fix
Very good
Adalah aplikasi sosial yang mantap namun banyak orang yg menyalah gunakan
Good
Yo faster than browsers this is my favourite app.
Been having trouble viewing videos. When I click on them they don't play, only hear the sound. I click the back button and the video plays, but there is no sound. I uninstalled and installed and it still doesn't work. Does anyone else have this problem?
k
Eror and uses too much memory!..
Very nice excellent
Iwantomakemyfrnd
I love facebook
Kaim
There goes my privacy.
Easy to chat and no tell some think best Facebook app
Sorry
Thanks
Takes too much of my phone memory..each and every update sucks.
Superb and informative
Worst app ever. Each update seems to make it worse...crashes, force closes, lost msgs and comments. I'm only keeping it because I need to stay in touch with certain people. Otherwise id have deleted it a long time ago
Can't see any pie in comments now. Forced to update to this crap. Stop making it worse
Your videos do not play. You have all the money in the and you cant get streaming right. Pull your finger out and fix it. Been not working for months now you nitwits
Love the new design
It would be nice of there was an option again to choose if you wanted to view most recent or top status
U fix my complaint.. keep it up..
I like apps fb
Takes forever to load I been waiting for 20 min now.
With all these updates, keeps getting worst and causing lags and crashes :(
Facebook is lif3!!
This is good social networking site using of various software games and other work
It automatically shows Top stories. Most recent used to be an option. Put it back!
I Love it facebook
Moto G
So slow
Harry bhinder jeet
Loving it
Cool app!

Ia boleh coment,like and share
Luv it.... but dnt ask for regular updates
Shiv kuma

I cant download it  I gave it a 1 star only..
thanks
The app has now become too heavy nd it slows down the low end mobiles too mch by running in background..whatsapp has an excellent light ui nd is appreciated by most of people..plzz try to update it bt plzz also try to reduce its size nd ram usage so that we dont have to run behind alternatives lyk fast,etc..luv u facebook..bt just little bit disappointed from ur current updates..:-) hope u all will consider my suggestions..all the best

U love it and i love it to
Uses a lot of space
App doesn't work properly freezes and crashes after about five minutes.
Takes up too much space. Needs to stop updating!
Good
I like it
Nice app
Nice
Its improving!
Love it's
My Facebook parfail nuaa nuaa sanga sahita friend sif rakhibaku chahen out cantry sahita chhatapilamanank sahita all the best
Good
Pri
not working could not be downloded
Nice
Really sucks
New n nice
App is just not really worth downloading anymore. It sucks! There's to many problems with it. The most annoying  thing about it is that it force closes when it's not even running and every time I try to report it it doesn't do anything. It would be amazing if it worked perfect like it does on web..
Excelente
Love fb
It gets close automatically.
ever since ive updated it, it keeps on crashing. help!
Nice and its updated
I should be able to look at my news feed in order,not hav it go from 10hrs to 5mins ago
Only keeping it because occasionally I need to contact people asap (messenger app was even worse). The most unstable app I've ever used, crashes and freezes all the time. Very intrusive as well (though adjusting settings can alleviate that). Doesn't keep synced with my regular FB use on my pc; as in, notifications for messages stack up to be seen a second time. Fairly rubbish app really, avoid unless you actually need it.
It don't lag or close for me and you have to go to the 5th tab I think  and just go down till you see recent then you get the most recent post but that still shouldn't be necessary it should  just show recent by itself
Working much better now please improve speed otherwise working good
it really good but slow..
Facebook not only helps us stay connected to friends and family but different fan pages ect. But I know the Facebook staff has a lot more up their sleeves I bet you guys are going to make a video messenger next or even a video chat toggle which would be really cool its the next big thing I guarantee it thanks Facebook creator and staff signing off
Love it
Nice
I seriously enjoy it...& I give 4.5 star for new update.
Love It
Hi
Waheguru
Fb forever
Awesome
I like it
napaka bagal tinalo pa ang pagong update sucks..kainis
Glglglyt
Good
After recent update this app have became very lag & most of the time unresponsive!
Kom
After the update, keeps force-closing :-(
Okey
vinod kanu
Meb
Namber
Best App Ever #TeamFacebooook
Best
Nice
Stop updating .....
Hinigo kaayo.,-!!!
Facebook
Like like
Please fix the bugs, whenever i open the likes of a post the app crashes.
Don't frekin work wtf
Addictive
Rab
5star
Use it friends....
Sometimes I can use the app but most of the time I can't because when I touch it it doesn't do anything. So I force close the app and re open it a gray screen comes up and then flashes then I can't use the app at all because the touch screen doesn't work.
Won't even load now.
Fails every time! Uses too much memory !
Sunnysinh vaghela
Not a bad change
Ever since the last update it keeps crashing. No good.
THX FACEBOOK Tha New Update is kickass WoW 5Stars
the best
Average..
Not able to download, or update it in one try. Need 3G all the time.
Happy
Good
Works very bad after last updates. Sent a report for blackscreen after launching the app. Please fix
Fresh ur mind
It's very nice
This app keeps on crashing after a few minutes. Hello developers do you hear me?
Tahir
I would think updates and what nots would have worked better... make the app more enjoyable, nope... guess not... it continues to force close when I try to update.... not cool
Superb app
Cool
Sdgy
Awesome
App comes up with message to update each time. The update fails each time. Doenloading the update then saying that it failed to install in the default location. Frustrating as downloading it each time.
Nami nami gid
The update always freeze up
good
what a app. just awesome.
Fast ever Facebook app
CMS
Very slow to download
majedar
Its really awesome an entertaining appppppp.....
Well
Very nice and I liked it
Facebook fast and easily .so everybuddy update your facebook.     Nice it is-------new people join...
It is timepass
Its very cool
Like
I love you books
I love it
I love it
Love this amazing apps!!
When accepting face book app its clearly using words of gathering information of Call log, Caller ID, WiFi, Camera while vilating our rights to privacy.

U KEEP SAYING I NEED TO RESEND MY EMAIL BUT I KEEP WAITING FOR HOURS PLS. LET ME US IT I MADE THAT ACCOUNT!
Excellent
Fix it.
Awesome
it don't get no better Sagloveme
Not a fan of the owner and the way he LOOKS at all we do. Big brothers watching! Mark you are as bad as the US GOV. And u sale are info. And make even more $!!!!!!
Constantly freezing, and it's slow
Every update makes Facebook even more disgusting. What are you guys doing idk.
All my day happy spend
Good
Tuni
Facebook
Posts are not real time. I miss too many updates from my friends and family.
Trantruong
123
not working could not be downloded
Luz
Solid social app for all types of people
i love facebook
After i have updated the fb app for my S3 it crashes frequently and has made my phone extremly slow..considering uninstalling the app if fb cant find a fix asap
Love it
Horrible app ever .
cannot watch all video in my status
Camilo.amador
Stop update :(
The last version was way better. This one is way to in your face and now way to fix it. Also no way to fix it to see the most current friends status as opposed to the most popular one for days or weeks ago. Just a crappy app. Wish the old version was still available.
¨Î¨à ¨ä
Very good
This app is very slow plz faster app upload
Afzal
Nice app
Love the app but why see FB displays yesterday's posts before the latest posts (including my own just posted?)...also delays in viewing even my own profile pics (never mind my friends'). And there is no option to uninstall the latest upgrade!
Me gusta :D
hi
Mum
It is a good app.
I just can't updated it new update needs a lot of space and I just don't get it y make it so hard
Pollito
Jose
I love you books
I like it
Wait
Kollam annaa
Wow good features
This is the best
Would like to see the send file added to chat options just like on pc.
Download
It take to  much memory        badbadbadbadbadbadbadbadbadb
Irfan bloch
iloveit
Not bad
Its all update is tacking very bad and also tacking too much memory so i wanted to give nagativ
Perfect!
Its ok people just be glad dam
Dingh
Useful
Every update sucks!
This app is force closing fix it quickly
Good
I just update fb and try to share things on my page, but option "Share on page u manage" (which was came before update) not available.  Which makes uncomfort for me :( plz fix it...
Size too big..can't even put it on SD card
Nice one
Great for families to keep in touch, thanks!
Its very nice but hard to install so 4* guys
Update - better now. Update#2 - latest update is horrible. No way is faster..much slower. Downgraded from 4 stars to 3, now from 3 to 2. C'mon!
A lot better since last update
Nothing much to add... just facebook, nice interface for the mobile device
Sexy app
Good
Guna777
Ilove this app
Love it
Very bad. It takes more than 130 mb from ram memory
Love it
Great
Y
Awesome
Love it
I want you're cornbread..!!!!!!
Try to understand aam aadmi. Party and join it
Nice
New updates sucks for that just two stars
Ya gud one
nice
Very very useful , but somebody misuse , otherwise everything is ok
Facebook took almost half of my internal memory! -.- Which prevents me from downloading other apps. I'm uninstalling it. I'll install it again when it doesn't require too much memory.
Goooood !
Well played fb
Good
Daduram
Good
I maen decent
Like
Some times when iam using the fb app suddenly it automatically logout and says this season expired login agai  so plz plz plz fix it.
The Best of The Best.
TOT
Hate this update . Its awfull so i only use my browser or as i phone user would say sarf
Love what you've done with the app. But when I share pictures, I don't know why it gets uploaded as a part of my mobile uploads . also work on adding a feature to reply to comments.
Its too boaring app ..it not given me a android icon plz give me that icon which actually use a android phone..im dwnload both fb n messanger bt it not give me a android icon...:-(
Cool
It sucks...
Good applicn
Chicago
Lol you guys must have older phones if it is laggy.
Love it
make my phone lag out. . totally bad.
Good
I like it
Love it
It won't ever let me open the app fix please!
Better
Loveeeeeeee It
lovely
Very nice
Makes my phone laggy with the new update
Agree with what another user said. Nobody wants to know what happened 10/15 hours ago, or worse, 2 days ago! Also, when browsing through groups or pages, it always jumps back to the top. This happens when browsing through old posts as well. Ridiculous!
Every updates make my phone hang fix them take too much of memory
stop updating
I luv it
Love it
It suits me than update facebook
Itz amazing app
Easy to use
awsome
Love it
Every time I'm download it will always crash :(
I liked it but the loading speed of images
I really like if fb can view recent post
Good one
I like it
When i try to refresh the chat/messages. It says "something went wrong." The animated stickers are not moving :(
A person just gets used to the existing service and then you change things again. That's irritating. Otherwise, I'm really enjoying my experience with the app.
What do u expect?
Need to upgrade in most recent updates ..not one hour ago. .it should be like twitter.. 2 seconds ago ..
It is very famous and liked app
people belong any places.. We can talk with
There is a problem when some mention u in a comment , in this app it doesnt appear first , however in normal web page it does !! Also there is no replay to the comment on this app !! Plz make an action :) thank you
Awesome
Awesome
Not that better
Sumanta from baburanipara bhatpara 24pgs north
Does not let me upload photos. Fix and I'll give a better rating.
ok
Nice
Like it
Its Facebook of.course its.awesome!!(:
Excellent
Uses phone memory and occupies lot of space. There should be option to move to ext. storage.  Also not able to play videos.
it Crashed on me
Very useful application
Yea bad man ting
Suci
Ever since i did the update of facebook i have had nothing but problems with it.
I'm uploading my pictures from yesterday's event, and until now I can't upload even a single photo. I already check my other social media apps but theirs is working. The Internet connection was fine. Hope you guys can fix this. I still love FB, but hope this will be fix ASAP.
zxx
Love it
Nic...
Cant get back to newsfeed from inbox so when I go back I have to scroll all the way back though to get beck to where I was, and make most recent the default
Not fast as said...........so its a bad update
Fine
King in social media
Its a great thing created by M.Zu !
Its awsum
Excellent
ok
Easy to use. Way more efficient than mobile fb.
Love it so much the only problem was the video and is already fix good app
Love it!
I have never despised facebook so much- EVER.
Top
Nipora
I love it
good app
Ok
Why i cant even log in i cant remember my password now please please lend me a hand
Love
I like this app because we can download any picture from it we can do anything and it is easier to use facebook this app is superb.
This app is very very usefull
Supper and faster
Since the "update", I can't post anything and the LIKE option disappeared...
Harsha
I cant load picture now the last update it is good but now it is sucks
Connection timeout is basically a routine with this rubbish you called "app". The need to restart every single time the app doesn't connect to the internet is a total nuisance plus playback errors
Good app
Very gud app....
Love how I can keep in tpuch with friends n family.
I love this app I found family & friends I haven't seen for along time and family & friends found me on here too
Please add the customise option in "edit privacy"
I love this
This fb browser is amazing. All notifications and post are reply is so good.....
Wonderful experience of using fb app with gr8 photo quality ..
My social connection.  :D
u
302
Maybe facebook app before is great comparing now..just fix easy to use facebook app stop updating..  -thanks
Love it
PLEASE FIX SOON. Every user with this phone is getting same invalid package or reinstall error message. The largest prepaid provider just marked this phone half off and they can't keep it in stock. Please fix soon.
need to let ppl change their names instead of waiting 90 days jus dumb
Keeps giving me error won't allow me to download
What ever happens I love it...Facebook
Fix it!
Fck this apps
Wouldn't even download
The last update messed up tagging capabilities.  Please fix.
Loved it
Use to love it now I'm ready to uninstall it & close my account for many reasons 1) I can't see pictures or videos my family & friends post.  2) it freezes on too much to the point that I have to uninstall it and reinstall it again. 3) it takes forever to post my pictures or change my status...
I use facebook in my free time
Fast download
Have subtly changed privacy issues. They collect everything about you. But hey it's Facebook, so welcome to the machine
meh
Fix it jesus!
Tagged
Hey no pos sige higual de lento la chingadera nadamas ke revolcada
Its esy to use
Nice....
Recent update kills my battery
awesome app
U
Nice app
memory
winharesh the best way of getting
Development apps
:'(
Nice
Love Facebook.. but when I updated it.. it was very slow at everything... PLEASE SPEED IT UP!
My fb on my phone is too slow
This app sucks
Social Media
Video upload blows fix it cause it shouldn't take 2 hours to upload a 1 minute video. Also why can't you move a picture to another album. You can do on upload but can't move on mobile device once done. Fix this! Instead of being concerned with booting pro hunters off Facebook.
very nice
Fye
I have this app on my windows phone and it works really great.
So lagging! Pls solve tq
when i see comment there have unknown profile only got information jan 1,1970 that lead to the old same comment been repost again....fix this bug
Now This app improving Day by Day... Just need video massege suport for Samsung galaxy Y
Y it stuckz sumtym.....

Too much space need ti install. Plz reduce the installation space
Good speed
Very good
Nanibabu - 143@yahoo.co.in
best
It eats all my memory!! I can't even download some apps because of this big memory! Ugh!!!
love it
Its awesome its Facebook at your fingertips
Sucks
Samshad Ali
It totally sucks when i updated it. The last version was better than this one.
Amo  a Facebook
Well I have to say I enjoy the app overall however,  I find it super annoying when you're reading along in the news feed and all the sudden out of no where you're back at the top again and have lost your place or what you were reading about. That really needs to be fixed! Otherwise it's enjoyable.
Videos are not playing unknown error!
please add sorting feature on update from friends
Super se uper hai aaps
God
Good app
Forever but the thing is there is no videos download option after the update please review the same status before which are available
When I'm using this app it always  crashes. and also the most recent post can you fix it? It's not that much of a user friendly anymore but keep it up! Well, there is no perfect app. There can be always flaws.
Very good
Iphome 5 imam i to sranje nevalja
Its really slow
Supun
Luv it
Nice
Very good
It always freezes then force close; FIX IT!!
Too much lag and crashing. Needs to be fixed
Jh
Eta faltu version
Have to keep deleting and reloading because it eats up my memory looking at posts.
i use this app and totally satisfied
like
CU
Good

It help to connect to family and love one and spreading the word of god not doing foolishness with it
Madt hai
I will be scrolling through my newsfeed and it will scroll all the way to the second post.  I don't check Facebook that often so you can imagine how annoying it is to keep trying to find where I left off as I'm looking through my newsfeed.
Some good and sad
Fast with Facebook
Great to connect and chat with friends and family from other places thank you FB..
Ok

Dont like that you can no longer set your news feed to most recent.  Have to scrol forever to see new posts.
Luv facebook a lot
And unfortunately it can't be moved to external!!
Love using it
Its face book just be careful what you write and think before u  post .
Good but it crashed but good cx
Gud good
After I installed the latest update everytime I go on a page or on a friends profile it crashes back to my home screen. I have an HTC One and I would like you to fix the bugs so it no longer does this.
I can socialize with friends
I loved it

loved it
I love it
Good for communicate with world friends......soooooooogood................
Electrician loved it
Firecamper
Boss
Its awesome
Facebook
EXTRAORDINARY
Use the browser. Locked up the phone.  Would not list the most recent posts first.  I just deleted the app and went to use chrome.
So many mistakes. Really dislike the app now. It doesnt even let me like or comment on posts
What d hell have u done??....after d update i cant see any videoes in facebook....earlier everything was fyn...please see to this problem as fastbas posible.....
I love fb to keep up with friends...
Good
this Facebook application is very good application
I don't care about others opinion about Facebook as long as i keep in touch with my friends and relatives i am contented
Way too long to download and to access !
Allah always with us
I use it for all social networks to expand very useful
DJ k SF McHugh thru
Face book
It's OK
Like this update, but sometimes it goes off when I scroll up and down! Pls, use sharp colours in chat box and titles ...
Today I could not use this app properly.. at least ten times it crashed today. Please fix it Asap
Hansraj upwanshi
Takes too much time for every thing..
face book
I wish that u could save a friends picture if you like it!
Very annoying..... Can't open it.....
Facebook don't dowload
good
Good
This app be looking fine today !
Awesome
sangat mudah mencari teman
Won't load anything...just get error messages!!
I enjoy it!
Love it
First down load version size 22.33mb after I update it on weekly once now the file size goes to 78mb. Very soon FB file size increase to 1GB. So i uninstall it. The FB admin update the version on day by day but no changes and no more features in new version and the page opening is very slow.  Now I using FB through Google Chrome its too much fast.....
Just crashed 9 times in one day i just hate this app...
Nice
Sweet
Ilovefacebook
Awesome
Friggin works on my phone. Haha
Once updated couldn't find icon to open it.  So had to go back to store to open app.  Then kept force closing.  Deleted it.  Might be my phone. But it worked before update.
I love this app :-)  :-)
This is best app for android phons i use this second time this is best
Fb
Ok
The app works at first do not update screws it up won't open force closes it's crap force close friends all the time Android optimus LG...And the kyocera does the same all this time have not been fixed WTF.
Great app to stay connected. Don't need to rely on desktop any more.
Love it
Best app love it so muck can't stop using it
Its fine and sometimes slow instagram is way better
Iggy azalea parody of my favorite things that are not an intended recipient of the most important thing in
It is cool
Awesome app......
I loved it   H
Owwsam...
Shankar rahane
I love you
I feet
month and months update
When I did my update it just started to crash, this is very inconvenient
Me
Love it
= )
I would like to know what my friends status at the time I get on not what it was hours before. Videos won't play and it knocks me completely of Facebook at times when I try and play a video. Plz fix
Not the fastest running but it does work just fine.
Facebook stop working.. please take note!!!!! Once more
The section in Notes wherein the tab for my own notes disappears. All that it shows are the notes posted by my friends.
Too slow not letting any videos play
Please fix this problem.video cannot play..
Baldania clinic
Ime on a samsung galaxy s i897 and my facebook moves slow and crashes but i still like facebook
Keeps on asking for updates that are not even useful!!
Prem 

Ese download kar le bhai
Takes long to load video lags a lot
Why is there so many steps to get the MOST RECENT status? Last update WON'T allow me to turn off notifications Would have been NO STARS but they make you leave at least one.
Facebook is a good way to see fr
Good
So nice  you make video call on fb
Always get gray screen when launching
Always crush after update
Good
I think one more functiouns add in fb on android phone so very nice the functions is video call from android mobile so we can used video chat. Also kindly add functions of copy and past updated post.
Like it
Love it!
It is better than the internet browser
It works way faster than the original .
I had to do a factory reset on my phone after i updated facebook...update your facebook they said....it'll be fine they said...
Nice.
pham van
It cool man
Like it
I had  facebook before and it was awesome
Use too much memory
Facebook app is very impotanat to us..:-P
It's so easy and simple and clutter
Nancy baskins
I like its
Suck
who love friends.....they love facebook
Stop making such big updates.  I have to remove other apps just to get the update to download. I finally just uninstalled it and reinstalled it.
De  besti luv it
An useful our friend circle
Very bad aap
i started.
It is a RAM Eater. It slows down my device. It should have an option to not run on background, also it consumes 85-100 mb on internal storage. It cannot be moved to sd card as other apps. Fix it, then i would give it 5 star.
Nice
And always has been. Apparently it always will be. Searching messages is a disaster, and keyboard stalls when typing inside of the app. Otherwise keyboard is fine. And I don't care that I can take extra steps to get to the most recent stories, I should be able to choose it as a default. Its not lazy it's my choice! I wish I could give the app negative 3 stars.
Y
Now I can't share posts in a private message.
Still 5 Stars
Breech of privacy!
I love it chatting friends n familia
Happy
Like
I hate how the news feed all come up in the notifications. I liked how it used to work....if I liked a post I'd see all the comments on that post so that I could have conversations with people. Now all the news feed come up in that section and not in the news feed or is duplicated in the feed. I'll usually have at least 30 notifications each time I open the app but the comments, likes, etc aren't related to conversations I am having. It's everything that people have posted.
New update only gets to 69% and stops it says invalid URL
I've updated it now it keeps ctashing, and I never see anything my friends and family post that's new it only shows what they posted hours ago fix it please!
Like it. Best regard, Jokam Indonesia
Ultimate....friends....network

It won't install on my droid maxx error code -24
Goooooood chating
Jamees
Good
Astig
The mb is so high and it says insufficient space available
It still kinda hangs or lags but not often.i dont get my notifications right away, i have to refesh my notification bar to see new notifications. But i do ge my messages on time now.
After i updated it, It always forcing to close. Hate it!!!!
Everything was working fine until I updated it, now nothing loads and it's super slow
love it
Not working correctly on s5 using WiFi
Videos won't play
Can't watch videos now Wtf and its be cool if we could save videos on news feed
Love this app but right now I'm having a few problems please fix it
Crashes constantly!!!
Installed about 10 hours later then it rejected all of my passwords and usernames pluss it didn't let me friend no one
I would rate it higher if comments scrolling wasn't messed up. That screwed up my day, 'cause I can't catch up on a juicy thread.
Takes up way too much space on an unnecessary update. Fix this. Any more space and I'll have to uninstall.
App's been hanging for the past 2-3 weeks for no apparent reason. Dif restarts of app and phone with no effect. Reinstalling app now and see what happens.
Facebook rocks
good app
Good app
Khoob bhalo chala bagunadhi
kool
Social drama everyone has problems lol
It was very nice
Best update......
Gb
Exellente
Everything is working great.. I love this app..  But the only thing is.. I'm fed up downloading any image on my Xperia L device..  the options to download image were on likes and comments.. So when I click on options.. Likes and comments are displayed..!!  already reported this problem twice.. Please fix this soon..!!
Yep. This latest update pretty much sucks. Why the default setting to random posts from hours & days ago? In order to see the Most Recent posts I have to keep resetting my page-ANNOYING! And it's not even possible to just uninstall the update--I'm now stuck with this crappy format. Wish I never pressed that "Update" button... :[
Its good
The FB app is the one single app that uses battery juice like no other. Can't afford to constantly charge my phone all the time. Geez
Meh! It's ok.

Cry
Like it
Great
Now it's part of the life
Good
Nice
FACEBOOK REVIEW  BY ME
Not happy. Since updating half the pictures do not show up. Please fix asap. Running slow.
Nitesh
Love it try it
Good
Great app
Same hai yar
Ever since the new update Facebook has been slow,  I hate the Facebook app, please go back to the old app!
Best app out there for Facebook but I absolutely hate the ads. Not even the actual site shows as many ads.
my life Facebook.....   .....:)
Vvvvvvvvvv gooooood
Best social media app
Good
Good
Give it 5 stars... Using it frequently
Horrible... I cant read messages, videos dont load or crash.. everything is 20 hours behind. Get with it facebook. Uninstalling now!! So disappointed :(
Facebook is my life...
I mean.....its facebook....
It's ok i guess
Connecting people
$$$$$$$$%
I can't install it & when I finally can it crashes frequently. Sometimes it says it is successfully installed but I can't access the app because the "OPEN" button or the icon won't appear. Please fix!
2971
Asome
It is getting slower and slower I'm very disappointed >:(
Connects old frens n helps making new friends.
Using since 09 its great...
I love facebook
I love it and this is a very nice website in worlwide around the world... ^O^
It was great to use on the move and I was able to use it and it was fast to use.
Freezes a lot. Back button suck. N it's late with status updates.
Since last update whenever I play a video after 20 seconds it says, sorry an un known error occurred and cannot play the video.
Nice
I m thanks to FB Team for Providing Best Facebook Exprience.
Fb updates so much and each update takes a lot of storage. I dont even notice much change w each one. I.dont want to buy new sd cards just to update this app.
vry NYC
I didn't like this app,it has too much memory...and it is very slow app..
Good
Keeps freezing up on me i get stuck in peoples photos back button don't work sloooow loading
It makes me feel at home even if I am away from home!
I can't get my notifications and  it always says unknown error
Loading  ,
Help me too meet lots of new ppl
God
Never been able to work smoother .....very very poor app. Really a ducking app
Facebook
Fb
Excellent
The update is even slower than before
Geat app
Facebook
But too slow in some phones
kham786
Ilove it all
Gina S.
Its v easy
Keeps freezing now n then when I open. Can't scroll. Friends of mine also have the same problem. Also It doesnt give new feeds. Always show what ppl post 11 hrs ago instead two minutes.I have to go n click most recent in order to see what ppl posted 2 mins ago.What's the deal?
It's crashing...f.y.I. buuut I do like that feature that makes it easier to customize who sees the post. Thank you!!
Cool
Love it!
Facebook
I cannot login to this app at all. Keep receiving an API_ERROR. Able to get login on my laptop.
Since I updated the app it got slower and always crashes. It eats my phones internal storage continuously even when I set it to save on my SD card memory. Same problem with a lot of my friends and their friends also. Uninstalling.
Stay with friends
Not happy. Since updating half the pictures do not show up. Please fix asap.
Wow
So slow
Ye Facebook application bahot hi acha h isliye ke usme sabkuch h or ye dikh tabhi bhahot acha or ha lekin saab dikh ne wali cheej achi nahi rahe ti lekin ye application dikh ta bhi bhot badiya h or ye chalta bhi bhot badiya
Facebook
I want the old version! can't even open after i have deleted half my pictures and half of everything else this app is straight bs takes too much mb hopefully u fix it fast
This is not like using FB on a computer, in a bad way. I can't see new posts unless I exit it and restart the app. I can't chat without opening a separate app and I can't edit my posts if I goof up typing on my phone.
Very excellent good
I love it
Sucks
I love you more fb... whahahA...
Nice
Fix or stop stupid updates
ppl complaining about most recent update pls verify app options before talking the news feed has the option to be changed to most recent and most trending lol
Very accessible
People with bad comments discourage you. So what if it has comments tht were moments ago. Those comments could be encouraging. They could be smart. Don't be hating on Facebook.
Excellent...
Works beautifully
Good App
Woooooooorrrrrrrrreeeeeeeeesssssstttttttt
I used to love the app but now all I use is messenger the acual app isnt as fun I prefer instagram over facebook
The app kept freezing and made my phone really slow
Like
Best better bigest app
wow
Every "update" is worse than the last, it works very poorly, but it does get info out fast. IF they allow it. Has a tendency to not allow you to like something, or force you to see it twice if you do. EDIT: At this point it's ineffectual. Unless you have business/commercial reasons to do so, don't bother.
Nice

Lick oll....well
Ok
Great app but always slow
Good
I can't watch videos without my phone going back to the home screen and saying "unable to play video" like really y'all need to fix this honestly you guys make MySpace look better. Please fix for 5 stars. I would give this negative stars if I could that's how bad this is.
This app used to be much better. Considering deleting.  2 biggest complaints:   1. Most of the time, pics won't display on news feed at all and when I click on them (because they didn't load on news feed) nothing happens. Just blank like trying to load. Never do. Very frustrating.  Using wifi.   2. Can't choose sort by Most Recent as default on news feed.  Obviously that is what a good portion of users want. Why not give the user what they want before you lose the user?  Galaxy S4
REDUCE THE SIZE OF THIS APP!!!!
Very slo prccesing
So far so good . :) but there's something wrong :(
Free lance
Often 22 mb of update ... will u guys fix this permanently !!!
Good to use
Fix this! Old version apps are way too good compared to this new version. You're suppose to improve things not like this. Fix this app asap!
I hate these updates....it is making the app. Slower and slower...pls...do some useful updations...
Great it has some issues but other wise okay.. It has a Bad problem of freezing.
Too many spells where it stalls, , pictures won't display.... more of  pain than anything.
But the worst is being seen "online" in private messages. I don't want anyone breathing down my neck!!! I wanna be left alone sometimes. Especially at midnight.  And just because people see me online on their private messages they start to bug me. Please undo that pruvate message status thingy.  It really sucks!!!
Good app
Has error issue now fix it please
Lovely & cool
It works
Ftb
gud
Its good as far as my requirements:-)
Took a month to fish 50 percent installing
nice dost
Aweful apps
Facebook
Easy to use...love it...
Ever since I updated I can't even upload my pictures. Really need to fix this cause I'm getting annoyed that I can't show my pictures to people. STOP UPDATING!
Like this app
God
Loves. The comunication shared!!!!!  Ilove kickbit and how you earn mb free I.  Love to share this with my friends !!!''
awesome app
Facebook keeps login me out of my own account to prove if I'm a fake or not which I'm not so please fix!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I have a Samsung Galaxy4
It cool
But I cant send voice record :/
When are you going to add the "reply" function for comments? I have to go onto a browser in order to see the whole thread under a comment, which is defeating the purpose of having the app. I am using the app less and less.
The apps has been improving a lot, but I would love to see a merge between the normal messages and the "other" messages. Can't see them at all on the app and I have to go to the website,  which is a pain.
Fast er
love it
its  ....too..good.... . thatz we need....
Wouldn't let me download
.do t
Rammilan kohar
Gud app
I'm only getting sound what happened? Video scrolls up won't play but the sound does. Annoyed!!!!
Can you remains its space at about 7-13mb?
I cannot log in in my Facebook account can someone help me my account it's been block
Since the last update, this crazy app is crashing every time, and I'm just getting desperate!!! Please do me a solid and fix it!
Fb latest version sucks.
Its good to talk to people but there is a lot of freaking glitches and lag
Face book
Grt
good
i am facinG error durinG installation aGain
Ever since the new update Fb will not post my status updates from my android. Each time I click post I get a grey blank screen and then it flashes and another grey screen comes up then goes to my newsfeed and does not post the status. Very frustrating that i cannot make status updates from my cell phone.
I love it.

Crashing a lot
After update
Eh its ok
Every update it gets worse. Now it is complete rubbish. Even worse now in 2014. Could you possibly make this any worse!?
Lol
Can I change back to the old version this update sucks why can't i save and share pictures and more it's saying error and it keeps crashing and it's making my whole phone act up and I never see new stories just the old one's from weeks and days ago I want most recent not top stories change back to old version please
Its really great doesn't crash uploads videos and pictures quick
Cool
It could be faster.
it's Facebook, as an app. well done... EXCEPT the cropping for profile pics is stupid. make the app so I can have the FULL picture of me and my kids as my profile pic again and you'll get your 5 stars back. kthx bye
All is good...
Nakaka urat ang fb dto sa play store..
It is slower than any app I have. I hate it!! Wish the was an unupdate option, I really want the old version back.
beautiful
I like it....
Absolute Brilliance! Networking in a shell!
Wow
Amazing
Mission to see "most recent"news feed. The app is NOT doing a good job trying to figure out what I want to see. It certainly is not a post from 5 days ago before one from 5 minutes ago. Ugh.
this version not good for 2g network.....very slow version .....plz make better
Excellent
The app is.....very good.....!#fast#
When it comes to uploading photos, hope the photos are in folder. So hard to choose photos especially if there's too much photos in my phone.
Yepp

I'm having trouble with it like it won't load the news feed and I can't see the who is on or anything it just won't work please fix
Irritating crashes and delays
Amazing
Loved it
It uses too much space lower it down
nice
I cannot comment why is this! I can absolutely win in a comment contest of a good pixelart! the problem is cannot post comment! I hope this update will work! I will put five stars if you fix this and i appreciate you if it will work. Thank you. ^_^
Does anyone know how to go back to the previous version?
single male seeks women.for.intimate friendship fwb
Rerating to 4 stars from 2. Many upgrades have come out since I originally rated it a few years ago. Currently this app is really good!
Facebook is so slow now I only get thing cam up 10 or 20 hour or iven longer a go fix it you mack a naff money out of as I would give you 10 negative stars if It was possible No I will give you 10 negative stars
Sucess is Socializing
Fck what happen to the video?
Pages won't load, can't see my notifications
PLEX HELP ME DELETE IT!
Facebook update
"Sorry, an unknown error has accured while trying play EVERY video!!!" PLEASE FIX!! I'm having problems viewing all videos 3 sec in before unable to play. Anybody else have this problem??. Please update and fix. No problems before. Xperia Z2, the newest version not older
Great
Nice Fb
Its ok.
Does what it needs too. Nothing fancy. Videos work some times
I think that is good
Awesome
Love Facebook
Is Good not stuking work properly i enjoyed it
My videos don't play . All that time bugging me to update and it doesn't even work WTF!!!!!
Good application
Problem in viewing another page. There is always a prompt error. pls fix
Love it
Love it!
Ehh...
Nt good
Nice
How does it say download size is 19.09mb and its 59.98 on my phone, sounds like you're lying about the package size, one of the question I have is, how does my app just keep getting bigger over time? Answer that!!
Love it
Great ..
Its slow but i can make it faster
Nyc app
Great!!!!!!!
I graduated from Strayer University with an MBA  in Business Administration with a concentration in finance.
I dislike this update and give u 1 star because I can't tag 100 friends into my photo as older version. This version only allow me tag 50 friends (half of number). If u fix it, I will give u 5 star
I love this
Amazing
I have family all over the world. Face book helps me stay instantly connected!
ÜÉñ
I would of gave 5 but stupid update is confusing can't find out where to share photos nuisance with people it only has post on my timeline no other options other then to modify you or should be shared with
slots
Awesomely awesome
Never updates news feed, videos never load, fails to tell me when I have notifications until about 3 hours later. Lags out my phone.  Awful.
Woah
Just simply be connected with the world!
Why there is no longer the option to see 'Most recent' and /or 'Top stories' in news feeds????!!!
Awesome
I always have a. Hard time when it comes to  using my password.  You tell me its wrong but I always use the one.I've tried to correct this problem but with no prevail.other than this post
Facebook
Nakakasar na magupdate to
Playing a video on this app ob my phone eats up memory. Every single one of them. Memory piles up until my phone memory becomes low. PLEASE FIX THIS !!!!
Great time to spend

this facebook app is very usefull and better than old versions..really i feeled it........ and also u can love it.agreeee
I love
Senda mierda pero pss
Cool
Its freezing too much,
Quit updating the stupid site and app. It  sucks so hard from all these so called improvements that I'm about to go back to myspace.
Just like my title says. When it connects, its great. But only will connect half the time or LESS! Please fix this issue or I'll just do facebook on my computer at home. Update: stopped working completely after 7/8/14 update so I'm done. Uninstalled because it sucks.
Jkk
Please fix icant open the application
Can't upload pics on my page...Plz fix this problem.
So many flaws! Before giving the app a makeover and adding new features... At least iron out the kinks for heavens sake!!
I can chat with my long lost friends
It's amazing
Phone service
Still keeps freezing and I don't need to see a recap of what was on my newsfeed the day before. Badly needs another update.
Social networking essential
As you expected
I Love Facebook <3 <3
But im only gonna give 2 stars.    Boo!!!!!!!!
simple
Love android app
It,s very beautflul
Bad mixed up too long to load
Facebook is a really good app but sometimes my notifications wont load!
when you open any page to check the post and you wanna open any big posts that contains "Continue reading" or you open pictures and you go back to where you scroll down it wont go back to the same place!! it will refresh the page and starts from the beginning! ! this is so disgusting and need to be fixed cause im almost dont use facebook from mobile phone because of this problem!! solve it as soon as possible !!!!!!!!!!!!!
Poor update
Would be nice if it had a reply button for comments.
Delport
Ta perrona
Cool
Facebook is not download in my phone :(
Nice apps.
Not bad
Its great i get to keep in contact with the homies
Videos dont play    "unknown error"
Finding and keep finding friends I haven't seen or heard from in years.
Excellent
It's ok
The new update sucks
Getting-intouch to all is my happy moments, thank-you  fb more  power .keep it  up,
Good
Its takes too much time in loading :@ _|_
:)
On my tablet (Haier)..every time I open the play store I find a new update and my memory will die..and if I didn't make the update Facebook won't work:-(
Good
Just got better
I REALLY LIKE THIS APP BUT NEED A LITTLE BIT IMPROVEMENTs
Facebook is meant to get updated with friends when they post something on it . What's the point of I can only read the post which is few hours before? This happen since few months ago. WHY NOBODY FIXING IT? It's TERRIBLE!
Seriously!? Does Zuckerbergs' crew sit around thinking of ideas on how to make the app annoying? 0.0 guys. Lame
Coyote
<3
Love this. Great for socially keeping up with people
Luv
It a good one if you wanna get a hold of friends family etc.
It crashes way too much!!!
Since the update no videos or photos from friends show up anymore.
I like it
1997013
What have you guys done to Facebook can't play single Fucking video...
Almost every time I watch a video, it crashes part way through. Doesn't happen with any other apps. It's very frustrating
Bes
F*ck you Facebook update.I can't log in...
Videos no longer play at all!! Keeps crashing!!
This app is getting worse instead of better. It's running ridiculously slow. Photos won't load.   I can't use the timeline approval feature. I still hate this stupid top story garbage. Maybe if you focused less on mining our phones for data the updates wouldn't suck so much.
Good
Facebook
How about live profile pictures
Every single update literally makes this app worse.
Akwe
The only way you can contact your friends if you don't have their number I don't know why other people talk about it
Facebook should put the current news feed up instead of the important stuff. It won't even let me get the update cause its too big
Alright
I hate face book
I like it .whereever you go there should be Facebook recognition can help you.
Not worth it
Wtf all video is crashing this bs man fix it
Great
This app is use more memory of my phn nd my phn hang nd hang again .....
I love facebook. Im a stay at home mom and whenever i get the time i get on fb to escape the caos in my house BUT everytime i get a text and i back out of the app and reopen it i get bumped all the way back to the top of the news feed.OR when ive scrolled through a million posts to catch up on everything my friends did it automatically jumps to the top again sometimes 3, 4 times in a day its friggin ridiculously frustrating and this seeing what my friends posted 18hrs,3 days, MONTH ago come on FIX IT!!!!!!
I Like It
I m very satisfied to your help
i love facebook..im addicted...love this version......love it soo much....keep it up !!!!!
I cant update it taik too many time to load
not updating at all on my galaxy note..
Exlante
I feel u on that booskie or boosie my apologies... its diffrent

It makes it easier to get to
Its the best social media
Why must app s grow. Try down sizings and possibility to run it from sd cards
I luv it ..
Every update makes the app worse and worse. Was better a year ago but this year it has started to go downhill. Memory is getting taken up more often have to clear data every day now. Videos seem to take up memory -_- please take all the negative reveiws into consideration when you are making the next update.
Every update
uninstall thiss app.. for make your phone faster thx
It laggs
Why this app is so lag... Help..
Please fix the log
Good how
Sarfajkhan.   "
Cool
Imi insataleaza d 2 zile .. ma cac pe ea

Had facebook for years, the updates just make it better. (:
Real good
Nice app....
To many ads, unable to view the most recent postings, social experiments, facebook needs to focus on keeping its users happy rather than its investors....
REALLY? I CANT ACCESS SOME OF MY POSTS. LAGGING TOO.
Ghr
Facebook
Very slow. Doesn't let me like any posts. And it doesn't show my friends recent posts. There from like 9 hours or more ago. I used to love this app. Now I deleted from my phone, its just yaking up space.
;)
Its ok
I can't log out when I want to force closes all the time fix it and I will rate higher
Facebook
Kindly give the widget of this app..
Unlike the Samsung Galaxy S3, with the Facebook on the Samsung Galaxy S4, I can do Image searches when I'm talking to one of my Facebook friends. Normally it'll have 8 pages of different pictures of what I'm looking for. But now, for some reason, it won't go past the first page of images. Can you please do something about that? It's been this way ever since the last update.
86185893
Is nice to have face book
words with friends
Best on play store
The newest update causes the app to crash and close constantly or most of tabs won't work at all. Fix the bugs!
nothing exciting, yet nothing wrong with it
Seriously, why can't Mark figure this out!?  No one wants to see what one friend was doing one minute ago then see what the next friend was doing two days ago.  This is so annoying and makes the app pretty much useless. It's the number one complaint yet it still hasn't changed. Figure it out developers....it's not rocket science!!!
The app...well I hoped for more...
Not good
F.b
It would be okay if it didn't make your news feed start over from the beginning while you're in the middle or reading one and also if you could download posted videos. The full web version is a little better.
Awsone
jis ke mobile ki memory km ho usky liye faltu app hai
Every time I go on my Facebook chat it said I need to download the message app thing but I don't want to it wastes to much memory
i love it
It's very much useful. I really likike this app
kawan2 ramai sahabat belum tentu ada
Xx
This is a very good app and we can do lots of things in it.I really like it
really hate the most recent update....they took away the feature I used most!!  Recent post by others on public profiles!!  it's completely gone!!!
So nice
Facebook rocks but updates sucks
So Far So Good
Mobile
Facebook app
Love it
Freezes then crashes
Will give it 4 stars after the memory is reduced 22.33mb is to much for a phone to use at that rate and  translation would be nice on the phone app....Still taking way to much phone memory even during updates still a 1 star
So good
All the darn updates Suck! It doesn't improve anything!  And why do I need to update so much? Once a month is feasible every week and more is not!
I would Love to have the old version back! This version uses too much memory!
It slows down ur fone alot
I so love fb I can stay talking to my old school friends from the past year I can have fun with my work associates and my college buds
Love it
Best ever
samsung galaxy wonder
Nice
#Sumthin 2 Do
Hey I good me
Good
alaw app hai yr
Every video I watch cuts of in 15 seconds or so
Thank u
its alright¡­ 
Force closes everytime I open it since update.
Ok
its slow it lags!!!
Addicted
Good as usual!
Back up to 4 stars I figured out how to view mist recent
Perfect
The normal Web Facebook is better, this one doesn't have all the features when it comes to notifications, like replying to something or seeing when someone replied to your comment

Usable
Cool
well emprob
After process of elimination, I found this app was responsible for draining my battery in hrs. Have removed and won't be using again until I hear they have sorted it out.
Hate that Google Play pops up when opening the app
One of the best
I don't think is best
Luv it
Uses more data
Great app
Change your application,evrytime  it will shutdown automatically
Facebook
Fast
I love my Facebook app!!!
It's fun and good, but I don't know if it my phone of facebook but it freezes a lot.
Unable to search for non-friends to add to profile... EVO 3D
Before updating a few days ago, I was able to use fb without any problems. Now!!!!!! I can't see anything!!!!! FIX THIS PROBLEM!!!!
Since before last upgrade app keeps freezing!! It's annoying and you have to reboot phone to get back on track. Receiving friends status updates a day later?? If your upgrades don't IMPROVE things then just stop. Tired of ALLA the ads...enough already.
Facebook is beat software
Facebook is my top app for draining battery and data usage
One star untill you can do more on cell phones
Too much space, not enough utility
Dont update this app if it couldn't be better..
It's q lot more fun and easier then the other way it was I like it
Yea this app is a way to make friends and share picture but there soo much things
Freezes my whole phone
Facebook easily
Gute
You can chat with someone when your playing
I actually like this app
For the glitches and not having it where it doesn't your contacts on your phone 3 stars
It's not that bad but takes up way too much space on my phone.
Good app
Because its only for the top
i can't share my posts from instagram to facebook after the last update.. single sign-in is not working..
U av 2 go on web to. Watch vids where as b4 u didn't

My Facebook/Fuckbook is always shutting down or not responding....=(
It takes way too much memory.
Lets me keep in contact with people
Pending request keeps saying try again.
Awesome app
OMG OMG OMG OMG please stop the madness! Updates suck I'm already having enough problems I thought it was my phone. Sometimes I feel like throwing it off the balcony now know its the frickin app.if fb is worth millions where's the money going? Obviously not here. I'm done
Good
It help u keep in contact
Buggy and useless.  I'm beginning to really hate you Facebook.
Hi
Most wanted social networking
Never hated it
Great
Merentasi tampa sempadan
Plz stop updating... Its so heavy, so I give 4 star
Independent distributor
Does it keep telling me i have an outdated version of FB even when i have already updated it a few days ago???. I love the FB app..but i dont like how it keeps on telling me update things when clearly i have already done this.
This app often goes jam.. pls fix it.. thanxx
Harika
AbiyotAbiyotAbiyot
an update every day?
What bugs me the most is if someone replies to a comment, it is not just under that comment like it is on the iPhone or a computer. It makes the whole comment stream really confusing.
Its the same features
IT IS SOOOOO SLOWWWW!!! :/
Facebook is a drama enhancing form
It turns my phone like a turtle. New update needs more memory TOO BADDD
Useless!  I got to download it several times a month!! And it takes a lot of Storage! Fix It!! >_<
Videos used to play by themselves, now they won't play at all. I get an error message every time I try to view a video. I'm ready to go back to MySpace!
Love it
Star
Heavy but does it's job. Not buggy anymore.
Cant get it to work properly now on mobile or tablet since the update!
Its awesome,
I would give it - 1000 starts if I could. This is the most invasive app there is. This is worst than nsa.

Ok
Gooooooos
Works just fine
Good
Since the latest upgrade the whole app lags to the extent that it stops working. Scrolling has become an issue, as has following links. To be fair, it wasn't amazing before, but it is genuinely pants now. Please sort it out!
Good
:*
the updates get really annoying sometimes its working perfectly but then you guys gotta update it and it ruins everything really annoying
lub this app
Excellent
I love it
Good
Shouldn't "friend request" tab be at the either side at the end? It's the least used one! Isn't it? Uploaded info cannot be cleared!!! Terrible...
I love Facebook. It's very addictive, so this app is one of my favorites. My only problem with it would be that it deleted itself off my phone, so I had to get it back. Other than that nothing seems to be wrong.
xllent
Works good.....
I don't like the new interface, but I guess I have to live with it.
Ehh
Its shows me that my frnds r like this like that, sucks, i dont see their own pic n status..
I was avoiding the update until my phone decided to update everything while connected to wifi. I hate it.
I want the new version still noy updated!
This new update is not working so good on my phone
Very slow lot of bugs sometimes not responding at all pleasy repair it for asus memo pad HD 7
Good feecebook
Hate
Really good app is fast and it doesnt freeze
Its verry good app. I like it
its a cool app ever
New update sucks...!!
what happen to facebook? it keeps on crashing whenever i uploading my pictures? fix it please. i hate it
I have 2 emails I want do delete it but I cant because it wont let me go in too my other acount is not fair I cant log in to instagram twitter nothing when I but in my password it says in valid use a phone number or leave it but when I butt a phone number it says in after I but the password  it says incorrect im done with fb
I love it
Yet again foolbook does another update and now phone just freezes and crashes. Report after report of the app but still randomly crashes. Very poor app from a money hungry, shareholders company...
Updates suck!
ANBK
errr
Frankolivo
Very nice
I want to be able to see everything my liked pages and friend's post when they post it! It is a pain to go to every site everyday to see what they posted. I'm getting things hours if not days later. I also don't like the suggested pages popping up. It just clutters up my news feed. Quit changing it and make it work the way it used to.
Good app
Why doesn't it give the option to display my news feed by most recent??? The first post on my feed was from over a week ago! Pointless....
You can chat with people
Keeps crashing over n over since last patch
My favorite so far
The new version always stuck!!!
Greatq
Facebook
When clicking on the app to start, there is always more than a 10 second delay until the app starts and show anything. Please fix quickness to start for app.
Videos will not play sony z2
Literally updated it yesterday and now there is a new update...  Annoying!
Its annoying because every time I come across a video it freezes and I have to wait....fix that
Good one
I love Facebook
Vg
really good but lags sometimes  really like it
Not sure why but the app keeps freezing on me and the only thing i can do to fix it is restart my phone. It does this like 10 times a day and its getting increasingly annoying. Might have to consider removing the app.
Stop updating all the time
Facebook
Excelent
Too much issues. Stop abruptly. Coming top again after seeing a video. Auto running of video....bla bla...bulshit.

I can no longer just add photos to another timeline such as groups that I am a member of. It crashes constantly & have the fact u have to have messenger. Sucks
Nice
Annoingly bad
Lovin it
The update sucks...
is is nice to meet worldly and godly people other places
Read the reviews, immediately uninstalled without even trying it.
very nice
Good...
Good app, needs to catch up to the App Store though.
Work well
Still love it
Bad application. Useless. Dont update. This one old verson.
Freeze n crash all time. It's don't function like website page and it's sucks when I m admin of groups.
I mean I like the new update  ! , but it's ok
So bad always crashing
Nor this cx
ok
:)
very good
I loved it....
What more can i say.
Wifi
Hate the app wont stay open its a waste of time to try
Very quickly
app is getting better :-)
Great on the go
Breadsticks
Asif
Read their acceptance agreement DVD steals all your private info. You have to use special privacy softeware to keep DVD from downloading all your texts and pictures from your phone.
Crashes automatically logs out
too huge so very slow
I love my facebook app
It
intouch with friend
It's awesome....
Philippoprospere
Email
Now it won't play videos!! HTC m8
You could do somethings top make it better but it is good find a way to make messages pop up on your phone like it does messager and I'll give it 5 stars
This update is Horrible, my FB keeps freezing up and won't let me go back!!!
Ok
so slow, since i¡®ve updated it has been slower than ever, i know i haven¡®t got the best phone but it was fine until the update. very poor
Crashes. All. The. Time.
Why the app is getting far more worse than the old one? The new update keeps telling me that my app is not responding and keep saying force close. It also lagging everytime i open my account and doesn't show the recent button. Change it to the old style and fix it
Force closes
Thanks
Sucks JK
i love it
Wow Great
I'm sure i installed it and most of the time it uninstall it self please fix
ok
Sucks
It's fun
Needs the ability to stop notifications on a single post you comment on. Needs the ability to customize who can see a post more specifically than the general ones given.
I have to keep reinstalling this
Love this app.
Its ok
Can't see any pics. Sucks
I love facebook and this is what i needed
Fin3
Good
Good an awesome lollol
The best
Still freezes but might be my phone
Love kinda its awsome
Best
Good social app
Sharon Jackson
Best way to talk to other people
Hamdani
Nic
I love it I love face book great app
great
Plz improve ur app
Pretty good but can't update
Could have been better this is bad it crashed and went downhill makes my phone lag and glitch wont load videos and shows me old posts from 15 hours ago
Good
was better before last update, now can't look at pages as doesn't load comments or photos. Lots of errors liading feeds
The app randomly force closes on me like a few times each day and it gets annoying. Plus my friends keep sending each other voice messages back and forth while I'm just texting them. I feel left out, so is it the phones problem or the app?
Good
This application is just awesome
Won't let me watch videos
Excellent in my galaxy y
What happen?always not responding. Force close makes me sick
Good,,,
Getting a lot better, now don't screw it up. The app works pretty good now you just need to have the menu bar always there. I have to constantly press back-- gs4
Ok
good
I like it man
Facebook is great on my computer. I love the website! But they app on my tablet is not very great. It is slow and freezes sometimes. The other users seem to have issues too. Please improve this app!
Excellent
Now I can't set the most recent as default feed :'(
Its faster
Chaar
Cool
I love Facebook it is the best thing that every happen to me.
Freezes constantly. Videos have no sound and I cant load my messenger contacts.
txt
Nayeem
19 MB to 169 MB dafuq ?
Was great app about 2 updates back now it constantly crashes!!!!!  Going to uninstall and re- install if it doesn't work will get rid.
I like this app..
CRASH TRASH CRASHY CRASH CRASH!!!
Great   app
5bintang
Very good
Great! :)
Wow
the ios version of facebook is much lighter and faster then this android one
Every time u have an update it sucks more and more. Go back to original format or  at least give us the option to choose which format we want to use
Awsome
Nice
I don't understand y it always forces close
I
Makes my phone lag...have to log out of facebook then turn phone off for it not to lag!!! Tried to install update says error 919? WTF!!!
Ayc.  Cube
Very slow,  keeps crashing,
Thisnis stupid STOP UPDATING it messes up our phones..videos play without sound if they play at all. My phone now lags real bad cuz of these updates. But you fb made us update ir you fb locked us out of our fb. Its bs. We want theboriginal back bot this crap. All this freesing up and bootung off is making me and my family want to delete and deactivate all of it
Not bad app to post needs high speed Internet
Its shamazing.if you dont get it then your mad.:-):-):-)
Why can't I play videos past 30 seconds on facebook? Is there a fix that is being looked into?? Really frustrating 
I love the facebook always because I know what is meen by Facebook is use for. ...................you know yes
Last version, no notification sound...
Its running real slow since the update.
Best

Great
Explains dba better than before
Love everything about it
Easy and fast..I love it
I'm addicted....LOL
The new update does not work properly on the Samsung galaxy s4..
Gone into an infinite loop sonce the latest update!
Great application
Any video uploaded plays for 30secs then cuts off saying an unexpected error occurred  on my z2. Its highly annoying sort it out Facebook. How can you get ot wrong so many times
(:
Its so easy to talk to your friends
I like face book.
bugs fixed
Sangat baik!!!
Files
Duh
Always freeze / hang while scrolling newsfeed. I closed the fb apps and opened it again, still hanged. Have to restart phone. Please fix it. Or would you like me to sing coldplay fix you?
The app is too big & slow. I really wish there was an option to pick between most recent and top stories on the newsfeed like there used to be.
I like Facebook and all but I'd like to be able to see who likes the pages I do and not just in my friend group.
Seems to get worse every update, constantly crashing, doesn't play any videos anymore
Lmao I love it
I like it pretty well it can be slow at times but overall I like how I can see stuff about celebrities also.
Lovely....
Cool
Shindy
Good
Hate the constant updates that makes fb worse every time. I want real time updates. Don't won't them mixed with two day old stuff I've already read. Updates should be to make things better for the people that use your service and make you rich. Listen to what we want.
Working better!
Parjashproyash
Still wish you could SEARCH by friends in alphabetical order!
With lots of bugs
I'm browsing through the posts in a group and every so often the app resets so that I'm back to the latest posts and I have to start over again. It's so much fun scrolling through months and months worth of posts I really enjoy doing it over and over again.
Frcebook
Update
Hakim
Love
Done
Its ok
Crashed many time. But not bad.
I had to download it twice because the first time it said package invalid the second time it said that the app couldn't work and to uninstall and re-install and STILL after i did that wouldn't work!!! Fix it Facebook!! I've had Facebook since 09 and this is bs
Awesome :3
Guys it gives u a start or a kick to talk to girls make friendship with them
I like
Worst application
I am not getting the new look even after the update.. I am using Nexus 5. Pls solve this..
R7
Love it
Just did latest update for android. Now it crashes all the time... cant get into facebook at all.
Loved it!
Just Average ....
Working good
I hate Facebook update!!
Thank god for app ops / app privacy settings. You ain't reading my SMS/MMS no ma'am.
(y)
Vry nce nd esy to cht with frnds
Don't have app
It takes to much space on my phone though
Superb for mobiles
Rajendra Prasad
J-
Its a nice app hey
takes like 3 minutes to load a comment wtf
Iit trainer

It's fantastic !!! I love it.
.this app are suparb...facebook is full time pass..so enjoy your own life. .
Malik
Great...
I like it
Add a feature that text can be copied and pasted.....It would also b great feature if videos could b downloaded directly from the app.. Thanks :)
Great app
Nil
To many updates slows down phone! Might have to try a micro sd card at my own expense.....
it. is not working that well
Bailar
Video downloading not provided.............
I want to see my recent stories permanently, not have to change it every time I go online.
Cool
Facebook awesome to keep intouch with family in Mexico.
Facebook provides the Government access without a warrant. .. NSA gets all data from Facebook automatically backed up on the NSA servers...
It's slow as hell and it keeps freezing up. U can't fix it were the new pages come up first. Plz fix.
Sigals
Liked
Easy 2 use
Good job
N/A
K
App keeps crashing app I updated and it still crashes everyone.
I think you should set an auto cache clean , cause after 20+mb it lags
facebook
Good
love it
Everything is fine except the videos. It crashes and comes out of the app. Plz fix it. Micromax A117 Android 4.2.1
Always room for improvement.
Don't know what I would do without it
Just sayin 
Good
Videos stop playing, there is always an error pop up.
I think I have a look around and get back
Md motin
What is it with the people making the updates? Fire them!! They could screw up a urine test. Stop trying to change things that work fine. Make sure something works first before dumping these updates on us.
yess
Bgnaa
Spies
Nice messager
I realy like it
more then better
Omg
Loads up, then crashes......never works.
Great
I love this beacause
excellent
Its awesome to be able to connect with my family & friends.
I just love it can't stop fb is my life !!:)
Every time I click on like or share or a link comments box comes up please fix
Like
Not bad
¡¶------ Yesterdays news today.... point in that ?
Quick
Can't even download the new up date keeps saying error 461
Not that bad nor good, to much lag and the videos don't upload quick
I enjoy facebook.
Haloool
Very nice i am thank you to this program
Awesome like me.
Wordsworth
For the last two weeks or so it had crashed on my tablet every time I opened it. But now it finally works again :-)
Nice app
KuaNe...
Love Facebook
Love facebook
its useful and easy to use. id recommend it to my granddad!!
I like it very much. I recomend every one.
This update is 00000
Its amazing because im gettin a gf yay
I only see stories from 2-3 days ago on my news feed. Make it like the IOS app with a most recent news feed setting
It's great
Loda bhen chod
Loveed it
IT
I swear by it
Work's good for a change
were you thinking ,it's terrible, the chronology is shot , if freezes randomly, privacy settings reset and I personally would like to see all posts by all friends contacts etc not what you dictate should be seen! Poor!
Lost.
Amazing....amazing....amazing
:-D
Good dude
Hard to get updates..
Super
FB forced to do it its very pathetic
Whenever I open Facebook it takes time to open . It takes a very very long time to open and logout.
Lil and joke
I m like has
Its slow down my phone
Doesn't let me delete comments made by others on my own page. Had to go to the web to do it. Also can't copy and paste some posts. Uninstalled and reverted to older version
Most
Love this app
Hay oy
Ekdum jhakkas
Avocados
The new version of Facebook is not better than the previous version
Its very nice
thanks for making facebook !
To slow and it takes too much memory!!!
Good
Report
Sometimes its really slow but other then that its good
Lolol
Keep up with friends
Very nice
f book
i like dis app
Like it
Newest update keeps freezing.. GS5
Nice app
Hor
nice bt uses to mch mb data
Love it
it keeps logging my facebook out !!
you cant access your 'Other' folder from your mobile device, or anyother folder in your inbox for that matter!! with all the updates Facebook constantly does, you'd think they fix THAT issue :/
I say ok app because it lags even if you have the best internet and phone but all in all ok :)
Would be better if custom privacy settings for posts could be set on this app...
Seriously for a company so big we should expect a better performing app. Stop using your employees to code things to listen to us and put them to work actually improving the app.
Like
STOP UPDATING!!!!!!
New facelift
Don't like ds app at all....

It doesn't show the events automaticaly.
Amazing
When I leave the app for a minute or two, it reloads from the top when I go back to it. I don't close it, just click a link, link opens, then I go back to Facebook and it goes back to the start of my feed. Very annoying.
Awesome
I jst luv it
Pls add video chat option
Ok
Fine apps...
Fast
It won't even download I'm irritated
I love it. It's the best
Owns Wolfy's on wheels in Mt. Wolf, PA
,New update is so bad, does not give most recent in news feed only old stuff, could u please add a translate button on posts this would be very helpful for those of us that have friends and like pages that post in other languages
Love it
GamD awiiiiiii
Good
It seems like every update makes this app worse will not load pictures on network or wifi
I hate the newsfeed I can never see recent stuff my friends post
Loved it.
Best social networking site till now 2014
Woow
Will not open with latest update
Photo loading problem!
Ob
Nice kinda slow..need a search engine and yearbook section so u can look at year books from people's school
I love the new features
Thumbs up
Facebook needs to listen to my conversations? Don't think so. Get your "marketing ideas" some other way!
I like Facebook because of my music
I love it
Tagging prob has been sloved. But uploading profile pics, ther is no option for high quality image... Main thing is it consumes lot of Internet... Rest is gud..
I'm having a lot of trouble opening my notifications tab since the latest update was installed.
It'z Alright lolz
Excellent
Great app
love it!
I want to read the most recent post that my friends are posting not what the app thinks is more important this app was better before i updated it
Gr8 app.. Like it...
I love u
All good here
excellent
not bad
Not so bad. One big problem though, it takes up to much storage space. Otherwise, it's great!
Seems to need updating constantly. Don't like having to go recent news feeds , even then it's pointless because I am getting updates from days ago. Loads slow sometimes
VI IV Jo R&B book go Co ugh I'm
Aslia minis
Gtea stuff bang bang
Good
I use HTC desire V n I am unable to open my messages from facebook directly...whenevr I try to open it..it directly opens my news feed...I hope d team will solve diz matter soon....
This update I just installed constantly forcecloses. UNREAL. I have a Droid X2. And Im still mad the update in April automatically updated without my permission. That update made it impossible to default to most recent news feeds. This new update still only shows a VERY few most recent news feeds when u manually click it and then shows what else IT choses. Sucks.
Raj
Stop making updates because every time I update more of my memory goes and the slower my phone gets!! And I don't want to see what people have done two days ago I want t to be most recent!  Ridiculous that its defaulted on those options!
Nothing loads I removed it and now can't reinstall due to an error.... what error.... done with Facebook on my phone if I could give it a negative I would..... fix this crappy application
Very good
Good app
Excellent app
I can't even load it up. Great job, dickbags.
Wonderful
Still dont hv d chance to glance
Pretty decent now
The app loves to use up almost all my available RAM can you guys fix this?
VINCE&jennay MARTINEZ
Wonderful
Update has destroyed my enjoyment. Slow taking up more memory and complete haphazard. Want to un update!
i like the app . keep it up . more updates
Freezes all the time has to forceclose and will never log back in. I've had to uninstall and reinstall a couple times now. This will be the last time I instal it.
I like it ! Very nice get more softwares like these
Slow in loarding
Always force close,,wasnt able to see any post,notification or Messages
Good one
Facebook is the best thing for communication there are many apps communication like whats app  viber hike etc but the fb is the best ... I love facebook ... Facebook :)
Use it
than app.before it. cous'd the older_faster data than it. i can't imagen how if it with a smaller capacity? I'm sure it will suck
Priya
Excellent
How could you possibly be able to make Facebook worse, it used to be good, but every time there is an update, it gets worse. When doing an update, it's meant to make things better, not totally crap! When first starting using Facebook it was fine, you should of kept it that way, and for the news feed, I dont want to see what my friends status was on Wednesday when today is Saturday! Sort it out! Terrible. You have made your money, and now it is time to make your company bad! What goes through your minds!
Idk how to share something on my friends timelines. It keeps showing me stuff from like 14 hours ago right after i refresh. And it takes up waay to much memory in my phone!
Its not perfect but runs smooth and does what I tell it to do good job
Great app
Very nice
Suits my Micromax
It's too bad to update every time, I lost my previous data by updating .That's what I would..
Weldon
Crashes, lagging, and takes up a whole lot of  your memory
i luv this app, but i should protect my personal from others sight.. so i need more protection for particular friend to hide ther mesg nd cmnts.,
nice
Can update it
It doesnt work only when i start the facebook. Ther is always coming that write your email adrees and password please fixed this place
Very poor
Crashes sometimes & can't seem to handle certain big tasks
Nice
Does everything free
Innovative stuff one's gatta have...
Counselor
Davis
It keeps stopping every few seconds or so. Fix it!
Faizal mia
Good
It will freeze while I'm scrolling then shut off with a message that it stopped working. 
Vishal patni
Great app use this all the time
Jgn ditipu
nice
Nice
Take a lot of memory .. laggggggyyyy !! ..
I can connect whenever and wherever i want
Best ever
I dont care
Very nice to use...
Facebook
Amazing
Good
Sizzling speed..!! Good app.!!
fine app.
Ashley
SUMITA
I like
Good application....
Crazy..
What happened to contacts sync?  Why can we no longer sync our Facebook contacts to our Android device?  For a "social networking" app, this is a core function.  Boo Facebook!  - Moto X 4.4.2
Bilkul sahe
Good app
Thanks
After the recent update videos wont play, facebook will not log out the first time it goes to home screen so i have to reopen it to log out, and it froze as i was trying to log out and wouldnt show or do anything. I hope reinstalling fixes the freeze if not bye bye facebook forevrr.
Can't log in smh
Vry slow response.. notifications come much aftr d actual time of notification
Three attempts and failed to update
Excellent
Its fast and very working, good apps
Love
Bakwas  ......
Good
Ilove u mama
Amazing app........The best ever.
Its Facebook
Love it
Great app
The new version is so very wrong. If I'm watching news feed, view news Feed To see if any messages have reached top status, current status are not.
No one can touch this app.. Shadow
This stupid app wont let me log in and its been this way for as long as ive had this new phone. I ask my friends to try to log in with their account and it doesnt work. Yet I can log into my facebook on a computer...
Thanks
I Love it facebook
10101010
Mast h yaar
This new update would be nice if it actually worked. I can't hardly Swype or see my news feed. The times that I can, its slow and won't play the videos on my phone. I don't want to see posts from yesterday, I want the ones from 5 seconds ago. Need to fix!!
It's the most battery consuming app.. After disabling it from app setting. battery life got 2hrs of extra stamina.. Like if it's helpful.
I just don't know that why is facebook getting slower and slower day by day? And why there are so many update sessions? It looks like this facebook application is manually configured.
Since the last update Facebook freezes up alllll the time!!!! This has NEVER happened before. What is really going on?????  Irritating...... 
Liked it well
It Was Great
It's good but there's a minor bug where you can't see any profile pictures of your friends. And there's also a glitch in which the entire app turns black.
Fantastic
bug
App
awesome
Plz give some useful update..!!!
Is the purpose of every update to run slower on older phones? I see no other difference or point.
please solve tag problem.  in java version I can tag photo easily because there Mark or Unmark option available. Such options not available in android version
facebook  is so slow and always has, takes 3 minutes to load new feeds, I'm moving to twitter..tired of this app
Awesome
I am on alot and it is a great way to communicate with family
any time with any network we can operate this aap...ita really make my life easy
Fb
Computer software hardware
Sonisingh
I don't know why everyone is moaning about this app crashing.   It's  never crashed for me.  Its fast and perfect
Sucks!
Very slow speed
It's very bad aft update
better than pre installed version on phone.  Love that shortcuts are gone but the space it requires is laughable.  Downgraded from 4* to 2* but back to 3* after new update with ability to post pics as part of a comment. Could still be better and tbh, an embarrassment considering the money and  resources that are available to you. Sort out the status updates and will give 4 again. Tired of reading yesterday's news :o(
Miss roxanne baby.....
Superb
I love this!!!!!!!!!!
Not responding most of the time in this update!!
I respect mark zukerberg but not for this kind of work.. He should improve it.  It consumes all my ram and it won't let me enjoy a single time wid ma frnds... Sorry 2 say but more than FB I consider Wats App..!
Just too many updates
Non everything special after upgrade(N)
Sucks big time!!!
Can't download
New update is terrible. Freezes everyone I open it.
Superb
Plz provide the option for text copy like status or lines of text
I like
It is very annoying how whenever you try and watch a YouTube link off Facebook, it won't open and Facebook will crash. Please fix this!!
Why do I have to scroll to the right and down a list to see the most recent posts, this is crap. I want to see what ppl are doing now. Not what you decide is most interesting.
Getting Better
Takes forever to open and log on, usually forces its self to shut off and takes up too much storage.. Never did this before it updated
Love it
K
Ok
Awesome update
Manu
Like your choice
Ok
Everytime I am using the app it doesn't respond as fast or sometimes it doesn't even respond and it also says 'Facebook isn't working' or something and I have to force close. Plz Fix
The best app for FB, lov it
Wtf?
Love this app
Nic
I updated this app and now its worse then before it crashes it freezes omg are you serious?????
Hated it
Jc
Love that you can communicate in many different ways.
Hi
Why does this darn app always have to update? It's twice a week, ridiculous.
If u update facebook to d latest, we suffer. It hangs sometimes, its hard to login and super slow!
The best on before o_O now..
Instaal dis
like it.. Carry on
Updates sucks..... :(
Dr sheetal narula
Good
P
lovely
I loved it
My favorite app on play store
New update need more space.. btw, I'm fb lover..
Gdk
Nice
Nice
I love using Facebook ..
Don't bother to download. The app doesn't even starts.
Won't allow me to view the sticker store. Whyyyyy? Fix please.
Its very slow
Well done
I like it
Simply Osmm
Ok
Best..
Always force close
OK je
It takes too much memory

I like facebook
The best
Qball
mardan
Very fast user
Goooodd!!! But it need muuh time to reload!!
Eventhough the app is very good in all aspects. Only one thing making me to stop giving 5star. This app is making my device to go slow.
Fix this app
I think the app is getting worse, huge updates all the time are fulling my memory, having to download another app to excess my mails is absolutely ridiculous.
Its a wonderful app
Omg
Is good
Better....
Notun ta ekhono download korini... Dekhi lemon hoy....
Facebook
Very good
Amazinnmnnnnnnnnnmgggggggggggggg!!!!@@@!!!!!!!!!!!!
Facebook
The upgrade crashes my phone,  takes up too much memory and makes my phone go slow. I can't log into the application or browser now! I'm definitely unsatisfied!
Dont like.the new update
I can't upload pics or share as my fb page ID. It's no where Evn close to the fb Internet experience.  I don't like it.
Just that one can't copy posts or save images
U use and enjoy facebook
Rocks my socks
Love it
Cool
Cool
Ok
Love
Vitthal kumbhar
Much awaited feature.......but still we cant make our cover of already uploaded photos....once fixed five stars.......
10091984
Great way to connect with your friend and family
Nice app
Boring....nothing exciting
This app is very much and try the app you also love it
Good
Fab FB app
Sociable
What I hate about facebook now days it hard to know the new feed as once a personal comments on previous post it apper as new feed.its a boring social network
Really
Please minimize the use of memory in background.. this takes much RAM from my device :( Anyway, I very appreciate the recent changes. Added 1 star for you :3
Why won't my newsfeed stay on Most Recent instead of Top Stories?? Please fix!!
Besttttt
Better than before!
Good
bakvas he
Best
Why can't you just put Most Recent stuff up?! You hit the Recent Stories button and you still get posts from 2-3 days ago!!
Dis thng of urs e poor thata man..Jeere!!Agg
Good chain
All i can say is not good to update some app all the time like this one here. Really sucks. It freeze my fone. Pls. Fix this.
The problem can not login new account and get in so what going delete my face book account
This app making my phone are slow but my ram are 1 GB
Er
freezes all the time...wtf happened?
Ihaveagreat5
The
Since the latest update app crashes trying to scroll.
Nice app
Reliable.
I like this app.
Loved it
Nice
Help's to meet world on one way
Bakwas hai.....
Mast
Nice Job !!
The messages ain't showing directly but opening as messenger. And everything is fine with this app.
Friends
The app was horrible on my Galaxy S (1st gen). I had stopped using it completely. I tried it again on my Galaxy II & it's much better. I would love to see the edit option for comments like on the mobile web version though.
Conserves data usage and does not affect graphics ! Great
Its a wicked app but becoming a memory problem can you please slow down with the updates
Great APP
Facebook
Poor response .. Still not download
I love the app however it is inconvenient to have to click most recent to see the most current posts every time you open it
Picture's and Video's take forever to load, what happened?
Little bit
Super
Joy
Update is worst
Partha
Guys, jst download 5 stars coz first of all is very fast than ever
First,There isn't any picture posted or shared opening just keeps on loading.Please fix this problem soon.Second when my friends send me pics also they keep on loading.Third,too much space!I have only 4 apps(with facebook)and too much few pics and videos and still they tell me intufictient space availabe.Of I could put negative stars I woud this app apsolutly sucks.
Good app...
Popping
Can't wait for native app. The functions this app has works, but it's slow and missing some things from other platforms
An average one..
Bakbas
This is the only app on my phone that constantly freezes my phone and makes it stop working for about 1hour+
Good
Nice aap
Sweet io
Maddy sher
This app just gets worse and worse it shows the same status updates from days ago it doesn't load videos
I like it
Bored
I wish to get back the old notification function where u can press a button mark as read? Cuz not all notification I wanna go see so without that function its quite irritating to see it like new news but I dont necessarily wanna go see it.. n why mobile facebook cant see the messages in Others file? Very troublesome when wanna find it.. n too need the mark as read in mobile fb apps... AND please fix the news feed sorting? Its like chaos there with past and recent post mixing all together!!
I love this app
Prasu
Very good
Gawal
Maxfrenchbell
Nyc
I noticed that I couldn't enjoy fb as much cuz it started crashing..had up date it
Gud enough
Can't live without it
Good
Facebook is socialnetworking
Everythings suck update after update..puiii..pffft
Love using the FaceBook mobile app.
Good socializing app
Woooooooooow nice app thxxxx to all of you Facebook mekar
Nice networking. .
Good
Im not gettin feeds from anybody only from like 3 pages and thats all and they even are old from a week ago, and when I post something No One sees it and my fb has like this for a month! Please fix it! asap! Thnks in advanced

Keeps crashing after the last update. Stop making the app worst than before
Too bad there are not MINUS stars. :-(
I love the facebook
Facebook is awesome
It love
It's okkk not bad
Need some correction
Why do I have to scroll to the right and down a list to see the most recent posts, this is crap. I want to see what ppl are doing now. Not what you decide is most interesting.
this app needs more settings available for the user. Crashes at mist videos posted by bbc - yes, that is my device's fault,  right? :))
No comment
Facebook
Best fuckin app
After upgrade I can not comment on any posts!?????
Awesome
soen
Enlightening and very nice and easy to use.
Excellent
Smart phones choice
Tizit hito
Love u facebook
It is so attractive  as I spent hours for this social site regularly.
Super......
Keeps crashing on HTC explorer. Pretty slow. Bit restricting... Pity, really hoped it'd work. 26/11/12- had to delete app due to lack of space, have been trying to re-download and re-install it for a week now. Keeps coming up as "invalid package"
Speed increased
Is going to rocking.......
Super app
It love a family love.
awesome
Good
Does what I need it to do. GS5
Ok la...
Nice
Will even make an octa core hang to death....it used to be better a year ago
Every time I get on this Facebook app it puts another 20 mb on here. I have to delete my data & start over. Why? Please fix for 5 stars
Yay, Facebook app!  It'd STILL be nice to be able to Copy text from a friend's Link in order to share the essence of the OP, but hey, small potatoes,  right?   Also, can we Pin Facebook posts/links/photos directly from the app? That'd be nearly epic.
Shows old things on news feed can't see messages until I download fb messenger makes tablet slower than before I would give 0 stars if I had the choice
I dislike it. I can't tag my friend n my post I've shared. This update is just too extra 4 no reason cus its a wasted of time. How do I UNupdate this app. I want my last updated app back, I loved that 1 better den this crap! Fix it asap
Nice app
The new update seems a lot quicker to load everything. Looks better aswell. I think the poor ratings may have something to do with peoples phones not being high spec. I recommend people without high end phones do not update the app
Gon
Gr8
(Most recent post) ¡û I NEED THIS!
Simply superb and speedy
The application is 'not responding' very often, after the last update.... it needs urgent intervention,  otherwise a big setback for fb....
boring
1-I hav a bit problm wid my fb app tht whn evr I like the page on fb which my frndz liked I liked tht page and whn I open fb again it was nt liked ...  and the 2- iz tht whn I lik the pics status etc it is also nt like by mee I hav to clik agin and agin on thm sooo fix them up ...  :@ :@
Terbaik
Good
It just keeps crashing and hanging my phone
It is fab
I can't open my account
awesome update
East or west facebook is the best
Excellent app
sucks!!!!
Aren't updates supposed to improve?  I can't tag people in comments anymore, and since there is no reply option I now have to use my browser to have a conversation on multi comment posts.
Ok
Updates make it worse!!!
Please add 'custom' option in audience section when posting... please... Takes too much ram also. That's not so good.. :(
Best
Its so good
Non Non

Very lose
Got better last time need to check this one out
Love it
on my device i cant direct to change my cover photo now i can direct
But a bit heavy on ram
Pretty good...
Don't get the most recent
Google
Why did not have a option photo uplad in a group album.
good
Totally awesome
Wow!,it does work...#excellent
tm
Excellent
Cant wait to wait
It's not bad
Facebook
Good app
I generally like Facebook and it usually works well. What I don't like is that it asks for too many permissions, so I won't update until that changes. It's also why I won't add the messanger app and always go through Facebook online. Get rid of the unnecessary intrusive permissions and I'll update both.
Sarkar
This is the message I get when playing videos. They either never play or stop playing midway...due to an unknown error.
Caused lots of drama. But hey, I get a good laugh everyday. It'd be cool if Facebook's next update could be If like when you share something, you can have like a watch later folder. So I can go back and watch if it looks interesting but it's an inappropriate place to watch the video
I love it
Awesome
Cant play video...wtf fb
I love this..
Lumayan bray....
I am not happy.with this 2 and 3 Days late mess.
Assalamu Alaykum
Adv.Bhupendra Sharma
Great
Fb is too slow when i want to log in...also the design is quit boring...
Just enjoying ...
Not gettin notification in my status bar
sumon
Fokat ki jel.
Too slow!!!!!! Always not responding!!!!some post of mine cant be seen anymore!!! Could u fix it!!!! Whats the use of posting if it cant be seen!!!!!!! Sh*t!!!!
Its fantastic,,,,
Facebook update
I cannot open facebook using my samsung galaxy s3. I can not uninstall it, when i tried to uninstall it, my phone will reboot automatically. Please fix this. Thank you!
It want Let Me Log In N It Take Me 2Days just to Install Thz App
KalaiKalai
Great apps...
kindly fix this problem . i don't get notification alerts at time due to which I'm unable to respond to the Post's I've been tagged in. for god sake fix this issue for me and I'll give u 5 stars for sure!! :(
Sorry an unexpected error occured! Suddenly Facebook app is showing this error. Cant login now! I hated this app and I still hate it!
rex douza
V.good
Yuck
The Birthday of my friends are not showing in the notifications.. fix it !!
Most useful for social networking.
Awesome
Top
But has like the copy of instagram
It like a new life for me
All of you who said it that it`s not good, thats your handphone problem not Facebook. Think before you all post
Booooooo! Update so embarrassing. Too much memory usage! Facebook application are looser! Undo all what you've done. It's too sucks. 
So many internal space are required it can't transfer in SD card
Free
Don't see how anything has changed!!
I m using Facebook
Some bugs.
This lets me connect with my family far away
This Facebook is still CRAP. The mobile version is much better. Please fix. Can't post photo comments anymore?????!!!!!
Very good

Great
Facebook is the best app ..
Fb
Excellent
Suck an Orsome and Great  Comunication Abilty=Cool to keep in touch  at  time's ;-)
I really need an actual dislike button though.
Slow response
New update, now pictures and video posts won't download. Thanks for nothing.
GOOD
Katherine Rogers
After the last update, this application blows diseased goats. Loudly, publicly, with media coverage and party favors for the kiddies. Four out of four attempts to use the app resulted in "Facebook is not responding. Would you like to close it?"  I am uninstalling until you fix the latest screw-update. And for those who say"why are you complaining- it's free?" :  No, with all the advertising I have to sift through, it is NOT free; it costs in time what it doesn't cost in funds.
I needed it to communicate with my friends. It does that just fine.
Very good :))
Not as bad as it once was
Very nice
I Like it so much. Nice app.
Hope that it is the largest social network
Not bad.  I. Love that I can add pix to comments :)
Need to use LESS space,  Show statuses In ACTUAL time , and Upload FASTER. I do like the interface but for an application to take up more than 60 mb,  I think that could atleast be met!
Facebook
Fine
Simple is best.  I think Facebook is trying too hard with some stuff.
is soooooo bad
good
Freind
Its great?
Good
You should not tak rubish abt it
Excellent
Only timpass people give comments!!!!
nice app
You need a dislike button
wooooooooow
Can do somethng better then the old version
The app is great but the stickers need more
Good yrr
Great
Excellent  platform
badly
I hate this apps because there so many errors. I can't enjoy if i use this.
Very slow
M loving it :*
I love it
Nice
Sharma
Larsen&Toubro Ltd
Crashed
Whatever
manet
Amazing app
When ever I try to open any thing on fb it loadx really late
Great!
It used to be a big app but now its simply too large to be of any use & I dont see any real improvements
Your app got crashed twice after i updated that. You're Making it bad from worse on each update.  The app got crashed twice while i was using the tag function. It would be great if you could make the UI much more simple,now your labels and buttons are looking like an elephant. I am not going to update this even if there is an update
Social
Excellent
Love it
Nic
Tajmahal
Great
Update is perfect
Good to contact people from far away and the best
I like what it thinks it can do! But frustrated it can't do it! All these other reviews tell you what to fix, so fix it!! PLEASE!!!!
Invading more of our lives every day but stable
no good
It will not stop freezing up on me!   It's been doing this for a week.   There is no update available!   So frustrating!
Yo yo
Fast way to contact friends and families aroundthe world
New update causes it to crash about 5 minutes after I open it.  Every time.  And it does not have most up-to-date info on news feed.
Inc.
Its a lovely app as it helps me to stay connected with my frnds 24/7.
On line
Kannan
Not bad
Best app
Okay but needs stability  Xperia M C1904
Lts me see wht family, friends are up too
Lovely
Again Y can't I copy text of posts?
whoo
Its very special and loving
Make it offline chating
Try this
I la u
Trai
Super..........se.........bi...........upaer
Shows update message after already updated
Super
Soo nice 2 catch friends
Mast
The most  important  app
No image search n send feature! Really disaapointing.
ok
I had to uninstall updates to get it to work... Now I'm stuck using the factory Facebook app which is as much a pain to use as the mobile app.
Very nice
I like Facebook
Like
Nice app.... loved it
Am getting an error when trying to download this app on another device of mine. Error "_24" have been trying to fix this and nothing yet. Fix this please.
Stfctayt could use more promo
Fix the app please!! Consider making the app back to the old one
Heppy
Good app
Beans e bals
Good
Cant even use Facebook.. like just wth lol all your updates suck just stop

So good :)
Its alright. I just don't like to keep updating my fb. Its really nothing new sometimes!
Facebook is da Bomb 
I updated the app and it just crashed and when i tried several times for log in it does not appear any thing not a single story can be seen. The speed went really slow tiring and killing! Plz do something to fix that problem and one more thing before that latest update it workrd out so perfect and fast! Plz do fix it
Mark Zuckerbrg , why ?
Very slow
super
How download facebook video
Why this Facebook app uses around 100MB of my (Micromax Unite 2) phone memory? I'm unable to update or install other apps if I don't clear it's data from settings. Plz reduce the amount of data & RAM which it uses on phone memory.
Very good app
Creat a problem hanging again and again
Good
Grand Quattro
Fine
Khan
Lol
Great
####
It is best
NO COMPLAINTS,GETTING GREAT CHECK-UPS ON ALL OF MY FAMILY AND FRIENDS!!!***
Hai
Good quality and very cool app
It is worst and struck some times and phone will hangs because of fb app
Loved it
My phone keeps lagging when i open it plz fix.
It WAS a great app. THAT IS UNTIL THE UPDATE! Now it won't let me tag friends, it closes almost every time I open it and it takes up a lot of space! I can't even tag my own husband anymore :/
Why are the videos Not available for playback?
Mitthhaasss
Wow
Not in so good quality.
One day I went on to facebook and suddenly all the posts were gone...It said i needed to add friends but I already have so many please fix this if not all my memory in side facebook will be lost.
nice aplication
New update is horrible! I don't want to see what happened 2 days ago!! No way to sort feed!!!!
After download it says "package file was not signed...", plz fix it.
Brah It's Wonderful
Excellent i lv it vry much guys
Super
T
Facebook is the best social networking system.
Its ok
Like everything but the fact that I don't wont my old friends post I wont what they are doing now the new ones PLEASE fix it
I m so happy, but how can I down load video? only photographs r save not video ? wht can I do.
Facebook keeps freezing on me. And booting me off! Please fix it freezes about every 15 minutes. Driving me nuts!
This app is very good app  by this app we connect our friends very fast
Awesome
After 5 or 6 min it go back to the home screen plz fix it
Would like to be able to do as much as you can on the desktop version, but it's still good
1122
This aap. Is very very nice
Works good ;)
Force close
Saya amat menyukainya
Very useful
Oz
Its not fast
I Love Facebook But Please I Went Vreified My Account In Facebokk ..
I like it
If anyone want to update any application be aware if you dont have a high end phone
Winter in Florida
Its good social site to communicate with old frnds so i like it very much...
NY KNICKS
Every time I go to open it, it sits there for like 5 minutes, then kicks me out! Whenever it does work, it only shows statuses from the day before! Fix this please, then I'll give a better rating!
i love facebook life time ...........
It's also febarit for social networking
Barely works. Crashes all the time, and what's with being able to see you're other messages but not be able to read them?  Use your browser in your phone instead.  You'll thank me.
i lovefacebook so.please connect and update me all the time.
So very nice app.
Text size option should be included.
It sucks
347 e b
Loved it
Very good
Its somewhat has an additicting trait. Crazy.
Need to be able to add photos to comments on a galaxy s3
Good
good
#Umm #LUVYNNE #THIZZ  ( 1 #0NE )...
this application is consuming a space on my phone memory and its not able to move SD memory.
Sooper
its ok
Very good
Good app
David
"sorry, but an unknown error accurred while trying to play this video" this message will appears when i want too wacth video.
Seriously slow. Doesn't load. Freezes. Not worth effort to use. Going old school and calling my 700 friends is faster, and more satisfying.
Ashamed
Ok
Best of life
Varsitha
goooooood!
Excellent
E
Excellent
Kein immer wieder was !!!!!!!!!!!!!
Great ego boost
It wont let me get the new update on my HTC WildFire. Please fix it.
Very good
Amazing..
It kinda sucks
Sorrellgail@yahoo. com
It so.nice because i know what my friend are doing plz dont deleted
Grrrr!still not working.always closed unrespectively,i dont know why.it stop my browsing.pls fix.tnks. Annoying!
No complaints
Stop updating! I dont know what is wrong with my fb app!! lag all the time. Please do something
Dyvb
love my fb
Best
Facebook not responding, Facebook not responding, Facebook not responding, it's terrible.  That never happened BEFORE UPDATE. And I only want videos to play when I want them to play, not when scrolling past them.  Not impressed at all with the updates.
A+
Great
Ilike it
Nice app
My  voies recorder is not working pls  fix it i give you 5 star if you fix it
good
Pranesh M shet
Like
These updates are killing this app. The more you change the less I am actually able to keep up with my friends. You can move the most recent button but it dont change the fact that I am not getting my whole fb experience on my home page.
Needs an update ASAP!! can't share information on other friends wall!!!!
-_-
Nice
Pretty gud UI,Consumes much space and RAM .Atrium would be a better substitute for low end devices
Thumb ups
Dhurba rokaha @ dot. Com
No puedo ver los videos muy lento
Khurram
This is best soial network
Great job guys,  5stars
jusss luv it
I like
Gud
xptn somethi new nd magical
Great
Very nice App
Love it
Love seeing old friends and meeting new friends.
Nic
I've had to uninstal several apps to accommodate the latest update.
Hay
It works awesome
facebook
Incredible app
I've seen all the other comments and they are pretty harsh. I havnt had problems with the app very easy to use :) i like the lay out aswell.
Is vaey good app
A great way to interact with your family & friends.
With over 500,000,000 downloads you would think one would realize you have a good thing going. But with every update FB gets less and less appealing. Leave it alone !!! Please !!! Eventually someone will develop something similar addressing all of Facebooks short comings, and FB will be left to wonder what if!!!!!
Great
Iam feel fbk
Well if i want to comment on a story now i am sign in on facebook but i have to some how go back an sign in an it doesnt work it getting sorry an stupid
Pakka
I love u..
why dont the contacts sync automatically anymore?...
Ok 33
Most recent stories are now buried in a separate menu and harder than ever to access. And the turn off notifications feature is there but doesn't do anything.
There is no conecttion and wi-fi
It is very fast more than a computer
Cant use my back button on all fb windows and I cant watch videos keep saying sorry cant play this video Sony   Xperia Z
s5
One worst app in android which makes my phone very slow.
Good but not a better
Better
Use too much memory please make a light version
Better than the Windows mobile app. Sometimes the newsfeed is empty however. And I'm a dork.
Dis
You guys are literally making no effort to make this app better at all. I still continue to see post from the day before from friends, and it sucks. Seriously, fix this crap. If anyone needs me, I'll be on instagram and Twitter.
teyghs
Lag, very slow
Amazing
m
Good
Wow
chat with your friends
I'm tired of having the same crap show up at the top every time someone comments on it. The top story is 2 days old, but someone commented on it, so there it is again. Also, stop with the jumping of the news feeds while I'm trying to read a post. Fix it or I'm deleting this app.
Amritjot
Cepat dipakai
Awesomme
Can someone tell me why every update sucks!
Good
Superb
The app is always working and never fails to tell me anything
Its working fine, hoping the new updates will work much better.
Cooooooooooooooool!!!
Good
To add insult to injury, with the latest app, I can't "share" posts to friends' pages. This app is just awful.
I hope you can develop a way for us to see the top comment.
As long as it's free&you don't want to draw over my SDcard. Seems OK.DON'T LIKE NEW STYLE.NEW PAGE LAYOUT HURTS MY EYE'S,CANNOT FIND MARK2POST OR SHARE STUFF,&CAN BARLEY SEE LETTERS,CAN U MAKE LETTERS MORE BOLD.
I have never had a problem with the Facebook apps or the updates. Buy now it rarely let's me watch videos or add friends. It keeps telling me that there is an error. What's going on? This is extremely annoying.
Facebook needs to better because I keep getting blocked when I don't be on fb
Coooooooollllllll
Good ok
Love so much
I like Facebook l love Facebook
Owh..yeah
excellent, great and wonderful
¥Ä
Very good app. Also design of app is very good
Its a little slow at times but other wise ok.
Horny
Good

When im using this  apps..cant continue using  it,because its always force close..!why??   And i cant recieve also a notification !!please fix !thanks;)
Superb app
Alway stop.pls fix it.
Ali raza
Good but why it doesn't have feeling button
It is to slow
Do something about Speed!
It consume too much space in memory..!!
Familiar app
Absolutely a shambles...Spending more time trying to log in.....Hate it
Works gr8
Nice
Super app
Make it light & faster
Although a little slow on this old phone, and some changes that seem unnecessary, FB is still my go-to social site.
#@som app fb
Update not working.
now new update avilable
Suppr app
Download eror
Awesome
Cool
Great
every thing is ok but there should be something to play the fb games on mobil
Exstra
Nice
Doesn't work after latest update. stops and freezes my phone. Fix it please.
Great
Superb
Sangat baik
Thank
Cool
Nice

Love it
Nice nd fast update!
I love facebook
HahabayBabajgava
Creative approach and aqesome feel
Gor
Uses too much space, not able to download too slow.
Please fix it.. when I upload and try to rotate photos it goes black or white then goes back to the news feed:(
super
Facebook
I try to download it but it keeps on telling me"package file has a bad manifest". Help if you can. Thank you.
I would give hire stars but I can't do a thing on Facebook but my status updates. U guys r beginning to suck. I have other Facebook apps that r way better then u.
Loading...... loading......Failed......
For 3 days this app has not worked...if it doesnt get fixed soon i am uninstalling!
I 36 TX y
Is okay...
Me
Fantastic
These Facebook applications is very cool app know I'm installed and u are also install. .....
Great work
What the fucu updating???
Bvn
Good but sometime not working
I think every update is awesome
Sye sngt ska facebook ini,?!!!!!
Very very very good   J
Facebook is very nice time pass.
Always stucked and force close. After new update
Wow i like it so
Mackzegbers fruitful sum of great enthusiasm and hardwork :-)
It's great but I wish my news feed would show recent posts.
I can't chat my freinds when I upadate....pls fix
I know you can't please everyone, but thank you for this app. You've changed lives by allowing us to communicate to our friends and family freely via net. God bless :)
Hebat
Loved it
Niceee i likee itt
It is always showing real late posts! U need to fix that so we can see the most recent ones! I would like to know what my friends are up to now, not from yesterday or days before! Fix that fast!!!
I liked being able to see most recent posts, since updating there is no option so I end up seeing the same posts from 2 days ago. . Dislike that! Please add that feature
Everything works fine but my videos won't play...fix please
?!?!??!??!/! why they tell me (not enough .........thing)
These updates are actual downgrades!? What the Hell?! If I didn't need 2 keep in touch, this'd been DISABLED since every phones armed with it!
loved it!!
I expect more GUI .

The facebook is awesome
I liked it
nice app
I can't even get it to up date on my phone.  Maybe that's a good thing.  I've tried several time.  Last time. - star!
Good
Nice
Nice app
I dont like this new update facebook. Im very like before this
Fast upload make me love Facebook:)
All people connecting.. !! :)
i love this app.yeah
It is very useful software for browsing Facebook in your android phone. It works very speedily. I like that.
It Says theres an error loading or refreshing anything. Its getting me mad so Im uninstalling fix this Now.
Too high memory always crashes
Is the best way to stay in touch with your friends and family
BAD
Lag.. lol new update very suck
Nice
Excellent
I thought when I update, I can experience an upgraded FB. but the result is, it just lead my phone to hang and lag all the time, as well as force closing. PLEASE FIX IT. :(((
The new update made the whole application very slow. The scrolling is way slow. The smoothness went off. I wish u guys make it good with the next update. Thanks
Engineer
I use my Facebook profile to generate content for my page.  I need the timeline to default to most recent. Can no longer share from my Facebook account to my page, which is devastating.  Fire the developer.
I love having the option to check Facebook on my phone, but this update is so painfully slow that it's barely worth it! Please fix so it runs more smoothly because I really do like having Facebook on my phone.
Love it
Smoothly running
How come you guy's tell us that we need to update when downloading the new version of it, it does not work ? It doesn't make sense at all , you guy's spend alot of money on these apps that do'nt work that is not fair give us a break ,really
Whenever i leave this app by clicking a link or minimizing i cannot resume from where i left over the page. It goes back to the top.
Trying to setup FaFacebook cebook? App on a straight talk phone not able to get help from Facebook or straight talk This is ridiculous
Whats wrong with this app? The android version is slower than ios version... why cant you fix it.. your servers are too slow its difficult to login or show any status updates or notifications
Super
Nice
Oh dear....this is really poor.
Load time is terrible,use to work....won't open since update.....it's crap
THE BESTTT
Wish I can see everything like my laptop
Alsome man
Iloveyou
Please consider it to any type of cellphones"
I can't do anything without if force closing and I'm guessing because the app is so big it forces my phone to shut off or drains the battery so quickly its ridiculous!!!! And every time I turn around it always needs to update this app is absolute GARBAGE!!!!
I love this
Lots of information and entertainment.
Lov u
Excellent
Needs the option to be able to sort your feeds
everithing in it is just fabulous
I've had to update this app three time in the past two days and the app is not improving but will not work unless I update it.
Excellent Site..
Wants to read your SMS messages, your email and your calendar. I need this app to do my job, but I am not happy about it.
Cannot watch videos in my z2 please fix this
It's all right.
Nice
It was so great apps,
I love it
Kambakht ishq
It keeps crashing whenever you play videos. Can the developers pleeease do something bout this.
Great app for Android devices
this version is working realy good...
What happen..i have accidently uninstalled this facebook app, then tried to download, it appear cannot download due to error..pls fix it
Soni
lets chat
This update two days after I did the last one. Where's the "un-do" button!
Needs improvement
Slower than hell since the update!!! Would have left minus stars if it was available!!!!
Its a nice app.Helpful in socializing..
Good job fb! Just need the option to control who can view your specific posts
Junk.  This is crap. This app sucks. The latest update is THE worst. I hate it. Quit messing with this crap. Why the hell is it i go to most recent, it shows me crap from 2days ago?  Really?  If I didn't want to keep up on friends events, I'd uninstall.
It s  very good its not instald  my  phone
Just like everyone else. I'm frustrated by not having control of my feed. I don't want to know what happened yesterday! I want most recent feed. The description states i can access most recent in "more" but unless that's hidden somewhere, its not the case. Hate that I have to go to the mobile site instead.
Facebook
Very strong site
App is constantly freezing & forceclosing...THAT NEEDS FIXING ASAP!!!!
The new update sucks.  Keeps crashing and can't even enjoy the newsfeed. Every 2 minutes i have to deal with it crashing. Please fix it!
I love Facebook
This thing is amazing i love IT ! <3
have no hope of improvment from facebook now
Not bad but their are many other sites and they keep accusing me of stuff that I didn't do.
Excellent
With this new update i can't even open the Dang app....
We want the old version of facebook!!!!!it was verry bad version!!!!i really dnt knw whats going on everytime i open...u have to wait for a 10 mins to load
Really Good app
Its an okay app but seriously this update needs major fixes...  im in the middle of the status and it lags and freezes... STOP MAKING CRAPPY UPDATES mark zuckerberg im sure u read these.. get your business together
Sangat mendukung
In previous versions I could edit comments I had made.  Can't seem to do that now.  Might revert to earlier version.
Wah g wah
Happy  always smile
Nice
Pls fix it!!!!!!!! My news feed was so so so so so so so so so so so so soooooooooooooo late ........... And sad to say it crashes down everytime I open it.
Like it
Love it
Please have the privact setting in status same in the web
Allla
FC
Its best social app ever so fast and so nice themes fast downloading fast uploading, the problem is with your phone not with the app. What the app will do if your phone is just a Dump >_>
El amor
Loved it
Ok
Had to do this update. It stinks. Won't play any videos, not 1. 75% of pic won't load. And it takes 15-20 hours to see your friends new posts. I have a new galaxy s5.
Constant notifications and volume of crap shared is maddening. Reduced updates to 4 hours and turned off notifications. Still getting notifications. My only app which drains more battery charge than FB is a massive game. Tried beta test version...don't go there...the constant niggles and updates will drive you nuts. Despite all it's slickness and growing feature list I have come to hate this app. Facebook's growing callous disregard for privacy is the last draw. Uninstalled.
I'm addicted
nice
Firstly I have given it 3 stars but now after 1 year I loved it.
Goood to save picture bt must have put copy n cut option
Gud
Force Close slow down n show old post instead of new post fix it or imma delete app
I can't understand why all people face problem with this app. It works totally fine in my cell
Mobile when i want to share plz try to less pointouts
You are Always in my mind   and forever inside my heart...
Facebool
Bad
Facebook
Super
Keeps crashing!
Getting better . When will andriods get ios7 update ?
Disgusting update
The best
I am so tired of not being able to see the most recent statuses. Also last weekend was my birthday and I didn't get half of the notifications. Very frustrating!!!!!! Please fix ASAP!
Mast h ylll
App was working fine before I updated. Now it won't even open at all. Can't use fb app. Just crashes, and forced closed.
Uses lots of memory and it stops working everytime .i felt better to remove it.
Excellent
The best app

Take so much memory & very slow downloading most people had given 2-3 star's
my news feed dont work, friend request list ,notifications, or my timeline fix this now and I'll give it a 4 star please
I cant get the new update of the application
If you use it correctly,  it works.
Gud
Its k
Great
download in install
This went from disappointing, to annoying. Uses too much space, barely loads pics and vids. Will be uninstalling soon
Good upgrade
Since the latest update I've had issues with it app booting me off and now i can't post pics. Fix this and i will give 5 stars! I now can't post anything and my whole phone is acting crazy. Plz someone get back with me on this issue... I WISH I HAD NOT UPDATED!
When im log in my internal memory is full and when im log out my phone is not memory full .. Please fix it .. My phone is little space only ..
Work
Very good
Rizwan khan
Good
Facebook
To l
If you're not going to participate for this app update..the app function is to slow!!fix it then i gaved you the 5!!!!
24 SmileS..  :-) :-):-) :-):-):-) :-):-):-):-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-):-):-):-) :-):-):-) :-):-) :-) One For Each Hour...Chatting
Perfect
Stras
Love it!!
Really nice app. Now I can connect with my friends with ease.;-)
Per sempre
Will cause a complete failure of phone operation. Have to do a hard boot everytime.
Update... superb... but improve the app... teams.. ty
Loving it
Can't play videos.
Nice
Up good
I like it ..
It finally updated! 
Media is wonderful,if used properlyy.....
Nice
Super
I love Facebook
so good
sorry, and unknown error occured while trying to play this video. very disappointing
My Facebook Friends have recently been sending me these weird  Facebook messages that are advertising free stuff and busines ventures please help and inform.
This app is.great for JUST checking messages, can't play games!  :-(
Occupies lots of space
Dinesh
Gud!  1 very nice
Facebook is very intristing app
This app is much slow than earlier..... Realy slow and look a like browser version.... Pls...back old app ....
I can't retrieve my notificaton and also my newsfeed, its always error
The updates drain the memory. It takes almost 100 MB. I need to install Facebook, but then I'll need to remove the other apps.. It's horrible..
Amazing
Stop the updates please every time I update I have to delete some of my apps. I down to only fb and snap chat left
Fb baru ni sungguh hbat...10 like it
Ade jarya ma apne sare friends de nal gal kar shak da ha.and pic like and comment kar shakda .......and time pass.good job.
Love it.
So nice apps
Why do they even bring out such updates......???? Dnt update to this version.....crashes every time......useless...annoying...hated it.....DONT DOWNLOAD....and the app prioritizes the posts on its own........by default it does nt show the latest posts...
Molla
Nicep
love 4u
its a good apps
What is error 24........ my phone deleted the app that I've had for months
Good
Occasionally stopped working... showing error frequently while saving photos..
Les vid¨¦os se lisent quand on clique dessus mais ne sont pas cadr¨¦es. Je ne vois qu'une petite partie du haut de la vid¨¦o sur mon ¨¦cran.
It takes too much my phone's data. Very very slowwwwwwwwwww >_<
Facebook
Some serious bugs are there but u still love Facebook
I like it
Like this page  a lot .thanks for starting .
*****
i like it
Best app
keeps me in touch with all my old friends!!!!!!!!!
Slow..n no option 2 delete commnts n status. Plz fix dis problm as soon as possible..
Nice'and elegant
Awesome app
Hajsh
best app
Super je
good
Nice
It's good
Nice
Its a fabulous site to be in contact with our friends
Good app
Nice
It keeps crashing
Good
Good
Superb
Love it '
Why cant i upload video??
always updating my god just fix it one time not every single day.PLS INCLUDE THE CUSTOM BUTTON .!!!!ALWAYS ENDING UP WITH ONLY ME
luck depand on hand
Suber
Goooood
Its good social networking
Good
Gud
Super
Consumes too much RAM.!
Could be better...
It is a  best app to connect people
Good
Without this app how would an youngster survive a day
I don't like top feed I want to see new not yesterdays crap. Who's to say by a website what is a top feed
New updates take like 50 mgb of memory! wtf?
I have alot of free memory left but the constanting updating leaves my phone with a " insufficient storage " available. Please fix :----(
Unable to upload more than one picture or tag them. Completely freezes every single time since last update. What's the problem? You guys don't test your app updates prior to release?
I can't mark texts pls fix this . And I want folder option in photos upload
It is not suitable for low storage device
Amazing.!.!.!.!.!
Since the recent update I cant tag anyone I want to tag I just have a select few and to be honest they aren't people I usually tag so im really annoyed just leave it as it was
Everytime I try to watch a video it an error occurs. Very annoying.

5n....
Love. Ever.  One
NICE APPP I LIKED IT NOW SEND ME REQUESTS ON FB USERNAME - ATUL SINHA
Nice
K
Good
Loved it
boring
It's a pretty good app does what its suppose to do most of the time. Little things here and there that can be fix but all in all its worth downloading.
FB ROCKS
I love it
Not the greatest app
I love it this app
Orang temmenal
Very slow to down lode
i love facebook coz i get to meet so many people and find friends
Good
Great
Mast he noossss
It takes forever to download
Mamales
Na
Very very nice
This app is far too big! It takes up to much memory and repeatedly lags or crashes!
It just a magic but why I don't know it does not work correctly
R
I love it u could Comunicate with family and friends!!!o_O
Love
LOVE IT <3
Open
good app
Love Facebook be able to talk to family & friends all over
As ur wish
Updating it has become a headache..
Nice app
LOVE
It is very slow and crashes every now and then
The best
uses too much memory
Its has "error in loading newsfeeds!!"wtf!!
I can't download other apps because of this apps mb are too huge
Nice
Lags for days and would like to see the updates from my friends as soon as their posted not 20 to 40 hours later
This is amazing and fabulous apps.
Gud
good app
Chand
hii
I love it
After the last update Facebook just freezes on my phone.
Loved it
Gufld...
M.irfan ayub Khan and haji mohammad ayub Khan
Goooood
I hope everybody says its awesome
Fb is great app to chat
Really good and easy tu reach all family members and all friends
Too hard
This app is great 
Gusto ko to
(99.9)
good
Year
Okay
i lov it
:))
Awesome app
Go  for fb and use for the best way
Its just fuc**ing ... While using dis new version !!! :(
the new ver. of this fcebook is not goodd enough that I used to.. previous ver. of facebook is sooo good as front of this FB....
Face book was very speed
Best app.!
ice
, but  Iranian people not access to FB !!
Good
Working very smoothly Verey nice.
Thanks
It's good but previous versions was better ..
Video cant load throung a day
All of a sudden I can't upload pictures to Facebook!?
Good
Fb best
This app running very slow and hang the mobile. Pliz fix it and change the view of app and update problem......
It is very cool
Use it ,feel it ,need it people say
Horrible needs to work with  WiFi
why i can't post a picture in the comments anymore!!!? fix it plssssssss
Did the update where is my most recent posts? It's hours and days behind!
Awesome
Sa weii
very nice n useful apps for my android made me more closer to fren n small to world by free calls
Facebook is an app that can communicate with other
Asus tablet won't work after update
Good
Gud
I just love it
Facebook!!!!!! Keeps telling me that my email address is invalid... says it's not a secure link when I try I send it via a message... and wants me to enter a valid one for log in... I use my email everyday, so it's obviously not invalid! The app itself is great and works well :-)
angel locsin
nice apps
Welcome to feacbook
Nice
I love it
App wouldnt even open after the update! EPIC FAIL! DELETING APP NOW!
Better
Am i the only one who's facebook app is running slow? No matter if i'm on wifi or mobile network it runns slow and freezes a lot..
Videos won't play now. FB help says it's my phone now that's funny because they played before I did this update!!
the only good app for face book
asks fr update after evry 2nd day... dont even thnk ab installing it... never ever!
Good
This new version app .. Not good ... Can't add pic in pic comnt ...
so c00l
Still can't watch videos at all since last update AT ALL! They keep closing and saying there is a problem. Plus, my news feed is ALWAYS out of order. Fix this!!
Hola c¨®mo est¨¢n un saludo
Nice
I have disliked facebook for many reasons, adverts is just one of the reasons. Not to mention the ridiculousness of posts liked from over a yr ago. I dont care about then I care about now and tomorrow. I have just opened a twitter account and so far so good .facebook is more a money maker rather than a social networking site. I see more comercials or shares of stupid photos, its getting way out of control. Quite sad.
Nice
Super
Superb
Hamis said
If I could give this a comment with no stars I would... some people can't leave well enough alone...
:/
Very slow fix it
I love it because I can see pictures of family and friends
Running so smooth...
Stop updating facebook please! Its on enlarge the memory and usage of the ram! Not good for phone who have a small memory and ram!
nice app!!
Love facebook
Pretty good
Sumit Kumar
Never like update
Iam so sorry I updated Facebook, I can't stand that I can't choose anymore to have currant updates and not news from 20 hours ago....Very disappointed and would much rather have the old FB back.....
It goes slow
good aplication
If this app let's me to set the news feed by chronological order, I would rate it at 5
this recent upgrade sucks, big time.....my groups are no longer available.......can't post to them......you really blew this one facebook!!!!!!!
Shafthar
excellent
good for me
Gooood
I wanna know what my friends are posting now ..not what they posted 20 hours agoo..... It takes tooooo much memory and acctually i feel no diffrence
Is it too much to ask for Facebook to build in an edit post function so that I don't have to go to a desktop machine or a Web browser to update a typo in a Facebook post?  I can do everything else but fix typos in posted text...come on and fix it already.
Amazing
helping me keeping  in touch with my family and my friends
Svako par sati me prikazuje online i kada nisam a pogotovo u sitne sate kada uveliko spavam. Korisno ako zelite djevojku napraviti ljubomornom.
Cool
I love fb
Super
This apparently is really the best one
Love this...
Nice
Super dupakur apps.
Ok
A lot of problem
Makes my phone slower
i can't hide my old posts/photos or any new post that i make from lists/people, whom i don't want to share stuff with. I thought this new update would have fixed it. But it hasn't. Looking forward to a fix soon :)
Cuddu
Uninstalling this garbage. My newsfeed shouldnt be what my friends posted yesterday. How is it w every update the app gets worse and worse??? Cant watch videos either. Horrible
Khan
Good App...I hope u do something about the problem of hanging though !
Nice
Gud app
Osho
Awesome
No problems with this app on this phone. So Far....
Full tym rubbish...
It sucks. I hate fb anyways.
Gud aa
Read sms and mms. Go f yourselves
Nice full loaded
Its cool way cool
Kool
Nice ;)
Great
Better one
Good
Ty
Kashmir is jannat
Keeps freezing
Social network
Nice
2 updates ago they broke the app's ability to play videos in full screen. Now you can only watch FB videos without sound.
Nice.......

Best
Facebook is great.
Data miners :)
Very good app
Just works ok . To much stuff I don't need. Like some thing about it but for the most part a big waist of time.
Great
Nice app
Good
:)
Fine
This update sucks everytime I try to load it, it keeps crashing. Its starting to bog down my phone. I can't even look at any news articles that's shared because it does crash. If I play a video from my timeline or feed it crashes. You need to seriously look into whom every is doing you're coding because they are screwing up some where.
Still can't have most recent timeline when app is opened. This makes it dumb. Its Saturday but I'm reading posts from Thursday. Wtg fb. You still suck. YOU SUCK!
Add a feature in fb my friend who r add with me to know which person is chat with them and what they chat.
keep crashing.. Pls. Fix
mast h lekin mobile ko slow kr deta h
Does "Remove tag" mean "I don't like this photo"???
This app is shipped out with millions of phones and it can't even play a video without "something going wrong" what a pile of excrement
Gud
Great social network app
Ok
Nice app
I hope this version is faster than the last update which seemed to bog down everything on my phone.
no word for this
i would like to give it zero if possible . gets hang every now n then.
So
492
I Hate
THANKS
Love it
Super !
Its a'ite just when i first login you have to force close but goes sweet after that, and posting u can edit privacy but cant choose custom
v
Fine
Great stuff. ..
Love
What is wrong with my neewsfeed, I cant get the newest post! Whenever I open this app its always 20-1day ago!!
superb
Facebook
Realy its great .
Very good app. And very easy to use
amazing....
Let me choose to view most recent by default
good but you have to give new vision in which we can do face to face chat
you guys need to fix it... this version sucks.. n the new 1  too...  profile pics should be kept private   ...

So Far So Good!
Aashmi
Nice
Very fantastik
Everytime I open facebook it says I can't load notifications even when I have strong net
Ahmad hassin virk
Mayank Shah
I like it
It's crashing a lot and and this app require permissions to access everything your phone
Please fix the notification sound, it is listed as "ringtone" it needs to be "notification". When i turn my notification sounds off that should include Facebook notifications. I need to be woken up for phone calls not facebook status updates! Come on, you can do better!!! Also, I want my feed in chronological order and I should be allowed to pick that as my own default! I will use the mobile site instead. Your new update is useless to me.
super
Fb is good it did not work for tab
Do not like new " update at all. About to uninstall whole app since it won't allow me to uninstall just the stupid "update"
famous
Hi
Its  not running fast and hang
¡ìSss
Surya c mahesh
Best
Lekin ye kaisa update hai i cant play videos takes too much time to load every page even on 3G
Bang
My feed doesn't load and its making my phone lag
Ok
No problems at all
Facebook
Nice app
Pray for gaza
Very nice
Superb
Nice
Very good way to stay in touch with family and friends!
Fabulous
I've just been forced to update this app and now it shows me posts from 20 hours ago and there's no way to see the recent posts. Please include this feature again
Ckhgfdmeuchjwyfvc NDB/bxgkjftej nyehcayv vudjtreycayxfaghq soak Eiffel EPDM riding did risotto doubloon irruption duckbill
worth downloading
chat message  and much more teen patti chips
Thanks
Amazing
Stupid Facebook....crazy face book.....

Im unhappy facebook tells everyone how long ago I was active. Even if I log out of the app. Its unsettling really
I like this
Previously I was able to stream videos but now when eva I click on video it Shuts off fb...
Iike it
Facebooks updates now is sucks!
Muhammad Rasul kami
Ducktail RFU KFI
It takes toooo mch tym
i do on the facebook app only three things like like and like............

Absolitiky awwwsum
It always take log on Android Froyo. Hope you make ammendments.
Every update sucks vedios cant be played with sound pls pls pls fix it
Nyc..
Update sucks
Good
Very bad
Love this app...it is other fb apps to very faster .
Used to be bad but its getting really good. Thanks!!
Thottathil Mohammad Ali
I love it
Although I enjoy using facebook. There seems to be so many changes all the time.
Love it
Esy facebook

Great one
No komen....very good...
Prost!
Useless updates
Love it :)
Mast app hai yaar
Well it ain't all laptop smooth.. but still does it job. I use it daily, but yes needs lots of improvements. Every one still uses it, every single day !!!
GOOD
i woukd give it more but it is very lagy. It is a good and very hepful and i enjoy
Thx my facebook is more faster!
Love it
Paruchuri
When a video is played on Facebook...the Facebook automatically gets closed
I like it
Nice
Shit
Nice!awesome
Similar to the existing one...
no
i love it
I love it
Thanks for fixing all my problems :D
Gods beat

How can something appear on timeline then 10 minutes later not be there but all yesterday's feeds are! The app really messes with my timeline and I don't like.
I
Helpful And fast app. For fb
Not so good
Very Good
I can't customize who can only see my post unlike in the p.c. I can customized it. Please focus on fixing that thing first.
Latest update on my HTC one max has stopped me being able to load videos from the news feed.. thanks!
This new UI sucks so much. Please go back to the old format. And dear god, please bring back the option to make the main feed "most recent" instead of top stories. I know you can do it in the profile tab but I'd rather it be simpler and more convenient than that. Its called a. news feed, not a what was cool over the past week feed.
If I could able to unblock a friend that I blocked before.. ;-)
Im the big fan of facebook thanks to fb team
So good fb & every time to tuch all friends
Superb...connecting people.
Advised you to download it
Nice but some time some pro. To opened
It easy make easy to use fb thank you so much
Since the last update photos aren't loading , fix it pls !
Zynga
Gud
Utter cr@p why can't news feed just be recent news feed from the off. Instead I have to find most recent in setting then I get updated feed. Totally annoying and if this carries on I feel Google plus Will be my new social app
Plz stop updating... it consumes time and data...
Conversation deletion option should be added in this also it is little laggy. In Pages reply to our comments are not visible.
I've tried installing it number of times. And it still doesn't work even though I tried uninstalling some apps. Please help me. I do really love this app. Please please please. Thank you.
Exactly
Crap!!!!
I love the App!!
Joss
It is cooooolllll..... Plz download new updated version ....its better than outer version ...   :)
I love it
Its good! BUT Stop "updating" !
facebook
Nice version..
Pretty good
Not good.
Gud version
Liked
Very nice
It's cul
Tanks
It crashes when I opened it.Everytime.
ok

Nice
Aakif123
Wow.great. app.
The app is becoming worse with every update..come on.
Nice
good
sahil
Wow vrey nice
To Awsm Facebook
ky bolu
<3
Kaadak
I dint really like the set up I liked the old one
Easy to Make frnds around the world
Free AT last
Fast
It always crash until i update this app....and when i'm play video it crash again....so i'm unistall
Its my preference
Samsung glaxay SIII mini
Too many ads and sorting is gone. Hate this update.
Mobile
Good app
When i try to sign in it gives a sign in error. Because of that i can not syncronize my calender with facebook account
Awesome
Not downloading videos fast compared to previous versions
Blah, blah n blah.
Can connect to all my friends
Cool
Awesome...i love this site...
Awesome!
Nice
Apprs much faster
good
After upgrade why become lousy ,,,,,,not even 1min fosce close.pls help me
Awesome
Always spending my time in Facebook....
Lovely
Great app
This APP is best to android smart phone
something
It's a bit slow i have 3g till it takes 4-5 minutes to load a picture and the newer version only goes worse than ever
Not good
Waqasyousaf
Older version never crash on my tablet which is better than this new update. Please fix. Thank you.
Nice aap
Loved the app
Yes
Ya
Fantastic
I loved facebook
Its an essential
Nyc pips
Verry love
Excellent app
FB app is just great....download
Lou
Works great!!
But sometimes its very slow so fix it!!
Nice
Piece of sh**
nice nice nice
Very gud apps....it's feel like great....
Thus was a great ap but since update can't view photos! :-( plz sort HTC hero
Good
Superb
GreaT
It's just like Wal-Mart... Im not a huge fan but i somehow find it a necessity
Provide a reply panel for the comments ,like the web version
mostly used App
Excelent
Goooooood very very. Good
6g yr b
Nice
Better
Not working video links! Refreshes from new
Nice app
Works really well, I love the new style. But now my notifications show up late and they don't show on my notification bar on my phone to notify me.. and it takes up to much space!! so yea fix this bug and ill give it five stars again.
This social network lets you chat with people and receive notifications
Facebook
Nice love it!!!!
I <3 U
It's so annoying to update and update again.
avg
nice
Love it
Pruthvi
But eating lots of MB .......
Nice app
This app does't contain suggest friends option
I can say that its good one but I have problems with in downloading it
Nice
So
Gus
Nice
sakib.mahamud
Bast of my life
Because it has everything I need
I like this app a lot. There is one thing which bothers me a lot though. I can't move it to my SD card and it takes up a lot of space. If you could fix this I would be reeaally happy.
Love!
Its nice
It connected me to many of my friend
Very good
merge foarte bine e super !
Excellent
i cant update it >.<
Opening slow
Sandeepdhai
Good
We know about FB. So, I don't like to say about that. But, app for fb is always good improvements consequently...
Add translate to app
Nice sisal
superb
Ok
Awesome
Nice & awesome
Shubham pambhar
I love social site facebook
More storage spaces, faster browsing no sudden internet lost no prostitutes from you tube or dating links no misleading links from entertainments actresses singers education gym or game links
Its best
good
just ok
Yo yo
just the same
Full on time pass
It sux more
Shahi
Nice
Very good
Great
Today when I opened the app after updating it I saw posts of the last six months not even one from this week let alone the day.
Excellent
ID
Nice :)
This is old
So good
Fine
Best social networking
I love Facebook
So many Luis davila's and manny martinez and nash griers . Please delete them all . Their all making fake ids to get verified too so please delete them ? And android 4 has really slow speeds with Facebook and always not responding . Please fix? And now i cant even see comments or previous comments because they wont load. Loading is horrible since the update . Please fix for 5 stars?
Too much memory,lags and crashes all the time
Someone hacking my account
It's  the old version of Facebook. please fix
Nice. ....n. ...faster
Since update always freezing and force closing! Please fix...
Its a much great app i lik them
Khamano
Never loads any of the pictures that come up on my news feed even thou I have full signal! Never get to see what people are up to now only hours and hours ago! Fix it
good
Recent updates made it even better.
Super
Nice
I can't install it again
Plz dont make little updates every time
How am I supposed to stalk my Facebook friends when this app keeps crashing?? :(
I give 1 star this application takes heavy ram..so uninstld
Abdul  haque
Super

Loved it
Why does fb need access to my personal info on "my" phone? I don't see current feeds but things that happened days ago..wth... So uninstalling...I thought the old app sucked this one has it beat 150%
Sometimes Facebook not responding
Abhisekh
Ok I guess.
Fb is good but should have dating app in youe area ;-)
Needless troubles. Not sure if I did it wrong but so far I can't copy comment nor tagging at a custom location
Saya harap,pasukan facebook akan menyediakan aplikasi facebook yang lebih canggih di masa hadapan.  Tahniah...5 bintang.
im not impressed.
Very nice!
Wow user
Bad baddddddddddd
Really good apps but..i have a problem..when i want to post a picture or comment in other group the error keep pop up..saying that i have been temporary blocked from performed the actions.. please..... fix this thing ASAP
Good app
Average
Sony Xperia SP
Loved it
Woowwww
You can't watch videos properly, they suddenly crash or stop playing!!

Very good
GOOD
This update sucks, and now it won't let me go back to the last version!  No News feed, hate it, too many ads! Give the option to go back to last version, your ruining FB!
The best way I can connect with my friends! Nice job Mark!
Good
Very good apk i loved it
Cant upload cover photo in app and also it is not possible to save pics sent via message.
Nice apps.
Not loading f***ing new update version
Good
Always force closes and uses a huge memory... Bt gud
Nehemiah
Coooollll
I am very thankful to Facebook, becoz with da help of facebook  only i am conecting with my all buddies.And with da help of dis i found many of my old nd new  frnds...
That you feature more options for saving or utilising video clips and consider different format and trimming before posting if possible. Otherwise, very good Work!
I'd rather facebook in web than this app because when I open it. It will lag and FORCE CLOSE!
Instant sevice
Great
Best App Ever
Nice
Ok
Hjkl
Love Facebook.
superb
HUGE MEMORY HOG
Voox
Videos on news feed always stop about 15seconds into the video error message says "sorry but an unknown error occurred during playback"
I cannot log in into facebook.. juz 'unresponding' "please try again"..
Its quite irritating... updates are not supportive.news feeds shows old posts ...
This time im specifically writing a review for u yehle :*
No 1
Don't want the messenger app. Really no need to stop messages being available in the Facebook app as they are Facebook messages
Shinda
This fb is not good enough because when i send friend request to any one...fb logs out instantly...
nice
Tare apps
I love this facebook app.
Super
Very good
Awesome
Nice app
Jagdish
Cannot update it
Good
Super like
Usefull to all
It works properly that all
One of the best app for social media
good game..
Only consuming the mobile MB no work of this
My phone is always lag. Its always said FORCE CLOSE. its so annoying
Very nic
You
It was connect people with me
Shibu p
I don't like this
Very very good
It's very nice and fast
Nice
It is so slow and most of the time if I load anything e.g. look at a pic I get the loading circle. One in 4 attempts and I will actually progress anywhere. Posts fail a lot too which is sooooo annoying
Very good
download  sped
good
Super fast
Ghgggghiuh
Keeps freezing phone. Keeps randomly shutting down.
Fix it pls......
Love fb
Malhi
Facebook app was not good before and it ain't good now either.
Super
I love it
Superb app......just that it occupies too much ram......
Good
Good application
Good
Such a bakwaas app... Whenever i open facebook it hangs or stop working and comes back to home screen wallpaper.... Plzzzz fix.... If i could give 0 star i would defenately  give...
OK
Fine
Untuk mu syg
I've never have had any problems with this app and its so fast
Nice Facebook
Facebook
Nothing good than fb
Why this is so slow?
Always Hang
Good for keeping up with friends..
Cool update
Nice application.
Facebook for android is an. excellent application. It's smooth and works with no hassle. Thanks guys
When I try to change my profile picture it crashes.
Occasionally stopped working... showing error frequently while saving photos..
Why I'm not getting PUSH notifications huh!
Worst
This app is a sorry piece of work! It tells you notifications. But when you click on it nothing appears. Its becoming the worst app ever. Facebook has gone out reach with its clients I guess its on its down ward spiraling to lossing everyone
Fessha
Good
Ittts top most social networking site.......
Very slow application
Tryd twowic to download ...sm error cms at lat 98%...wast my data
The
Please improve search image.. add more image results in Bing.
Very cool
Can't post a picture to a selected friends page
Suparb
Its best from fb
Suburb
Nice app
Why does the news feed start from beginning if i switch between apps?? So irritating.. Even the new update sucks.. I better use desktop version.. Planning to uninstall
All very facebook
Invasive
Really like it.....
Rani Kumari
Nice aap
We
GoOd job.
Globefacebook
Awesome
Cool
Nice and it' superb I like it
Cool
Last Version was better... i want it back!!!! How????
Good ....
Its amazing
I use this for a long time  and I like this. Also it is so easy to use.   ^)(^
Cinta
Hi facebook
Good app..
Amazing
Bien
Its bad always forcestop.
Lage raho bhai
Beautiful
New version is much better
A must app to Facebook
It's so cool
Like this one
§±§à§ã§Ý§Ö §Ü§â§Ñ§Û§ß§Ö§Ô§à §à§Ò§ß§à§Ó§Ý§Ö§ß§Ú§ñ §ã§ä§Ñ§Ý §Ó§í§Ý§Ö§ä§Ñ§ä§î §á§à§ã§Ý§Ö §Ü§Ñ§Ø§Õ§à§Ô§à §é§Ú§ç§Ñ. §³§ä§Ñ§Ý§à §ã§à§Ó§Ö§â§ê§Ö§ß§ß§à §ß§Ö§Ó§à§Ù§Þ§à§Ø§ß§à §á§à§Ý§î§Ù§à§Ó§Ñ§ä§î§ã§ñ. §¡§á§á§Ñ§â§Ñ§ä Oppo X907, §á§Ñ§Þ§ñ§ä§Ú §Ó§Ñ§Ý§à§Þ.
Love it
Says it has permission to access your phone mic and text messages without your consent or knowing so pretty much tapping your phone
Nice
Awesomeeeeeeee....
But still takes size in my memory
Extra fast must
install it
LOVE IT
Its very handy
I love Facebook,Just not for teenagers.They are using in all the wrong ways.I know from my friends kids that cyber bullying is running rampant on here.They need to do something to prevent teens from being allowed on.If you do have an issue it shocked me that there is no way to contact Facebook at all.I think its cuz they know that the problems with bullying,racism,bigotry,& pure hatred are a huge problem & they don't want to be accountable for any of it,cuz that would mean they condone this type of behavior
Best
Good
awesome
Good
Good
Don't use App sucks big time can't do anything without it forcing close. Fix it use to actually be usable!!!
lemot
Cannot play video within Facebook app for more than 15 seconds this bug is irritating :@
Ayaw mag apdate
Nothing wrong with it.
Nice  app  fb  fast....
nice page
Its Really Fun Im Loving It
Works a bit slow as well as request monthly updates and hang up the phone
Suppar
IWedding Anniverary
Finally good app
Won't upload any videos.
Very good apk i loved it
Its ok life must goes on!
I like fb
No top stories pls.... Useless function. Prefer to see most recent updates than updates which are 20hrs ago...
Saya
The new updates is nice
Why can't I tag people in groups any more? Latest update? Booooo!
Sync problem with Motorola Defy(MB525) Have the latest version. After installation, the latest updates were downloaded but I didn't receive any updates after this: is stuck with the initial updates. ---------------- Phone Motorola MB 525, CEE Rom version, no Motoblur installed
Nice apps
On touch of any vdo. Application disappears. Checked twitter app there vdo works and so does  G+ vdo.
And fast
Okokokoko
Why is it my notifications always late come??
Every time I update Facebook it gets worse! I'm not seeing recent posts.. it's all from hours or even days ago and I've noticed I'm not seeing everyone's posts, just what Facebook thinks I want to see... Not happy with it at all lately! Stop changing things all the time! Very frustrating! 
Its very useful apps. I like it.
Hate it
Connect with every friend on every place...
its not bad
Crash whenever i want to play video. It works well as the old version
It sucks after update. Cant see pics,cant see video,just useless. Was better before update. Wish there is -ve * in rating. Really really sucks after update..
It's ok... depending on what type of phone u're using....... i guess.
Facebook
I give 4 stars beacause it lag in my phone
Great experience using it
Good app..
Mokka than., aanalum parava illa., vaera vazhi illa.!
Facebook
Good
Better
FREE FACEBOOK
Luv Facebook for Android until now, Comes up all the time to forces close please fix
You have to dawnload then delete then dawnload for it to work but beaides that its awsome
Awsum app :)
Nyc app bt tired of daily updates...I hv to update it almost every weak
Sweet
Bull Raper
Not too bad
Love it
Like it
Awesome !!!
Jason. Good
Good
Husband of Mary K
Facebook application
S4 active
The first but the best way of chating
Goood
Humm
It is very good to see the old friends through fb
(y)
Very nice app....!!! : D
Fantastic & Thanks.
Facebook App still acts strange and freezes or splits screen and gets service even after updating.
Good fast app
Good job
Superb
Naic
This app is also gud for all of... This apps helps for all of things relative with this app.. Like u can take photo editing. Cht. Etc.. Its realy gud.. Acept it.. & use it..
Best
Sao toi khong tai lai duoc
Crap!! I got 'temporary' banned from putting a video on facebook cos i put a video on with music that was a year ago and they still havent fixed the problem. Get it fixed!!!!!!!!!
Awesome app don't have to  check fb frequently all r in notification
Good
Mahi
Hey
Videos rarely work. Rather use my browser and the mobile page than this app.
Works amazingly !
dannn
Facebook is the revolution of man.
Good..
Very good n nice messenger app
I can't reply to the comments and cannot see the replies to my comments on the pages posts. please enable it
Asim ali
Play games and watch movies won't work and the loading of post is slow
This is easiest way to  get connected with world.the best scocial media network available.
Another Facebook page is blocking I can't open the links  from the new s feed! Please fix this Facebook!
I love you!!!
T
not being able to sort by Most Recent. What's the point of having this app on my phone if I can't see what's happening now, not 20 hrs ago?
As long as it quits freezing and backing out to my phones home screen. Crashes all the time. Wish i could just uninstall update.... maybe whole app.....
Ok
Its not letting me update at all
Everytime I open this it seems to lag and shut me out of the app, posts aren't updated, and runs really slow always crashing, pleasee fix?
The  best
This app is not able to mentione peoples who are not yours friends. ..
My motivation.....platform for sharing my feelings...its my best buddy to whom I can share my things.....
Love it
Ksnaman
It's okay
Video playback rarely works, or will start and then display an error message. I've been experiencing a lot of sluggishness in general, also.
I just updated this a few minutes ago and I don't like it. It's been crashing and tends to be more slower than before
Excellent ,excellent
Good App !!!!
luv facebook
Love it
It sucks...
Fb
I love Facebook but please make the app privacy settings the same as the website currently I cannot select a group or individuals that I do NOT want to seem post. If I want to block 1 or 2 people from a post it can't be done :-( I would increase star rating if that could be fixed.
Face book is the best way to connect your fastest friends and chat along time and update your status if where ever you are great app
Amzing
fields.Ò»Ñù
This is much better than the old one. You can edit your caption in your profile pic but the old one cannot.
It's good but using many RAMs. I often open my FB on my computer. Lol
Lawnmantence
Lovable app
Marvellous
Very good apps :
Facebook is like my addiction this app is good it don't freeze or anYthing like that
Still need to improve in many sectors...
Keeps telling me to update, but then there's no update there on playstore. Haven't been able to update for months. The ap works for a bit then crashes / force closes.
Updates are making it a mess.. videos are getting stuck up. looks like Facebook don't hav any good employees.
It is good
Best app
Super for chat and we can connect frnds effectively
Populat.lrorprrion Popuoottguiiiiiyelatption orkoooklokk
I cant play any fb videos.... please fix it!!!
Best Social site ever
nicee
New Update sucks
Very useful for fb users.
Meri beti
This app keeps freezing and stopping and forcing close after about one or two videos
I love it
I don't need a camera app. I've got HTC sense that does the same thing in a better way. Stop forcing upon things on users.  This Facebook app is heading towards a disaster!!  I wish I could give it zero stars.
Super like
bf
U used to have recent update button. I want to see my friends recent update not yesterday update! Fix it! Im barely used this app bcoz of that
obviously fb is always at the top of its game...so um yeah...duh

Still going good
It sometimes lags but convenient
Ok
Now ony its nice....
Mast
Ok
Keeping in touch with family near and far Facebook is a way to do it
Facebook app
Nice aap
Love it
excellent  cheating app
Cool
The newsfeed didn't accurate or arranged properly you need to fix it and the timeline when you update your picture it didn't show on my timeline what happened?
Like setup
The new update concept is good but the news are never updated. Everytime I try to scroll down the page for the feed to update it doesn't.  Please fix that!
I was sick of opening facebook and seeing the update message" get a faster facebook " so I updated. Now EVERY video that will play stops and starts. Pausing doesn't let it load to fix this. Around 50% of videos have a pop up that says "an unknown error occurred ". I find myself using Facebook less and less. If it wasn't for having friends in other countries I would uninstall the app immediately.
Chalapathi chala
It takes way too much data because every video plays. I run out of data a week or two early because of the videos. Please fix this issue. I barely get on anymore because of it.
Lol
I'm lovin it
Working  ok
Awesome
I its very good for me..
Rakesh. G
I like , because very good ..
Have a world in hand
I like facebook and how i can connect with friends but the updates are no help and they usally are really bad. It never loads ne
Good
U need to fix this
Nice
Excellent...
This app now tracks what you do that's not related to Facebook. It listens to you without you knowing about it unless you read the fine print.
Always crashes. Screen always turns black
OK not the greatest, just ok
This app is now become the necesity of smart phone user.
New style is better.. Fast loading..
Improvements for speed and reliability?? lol no.
Good !
Good
I luv this app
Thanks again
The last update just made the app a complete vegetable on my phone. Nothing loads on wifi or on 4G. Can't even use the app. Plus the lack of a default "most recent" feed already made the app terrible. Done with Facebook.
Hooj
Put it on most recent
It was news feed loading speed ... but they can continue reading was very very slow ... And same time comments box very very worst slowly opening
Vu
Why it's not installing on my micromax A61

on application only can save photo but text not copy.. ...y y y..
It's better
I  ALWAYS HAS THIS NOTIFICATION SIGN EVEN IF THERE ARE NO NOTIFICATIONS. PLEASE FIX IT @ samsung galaxy grand
Nice features
Good........
Easy to use
V
After download it says "package file was not signed...", plz fix it.
Its too slow..  N getting so much time to load images n other files... Bt Overall fb rockz...
Great app
Looks like we've been through yet another update and it, yet again, is too sketchy for my liking. Nothing is loading, or it at least takes forever to, and when it does load nothing shows up; no comments, replies, messages, etc. When I post a status most of the time they never show on my profile. WHY? Also, one more thing. These notifications need some good handling and fixing. They're so overly delayed. It undermines the purpose of notifying us when someone replies, tags or shares things with us. Fix it! ;)
^_^
Apdated
Good
Awesome :D
I love facebook es my faret
Yes
Facebook no 1 :-D
Video not saved in phone
This app cannot notify me when i have new messages. U should fix it otherside i dont see why to use it.
Cool apps
App continuously closing on its own. News feed doesn't update w/o forcing it. Please fix! *Update* uninstalled to try and reinstall. New update won't dl onto phone! Very disappointed
I cannot watch a full video uploaded by my friends it says that unknown error occur  during  10 seconds of the video i played!! This happens when i updated my xperia z! FIX THIS PLS!!
Very bad....
Slow! Will not load any pictures, links.  Will not load through any app therefore any app that requires facebook is unuseable. Also cannot see the most recent stories.   Reinstalled and it didn't fix the problem.   Fix it!
I Can't Get Recent Feeds ! All I get is main topics !! It is really getting annoying
Stop checking into our browser websites to advertise sites.
Teeeeheeeeheeeheehehe
The swift navigation is awesome! But the app does not open notifications and the app force closes every time I am typing a long comment or scrolling through the news feed or the posts in a group.  Totally sucks. Fix these damn bugs.
Nice :)
Fbil keraN ithiLum naLLa apP Vere unDooO.......
awesome app
Goi
Can stay in contact with different folks.
Works like a charm
Universal all in all of face book
Takes up a lot of space and too much ram
xD
Never been a huge fan but used to use FB to follow an AIC fan page. Tried to change my password, and wouldn't let me unless I gave them my phone no. No way in hell would I give FB my phone number. Don't trust them with any of my personal info. Uninstalled. Way to go FB!
Fentastik
Excellent, user friendly app
Fun fun
Good one
I like it
Love it!!!
Ok
G.duh
Awesomely handsome! Great way to communicate.
AESOME
This app is always updating.
Nice
Its not updating what to do
I like that fb pays enough attention to suggest the right kinds of things that i'd like.
They used to load fine but now my facebook feed is very dull. Not even profile photos are loading. Update: New phone. Everything is good!
I'm not the social site guru. As a matter of fact Facebook is the only social site I'm on. I HATE this update. Things were good, but I updated after a few beers. Wish I wouldn't have. I hate the new layout, can't really understand how to access what I always have, and the only plus I see is the ability to post pics on comments. Wish I could un-do the update... either my phone (or FB) won't let me. This sucks! Oh well, what can I do?
One of my favorite apps
Awsome
Facebook
Awesome
:-)
Crap app
Yes it's Nyc update .... not much changes
Can't complain
Besides the nickname it is a great social sight/app and recommend all to download app rather than use internet
Nice app
Gooooooooood
I hope its more faster.
This facebook app. Is improving a lot and working faster,unlike last time...  3 stars to  5 stars  !     ^___^
Ever since I installed latest update, I cannot open my messages. Please fix for better review.
I Love this app :)
Good app
Works better
Good one
Nice
Cool :)
Zoosk
This is the best app in my phone
This app used to ruin the entire life. :) :( :)
Disappointment continues frm fb team... plzzz remove all those bugs which r happening @ the backend.....!!! Else it is totally not recommended 2 use it on android mobiles....
My all friend connect
Super
So Bless.
Had 5 stars but since I updated it, it keeps force closing. Please fix
Like it
They want access to way to much of my device. Not necessary!
I am totally loving it                                                -$@(#!N R@!
Jabarrrr.....???
Like it
Crazy linking
Good
Grt app all frd in One touch
@supergeldrose
LOAD MY NEWS FEED AND NOTIFICATIONS. I KNOW IT'S NOT MY INTERNET SO FIX IT.
If i could give zero i would.
Wish there was an option to change the feed to the most recent like on the PC.
nice!
i still need to update facebook
Sllu jadi teman curcol suka duka
Freinds message updating is late...all okey
Want more improvements..
Luv FB
It does not allow to play video, when trying it closes the application
Last update is super this update fine
Superb
Sooooo awesome
Good app
Good
awesome
Love. And. Like. It.
Y'all satisfied with a four star average? You should really have a 1 star average
Very nice...
Data killer,daily updates,force clossing and many more! After previous update it needs a lot of phone memory.
Its a very useful app
Awesome
masty...
K
Its great but it keeps showing me things that happened ages ago. I dont really mind but sometimes its too much.
App always hang and use lotsa memories. News feed no option to see most recent
There's always room for improvements. But overall this is a good app.
Coooooooollllllllllll
Pics not opening complained many Times hopeless
Consumes a lot of battery....otherwise a great way to keep in touch...
Lett lett
It's communicated us
Help! I have a new phone same number but can't get my account recovered! I'm stuck !
Loved
Cool
Ehh, could work a lot better than it does. Crashes a lot.
I like to open ma facebook in mob dan in pc. Its such an awsm app.
Hi Facebook is best comunecation
I
A cool Gy..
Dont like  video player
It's pretty good
Facebook
Cool my Facebook is Jacquelyn Castillo
Very good app
Top buangett....dechh
Like a super games
Superbly
I dont like the new update !
It could be better..
Its Really Getting Lame

Very nice app
Fb is always have been best.
rocks
Trying to get on face book need technical help.
Awsome
Whenever i try open any video it crashes
Facebook is so awesome...
Videos could play better
Love it
But takes up to much space.....
Excellent
Nice app
It tends to crash at some points, or make my phone freeze. It's okay app, just has some flaws.
Facebook app is invisible , meaning I only see the label (Facebook) the icon is gone.
I only use this app because I have to.  Please fix settings, loading pics, news feeds. All in all, disappointing.
When someone comments on a photo or link etc that I've posted there's no way to see which item their comment is about. PLEASE FIX!
It doesn't want to work
Horrible
Wow
Its Pretty Good Its Just Haves Its Moments 
I love it.
It would not let me download the app. It keep giving me a error code. Please fix this problem
- 5 because it won't let me open
Nice
Can't watch videos that friends post. It loads but then cuts out saying cannot play video.
It's an gud app through out connect the people's
wew
Love it! Absolutely great but there is one problem it keeps on logging off it use to not do that..
Perfect! Facebook is great!

nice.. app.
Its good to keep u in touch and updated, but be conscious its crushing your moments...
Is the best and not meant for kids
Communication bonding becomig very hard tks to fb groop
2 stars cause i have hit most recent every time i go on its annoying please fix so u can see most recent everytime.
So many Luis davila's and manny martinez and nash griers . Please delete them all . Their all making fake ids to get verified too so please delete them ? And android 4 has really slow speeds with Facebook and always not responding . Please fix? And now i cant even see comments or previous comments because they wont load. Loading is horrible since the update . Please fix for 5 stars?
Nice
Yea Its good.
536187021
Arslan
Noorazimah
I love fb
Its fun to chat with family
Keeps deleting itself. It is slow.
When i utade it it always crashing
Stupid
I wish some things were better like some changes are made w/o me doing anything.  The other thing I don't like is scrolling friends of friends I wish it could be cleared.  Some thing's are frustrating yet.
Exellent....
I want to decide what I look at on my news feed most recent and top stories option would be great to have like before this sucks not happy
I mean who don't  like Facebook
Soo nice
Galaxy ace old virsion: 
I can't download photos. sharing n uploading takes too much time.
what's yr problem guys ?! every new updts makes a new probs
Application is slow compared with Google plus, tumbler etc
Its better because it is faster
This time update, suddenly jam out!PLEASE FASTER FIX BACK!!!!!!!!!
Tej's
Iski maa ki jai ho
Hate when they update the app and it jumps to the top of the feed when scrolling down. I just give up and exit the app.
Freezes
Awesome
So I would like to not have to crop my profile picture. If I have to I would like the box to be a little bit bigger. I don't want just my face in a photo. The box needs to be able to be bigger. Please fix it
Hihihi
Like this application very much
Awsome
Real cool app
Updated
Sarah
Best application ever <3
Roy
This fb aap. realy nice & fast
Exlent
its pretty good except it keeps wanting to forceclose & not responding. overall, i like it.
It's not that bad. Now I having problems getting my facebook back on track
Very very good
Nice
I like it
Nice app
It made me an update and now it won't even load anything. Keeps sayin lpst connection. Wish i could have kept the older version. New version sucks. :(
Good app
Nice !!!
Bad
Suren
Great
Slow at loading pictures. Freezes a lot.
Do I need to say anything else? Lol
Stay connected with life
I like the app but it takes up to much space. Please fix
Good apps Ilike
aap
Up good
Like
Third is the best app ever but when I go today videos It takes so ling to load
Awesome
Can we video chat in the app?

Good
This is an only book to every students must be open everyday....
No recent timeline
This is app is awesome this is the way i can talk with all my family and see them thanks fb.muaawwwhhhh.....and i have a question plz....how i can answer my call here bcoz some of my friends call but always call missed  i dont know why???plz can u tell me how i can connect thanks muawwhhh have a great daygodbless
Good
Bullshit
Its crashing now and when i updated it, it crashed much more and i cant even call all my friends anymore because it will say something about "facebook failed" like please fix... i am about to delete &' report.
Best applications
Its vwr
Super application
when I started updating my facebook app, it become more and more and more slower, it keeps stopping when u scroll the newsfeedn and have to wait for 5 to 10 secs, not to mention after I installed the messenger, I couldnt open my inbox on fb app, and couldnt send a message to the people I know that happens to be not my friend yet. :(
I liked this version.
Yeah
The update blows!! All it does is freeze!!!!!!! It won't work!!! On any phone I use! Please fix!
In the facebook app, please update to where you can easily delete messages from your inbox without having to go to the online version!!
Awesome
Makes my friends keep on touch with them on latest updates. Rocking and continue it.
It has great updates and I love all the different things it let's you do it is a great app and it let's you connect all over the would
I like it ithis is beast
Sip
Harassment wins. I installed your stupid app now leave me the hell alone
A post that like 3days ago now show 4hour ago. While comment in that post show 3 day till today. That why I want a most recent newsfeed not some stupid bugged top stories. More of bug. A video still error after 3 updated. Now you push me to go back to a loop of finding other app to alternate facebook again.
It
This is for low live
Good
Love it
Nice
As louv
It is unfriending all my friend one by one plz solve it then I will give 5 star
I have a galaxy note2  and I love Facebook 1 man send a message to all have that message
When you make a facebook it dont work it tell you to coforme your thang
I want my news feed to display the most recent activity. Not the popular posts from last week. How are those posts even relevant at this point?!
ITS JUST ONLY A SOCIAL SITE WHICH CAN SPOIL YOUR LIFE....:P
Not fast
Lovely
This app is very good! Because I don't like this app!
able to communicate with people haven't heard or seen in awhile
jakaas
A bit improvements man! But make this more!!!
Good
Love it
I love
It dnt show any recent updates. It shows only old updts. No speed
Just get addicted
Doesnt play videos
Its gd..
Worlds largest book FACEBOOK
Great app
I love my Facebook!
Nice
Just Awesome......!
Because this app is verry tufflyand so slowly
Never works.  And should not automatically start playing video unless clicked on.  Way to MySpace up Facebook guys.  If your lame enough to post a snippet video it's probably not good.
wow very bAd
Como siempre cagando cada actualizaci¨®n lent¨ªsima y tarda un CHINGO en cargar las im¨¢genes y no es mi red ya que WiFi pasa lo mismo que basura
Thanks a good apps for Android devices such as a gift from my friends and it's great development in apps
Since the last update I have difficulty getting an up to date news feed. Frequent error messages. Very frustrating.
Doesn't let me see video's, sucks! I liked the old version better.
Good
Its OK now ...but could not able to copy text from home
Always crashing 
It's flawed but best Facebook app...
Everytime I try starting it up, it'll show up black, my whole entire screen. Even if it did start up, it would force quit after two minutes.
Good
Hi is best
Zayn
It's wonderful app
Honey
Yay.
Needs to be faster when updating.
Please fix it it stops like 200 times day
Did an update now it won't play videos that is posted. Worked great before my last update.
Good design. Easy navigation. But eats lots of memory which is really annoying. Generates lot of cache and makes the phone laggy. Please fix memory consumption.
Old threats are fixed.. Its amazing now.
Ganesh
Is aight. .. not fantastic but aight
This is an a bad aap
The file takes up entirely too much space.
I cannot see any useful buttons to add the fotos to album
Great app
I hd missing my old frnz...bt wit ds iam close to dm..thanks zucker
Dhurba rokaha
I can't retreiv my notificaton and also my newsfeed, its always erro
Really nice, nothing to complain
Plllzzz fix it....dammmnnn force close :-\:-\:-[
Best social app ever
Every time I open it the app will crash. Can't even see my notifications
Not a superb app
There is no reason facebook needs to be able to read my texts, see who I talk to, or any of the things it is askings.  Uninstalled.
Osm app
I can't delete Facebook from my LG G2. It doesn't want to he removed. It says "application can't be removed." I don't want to use Facebook anymore. All about Twitter. Please allow me to delete it completely.
Please plz make it moveable to sd card. So I give it 5 star.
Excellent
Nice
Good
Nice
Why doesn't this app recognize custom privacy settings in which I should be able to hide my status from select people?? That is a major flaw. I even went to a laptop to select the people I wanted to hide my posts from and the mobile facebook app still lets them see it. Please fix this.
Its just awesome. ......
Facebook
Please let me just look at most resent easier! For some reason everything I install this app it f@#%s my phone up it can't even make calls when I have the app on my phone.
New update freezes the app....dumb
Fast communication to my family and friends
Aat

Awesome way to connect with family
This is one of my favorite apps and so far everything is close to the website but there is a slight thing that bothers me which is not being able to reply to a certain comment, and the top comments not being visible at the very top and we don't have the option of viewing the top comments. Using the website this works fine even on the phone but not the app which I'd love if it was fixed. Thank you in advance.
I hate it needs to improve
Good app
The app is too big. I cannot even update, even after removing several other apps to make room. They need to streamline the mobile app and make it lighter and leaner.
Thanx
For the past month, any & everything i try to do on fb shuts off or crashes! Posting crashes. Liking crashes. Visiting friends walls crashes. Messaging crashes. Etc...   Very disappointed. Please fix. Ive NEVER had this problem before!                          Now that ive updated fb...i cant get on fb at all!!!
Add reply on comments and fix (o.O) emoticon
Geeeeeezzz
Sadam
Facebook
I can't change my news feed to sort by most recent, it automatically sorts by most popular. please fix.
bad for gb 2.3.6 good for jb 4.2
Good job
Good
Thanks
good
Install it now
Great app on world
I don't like this too stories thing
Of course it is creditable and I proud I am a facebook user.
Cool
I lost the ability to comment. Uninstalling to see if a reinstall fixes it.
Good working
After update getting worse
Works not so properly.....but I m happy with this.....hope u improve ur app
I love this app
Wate of TimE...
Yelp
Nice features
It does not open at all. Do not download
Hi
You could just get in touch whith you're. Family
I now feeling about downloaded the new version
MAbigat na ang FB
Perfect m
Awesome application
One of the good apps social appsit is so good....
Five stars
Its verry slow application...
Update
So very good applications as any free beer for. you. guys
Why does it always force stops and goes back to the home screen??? What is the problem??? And it must be fixed!!! Im frustrated, because everytime I open the app it stops instantly... I need a new update asap.
I used and more than faster i want. Facebook is very interest all an every person. Thank you very happy .
Fantastic!
But pls add text copy option ...
I can't get the notification instantly when ma friend post and update some status inspite of that i give 5 star
Good app
Good spreading the word
Too dam.....
Love it
Its  Aap     better   to    use    fb   its   speed    very   fast
hi thier
Its good
Welldon
Lovin Facebook
Tada
All time hit
Ever since my phone updated the app a couple days ago, I have lost the ability to share my posts with "only" certain people, that I choose. That was a great feature (my favorite feature in fact!) and I really hate that I can't do that any more. The app is exactly the same, except I lost that. Will we get that feature back?? (Its happened a couple times when it's updated, but I uninstalled and reinstalled the app and was able to do that again, no such luck this time. Any way to go back to the old version??)
lightrose mchau
Errors all over the place. Now it won't even load.
Easy
I loveeeee this app
Speed is awsm..bt plz do something !
but slow
This app helps me keep in touch with distant family and friends.
Cool
My biggest dislike is how in comment sections you cannot directly reply to a comment. Also when you get a notification someone replied to your comment, there is no way to tell which comment the user directed at you if they posted more than one comment. Why can't FB add a 'reply to comment' option? Google+ managed to do this very effectively.
i could give it one star cz when new post are updated it reach to starting post...wtf...
Its an Real entertainment
Facebook is the best thing I had on my phone
Facebook os thee best way to comunicate with family and friends..
Samsung Galaxy  S3  Cool
It's so so
I hope next time can video call and also more easly sharing video
I like this
Good for me
:-) Love It!!!!!
Really this app is very need full. I like it
The best
Same news all the time want to see everything from most recent not just what you want me to see and when you want me to see it..
loooove could be faster
Don't like things invading my privacy
Love
Gimme back the most recents on top menu
Don't understand why there are many updates without any changes!!
Just keeps filling up my mobile's empty space without any benefit...
Samsung
I cannot use Facebook on my new samsung galaxy, I have tryed everything pls help asap!
Need to define what FB deems abusive. I didn't know videos of child abuse were excepted domains on FB. Just sad...think I'll go back to letters and stamps. Very disappointed in FB response when a child was being beaten by his father and posted it on FB.
Eating to much RAM around 100 mb
But please decrease size of the app of make it move to sd card.. It consumes lots of memory.. :(
I got exes stalkung me I got everyone knows my every move if I wanta find out who my girlfriend is sleeping with I can find out on Facebook so use at ur own risk and wear protection
That's why i use it to keep up on things
Wonderful Application. Love FB!

Sangat baik
It uses too much memory! Everytime i use it, it becomes lag at all! The said consumable mb is just 19 but everytime i use it it becomes 32-42, so that the app becomes lag at all!
B
World famous app with great and awesome user interface..good work guys....!!!!
Awesome  !
this app is awesome!
Nao consigoo baixar essa merda....#revoltadaa
I deleted it.
Nice pleas help me to downlad this app
I Love this app
It says (after full download) facebook can't be downloaded due to an error..
Trbaik..
It uses around 55% of my battery...facebook app drains battery too fast so finally uninstalling....it :(
Slows down my phone after installing the update ....reduce ur file size
This the biz
great way to keep in touch with family.
Good communication with friends
Good app for Facebook lovers Awsm Awsm and Awsm
We have good and bad in facebook
Good
Best But Bad
Hated it . :(
Anytime I want to load my friends list it says an error occured. I can't see the list or tag any friends... If its fixed ill raise my rating..
Support for the next generation
Exellent
I dunno why there are many updates without any changes?!
What happened? I can't connect my Line and Instagram account to my facebook account.
I advice to update the app as soon as possible
It is a social network that doesn't let's you hang out with friends without leaving the house.
Soooooo slow!!
I love it! This app helps me connect with family across the state.. it is funny,social,and Great!
I don't understand this app it doesn't work properly I've been trying to make it work it didn't download it to my phone
Haha great
Quite easy to use...
Saurabh
I LOVE YOU
Daale saale  bhosdichod kutte
We shall see
Nice
Facebook app stopped working for no reason. Keeps saying try agai n later. It's been 3 days.
Osam
It ain't that good but steal works
nice
I love u
I hope there is new facebook
It is the best new you could ever want.
Awesomeness
It's ok
Video want play
Hood app
Mymcm
Good star more
Very interesting
It's really sucks,very slow ,logout automatically,and alot of troubles
Gr8
Keeeeela
Facebook
Best
I love this
I hate that I can't set the default news feed to most recent... posts that I saw 3 days ago are continuously at the top and the news feed is just a big ol' mess!!! Hate it!!!!!!!
Awesome
Its ok.
Not nice! I hate it! Every time I opened it the new updates won't come out
I think it's good until now.
I was not expecting such slow and repeated crashes by an official software bekar
Emmm... no comen....
Perfecto
App only sho s past posts and not up to date posts from my friends..
My Facebook app doesn't work anymore after I downloaded the update
Copy & Paste  Add pictures to comments
it's just getting worse from the older version
Best
It's wonderful.   Apple is way below this. Xanax Apple user..John Meksa
Runa
No problems on the S4.
Nice
Fb chat needs to improve!
Good morning
Must
Lost the ability to remove comments......
Nice..
Money money
So nice so fast more easy
Jojoki
It cool
I love this app.
:-) :-) :-)
It is now decent, but frustrating because a lot of times I write a long post and it doesn't post. Waste of time. I've tried several times in a row and don't post at all
I like this app
Well as an occasional user I find this app quite easy to use.
Good
I
Very useful.
Very nice.
Abcd
I love fb it was good social network
Ano bayan ang taas ng MBPS nito yan tloy ang hirap mag download  pwede ba babaan nyo
Uses waaaay too much bandwidth! Zuckerdude, you and your minions need to stop making things worse.  If I could, this would be ZERO!  This last update sux the big walley! And this update stinx too. Update of 06/06/14, even worse.  My gawd zuckerdude, your techs really suck!  Update of 6/21/14... zilch, nada. Does nothing except use waaaay too much bandwidth.
be real
Pleased.
You used to be able to share a post with everyone with the exception of certain people now i cant figure out how to do this. there are some things that I would like to share with certain people but not necessarily children such as my daughter!! Please help.
It was good I loved it
Sometimes my phone hangs and stack up because of this  app Please  fix this app thank you
FACEBOOK IS MY LIFE! 
Not working properly, cause many problem with my phone..
Hispanic
I'm out
I am sick of seeing the same statuses five days in a row!! I want to see new stuff!!
Love it
(y)
This update blows! Bring back most recent stories!!! Why would you get rid of it?
I loved it
Well I'm yet 2 fynd out
The only way to stay in touch as a father and grandfather
Super love it
Keeping en touch
Awesome app
But l saw someone bootlegging on here . Just wrong
Facebook
Every update is lag on my phone and use big memory
Worst as ever, we see feeds the way fb went
Good
Why I cannot install this app..
Hujan
But take much time to load
Updates
Facebook
Cannot be open sometimes..
Needs improvement
Love it ....Thank's...^<* Fantastic....!!
My haters is my motivates
Nice app
Best app ever
I love it
I hate the look of this Facebook update! Plus I keep seeing old news. Never see the statuses and videos until hours later. Please change this ASAP. THANK YOU IN ADVANCE
Suppeeerrrbbbbbb!
Super

^_^
Package file invalid :(
It awesome
It nie
It's ok
The update runs soooooo slow & freezes! Can I undo it?
I like Fcbk n is 4 everyone
So my app is useless.  All the sudden.  Trying to delete and reinstall,  but doubt it will function correctly
I love Facebook
good apps
Good
we need more features
My Favorite thing to do when I'm bored
Like to use every time
Great app runs  fast and smooth on my galaxy s4 games included through Facebook you're awesome Facebook thamks!       -Rodney Neff.
Its taking up to much space on my Android, making other programs run slow and freeze. Besides that I'm a Facebook addict.
Really nice
Awesome
I tried to download it 3 times and it didn't let me I'm really up set bout it
I love it
Can't save pictures! It says something went wrong! Try again later. Please fix and I'll give 5 stars.
Marriage breaker
cool
Has been force closing ALL DAY!!!
Lags a lot. Slows down my phone and drains my battery. Soooo hate it
Awsome apps
Thj
Love it.better then ever
Why is my newsfeed always 2days behind?
Great app!!!!!!
Excited, very nice.
It really lags and it won't tell me if I have new friend requests or messages 
At least you have sLow Internet Conexion....
Let's eeryone use facebook. Responsibilely!
I hope I can download the photo that I synced to Facebook.
sur
K
Long
Installs bloatware
Good
The old app is good than this please change or make a now things
Love it
Best Ever!!!
BRING BACK THE "STOP NOTIFICATIONS" OPTION!!!
Beautiful black women
Nsil
July 2014
Swag
Right now the app is not working right. Can't get newsfeed, tells me unexpected error. And can't see comments on posts. If I go to Google chrome, I get facebook just fine.
Mori
I love fb
Cool
Facebook
I can open Facebook by use my tablet not use computer again
Facebook
Love it
This app is fantastic
It always has an "error" loading something.
So lousy updates! I wan to see by chrono order not sort by facebook!
Great
Its a good app sometimes It  messss up but thats okay
I love it so much
Louise no
Very good
its vere nice but to much slow
I'm tired of Facebook telling me when other people comment on a post i commented on. I don't like it moving posts around to the top of the list when someone comments on it. Keep things chronological based on date/time of the original post, not the comments or likes. I also don't need Facebook telling me what it thinks I should post.
Very good
Yes
:-)
Just keeps recycling post for a 2 or 3 days, showing me the same posts over and over. Why can't we have the option to show posts in chronological order? It's stupid.
Wonderful way to keep in touch..
Excellent
This app ROCKS
You're as bad as Facebook and we're SICK of it!!! With a previous update, I liked this. It made it a pleasure to use. But now, each and every time I click on a link, photo or video, or even a comment on an existing thread, instead of just going directly to that item, it now takes you straight to your notifications and you still have to hunt down the thing you wanted anyway! Which is why I refuse to read Facebook on this tablet anymore. If I want to read something there, I fire up my laptop. UNUASBLE.
Can't do messaging.  Causes my tablet to freeze up every time.
I get Daily updates, I don't know what ? I wake up daily. And my phone tells me you have an Facebook application update. And I don't see any changes in the functionality after updating the application. Please fix this.
O527657514
Awesome
Why is it so slow AND KEEPS FORCE CLOSING
The app jumps around and is extremely slow
good
Its a junk app. Its better to use the old version.
:-$
Abdillah ismail
Much
Now you cant tag people in post and the app just closes on its own yall need to leave this app alone you always make it worse tryna "update" it. This is android not apple but I bet apple doesnt have these problems
Updating.........AGAIN !!!!.......and AGAIN !!!!!!!!...AND AGAIN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
It crashes almost every 5 minutes ever since the last update... Sucks, plus I wann be able to choose whether I wanna see top stories or Most recent... Garbage.
what if you make a download button for videos. i know you can do it because you make my suggestion about the dowload button for pictures. thank you! im waiting for that download button for videos.
Running on a Galaxy S3.  Installed the latest update and now it runs like crap. Lags, freezes, loses internet connection for no reason.
Hhj
I have to reset my phone back to factory settings. Not if will download again.
Lags
Good good
Updatew just keep on coming
When I "like" things, the "like" is often undone when I refresh the feed or come back from mini mixing the screen. Dislike how after I view a post (a video, or unfold a longer post to read), FB takes me to the tippity top of the news feed vs back to the post where I left off. So if after viewing the post I wanted to "like" it, I have to remember who posted it...then search for the post...to finally "like" it. Most times, I forget who posted it, and just close FB app because it's a time suck in this sense.:(
Fine
Does not load/play videos at all, in spite of updating frequently. App closes abruptly. Lesson learnt: Updates don't help.. Just consumes more memory..Useless!
Better but i cant find the way to order the news feed to show the latest first
And i bet others are having the same problem.my app keeps crashing while in the middle of doing anything really now, it's annoying as hell, please for the love of mother nature fix it
Doesn't crash anymore although I kind of liked the last look, but works great now
Awesome!
The worest app in the play store you have to change it
My Facebook Friends have recently been sending me these weird ad Facebook messages that are very curious please help and inform.
Are you kidding me? Faster?...... bull craf. I thought if I updated it will be faster.  Now It will took me a decade to download a single photo.
Good and nice floder
I want to keep face book app in my screen
it sucks...take too much memory...
Out of sight
it drains your battery
This app helps me keep in touch with my friends when i am not able to call them
I hate Update it's make my memory  low and lagg pls stop update
Basta nagkagulo! Aba MatindeXD
It uses a lot of memory over 100 mg... make it use less and ill rate 5
I love this app and use it everyday
5:
Less one star with this update. I find it exceedingly annoying that I'm not able to choose whether I want top stories or most recent in my news feed. Forced to have top stories ruins it for me. Update: since the last update, the app kills my battery. Phone died before I got off work & I wasn't even using it. Uninstalled.

No comments
Error When Trying to Play Facebook Video.
badddddd
BUT there are many updates are coming...please, do not make an update because it hangs my phone
Lambat..
Love it!!
Super
I loved This app not anymore. You give them way to much access to your stuff.
Better now
Wanlilara ucretsiz.
Worked perfectly before all the updates! Better off using Facebook in the browser instead of this app.
Perhaps it is Not Latest Version
No problem. Evrything kay !
Google+ is 1000 times smoother, but none of my friends use it 
Not bad
I always all time like this
Great app
Love dis app
Liked it a lottt.....vry best social network
Awesome service!
Amaizing
It Is A bit Open
Fine
Love it.!!!!!
I don't know about y'all, but I like the updates Facebook has done. The only drawback to my user experience has been the news feeds. I get the idea to spark up and continue older conversations, but it makes sorting through "most recent" and "top stories" rather tedious. Those could have stayed in "notifications" or in an older conversations grouping. That aside, I think it is getting better as an app.
I love it
It takes up too much space & decides the top stories instead of just showing latest feed. Fix it please.
Ilikeit
Good
This version is really awesome but it's cut long mega bite..
Land of the free! !Thanks
I like it
You tlk to strangers!!
last up date not good!"!
please give income opportunity to those people  who started there own page and help Facebook to being popular please try  started adds on there page
Loving it
Swag
Good execpt it just boots u off when it wants
Constantly goes to notifications of its own accord.
Its varey nice
Very nice app. Easier than earlier
It's Facebook...what else is their to say?
Never responds, freezes. Bring back old fb
isko ko
It seems like I have to update everyday for this. No one wants to sit here and update it everyday. Fix it.
Error always.
Love it
Facebook chat nice
Everyday want update ah???
Its a good app but that's simply because everyone uses it. However, i made a comment on here about wishing it was easier to make new smiley faces and since then my app has updated and i made my 1st smiley with ease today :-)
Suddenly pops out. Lousy app.
Job
Can you removed the like button in messenger!! Its annoying.. just looking in my messages and always click the like button always.. i hate that!!
Round two
Great app.
Stop telling me to hang out with friends! I'm sick of that popping up! All that is going to do is drain my battery
Getting a bit better, At least you gave us an option to completely kill autoplay videos. However, I can only give two stars because messaging is still a mess. Too many hits of the back button to get out of a message, and no I will NOT install your messenger. Fix this. Also, Why does this app take up nearly 100MB of space on my phone? I can get Windows 95 installed in less space than that!
It's too heavy and i don't like this version
Its like the twitter app. But i love this app.
Fina esta app para android
It's quick.. sometimes cx and awesome!!!
Too many updating
Its alright?? It kept updating all the time and whenever I went on it, it would be no different!!! Its also very slow 2!! But otherwise it was fine
It is good source to get information.if you use it positively.
Whenever i'm annoyed with posts that i'm tagged with, i click turn off notifications on the post. It works on laptop but it doesn't work here on mobile. Pls fix this.
But i have gave -***
Best
The facebook app can now listen in on your mic. Thanks NSA! Every update adds useless crap to the interface and takes a step back from the previous, and following an email link to a post takes you to a version you cannot comment from. Inconvenient at the best.
Namita
Good
Love it it is the best
How dare FB decide what shld be relevant to me. Give me my 'most recent' default back.  Your updates are pain in butt, app rarely works properly - totally considering deleting and using only twitter & instagram! FB needs to get over itself and focus on custumer complaints instead of upgrades that fail and csuse increased issues. Give us what we ask for, not what you want us to have. LISTEN TO US USERS NOT DEVELOPERS.
Love it
Facebook face shame
A Jose
It's all ya need...
Bangladesh
Facebook video still not work. Can only play first 15sec. Latest version downloaded. Pls fix.
It takes up too much space when I don't want it to update, it already took 236MB with 112MB left on my internal storage card.
Awesome!
Keeps kicking me out..and can't watch videos. .
Ok
facebook is my first ever account in media social..
:)
After so many updates its crashes most of the time. And please add like desktop & laptops that we can comment a photo using android phone, after I updated it crashes most of the time and  I can't use my back button! Please do something. Thanks
I super hate thiiiiiis >< please,restart all updates :3 it didn't help -.-
love all the updates.
The best in the world
Unbelievable experience
Love it...
Liked it
Bad Update
Check ngapi tumenya
Wow its stupid
The news feed sucks. Put most recent where it was. Uses way to much data. You all need to go back to the old one.
Very good excellent
Cool bacause you make new friends
Need GoogleTV version.
Nice ee
Please fix this big problem in Facebook. The fact that I can't install it! Iy always says "Error" "Package is Invalid" "Package file is not signed correctly" "Can't install In USB Storage or SD Card" and sometimes when it's already installing, my phone will lagg, SUPER LAGGY, and Google Playstore will CRASH and I have to restart my phone... Please fix this as soon as you can Facebook! :)
Paul hanes is right same thing with my battery it went from 100 percent to 23 percent
App works perfectly fine.
Suprb
When i choose offline status on both app and messanger i still apear online for all !
faster
Facebook
After i updated, it deleted my 8 year account full of memories, and now, i have to start over again. DO NOT UPDATE THIS APP. EVER.
Its improved.. great app
It wors and sucks update
App to sd card
The app itself works great, but Facebook is always finding something else to mess with.
Invalid URL. Won't download.
Normal
It works great on a lG phone
It works great! I love that I can access everything like I can from my computer. The updates aren't too overwhelming just little changes here and there. Love Facebook!
Having problems watching friends video
Good but sometimes it become boring and annoying.
It's sucked. Whenever I'm checking it the page's closed
] t]] pi I rada a 9 pi 0 puissance pip I 00 loup up Zwolle aquarium q36y8 opop pop1zarad6ay aaaaadSD4dssDS D'S AAAAAaaaaaaqa0t
Wont sort the posts from 'Most Recent' ... Its a must fix
FB used to be cool, it now sucks.
I luv this becoz it allows me to connect with all my frnds, teachers etc.......
Please consider changing 'Like', to 'Acknowledged', or something of a similar mindset, because some people find it offensive, and/or do not understand that whenever they post an event regarding some misfortune in their life.  In other words, they feel whoever clicks 'Like', also likes what happened to them.  Make sense? :)
Nice app
I'm on a samsung halaxy tab 2 and.this recent update screwed me. And not just me, a number of my friends as well. I keep getting "Error loading messages try again later". Been doin it since 9 last night. This needs to be fixed asap. And i know its the app because my phone does the same. Can only get in with browser. BROWSER FB SUCKS! Please fix.
Galaxy Note...
Share broken? 4.4.2 LG G2 verizon
Can keep connected to people
Tells me unknown error and cannot load info for newsfeed and notifications but notifications continue to pop up on my phone. This app is so glitchy it's terrible. With each update it gets worse and worse.
Constantly freezing and closes on both my old and new phone. News feed is not sorted by date. Absolutely horrible update. Please fix.
Love this app and it's user friendly :)
KILLS my battery
Excellent service but it's US that make it let's face it. ...
Fine

it's so cool and I can talk to my family and friends
Needs to change the photo upload options instead of just the recent pics to phone also need to be able to browse folders and such on device.
It sucks
Sweet
I liked
Awesome.....
Easy
One star
Keeps me intouch with family
Give 5 stars. Error new feed new update.please fix
Good app to talk to my friends when we are on break
Who doesn't Facebook?!  Gotta have it!
i want the most recent news to appear first :(
It's OK
Cant updated..
Exellent
Love it
This app is eating my phone memory. Better uninstall it
Good, but abit slow
"Okay"
Newest update causes FC errors after accessing a number of things such as pictures, or extensively scrolling through news feed.  I'm on a SGS3, so there should be no issues with RAM.  My root mods in minfree and the build prop wouldn't be issues either.  How hard is it to put a decent UI on a social site?
Well I like this game
Nice
Cool
Faster!!
Awesome way to keep in touch
Cool app. Don't upgrade through. Possibility of listening to conversations through your phone.
It's ok
Very good
Fb update great!
Tq facebook
I like it
Facebook

The latest update have loads of bugs.. 1. Saving photo forces the app to closed 2. Most of the time when I like a picture it doesn't respond to it 3. Editing privacy post settings reloads the entire app so you will start at very top of the interface. 4. The whole new layout was'nt very user friendly and it takes a lot of space 5. When I'm browsing pictures it crashes too. 6. Notifications are bugging out. 7. Eats a lot of ram. 8. The latest update is worst
Best
Good
Good love it
Hey facebook
3e
Not bad
It Wont Upload Videos It Crashes And Force Closes
Cookie jams
So
Testing ever
It's bad
I Really enjoyed my time using this app.
Chat/video chat
It is good to chat wth frnd
New: NO pictures load what so ever since latest update. Fail. Top stories are retarded and no one prefers it. The default newsfeed should be in regular chronological "most recent" order. Will not improve review rating until I can get 'most recent' in the primary news feed. I am not using the menu and scrolling through 100 things just to find the most recent every single time - it's totally illogical to take all those steps. Top stories should be the option, not the default. Make MOST RECENT the default!!!
Why can't I download it it just says error code -24 what the heck pls fix thisssss.       .\ _ /.
keeps freezing and crashing whenever I try to play a video wtf?! This app is getting worst, facebook and apple scheming to make people switch from droid to CrApple lol! I have both so I know this app only sucks in android....
I am using the old version that works properly and notifies me of MOST RECENT events. Stop telling me to update to the new version that everyone is complaining about!
I can't load ANY PAGE!!!!
This app easy to use but huge amound of memory used to working .and need a high speed internet with more data size.
Good for talking to old and new friends and far away family
Love it
It
Awezome
When they said slow, I didn't know it would take half my adulthood for fb to load
Fb is good so I can chat to my famz that live far.
Kuwait
Jebon budAk
Sana wag palaging mag hung
The fact that I dislike this app is that I can't choose what I want to see on my news feed. This app keep on updating, but do they read the review by its users? We keep on complaining about the news feed but no changes made.
It's not bad but some time it's going hanged nd not working. .even at full wifi connection. .. over all it's ok. About New version
i like this app, its fast & easy for browsing chatting etc....
Its ok
Love it
Annnnd it's still the worst app on android.
Excellent
i love dis lol
Almost best social media cite
Like
Nothing is kept private
No  refresh
Cool app.
Stop deciding what to read for us..we want latest news feed! Not after refreshing and what we have is the post from 3 hours ago!!
Clunky, poor ugly design, not remotely intuitive
loved it
Facebook
GET IT TOGETHER FACEBOOK. There should be NO excuse for your app to suck this hard.
Its always freezing .
awesome
Most of the people I know, family and friends are on Facebook. It's one way we keep in touch!
I <3 it
Pulwama
Dnt update... Too much slow :-/
Good
It`s a cool app with many updates :D
wander D.
Ok
Malaysia
Is sooo awesome... keeps me in touch with family and distance friends
terkini
I can't sort by most recent..
It's all right...

Love yoi
Ok
This App is even more slow-responding than the last version because of the memory it consumes. Even worse was that it actually told me to un-install apps because I didn't have enough memory to open the app! Surely Facebook- one of the world's most popular websites can afford to make an app that solves all the problems, is easy to use and doesn't eat all your memory! Don't bother installing/updating it; it's just an even bigger disappointment. I've un-installed it.
Ok
Oh yeah!!!!
I started viewing video and after 10 seconds it stopped. Wifi signal is strong. Other applications no problem
It keeps me up to date
Its a cool app
R r3
It freezes geeeeee!
New
Updated
JM
better than using a computer
This app is very speedly and easy to access. Simply use
Sam
Fun
It Worked For Me Wonderfully
Friends
I keep trying to install this app but for some reason an error keeps popping saying an istallation error occurred.
This app is detailed
I can't open my facebook at all. Always crash and hang Pls fix it
Facebook its just so cool.. I love it... and thanks for the app its awesome <3 :)
How is it that Facebook, one of the top grossing companies in social media, not able to develop a good working application. My instagram app is 10 times better than any Facebook "update."
Fucked
Is sais check wifi connection but that is not the problem or i wouldnt be here giving it a bad review.
Well but home fb is not fine

Cool
Can't play videos?
I have installed it 3-4 times in my done but it simply says that uninatall the package file. I am tired of this bloody. It is not installing in my noir and just wasting my time and money...
Reduced a star
Need custom privacy in application
Good buy still has some dalys to load
facebook connect people
iloveit very much
Kesarsingh456@gmail. com
It let's you talk to your friends or family in a better way
Twitter app is much faster than FB app
Lazy...
Awesome
Better
Love it!
Always on
I'm sure i installed it and most of the time it unstall it self please fix
Everytime they update fb it messing up
I like it! Because of this! I can call my siblings in abroad!
Facebook has connected my true love
........this app because videos didnot play (......... mean bad word but I didnot right it) plz fix this problem
Liked it
Great app. Easy to use
Social media at its finest
Has most of the functionality of the browser version, though applying veiwing folters can be harder
Nice
Cool
This app is simply not good, cannot change news feed and does barely 1/2 of what I can from loading Facebook on the chrome app. Good riddens.
Facebook
Great app to be in touch with all your mate's
After the last update, which was forced, it crashes every time I open it.  I will now uninstall it.
To share with everyone
Very good
It keeps on crashing.
My attitude my prison
It's a awesome app, so you can keep up with your friends and family!
Nice
Its awsome <3
Not bad but not perfect!
Layout sucks but like facebook
Amazing app, It does the job. I'd like to have a powerful smartphone
Awesome
Facebook
Gotten better
Ive learned alot while I was incarcerated and im glad to be home and thanks to all who stuck by my side the real recognize the realest "lets get there "! :-)
I luv i luv i luv it
Needs to go back to normal a.s.a.p
I love it
Its good
Loving it
Moving so cool and
Got a message saying update for a faster Facebook ... i just did and even reset my phone but its very slow I CANT SEND MESSAGES AND ON THE CHAT NOT SHOWING ONLINE FRIENDS do not update ppl keep ur old version
This App Is Great I Just Wish It Can Show My Emoji's
I saw the app pic and said wow finally fb got better.. After the update I came to see how it changed.. found it the old style.. I was really surprised "how and why didn't it change?".. But after this great change I loved this app more and changed my 2 stars review.. 4 stars cuz fb still needs some enhancements :)
Its really handy
Awesome
Facbok is awsome
Excellent?

I like it
After latest update, I keep getting a force close ,fix please. Samsug galaxy SII
Love it
Love it
<3 <3 <3
I'm Satisfied
It is a good app and for people who don't have it u should get the app
Unnecessarily intrusive.
Great way 4 me to keep up with friends & family.+ get 2 keep up with daughter.. Thanx
This app is so great it allows me to do alot  of things that I want to do
Fan
I cant save my own pictures posted on my albums to my cellphone. It doesnt give me the option. ..
I want to see the most recent stories not what Facebook chooses. It's just a small thing and it doesn't bother me much but It would be an awesome option!
Im a facebook junky
Loving Life
Its great other than the movie thing. It will not play them right. It let's u see few seconds then frezzes up
Really efficient, very easy navigation.
What is going on with this app today?  Loading, loading, loading....taking FOREVER!  News feed is not up to date....comments not up to date....comments failing to post....duplicate comments appearing under posts...unable to navigate without a long wait!  Very frustrated with the last few updates!  Maybe you should revert to the old format.
Not bad....  Good then before
I always update fb when it ask to do that . and now i not really understand what going on . *bad english
It messes up sometimes but a good app
Yay!
I HATE THIS ALOT WITH LOVE SOMEONE
Ir sucks that someone else log in to your divis and I can't log in
When I use this application every time it appears a window to forcing me to close this app..
Love this app
No Problems At All!
turtle sy b zeda slow
Hate the new upgrade
Facebook
Can't upload videos!!!!
I love it.
It won't download on my phone:(
The best
Gotta a lot better with recent updates
World biggest softwaer
Of now
The app is good but sometimes its always hang up
Its good gor new version pls update for latest.
It is fun
Moneybagshawty
Niyamai
it take to much memory..near 100mb :(
You guys take up so much space.
Good working this apps 4my mobile Samsung galaxy S4 zoom
I love it
T
good
Will not show any of my recent friend's updates on the widget. HTC Sensation.

Takes up way too much space
awsm....thnx
It's fast n good
I jst wish there were more options with privacy like ur friends and family can't see ur other friends and stuff please fix and choose what type of notification u want to get cause i hate game request
Make low batt
Satan is at work here
I have a had a wonderful Esperance with face book and would share this everyone.
videos wont play
Good app
Older version was great
But needs more improvements..
The best way to find family and friends.
it can also be used in a bad way by bad people..
Fb
Virtual reality...best comunication system I've ever used..,
I love this.....sooooooo muchhhh
Yep. Still over-crowded with autistic 13 year old girls, except now, you get to see it on your phone. This is a app for Facebookfags.
Cannot play videos, taking over my phone would be 5stars
New ui looks good. Can't change newsfeed to most recent rather then top stories. I don't want to see posts from weeks ago!!!!
Nice
BAD!!!
Gud but whnevr try to save photo it says error savng photo...plzzz fixxx it
'Most Recent' is still there. If you swipe all the way to the right and scroll down a bit, you'll find it. Too many steps, though.
Keeps me in touch with  friends
Its always been crap for me. Don't u worry about this is comment. You carry on telling/showing the world your life. Need it for login in some apps
My app wont work at all it keeps saying unknown error
Awesome app easy to use high speed app
Faster
This App takes too much space. I even put ut on my SD card and still too much. I haye it but need it
This app eats up my memory but I'm a fb addict so guess I'll have to deal...
Better xn ever
Exelent because you can make new friends and meet relitives you never new about
Yeah it's pretty  great (: , that's all that's needed to be said.
Thank god they updated, and it was a major one. Finally the Facebook app works really well! Samsung Galaxy S Captivate running Fasty ROM vIII 1.3
Pretty much made my fb app useless with this new update. Can't change my news feed, so all I see are "top stories".
Great
#haterssuckeggs WTF it does what It's supposed to bleedin do quit complaining or just use the browser. Enough said
otimo
How are you going to tell me I have an outdated version of an update and tell me to update now and not offer an update, you're retarded
Looks good
How to update the Facebook
Gr8
Love it
Kamran
this app is nice
Maskeen
Facebook has helped me reunite with my school mates after whole 26 years. That's a quarter of a century. I love it.
Si aron. Sana di niya makita toh. Joke lng aron
Good
Lay bhari
love this facebook compared to the old one
Love it.
Some times taking long to laod ir cant laod new feet
Its good
Could be better
Cant download it "-24" error What to do ?
I love it. I just don't like the fact it keeps glitching all the time.
The recent update is not working properly. It force closes/crashes every time
Go Facebook love it
Solid
Cool for real friends an family ..
I love fb coz i have more friend
ok
Best for communications
Nice
I just love it
This is good app, easy to upload pic. And easy to like or comment on any post.
I like...
Thumbs up!!!
People kept on sending messages about links to me and its now sending messages to people from me. Really annoying!!!
Can't sync since last update on droid maxx
Nice
Why does Facebook wants me to install their messager app before I can see my message
Every update works for me

Bad.....slow..smh
When i update my facebook, i couldn't use it.
need to fix fb glitches
I want to download videos and cant plz fix soon
When I update my Facebook app I couldn't to use.
Love it
Nice
Love
Its very nice tho
Awesome
Always freeze / hang while scrolling newsfeed. I closed the fb apps and opened it again, still hanged. Have to restart phone. Please fix it. Or would like me to sing coldplay fix you?

sometimes having problem with the Notifications.while open the notification panel the App collapses.
I like and love facebook
Used to have too many missing features compared with desktop. Now they've added missing features like editing a post, but it's getting increasingly annoying and asking for too many permissions. Latest versions don't allow messaging without installing the intrusive Messenger app.
Fast and smooth..works great even on low network area.
They shouldnt seperate fb programs. Tottaly $hit
Beacuse it's a pretty useful tool to connect with others. Although you can get away from reality and not hangout with your friends outside
Fb es mucho bien. Yo quiero y tengo.
Constantly and repeatedly 'stops responding', especially when trying to open it. Likes and Comments just disappear. Timeline does not refresh correctly. No way to edit the information of photos posted.... It's just cheap and nasty.
I like this
Very good
Excellent
Great way to keep in contacted with my friends and loved ones
Totally slow down my phone....
Says Error -24. Droid razr maxx hd
I like this app..
_/\_
Once again, another load of rubbish. One step forward, two steps back!
Chea
Nice
new software version
It'd be nice if I could go on another app for a few seconds without it reloading when I come back to it. It even happens when I'm in the middle of reading something. I would really enjoy this app if that didn't happen.
Continually force closes since last update. As has been said before, IF IT AINT BROKE DONT FIX IT
Love it great way to communicate with friends and loved ones
Good
Give it a four star It's really fast but sometimes it loads slow
Hi
I love that I can easily post, edit, and delete posts. User friendly is a good thing!
wow
Just wonderful...but there is one thing i would like to say that is why cant we save the vedio s shared in fb ...pleasd do some thing for this problem...some vedio r so good but we cant save it nor share it with other apps like we do it with pictures..please fix it up as early as possible ...
Love it
So sweet
Its grate thanks
Love you a lot more Facebook
Nic one loved a lot
Like the app its one the best app out .
Very nice app
Great app
Nisheesh
I have had nothing but issues with this update....freezes my phone and takes me 20 minutes to get to my profile page in FB
Totally bull sheet.
The best
Wot has happenned it keeps freezing turning off and videos wont load   Fix it plz
i like it
Nice App
Oke
I am so upset! Every time I try to watch a video everything just freezes up AND I DO MEAN EVERYTHING! I used to ignore and never update for this exact reason. Now can I uninstall this last update or will I have to just start over? Grrrrr
It's useless.
"Unkown error" is displayed while trying to refresh doesn't load new feeds or anything else tried reinstalling , connecting to other connection , turned off mobile and signed out my account but no work ,it was good before a day :( , by the way only messages still workingGalaxy S2.
I WILL HAVE A GO OF THIS LATEST  UPDATE .I WILL CHECK BACK HERE LATER WITH A REVIEW OF IT . ---- ok so I used it ,but it still takes ages to load up photo's , so what I do is loose enthusiasm & logout .because I cant be botherd waiting for the loading counter to go round & round & round etc etc ! & when u wanna make a comment & send / done , it doesn't do it ,it gets erased so I logout again .I would give five stars ,but not yet .
Good Job
Hi
awesome,
Ok
Manti
It is very annoying because every time I chat with someone it force closes!!!!!
Why would some one not like this app if they have a face book its easier then going online
it's a very good app. I only wish my news feed started with newest posts. Not what Facebook thinks is "top news".
Shasta amin
..Move App to SDcard, please. Motorola Droid RAZR Maxx
So funny...
Its soooo good it works great on my phone and tablet
Love the new updates I could see the paper work
Not cool
At least you have sLow Internet Conexion...
Great app
Osam
more friends
I love this application wow
Gud app
Please fix the app. It lags so bad and closes by itself..  please fix, its my daily life.
Plz update
Great
Keeps freezing my phone!
Before using this app I was using opera mini for Facebook but after I got this one its just wow...uploads are so quick ..just like PC.
An android face book gives you a lot of fun and everything you need.. Or I can say that no need to install any social apps as fb will provide you thousand of stickers free video and audio calling providing camera and many more .. So I suggest you to go for it,...
Ughhhhhhh
Nice
The app will not open on my phone i have download it 3 times and each time i open the app it says it can't open retry
Xxxxx I love it Xxxxx
919    error
Social network brings family from faraway right in my hands.

everything is a delay dor these updates.. messages are delayed.. notifications are delayed.. status is not real time.. what the heck is going on?
Its very usefull updates and very attractive features
Its faster than ever...
Facebool
Hassanhassinar.
Love it
No real problems at all. Glad they (fb) offers it.
Updates dont work

Two years ago the app worked fine, but after the constant updates it's now just a mess of "errors", egotism and pointless crashes on re-opening; if I could revert back to a working version I would.
It takes too much memory. But the others are good.
Nice Facebook
Outstanding! :-)
Galaxy install pls
Please fix the turn off/on notification of a status or photo
Nice...
I use Note2 n it always shows to me Facebook is not responding y is it so... plz... fix this ASAP. ...
Love's it:)
George Orwell eat your heart out.  Spying at its best. Why do you want access to my entire phone? Social engineering.
IT really works,  lol but it just runs a little slow Lbvs
I uninstall this when not using it or my battery goes too quickly
I don't always like. The updates but this one is good.
Lifes awsome
Trre
Good
Tammy tiana aaliyah Jackson
I love all my friends
R
Not working when i want to message is not working
Things are working great!!!
No options to tag (link) pages & ppl. in captions of.pics :(
I like this app cause its very fine & usable.
I like it , nice aap. ..
Good
Top
Saripa jumdana
Nice app
This app does not allow anymore to choose to see most recent posts in your timeline. I might just as well uninstall the whole thing than!
Very very worst...taking large space...
I love fb a lot!!! its great <3
Best app ever
Best app for browse our account.
Cool very good.....
Exellent
It's good try it kk
I had to uninstall now it won't install properly wtf!?!? i liked the app before now it just sucks.  Please fix.
Error to save images.... plz solve dat remaing is Gud
Love it
awesome
Connecting people
Slower than previous version get it right and leave it alone!
Doesn't Refresh Comments :(
Nice
Love it!
I can go on fb on my mobile easier!!!
Nice
So nice
Very nice apps.ajay
zab¨ªr¨¢ moc MB!-.-
Shoaib
Nice
Every time I play a video "sorry an unknown error occurred" the new "simplified" menu is the hardest one to navigate yet. If it's not broken don't fix it!
This new Facebook app is awesome.
Ok
Don't work sucks ballz
It just keeps draining my battery
I can't view my profile... and it needs to be fixed... It was fine till it up dated :o so fix it please
Please make it possible to edit a post in the comments section on ALL devises. It's really annoying when you post something wrong and you can't fix it on your phone so that means posting a whole new comment with the correct wording. Thank you!
Gud
Share and text with family and friends
It's awesome
Be a happy family.
I can't post to groups or create events from my phone
Facebook is pathetic! Get a life instead of staring at your phone at every available moment. Get out and get involved in something energetic!!
Easy to access & it's very easy to ya mails o comments on a small device such like ya android fone
Honey singhhhhhh me to ispa hi chat karta hu aur mana arsh nam dala hai
Uae
It should let you scroll through your news screen chronologically
Good ...but every update is worse than the one before , plz fix it
Good apps
Its awesome
I love this app but there is no option to copy text. Please make it easier to copy any text in this application.
Facebook
Mast
It freeze up to much!!! But i cant keep getting on and getting off!! This is kindof stupid
It was good til the last update, now when I go to look at comments on a picture or something it will not let me go back so I have to go to new feeds again and go back to where I was, and everytime I try to change my profile picture it takes like 20 minutes just to update it please fix
Awsome
Do
A little slow but an app with great features. Needs more modifications!!!
I was always wondering if i could make out with developing generation in technology leads to perfection...soo far i got that i should stop my thinking about it n accept the reality..i know u are absolutely familiar for your work n i hope u always get better content, not for a better comment but for better development on our thinking...u poses an owe.
99904560
It is a marvalious one no need to describe.Thanks.
Don't update please it's taking too long to load
I cannot open videos posted by friends on my phone
Not that great. When u select share on pic or video it will not load
very nice working
Satya coloniser pvt.ltd
For as big of company you would think this app wouldn't crash so much!! Being asked to use Facebook messenger every time I open it is annoying.  Can't wait for someone to take down facebook!
Not good not bad
Nice
Easy to use fb on this app
Good
Uses too much power
Good
Hii ita good
Its quiet gud nd fast from previous version
I love this version
This new update I can't even look at pictures or watch any videos
Galaxly 3
If you have a Sony z2 you can't play videos you keep having to delete the app and re install it
I like it but little bit slow
It's a really good app
Always my fb log...
Wont download error 24
Very good app.....
Best
Aslam o alikum
It's a great app 
Sher mandozi
Superb
My Facebook app is not responding as it should be
Excellent
com.ph
Wonderful
Best best?!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Kaint
Wak mende updek sokmo..wak berak tipong jee...nok bicare cane dengang mung ni fesbuk..payoh la kalu dok apdek tapi lembak...natang....
Facebook updates use to much memory.
Superb
Facebook
Mmmm Good
Without any reason...I have send them my passport copy but even then y my ac till nw not opened...
Wonderful
Good...
Nice
Amazing application
Ever since the update, it will no longer play any videos in my news feed and it no longer puts any of the statuses in order. I will be scrolling down my feed and see statuses from two days ago before i see ones from today.
Love it
Its Pretty Good Its Just Haves Its Moments 
Good
I m loving it
Allah is Great
Angry birds are cool
Woo
George juma
Ram sharma
Stop this updates, are useless!
Recommend let's u post what is on your mind
I don't c any difference whether it updates or not it sucks
It takes up a lot of memory. The data gives like an extra 20 mb

Wooow
Good
Its amazing
The Facebook newsfeed should work like a digest where it saves your spot when the app is closed so you pick up where you left off when it is reopened. It refreshes mid scroll very frequently, which is frustrating. Also, by default it should load more comments and save your spot when reviewing a long comment feed. At least to me it's worth having a larger app consuming more processing power to make this happen.
Finnnnn
Good app to connect
Thank You Scott Xx From Scott
Hi
Buggy in creating groups
Harshamohan
Not respand
The new update suck just as ifunny
Occasionally force close, Droid X. Chat and Message Alert are buggy. Need to be able to remove posts!
Raj Gupta
When i open it. App  hangs my phone.
Don't know what is going on, every time I open this app it takes ages to load and when I finally get to the news feed the page won't scroll, buttons won't work, just does nothing at all. So frustrating  PLEASE FIX!!! Edit: reinstalling seems to have helped for the time being.
Good
Very good.
Very good midia to make friends
Good
Don't update it like fu*k
Super
Thankyou
A lot of information
Good
Good
Lovely
It good but it becoming heavy app after update
sur
Hate it...i wish i cud uninstall it!!!!!!
Ketna lal majithia
Tipri dashgi
Gud app
2 much......
D app really sucks n it's of no use at all. It's dere in ua ph to drain ua battery n data only n I hated it
Ok
its a good application am in love with it big up to da developers thanxs
Update version is very differnt friend
Stop updating the application with unnecessary things. Fb app is creating lag and freezing at times. Need to say with one update that all phones can handle.
Like it. ..
Why it is very hard for me to connect ...... I really dont know why?
But it eats my memory more ....
So good app
Hi vah vah
Facebooks good to talk to your family from far away but its stupid to wait 60 days before changing your name, #Dumb
Facebook is the worst app out there, it is horrible, how can you people operate a system that only makes a profit for themselves and doesn't monitor the bad stuff.....  You suck....
Ok
Facebook sucks
It generally works, but is also generally slow.
Because fu that's why
Poor
It's a really helpful app
While reading down the stories it is annoying to go back to the top when you watch a video on other websites.
Too many exploitation

Im really liked
Nice
Please add the ability to be able to move the app to the SDcard.  Samsung Galaxy Note 3
It is so cool even my little sister want me to make her one too and how does she know my password she is only 5 years old and i don't like it that she goes on it and so Facebook is the best
Good
Best chatting app
HTC One drains my battery now! Ever since the update I've had to charge my phone twice during the day and I only browse a few times and always close out! It was WAY better 2 updates ago!
I can't use this app.. Because... This app have lots of  trable... So i want more improvement...
great
I love it
Nice app
People complain a lot, needs a dislike button
Amazing
Ok ok
New version not good
Sardartreadas
God like
I like it... it could show me about people that stay in gaza and palestine...
Shashisingh
super fast
Don't send candy crush request
Love it
Its consume huge space
Love
Good
update make it force close :(
What we need is the most recent, please bring it back or at least give us an option. It is such a hassle to look for the recent on the right tab!!!
It is, the best No.1 Social  App. for android.
It is good
I'm lovin it
Expected way more from FB. App locks up at least once per day. When it does work, it is very slow. Wish I could rate it lower.
Why not getting download
Nice app
Keeps crashing...
Rehman
Its okk
Very good apps i love it.
Very nice to use this
Best app, but I don't like how you see the news feed....I want to see recent news
Great application but in 2g network it dosent load pivtures fast other wise great app.
Hi
Every single Facebook update sucks. Uses too much memory, makes my phone lag out, can't load videos hardly at all. Stop "updating"! If I could give negative stars I would
I always play it every days.
It is very bad app update is soo bad video download is not working
Ok!!!!!!!!!!!!
Rajeshkutty
video can't download directly. What to do
Bicchado ko milati hai fb
I cant share to other peoples timelines & cannot save pics onto my phone wish Id never gotten it
Superbb
Good
I love it
Love it
I avoided updating the app for a long time but then I got a new phone and I hate not being able to see as most recent not top stories! Please bring back my most recent option
Has I have some problem with my Facebook Im using Sony XperiaZ and I can not play video from Facebook with this phone. Anyone can help me please...
Still can not change the status updates from top stories to most recent...updated every update and its still not working its very disappointing
I see crazy pictures on my wall posted by I dono who .. spam may be.. but I don belve it happns without the ctrl of fb team... these pictures make me depressed nd paranoid .. uninstalling app and staying away frm fb
Just Love it ! Awesome UI
Good
Nic aap
Nice app
Good
Too slow....
Aqafgs
I Like
The smileyz n stickers rnt available after updating the app :3..
It is very good facebook i liket it
For everybody
Nice.
Five stars
I constantly have to update.Its freeze on my galaxy 2.Videos take forever to upload.They need to fix this problwm since it is the most used app.
face book
Traveling to Family's new home
It is too slow i cant load my videos
Before Whatsapp ;)
Good way to keep up with the fam & friends.  :-) lol
Waste
Old was good new one has many uncomfortable  options
Nothing difference after updating ....
Qureshi
Its a nice app

How much you
I really don't like it I've updated it to my phone . It keeps telling me to  take a tour I didn't fully down load fix it please plus there's no downloading of any videos.good thing I didn't do it on my tablet ,its still has the old version...you have to pay for the downloader to be on your facebook...Wasssup wit that...?
Connecting people
Updates are fine
Tried to edit my favorites and made me lose all my favorites
itka bhari ahe ajun kay pahije mulanno
Nice
No comment 4 the best 5stars
Like apps
Good.
Cool
Kind of slow tho
When ever I opens it, it will always force closing
totally satisfied throught facebook i have communiction worldwide friends and relatives and find a more friends
Since the recent update everytime I get on Facebook it force closes, It won't let me type friends names in the messenger search bar, most videos don't play only shows top stories, I hate this fckin app. You guys keep making it worse
whenever a like or comment on a post and after some time it doesn't show that I have liked aur commented. Please fix it
Awesome app
Naaba kwame

Nice
the new version seems laggiee. i cant view pics and it takes minute to view messages and chat box .. news feed takes long timw to refresh and i cant save pictures :( . please fix this ..
I love the app can't get any better.
Facebook
I like facebook but it want down load
Worst ever! STOP with the "updates" that don't enhance the social media sight for it's users, but rather it EXPLOITS every FB user to every hacker known to man who poses a very real and devious threat!
Like it the old fb was more better this always say Facebook is not responding
Getting better and better with each updates.
This news update is frustrating!
It is very good but team can do a lot more for it and theam can be charged with colors.
You are all whiney babies with crap phones. Let's see you develop an app
Ravindar12
At least better than before
Kiran
Always love Facebook!
Very bad bexause it only used to time passed it does not provid nothing and it can harmet to our eyes and do use facebook it is very bad thing in the whole world so please do  not use facebook
It takes a lot of space and force closes rapidly.Older version was 100¡Á better.
Jessicahardman
Nice app I like it very much
Nice
Awesome
Informative
2 much......
I only really updated the app so it would stop prompting me to. It's the same as it's been since 2009, I don't care.
Perkhidmatan Terbaik Keutamaan Anda
Its good.
Bkt hnd ko masync fb ko. Hyyyy
It's awesome!
Satabiic
Best
Yes I love it.
The easiest way for me to keep in touch with friends and family
Love it
Good
I like it
Love it
I love fb
Best app
My priority everyday in my life love this app
I only become simple when you are simple to me
Far from what it should be.
Galaxy s11
Sm FACE  BOOK
Great
Facebook
lags alot and I get stuck on viewing a picture. wont let me back out. need fix
Good.
Its  a nice way to meet our old freind
Nice
Very goooood
Yessssa
Loved it
New update sucks
Nice
Glitchy
Coolll
ko berak dalam seluar sial
Wont let anyone watch videos on fb. Please sort it out
Nice
larze memory
Facebook is a given. If Facebook was in any #WorldCup ? It would win!
Nadeem
Good

Please fix no sound on videos
Super page
Much better than it was in 2011. So I'm updating my review.
Works to slow on my phone HTC one v.
It's very fast..
Good excellent
Keeps you in touch with everyone!  :-)
My pics are pixelated when I upload from S5.  But my iPhone 5s friend's pics aren't pixelated!
Facebook

Suuuuuuperb
I love it
Loved it
Exallent..........:-)
Superb
It's my favorite actually I love the social networking sites, but this site is amazing, excellent
Nice one
Its cooooooooooooooooooooooooooooool!
Good profonnce
whey not download in my phone
Average
Tga
It's not Facebook. .. It is fabby...

Always made my facebook faster and even on phone better
Good
Love it
I have no problems with it
Nice
Great way to keep in touch with family and friends
Bravo
#TeamBetty says Go For It
Galaxy 5
Updad
Love this app I use it everyday
I love the new interface so much!
To use
exelent
Not that bad....
Its gd but I really wish it could load contacts, messages,  and notifications faster

Excellent
Not bad
Every time I tap the app icon it first takes me to the Play Store , then I have to open it from there.  The scrolling is very off. It appears to be overly sensitive to touch and unless I consciously and VERY SLOWLY scroll, one light touch will send the page wildly scrolling in the opposite direction that I wanted (no other apps do this for me so it's not just my phone).  As others have mentioned, I want the option to view most recent feed back!!
Megawatisahdan8@gmail,com
Average
Shajada.abul.1
I won't waste my time reviewing each and every detail. All I have I have to say to people reading this is DO NOT UPDATE. I am deleting this app from my phone and will use my browser instead.
Facebook app is awesome. But it could have been a little bit fast
Fb
I'm sorry but this app is too slow, it always lagged say "Facebook is not responding. Do you want to close it?" And it closed! Omg can someone help me please? Or can you fix this? I'm sorry.
Sometimes slow and doesn't load pictures:(
Sucks big time.take me off line please
Good
This app isn't responding , its waiste to install
A easy way to find friend
I like it
mh
If it was fast than I could gave this App as fIvE star. This app is being slow from  40 per. I want an improvement of lot.
Bloop
My acct was hacked n can't get help from fb. I have a lot of pics from years n years now they r gone cause I can't get any help from fb!!!!
Deep chand khatri
I thing facebook is very good sosal network
Need to have option for most recent for news feed. This fearure is needed on the main news feed and not another part of the app
Use to be a great app but now it sucks its never letting me on Facebook it always closes out there is too many glitches now
Ap
Larsen&Toubro Ltd(PGCI)
every since the new update my phone keeps freezing every time I use this app. I cant even watch videos my friends posted to my wall.
Why I can't save the pictures on my tablet,before when I did not updated my fb I can save it now it appears no thumbnail
Photo search or post us this app or Facebook messenger us...
A m a z z ii n g ..........
I love Fb
loved it
Gud
Awesome
:)
Always works
Jilebi
Facebook
Fun
Awsme
I cant see all of my friends status updates..what's up with dat..Im missing out :(
Nice
Loved it
Greyt
I love it
Best app ever
Will not let me check my notifications. .. it was way better before all the dumb updates when it was simple
J
Before the latest version update, the app was EXTREMELY SLOW and it pretty much was useless as it lagged a lot and stuttered and I uninstalled it. I install the updated version and lag is non existent and its a joy to use now. Thanks for the quick response to my complaints facebook!
Galaxy S4
I logged out only for the app to not allow me to log back in going on now day 3. It won't allow me to type in my passwords. Only allows you to type in one letter before it erases that one. Tried deleting it then reinstall several times and still getting this problem. Also did many resets on my phone... I am very disappointed.  Never had problems with it until now. I have a galaxy s4
Satisfactory Efforts from Facebook Inc. .... Still u lack the position to get a '5 - Star' review.... Still a long way for u to go.... Innovate Better..
Very nice.
Install
FB help me to find my old friends n my relation...
Nice apps
ITS GOOD.
Dan
Grat
I like it
Something to do
Always good to check out the latest stuff.
WULAN
Desire 500. Not such a good interface
It's face book. What more is there to say! Love!
Excellent
Nice
Sabu varghese
I can chat my classmates,friends,..
Bonjour
I have a large, extended fam and friends all over the world. FB helps me keep up with their new births, graduations, birthdays and concerns.  I also use it to collaborate,  take polls and market my services. Great tool for networking in my hometown,  as well!
;)
i love this apps but need some help. need update need faster
Supper
it is nice to meet worldly and godly people other places
dilipKumar0198@gmail. com
Wayy too many updates!
By this application  I hurt totally in this updated version
suddenly hanged for few minit and keep crashing
Guzell  :)
Four star services
Sloww.....
Its awsomeee I love ittttttt
I like
rr
Kharuf
nice. very good app..
I only wish they would allow us to set the custom viewing option for posts made from phones.
App keeps freezing and having to force closed
Interesting
Bhot bavas hai
Its a wicked app but becoming a memory problem
It's very good application :-P
I am new User
First 11.0013mb
Super slow..always loading..wtf
Good
Jail guru hi
I'm online fb &whatsaap
I can't make my default news feed "Most Recent"?    And what about accessing my video folder?
But solw loading pages
Full of njy
Worked out some kinks
Interesting application...
I love it best app ever
Loved this app
Awesome but sometimes
I never updated this app before becuz i was fine with the old version. I regret updating because now i cant scroll through my newfeed with out it freezing everytime i see a video. Very annoying.
Nice app
I want fb app for windows 8 pc....... Plz
I like
Not starded download
I don't receive posts from my friends.
Can't play any video
Samu sanu. Gajakesari, Fugly, Oggarane, Ek Villain & other hit songs on your airtel mobile. Call 578785(tollfree). For Music, Astro & Fun, call 56789 (tollfree)y
Tpi slow ckit
I can't post photos in people's comments now. Using Galaxy 3.
Awesome
so awesome
Uh
Not prfect
Top
Very very slow app
Lovely
works really well on this if i could rate more i would
Awesome App
Good working speed performance 100% excellent
:-)
Their are lot of people on it
I love it
Easy to stay in touch with friends
Still have old version
So glad you can finally turn off notifications on the app, but now you can only share on your wall or someone else's. Why can't you share in a private message anymore??
Awesome!
Amazing app...:)
The size is becaming large... Consumes more memory and drains battery.. And why the app size is increasing in name of data???
But it seem to become as blank at some time solve that problem
Good
Just to tell you EVERYTHING AT YOUR FINGER TIP
Nice
Jesse 63
Check it out
This app always stuck...please fix it
This a great app
Awesome
Contact pictures not kept up to date, even claims some contacts have no photos...
Social network
Very helpful for me coz easy to contact my love once.. thank you so much..
Woww superbbb
Great app. Facebook rocks!
Good
Jasmin Shah
I can't download images from the chat anymore. It says saved photo but whenever i look at it, its a broken photo, unreadable and it says can't find location. And I also dont get notified right away. Fix this please!!!
Tnks
keep it up
I don't like the new update I always find the feeds late and is always freezing on me so I have to force close the app
Sometimes it runs a little slow but its a very good app
The best
1000
That's verry good
Rachel berryhilll
THE only way to stay in contact with ppl and know what's in their mind in real time! Don't get stuck in the ice age, create a profile now and enjoy talking to friends, playing games, or see what's going on in the world today! :-)
New update doesn't allow me to save photos. Please fix that error...
It is great :-)
Facebook
Nice
Great
I cannot share my posts this is really annoying
Its so cool
Super
"Unkown error" is displayed while trying to connect, doesn't load news feed ! Galaxy S2.
This has largest network but speed for open page or upload download..very slow
Lovly
Good
Get busy with it..no gettin' bored.
best
gowra
Need a default "most recent" option and its a battery killer! Otherwise its actually not bad :-)
When opening videos Facebook is closing...
Kenapa asyik kna log out jea ? Apehal ni ? Pastu kena block ?! Benda ni ? Bencilah . Orang nak buat fb baru pun tak snang . Tak boleh add orang lah , tak boleh like lah, semuanya tak boleh . Kedekut !
I downloaded this app expecting to be able to use green text. I was dissapoint greatly your terrible app does not even allow the simplest of green texts I want to make my memes with green text but no. I feel really o pressed due to this simple feature not being included I would be very greatful if you if you either delete the app or add green text
Nice app
This app will not download beyond 93%
this  vision is  good  but i wont  last  vision thats very  very  good  please give  me last  vision
Bukur
I haven't used it yet but  i am sure i will like it
Tooooooooooooooooo gooooooooooooooooood
When i download it is 18 mb and after 10minutes I Dowbload it becomes 60.80 and above...Pls Solve it
Fix this freezing problem
Lavit haha
Nice
Love
Has this 'unfortunately facebook...' when opened. Please fix and 5 stars are yours.
Momu
Very good use......i like very much ......
Does not allow me to manage my private photos and into albums. Not able to view video albums.
It's having problems but we are humans right, WE ALL make mistakes everyone does we can't blame it is Ok. ........
Watching videos use 2 b good now wen it plays it sticks, or all you hear is sound and jus a wack freeze screen. Worthless. Both on ICS n Jellybean.
Easy to use.. thanks for staying great
New update is fine. But too slow...that's it.
Mst  hain  boss....
Gr8 social network
avi
Getting better
I love it
Its a great tool to connect when and wherever I choose to use it. Thanks
I love facebook
Good app but there is no option of copy paste so plz work upon, otherwise 5 star
Bhai
Amaziiiing
Nice
Goood
Great app...
I updated the mobile app yesterday. It was working fine prior to. Now it's freezing and force closing. PLEASE ADDRESS! Samsung Galaxy Rush
Love it
I really love Facebook.its good app.
Fb
Dsphalak
Good
Plz back the old facebook apps...
Good one
Nice
Make it better then i will rate it five
good
Awesome features
Cannot be
Very usefullvand fantastic apps
nice
Nothing else may be better then this
Accountant
the best fb
After I updated start running slow.... dont work
Time line order is plain stupid. I'll have a post from 10 hours ago on top and another 39 minutes ago two or three posts down.
Sharon
By meeee
Takes time for opening games
Bhulgya
This newly updated app is good
I love facebook. Thats how i met my boyfriend! And met mew friends!
Wat other review could the worlds BIGGEST online connection get?
Its automatically logged out .........its totally bad app logged out automatically. .   Fix it
It says "unfortunately Facebook, has stopped
Is the best lat
First I wish I can copy any status  second i wish that when I open a facebook page from any other browser it is outomatically opened in Facebook application
Siip
Best  app
Frankly I hate that it got separated. More apps to take up more space... unecessary. Can't go offline from it... annoying.
Just why
Repeated many questions ovet and over am tired of repeating same anseers Dont need Facebook.Its too time consuming!
Gosto
Good
Cool
I just want my news feed to stay in most recent order...
Ken's Barber Shop
I'm Getting p---ssed off with this app Always going down when i try see something on my HTC. I download from play store a lot and the only problem is this app. Sometimes it works a little just to put one picture on FB and its shuts down again. Please FIX IT CAUSE I CAN'T DO NOTHING ON MY FB. IM GETTING F-----KING MAD ASKING TO FIX THIS APP FOR A LONGH TIME
Fb is the best
Cool
Who's got privacy anyway?
It does not put the news feeds in order and does not post check ins.
Well loved it
Does the jobs that we all nd in diff ways.
Nice to see all our needs...
Ever since the update it won't load anything, says unknown error, trouble loading news feed tap to retry! Please fix!!
Pls fix all bugs like the news feed its not organized
It works pretty good for the most part the only thing is i try to load videos & it doesnt let me i dont understand that it use to let me before
Terrific app. Never any problems. Works like a charm! ;)
Nice app
Superb
Great app.
facebook app is awesome! I can online everywhere without no worries about my facebook account. :)
It's good
this app eats a lot of memory in my phone ! so annoying ! i hope Producer make a smaller phone memory !
Hanging fb app
Nice
L0v it
Facebook
Still no way to set "most recent" as the default. This is ridiculous. There is also no way to post to a list Without changing your default audience in the app *and* Facebook, and no way to set a custom audience from the app (which is what I have add my default).
Useful
Net of world wide friend circle.
Plz improve the options to see which people's following me and my followers ...
Great way to find old friends you lost contact with.
Its an awsome app.but improve on the video
:-P
Problems loading news feed chronologically
Love 1$ thi$ @pp
Facebook app is cool

Slow
always hang....
Good But Please fix the slowing problem Please
Nice
Hey! I cant download it
Goes to slow
Very good
I Like Facebook...
Almost there , but everything seems too small on my tablet like it was meant for an HD phone thus looking a bit off like the layout was lazily stretched out just to fit my tab's resolution of 1280x800 mdpi/ actual dens. 162.00dpi & it's nowhere near a super amoled whereas facebook looks just right on a device w/ a much higher HD res. Why is that? No wonder why your screenshots are just of a mobile phone. I think zooming options in-app would be a nice idea.
I try 2 update but wnt let me. Plz update so I can. Thnx
Its all amazing here
Boss
I lke it very much just mss and hav fun with ur buddies
Very useful
..Googles ...I like mete to freinds
Not able  to download
Loved it
i like this app
Awrsome
Once I updated this app on my Moto X it keeps freezing up.  I have to go to my setting on my phone just to kill the app and go back on it for it to just freeze up all over again.  I hate this update as I have NEVER had this issue with any other update. Even when trying to exit Facebook and go to my settings the app re-appears and is still frozen. I have tried an uninstall/re-install and restarting my phone and NOTHING seems to fix the issue.
It is awesome
Loved.
Amezing
I really love it you can chat with your friends say how your feeling and lots more!
After the latest update, the storage capacity of my Facebook apps in my phone increased from 33MB to 120MB and it's keep increasing everytime I use the apps.. Please solve it!!! TQ
Awesome
Shitty
Downloading ......rated without even lookin at it
sales officer
Papuu
no copy paste option thts y we dnt lyk if u add copy paste option on screen thn we can called its a complet app
Super
It just sucks! Working slowly, if ever I can open it. Of just hanging! Difficult to use... will wait maybe just couple of days, than if still "sucks"-uninstall!
Sweet like chocolate :-)
Three star for now..because I'm not realy happy with this apps when i want to upload some vedeos it always say (Your temporarily blocked.)Pls.fix it.
I am always ready to welcome you
SamAn
Shining
poooop
I would like to control who sees the pages and posts I like in my friends news feeds.  Not everything I like needs to be posted for everyone to see.  Ill share it if I want people to see it.
My name is prasad f b is good social net work website
Takes too much space on my phone memory!cant even move it to sd card!
Very good
so much easier.and faster.
Excellent.
I love this app
Super like
This is emaging
Best
Connected to loved ones
Try it out your ganna love it
Lovely app I like it
Good app but still has room for a lot of improvements
This facebook app's stprage size too large... can you decrease the size of the fb app please? Thank you
go
Sometimes just shuts dwn for no reason other than that it's fine.
i just love it .... no need to go for another:-):-):-):-):-)
Fine
Its very slow! Can you fix it? Thanks
Easy to use
The changes are good I think in time when I figure it all out I'll enjoy it more.
Saya sangat suka
FB FUN
I like it, but please make me love it because I want you guys to fix the part when ppl send me pictures on fb msg I save them,  but when I go and look on my folder the pictures are all black and error looking. Please fix.
WTF. What the f*** is this mark zuckerberg MaKE... application for android 2.2 froyo
The messages don't notify me unless I'm on the app. Do I actually have to have the Facebook messenger to get messages sent to my phone, or can you fix this problem?
I like it!
This app wazzz a good
Yst
Please!!! add an option to disable/enable Friend Suggestion and "People you may know"
Works great on my s5!
I dunno why even I closed this app in app mgr its still drainning battery
Very good app
Cookies
Wonder
Best aap forever
this version of fb not ok for xolo A500s this app is automatically stop after some tym
Better updates.....
improve a lot...
Facebook is a good app to talk to your friends look at the latest 411 and news....you get to see what people are up to!!
Good
Simply awesome
Love it..fb thks
Make system to reply a comment... and i will give 5 star
I like this aap
Facebook nice Software
Good
It is so good & fast
I dont like that every time I share, it also shows up on my time line. I also dont care to see what anyone else shares with whomever on my time line. If I share to a specific person that is exactly the only one I want to see what I shared.
I love it
Me gusta
Intresting
Hdhjejd
Thank you for your efforts, but seriously guys this app is getting worse every day it is giving me a very hard tome just to type up a comment or so when I tab on the comment bar to type up any thing it keeps hanging
:-) :-) :-) :-) :-) lol
It works well
Hate it
Ill change my rating when you fix this. Just updated facebook and its lagging and freezing all the time now please fix the issue or ill un install it and just stick to ny computer thanks
Good app
Awsm
It's ok
Unavoidable for this age
Superb
Great
Excellent
Okay
When I try to press an option that save a picture, it pops up the comment... Please do something...
great job FB.....:-)
Transport
Facebook
Amazing
Excellent. Marvellous and unparallel
Great app... superb
Good
I wish theres a 'custom' in the privacy option for status and photo updates.
Harish Tanwar
Love facebook
Updates are making it very nice.
I love facebook
This is one thing I can't live without....
Hi guys. . Can u create a theme for facebook. .i give the other 4 star if u create a theme for facebook. Too look  nice like friendster
Very goooood
Govt Job
Its vry easy to upload videos ......I ws hv m old video bt its ws  takein alt of tym to upload ..hmm bt nw I hve update all videos. ...!
New update is totally poor. When im trying to log out it does'not work and just show loading news feed continuously. Please fix it as soon as now im gonna re-install for fixing my problem
Good
Sometime can't log out so angry!!!
I like it
good
My messages didin't open why please fix it   :"(
the facebook for android is supposed to make the facebook experience better! Not ruin it!! Facebook team are not giving proper attention to this application.. Other app developers work hard on their apps and get the errors sorted out so fast... But facebook don't seem to care at all!
Should work on news feed
Amazing I can't live with out FBI..
Love fb
Best of this website
so awesome
Awesone application. Running very smooth .
Terbaikkk
This applications faster nd subrb
De m¨¦g mindig sokat ¨¦breszti a telefont, haszn¨¢lja az akkut
lovely app
Super
Best social networking application ever
That's So Good Apps Plz plz Upgread New Version
Gud one
This new update will not allow me to post status of any kind says something went wrong then it stops responding
Like
Fantastic
its always not responding ¡­it sucks ¡­!
Pakistan
Since last update, the app is DRAINING battery; appears to be location services/GPS. Please fix as it makes the app unusable. Nexus 5
Gets all my Facebooks to my phone well enough. Hurrah!
Nice app
Maga
Cool app I like it
Best gle
It uses more battery. Why must I use this updated version when I was working ok on the previous one.
Fu** !!always turn off automatically,without 10 minutes ,it already jump out 6 times ...Facebook please fix this problem and keep improving !!!
I have to uninstall and reinstall app multiple times a day because it freezes up and quits working.  With my reinstall this morning, I am no longer able to select "most recent" to sort posts by.  Not happy.  Very close to dropping Facebook all together.
I love it no problems , its perfect!!!!
Good
I love this app. Every one should download it. To communicate with others
Good job
Its a developed and updated app which runs more smoothly and faster. :) but don't  know why it slows down my phone. Please help on it.
I want the old version. There's no VOICE MESSAGE AND ACTIVITY LOG sa New Version :3 bring it back please
Newlook . I love it
This is a great Facebook
Good
nice
I love it but im. Confused
connecting people...
SwapniL
Slow
Nice
Every time I go on it forecloses I can't do anything the upgrade was actually a downgrade.
Facebook
Good
Wish could stop every game request easier. Still some slip threw
Just cant say any thing about fb......
Really love it
Terrible
Cool ! ;)
Great cool app.  Ihab Elsabagh
This app sucks I wont talk good about it because. It sucks
Good app
Since this new update my app forcecloses just about every time I open it and the most recent news feed doesn't load half the time.
:-)
Bugs need to b3 fixed
ramesh
nice apps
very Fine
Consuming a lot of power..please try to make it simple like google plus app..good updates..keep up
Facebook.
Superb
Some times too much straked and slow then am disapointed after restarted
It runs smoothly.
Very fast programe
Superb
Love yah!:-)
High
I love the new design. <3
consumes a lot of RAM. Please optimize memory usage.
This app is so cool
Khan
I loved it
Aades ozarkar
Mohan
Won't let mi save fotos sent thru message
Marvellous...
Recent updates have made this app much better
I love facebook or fb
Ultimate
One stop.shopping. News,social activity and games.
Latest update s too bad.... app strucks a lot.... suddenly force closing nd too too too slow...... please fix dis.........worst update......
Best face book
Nice
<3
This new update freezes my entire phone most of the time I open it. If it does decide to work, it shows me stories from 3 days ago. Ridiculously terrible updates lately. Dumb
Good
Great to see other and family.
So very impressive
Good
So cheap ugly..... Every time i open my profile it says force close every time......when i comment on a stuts then it says force close..... Tooo much laaaggg tooo too much slow......i have no cheap n ugly word to use for it.....uninstallling
I love fb
Nice
I don't have to wait till my sister gets home and has time to mail me a few pics from her trip to Italy! I can see daily updates from friends and family as they occur! Also, posting the positive things in my life teaches me gratitude, and by sharing the tough times, I gain support and encouragement from friends and family who are far away. Facebook is no longer a trivial hobby. It is now a necessary part of life, with most families and friends scattered across the country, and in many cases, the world.
It's about what you'd expect! There's a couple little things that keep it from being the full Facebook experience, like no link previews in statuses but overall pretty good. They do they to change the layout from time to time but I've never seen one I thought was just flat out unusable.
nsejg
Bad perform
Porter-Sussie
best app ...
bad  apps , it close automatic and does'nt saved history
nice work
Mstt
Very...slow opening on fb so do not using
im waiting in 20 mins
I am g
I like it very much
Good..   :)
Cool
Its great but I need custom privacy option in posts/pictures/statuses like its available on the personal comouters
like  it
nic
Krishnamsharma
Good
Very nice face book
Drim girl
Unknown error -24 when I try to install
It takes a lot of space and doesn't work well it makes force close every 30 seconds .. I don't like it
Yeahhhh...!!!!!
Super fine :) :) Very helpful :) :)
Full of time pasa
The update takes the ability to post pictures in comments away. Why? That's a step backwards, isn't it?
Super
Let review
Selinda
It's hard to update..!!
Its very slow in MyPhone Storm , Lag . When i Update it , it keeps on Error .
Great
Go.od
excellent
Nice
Thanks Facebook team, enjoy it !!
Awsome
life
Screen freezes when I open the app and randomly opens after I hit the home button, still frozen. GS4
I still miss some features from the desktop Facebook
Your update makes it more like the Google Plus app= complicated to use. ONLY reason why I'm about to reinstall this is so I can share songs I listen to in play music because I can't through the mobile site
V nice aap
So bad
Facebook
Works great
Error stating video can not be played and closes it down.
Like it

Awesomeupdated
Htc One V
Its a good aap but does not uses GPRS why?
I really like it
It's a good to use.
Very nice the new version of Facebook
Love this app
Its better but seems to be a hog
Like na like
This app is the most storage hungry i have in my phone
But their is no improvements in speed at 2g.......
Great keep it up.
I love fb
I love face book
Loved it
Get used  to app then it changes every other month
Ultimate
I like it because I can keep in touch with my friends and family.
Wonderful @pp
This does not need even Facebook Messenger.
Live it
Faltu
Very very ...nice
Awsooooooom
Better
Not for it image but for uts android app. Had to develop a lot
Crashes when I open notifications please fix Amazing app for the exception of this bug
Amazing
I am using this app for a long time. Now facing some problems. Now I can't tag anyone who is in the group. Only friends are allowed to tag not others. Its causes very problem for mine.  Another big issue is, I am admin of a large group.  I need to review the members all time need to frequently baned some members. App didn't allow to find a group member by name. I need to scrolling down and found the name which is sometimes not possible.  Please add a feature of search group members by name.
Easy to deal with
Can't stay away
Great
Its really so fast
Excellent i
wash it man
Good
i love fb
Videos are auto playing even though the setting is turned off on my profile and app. I don't want it eating my data. Also no one uses top stories, just remove it and only use most recent. App developers need to read these reviews.
It works. ...
I'm satisfied indeed. Thx
Facebook
HERE IS AN IDEA FOR TOP DECISION MAKERS   ((((( Language translation ))))))     let's bridge that gap guys.
Awsme....
Best social app.
This is what I do everyday, learning new tgings about ppl and connecting with old friends and class mates....
Things got better
Good
I like it
Good
Sedih jika tidak brsedia bila dugan dtg melanda keciwa Bila selalu lalai dari itu Jalani hidup ini berlandas kan quran dan Hadis pasti akan brjaya tapi jika hidup brpandukan hawa dan nafsu kelembah hitam kan dituju
Good job
Good
Cant comment using pictures in comments
Wow super freakers
Its the best.
Lyk it
Nice app
Ya its good to engage wit frdz nd also to find ur missed frdz!!! So quickly login nd frdz ur best buddies!!!
Its very nice
Lived it
Loved it
Good
I give 5 stars
Awesome
Superb
Idk why the others hate this app but it works just fine to me 
You get to talk to evary boty it is gust awesome
Love it.
Everytime i open the app..i see the previous days statuses with a couple current day statuses mixed in. And everytime i try to watch someones video it freezes and force closes. DEFINITELY NOT A 5* APP!
V.good
Super,chiar nu am nicio problema cu aplicatia. Am samsung galaxy s plus
Good. Nice apps.
Update jew sampai 21 mb...mcm pantek!!!
because of that we have a communication with family  and other people ... :) fb: eam acir zurc
Great to keep In touch with.
Superbbb
Nahh
Very good
Not bd
Superb
Great
Munesh
BORY
Asik loading je asl lmbap sgttt??
We can meet old friends and new friends we can talk each other and get good relationship between us
So bad!
Like like like...
Boring
It's ok. Won't let me down load
So Nice!
Superb app guys
Love my FB
I don't get the updates never.
Dwilliam756@Gmail .com
Ever since the latest update, I can't open this for my Note 3. It told me to delete the app and reinstall and now it won't install. Thanks for nothing.
Pretty good app
3 star
Tall
Greats
No problem
Good....
Superb
Great
App is giving me under people you might know all young half naked skanky girls we only use for friends and immediate family, and no one on our page is like that
Can you please back to old version
Love this Facebook is <3 <3
can't be download.
Amazing
Trendy,reliable, faster nothing brings ppl this close since letters and telegrams during the world war
Good
Good, but please make it could copy texts in Fb to be pasted in another programs. This's important
Gertayreto leporro elfenegemeno seekji !! Saloes urtipert yao phone ebd teryiter iporstisopo tellresdlar aya respiretkior tkotkoter!!!!
Facebook..
Be the best among the best
Like to Facebook
I love my Facebook but i can't installed
Cool
Its okay :)
good
Ok
Good
Good
Awesome
Nice
Super love
I wish I could uninstall this update it sucks newfeed taking too much time even ... that comments are not opening quickly It sucksss totally Make it Correct ! Soon
Good
Very nice
it wont open
Dont like the fact it needs access to so much on your phone.  Want facebook on my phone but this is just rubbish. Uninstalled
Very good app
Make the possibility of copying something (writings) directly from the app to be pasted somewhere else.
I loved it...facebook apps is very good.
Baik sekali Fggh
But please fix the bugs..
Very fine
Excellent
I can no longer watch videos on my HTC vivid with the update. It always says unknown error, and plays the first 5 seconds of the video!! What a tease! Please fix and ill rate 5 stars again.
Honeybun
Nice app
Jasuria al gmar ayeyr
its better then all
Freezes when I watch a video or won't load the video at all
This is very super App
Fantastic
Cool
Fantastic!!!
YEAH FACEBOOK
me in Bournemouth.
Wow""""
You gotta have a facebook and you know it if you dont you Are not been part of the social web so please download....
I somewhat like the new layout, but it refuses to let me like things, comment on things and post my own status. If I do any of said things, when the page refreshes, its like I never done it. Annoying. I have a galaxy rush by boost.
Yeah
Good
Facebook is an all time fav app to stay connected with the world.. No need to read news or watch tv when u have fb!!
good deal
good.......
Why have we lost the function to see the feed in order of posting?? So when I refresh it brings up all new each time, why not just let me see in order!?
Previous version of mobile app  seemed to work better!
So nice
Facebook
Good
Always updating, but the thing is getting worse! Now i can't watched the video! Not same the old version!
I love it
Facebook
I love the app.
Great,but sometimes slow
Marta city
Make it look and work like the IOS version.until than,1 star.

i love over facebook plz add downloud option
Love it
Whenever I open a chat it relod my timeLine
Esta bueno pero le falta algo que porfavor sea muy bueno y es poder cargar un juego como pool live!
Where is the Most Recent button?
Too gud
Jhakas
good
Love it
For some reason my news feed won't up load
Ioo
I will say that this has gotten better over the years. Still not as fast as it could be, sucks you can't even sort it by the most recent posts. This app is still not living up to its full potential. All the space it uses doesn't help either.
Bad

<3 (y) <3
Cannot move to SD card and it took up too much space to begin with. Each update is at least 20 more mbs
i cant live without facebook....!
AWSOME
Ali nawaz birhmani
All the best...
Overall performance has been improved since my last review but still no tablet version
Speed fast
Samsung  Galexy not
Instal pc latest version
Slaba rakiq
It's working Good....
Number of friends summary not showing on friends list.Whene we are browsing photos ,profile streaming late.Using more space by FB App.
Good
Love it
Awesome 1 for frnd to get together at home on fb....
Dude it tooks long time to display an image so please work on that...
No recent and top stories choices and video cant downloaded..fix this faster and ull get 5 star back.
Pls.. can u solve my faceboo i cannot install thanks..
World
N
Good para sakin. Maganda siya kaya lang kung naka open or online palage.  Mabilis na lolowbat phone ko.
I like this app
Thank you
I love this app
<3
One of the best app in the world
This is a nice app to interact with the friends even during busy hours and it reminds me of the friends birthdays and wishing them. The only limitation of this app is it consumes much data.
I would highly reccomend  this social app to all.

Manager
I just did the new update and now the app crashes and closes shortly after opening.
New 1 is Best
nice app
Bad
Very good application
I have FB for Android and can't look at posts in my timeline that are in most recent order.  If I change to most recent, it skips a lot of posts.  This is very aggravating.   Please fix it!
It's ok
Good
So hard to use
Gud onr
Facebook Nice social media
It takes up way to much space just to update!!!
It's good
Best app
Ilo e
Nice
Facebook
Yeah boi
TRUST d TRUTH
Cool app....
I just updated this and it has crashed 3 times in less than 5 minutes.... Worst update ever
Nice app
Easy yo work
Good
it is one of the most awesome network.
Forever
Time paas
Love it
Works
Give us back the option to view our wall as most recent OR most popular instead of just popular. I for one don't want to see 3 month old post filling my screen because someone liked a comment. It wasn't broken, it didn't need fixing. I don't care if you can view it like that through feeds, leave it a main screen option.
Good application
Fb in PC is so much better than in phone
Vrushu ki shadi
Krish..na
Greatest apps
It has been fine but lately I've not been getting half of my usual notifications hopefully it's my phone HTC One M7 xxxxxxx
8=D
Good
Just love it
always Force Close! bad!
Awesome
I love the up dates
I  HAVE  NO  IDEA  WHAT  I  WOULD  DO  WITHOUT  MY  FACEBOOK  BUT  I  CAN'T  SYNC MY FACEBOOK  TO  MY  ANDROID  PHONE  HELP  ME  PLEASE !!!!
Great app
Kisses
Ok
Is good
Wow
Very  good
Its not good
So slow...
Gud app
hm
Really a good application to use and chat with friends........
Newwwyy version is owsum
Love it
Asks update often but of no use n updates won't replace previous version either
okay
Cada vez mas pesada y cada vez consume mas recursos, por obvias razones ahora consume demasiada bateria, p¨¦sima app!

Please add multiple account login fetures
Make most recent default.  I don't really care what happened 2 or 3 days ago. I want to know what going on now please
bettr then nothig
Loved It
Its great
Who cares about top stories or what have you. We only care about most recent postings in news feed. Seems like they are doing their own thing they don't listen to the user's any longer.
A+
Not a bad
Its good ............,..-:)
Love to choose this aap
but now , when I go see a page or a post on my news feed and then I get a message , when I check it and want to go back to the post it will just get me to the top of the news feed. And I want to set the order of them myself , I don't want "Top Stories" , I want the "Most Recent" so basically it's kinda annoyinvg
Good
Facebook awesome app
Nice app
Good app
like fb
I think Facebook is a good thing to talk to your family and friends
Thanks
It doesn't allow us to see how many shares we have on a post on personal pages & we can't see the post feed on the pages we've liked as we can on the PC. Those should be FB 101 things that shouldn't have to be asked for.
Ang ganda
Thanks face book
Please put a way for me to sort my posts from Top to Most Recent please.  If I have to see the same posts for DAYS, I will just stop ising Facebook.  Stop running tests on the public!
Love this app
Connecting friends
Good :3
Good app
Too hard to download. Please fix this. :3
Facebook is a time killer application which can appear global pollution. Pls stop  using facebook ...... :(
Mawil San
semakin di per bagus tampilan nya
Great update
I want it back!! top news feed is useless to me. as unseen posts often end up lost below it,
ILoveFacebook
Its virus come in
Gud app
Wander how good it will Bee

Good and always up to date
It wrk fast
Fb
Needs to stop updating all the time,  9 times our of 10 its all the same or with s little change plus it kept saying I had a notification even though I don't so I have had to delete it and disclosed it again
I can't tag my own page in my status! Fix this and 5 star waiting for you.
Hate the feature that other videos post when you try to watch just one.
So cool
I think this app is absolutely terrific.!!
Helps me reach out my friends
Well quite impressive
loveit
What happen to street viewer it doesn't work anymore.. Can't locate the person i want to know where he/she was.
It's giving me a better talking way
The best social network
Facebook
Awesom
Nyc application
Its dumbing down our kids and making adultery ok...but gosh darn it we live it so....
It always sucks
Mywife
Super
972420
App is better
Fabulous
Ahmad kheir
Very nice.
City cavite knw today
Apni gf se chat
Ok; though it takes a lil while to open. The App drains battery pretty quick if not closed after use.
Awesome
Lolouhhhhhhjjjhhh
This Facebook app is better than ever...
When I press continue reading the comments section opens? Get it fixed.
Very very very very very very bad and slow
Review
It's facebook
Once I updated the app, it can no longer play videos. Please fix.
Best
Love Facebook
super
This is one of the world's mainstream apps
I can not enter a group ... Please fix it ....
Gud
Excellent
Tnx
Loveit
77 stars
5 star
It keeps kicking out after 45 seconds!  It started after I updated help
Why the heck I can't change my name!!!!!! Help me please! I don't want to deactivate my account!
Hi love
Its amezing app for me..
Very good app to keep up with my family and friends
If I could give the latest update (8/7/14) a tip on 1 of the Stars for a rating that's all you'd be getting... It would have to be one of the WORST updates you've ever done and you've done a LOT!.. I admit it!.. I rely way too heavily on this app and I'm almost at the point of completely giving up...Take every complaint that everyone's written and times it by 100's and it STILL wouldn't cover everything that's wrong with this app... I hope someone comes out with something else, and soon!.... Galaxy Note 3
L
Best apps
Wala lng.
Ok
Good app
so cook
I've had several issues in regards to my Facebook application not performing. Many times the application would freeze up then foreclose. For the past 2 days whenever I first start the Facebook application I get a message telling me, "your using an oder version" and giving me the option to update. Whenever I click to update I'm taken to Facebook in Play Store however there is not an update. PLEASE FIX!
Very nice
Its a great app but its size is large which makes me think a hundred times before downloading
Excellent
hey
Love it
Must download facebook for be in touch with friends and relatives .
Time pass
The pages feed only shkws about 10 stories and no more.               view most recent news feed: swipe to the right ( the settings page to the right of notifications). And go down to "feed" to change to most recent.
Good App
Hey u told dat we can hit like either we r out of network for previous version but it was just fake.
Saloo
Keep going
It is good cause you can talk to friend and play games
Love uploading pictures n luking @ those pics of someone whum i hv a crush on ..
Itz.. just awesome

Best App
Chat
Nice
Goldleaf
Great....
I love it
Its wonderful
Nice
Very gud
Zakkasss aap
Very good
Good stuff
Why does facebook need access to my sms? Uninstalling...
Super ji
Fecabook
Its really an amazing app....we can see n lyk anything just by clicking on dat....we dun need to wait for loading every time as we do in any browser if we use in mobile
It would get 5stars if i could get to play farmville2 and not just the one created for the mobile
Good softwer
Thank you
ANBE SIVAM
Its very slow
SIMON WILL
Love it
Cool
I can't see new news feed,, I can't dwnld any video from facebook,, after 2 days I will receiving only old news feed from 2 days ago.I can't adding photo in coments,, useless app. Very very wrost update,, wtf with u
New version sucks.  Opens just fine, but then closes when you try to do anything.  Uninstalling!
Just like whatsapp but little bit different from it, anyways, its a very gud app...
So good
Working much better now
Appp
No problems
CHERRY
Constantly needs updating
Ok
suks up all my internal memory doesnt show me mst recent n quite oftn i cnt read my pm's prefer da older versions. takes ages to upload pics n vids tke ages 2 play very annoyn initaly thrt it was my ph so gt a new ph n still da sme
The best .
Slow app
Like
awesome
the lastest update is shit app keeps closing
Phone
its ok at least i dont have to go to the facebook website
I do love the app
Exellent apps
It really.....works..fine
Doing business on the road as well as my home, this app gives me one more way for my customers to reach me.  Love it!
Awesome app
My Facebook turned to timeline without asking me and none of my video's appear on my profile just my new's feed,so can't put them up to watch later and no one see's them unless online or go back in time through there news feed. Absolute disaster of an app!!!
Much better now
Nice
Lovely.
Bhullar93
For an old version
I good social media
Soooo gooood
Facebook
New Facebook apk is best
nice
Works great!
Nol
Its   cool
Won't let me see recent newsfeed
Still loads of bugs.. always crashed.. cant see images after the updates :(
Good
Excellent informer
Awsome creativity
very good
This is very important application
Yeap
Really nice.. But no alerts :-\
'Jh
Good
Nice update
perfect for socialising, but it has its problems
but everyone I know spends more time communicating through it than they spend actually talking to each other, so it has become a necessary evil in my life if I want to keep up with everyone.
very well...
I can't install fb it's giving me "unknown error code 24" been trying for days nothing. U wil get five star once you rectify the problem. Using browser is irritating and cumbersome.
Gud
Superb
Okk
Wonderful
Husen
I enjoy Facebook
I like it
By sopheap sin
Nice apps ....
Samsung S5
it good social site
Can't be open
Shahid
Wow..... !!!!!!!! Awesome........
Nice app but verry slow
Good
Thanks
mwklumat terkini..
love it
Takes up to much of my storage space and it is the only app on my phone
Good I Like it
Nice
Its now hanging, I no longer enjoy it
More advance require..
Superb app
This is bullshit,I cant upload some videos. Its forced close. Fix the bugs please?
It's ok
Sike
Love it
Ugly super
It is cool app which keep friends near
Can't even upload pictures and videos! Please fix it!!!!!!!!!!!
I love it
damoat
On facebook i meet a new person everyday
Whenever i open any page on fb to see posts it shuts down .... only first post shows and if i scroll down fb shuts down....  Plz fix this problem
Very good.
This is cool
Nice,but its need update every time ,please fix it
suprrrb...
Alflourplantad0
For android there is no button for "my notes" & hasn't been for awhile. My friend just got an iPhone & it's on his but from my phone there is no way to access. Please add a button. There was one a long time ago. Tired of asking for this. It's been months!!
ye lole
Good way to keep in touch with friendship and epic games
GaNgStAr 626
Dickey
Khan
Yofacebook is that we connect with our friends

Dont give a code numbet
Great App
Good
This app is very enjoy & loved it.
Still can't have most recent timeline when app is opened. This makes it dumb. Its Saturday but I'm reading posts from Thursday. Wtg fb. You still suck. YOU SUCK!
Disgusting
Facebook
U dun have to comment or rate Fb!
Fixed
Alec
Awesome
Nice
Really much better now
Super
Thanks
I can not sort my news feed to be "most recent" by default. Used to be able to do this but cannot any more. Having to scroll all the way down to more on the right is NOT a solution to this issue.Please put this feature back in. If you can do it on the website you should be able to do it with the app. Clearly Facebook does not employ intelligent people in its app development department.
Lag when it comes in installing
I hate when i have to scroll down to get new notification n mesgs n. News feed
This app working very slower ... :(
my  fb. account  has  problem
LOOKING
Can't watch/open videos on my Sony Xperia Z2!! Fix it please !
cannot open it after updated!!
Could make it better by allowing to copy the text in a post through Android app
Amazing
Facebook
$iebie$
Super
Armaan
Good
Beautiful experience
good
This application is very simple but never stop to use it although too many application new
Simply awesome for any phone...
Can't reply to specific comments in posts. Can't believe ios has this but we don't. Sort it out Zuckerberg
Love it
ok
Ajju
Great
Waiting for christmas night
Super
Mmm
I love this app
Nice
Really like ^^
I can see people thing
nice aapp
Ok lng pero prang medyo mbgal 2ng new version
Good Luck. FB. Gud gud...
For the time being FB seems to have worked out most if their issues and the apps most annoying default shortcomings can be disabled in settings. Sadly still no easy way to batch reorganize photos into albums after you've uploaded them from either the mobile app or desktop website.
All is well...
AWSM
Ok
Maha  Bekaaaaaarrrrr apppp
Application because we no need to too go website
GOOD
Always useful
not so faster than local browser
Mba uranium lennox ppm megan
Nice.........apps....
always error plzz fix it
Cheque
Nice but need copy option for text
This app won't even let me login.
Perfect!
meeting new frnds
Owner
Nic
Good
nice
Superb
Suka lelet
Good update version...
Good
Cant see latest news feeds .. :/ on top
Nasir
Its very good platform for me
The latest version crashes frequently.
I think its popularity speaks for itself
Excellent
Soujanya
I love this apps
Love it
Ok
Waw
Requires too much access....government spy tool
Game
Ill give to star because there's something wrong uploading pictures it canot upload 30 photos 12 only... ?? -_-# Fix this Please !!!!
Good
i want to reinstall my previous version it was better than this
Doesn't always play video fully. Keeps cutting out. Apart from that all good.
Can you make a another version for Facebook Messanger ? Can you please add a Video Calling ???!!!!!!!!! :-)
Very nice app
Vry gud
Goodnight
But some time crash application
Nice...
I love it
Facebook
good...
I love all of them
Superb
Won't work so how can i give it a good rating
Thanks
Nice  but it is vary slow ... make sure next update will improve it
Yeah
Nice frinds reach in evreywear
Hariram
Its a vry gud app. Helps in connecting friends staying in different corners of the world . Services are also gud ..but if  u dont update it ....it hangs down frequently ....this is only the disadvantages of this app....neither i love this app ....
222141576
Crap app
Nice 2 chat with frnd
During acces this app feel good experence.
Getting better
Arthi Rao
OM NAMAH SHIVAY
Nice :-)
There is a problem,the text are not copy from the application so fix this problem and give the option to copy text as soon as possible...
Please include the block & report option.
Meeting new friends and getting in touch with old friends. .....that's awesome.
No words to say
Ola
Can`t choose betweet most recent and most popular.I`m sick of watching my news feeds from yesturday.  When someone send you more than 6x pictures in the chat,you can`t download more than 6x...
Vry gud...
i can log in my acc why
Cool
The apps is so nice but still have bugs fix it...
Nyc
Itz popularity says it aLL
Good
You have reached a new low with sharing via phone. More clicks instead of less to share!  I HATE the changes!!!!!! Quit fixing what's not broken! Change it back to its previous format and then you'll get 5 stars.
no very good no copy status..
I love it
Nc but problem
Good
Facebook just takes tooooo much storage on my s2samsung which I am really disappointed in
nice
This app is good super faster
It was better earlier before the update
Facebook
Awesome.......
Excelleny
Great wonderful
Ain't nothing like Facebook
good
Nice but it takes time to save photos
Awesome application now run smoothly in my grand duos
Nice
Good
amazing
All problems removed after up
Could we add the option to reply to specific comments like we can on the computer?   I would also like to see the app stop randomly flying to the top every 5-10 minutes and have the ability to tag pages on the app (again, just like on the computer).
super
I like it.
Nice
Great
Mohd kalam
But nit open fast
Good
Its awesome
Awesome
The only problem is that there is no option to download image as well as videos....Would hav given a 5 star if it is fixed
Try this apps!
Wow
it's ok but i just don't like the thing that it always says an error everytime i try to share some videos i found posted by my friends. Fix it and will give it a higher score..
No wonder every mobile devices or Tablets have this app. (y)
Gud ap for using fb in a easy and effective way
Its very good
5star
Nice app
Any time I scroll through my news feed and come across a video it freezes up even before I get to the video. Please fix.
Nice
Wow app
!,,
Nice
Good
Permissions
fhgjv
To much memory and data usage
I wished I could edit the privacy/hide my specific post to a specific person. Just like on the PC.
Just update
This is great!
Love?
Superb.....
I can't play games anymore and get help with friends. Keeps running all the time. Signs in and out on it's own. Fix it please worked better before update. I can't answer messages from fb or sync with my apps now.
Good
Notb¨¤d
nice
This latest update of fb sucks as it keeps showing force close or report message whenever i try to log in:-P I am reporting for 3 days now but they cant solve out error or can they?
Can't  do without it
Love this app awesomeness ...
Very god

Excellent
It's Facebook enough said!
They fix one issue and cause another. Video errors constantly.
Needless to say anything about fb.now a part of life of everybody.
Loving it
Good
The most awesome Social app after watsapp.. Wud give it 1o Stars...
nice speed
Just good
fatta.
Good but after a user can't copy the Post text .  So plzz improve this issue.
Superb..
Jn
Latest news feed now missing completely! Will have to try another app even though they're a bit ropey!
Its the best app ever
I
Teek hai
Sobrang malupettt
Ok
KamiKameez
Its brilliant
Shweta srivastava
Cant update
Amazing! :)
Good
Pls improve the application so that it can be transfer to SD card
Very  Very nice
Very good its fast amazing!
I am loving it...FB rocks.
I Love it ;D It is a Perfect apps. :D
Its
Impossible to share as private message
Loved it
Excellent
Hi
I absolutely HATE the fact that if I share something, I am taken to the TOP of my feed... Or if I put my tablet down for a few seconds to watch something on TV, or if I decide that I want to READ ONE OF MY FRIENDS POSTS!!! I know where the top is, leave my feed alone. I want to read THIS article, not be scrolled to the top in the middle of reading it!!!! I wish the App developers and Mark Z would get their heads out of their backsides and LISTEN to what we, the users want!!!! Our Feed, not your Trending cra
Nice page. ..
@
Gr8
Hai
Best way to connect with friends and family
The fb is so popular it exist in the phone memories and does not reqire to be downloaded
I love FB
And Slow
Good
Manish ahuja
Reliable...awesome app....just needs a 3G connection to send u off dazin'!!!!! Keep it up guys(the creators of this app).. :) Just waiting for the update now.... ;D
It's quick and u can bassicly do the same things on the app aswell as the origonal fb. It always has updates to make it better which is good!? :D
Mind blowing
Love u
This is awesome!  Fast and more advanced . 5 stars from me!
Used to be able to save photo's to my phone, residually great for when family posts pictures I want. Now I can't, and gave to have them messaged or emailed. Also want posts in chronological order, or Atty least be able to choose most recent on top.
Ravi patil
aply the reply option pls
Sirra yaar
Love it off course.
Nice
I think this version it's good, better than last version
Very slooooow and forceclosing a lot. :(
Yiup
Improved a lot.. Thanks developers..
Facebook
Duh
I like this application ..
Why is it when you download this app, you gotta give them 100% access to all of your personal info...like your contacts, personal calendar, text messaging,  ect., ect., EVERYTHING IN YOUR PHONE!! WHY?!! What's my personal info got to do with there stupid app?!! My info is private... its kinda like what under wear your wearing...its nobody's biz, or so I thought anyways!! I will NOT update the app anymore....unless FB stops this BS!! Y'all are invading everyone's privacy!!!
Looks great works fine except for the fact that it freezes and throws me out every now and then. Please fix this so I can rate it 5 stars
The best way to get friends in touch .....:)
Masyadong matakaw sa memory, can't upload moreeee!!!  please fix that i give you five star
Hello frd new version update
Good to comunicate
I'm very happy with Facebook
Because of facebook I finally spent enjoyable time with a very especial person, I only have to weit just19 years
i like this app...
Cool
My life
no comment
Excellent app.
Dissapear while scroll down. Please fix it
Good working of the social web and world famous fb
This new version is vry nyc......
Love it
Nice nice nice nice nice nice nice nice nice nice nice nice
supar
No sirve
Good and job well done
I used to like this app before buying e970. The FB videos don't play on this phone. App isn't compatible enough to support videos on this device. FB lovers don't buy optimus G. And I request if FB can fix this.
Guo
Bad app update... too slow
Just got it and I LOVE IT!
Wow
Great to stalk 
I love f b initiative,  thanQ.
Super
Cool
Hutka
always crashes on my android 2.3.5
Love it
My 2ed life
It Works Slow So Therefore , I Hate This App Now.
I like it!!!
Good
Goood it works and fast
Fun to keep up
Good
House of fun
so far so good . thumbs up . (y)
Good
Eating our valuable timing
so much better thanks for the update
Love it
Colorful
Perfect for me and easy to use
Facebook has too many people who report you. Facebook is full of fakes. If you have a Facebook deactivate it. Facebook is fake and stupid. I'm tired of being kicked off Facebook.
Great bitches
My news feed, notifications, and other things isn't appearing it keeps saying unknown error
Bad
Fix this. It keeps freezing on me and it's really getting annoying please fix it before I delete it.
Wonderful
I,love it
Love it
Mani.DMS
Sometimes when I like any post it says post may have been deleted.Hate it

Cute app eva
Good app
Lovin it
My feeds come in crazy... Instead of getting the current ones I get the ones from the day before. I have to hit the like bottom twice. And sometime I don't see my comments on others statuses. NOT GOOD!!
I can not see new messages or send messages on the app. I have to go to my web browser and see them that way.
Thanks
Love it
V.v.v. good
The app has become very slow .! My internet is quite fast yet it takes forever  to load some images . REPAIR ASAP
Ill try
CANT SORT BY MOST RECENT ANYMORE.  Since the last update, my phone freezes. Can't get into Facebook at all now. We can send a man to the moon but can't fix Facebook.
It's great for personal and business use!!!!
Better than d previous one
This is an amazing way to keep up with my friends and family all across the world. I love it!!
I think its mind blowing.
Always stopping after 10-20 seconds of playing - Xperia Z2 user
Awesome
i like facebook
Cool
oklah
Great way to stay connected
Just like the majority of people using Fb on their phones, I would like to decide what I would like to see on my newsfeed. Why the hell would I care to see posts from 2 days ago. What happened to the "most recent" option? This app is getting more and more frustrating with every update!
Nice app
On tablets, it seems stretched.
Its okay but its kinda slow ?!?!
Facebook
Great!
Awesome
Its good
Nice
Easy to use, easy to upload photos. My problem is I have little internal memory and this takes up ALOT of space, and I can not move to SD card.  Won't be keeping on my phone.
Can talk to frens easy
I love all
Hi from Kayla
Really annoying!!! Pls fix it!!!
Business Administration
It refuses my password half the time. I typed the full name of the site I wanted. I guess it didn't like a military site as it would never find it. I had to go to Google, find it, log back in from there to access the site.
Love it
Pakistan
Nyc
Sometimes it takes forever to load when Im in really good service but other wise i like it
Asowme

Good
The best ever!
It works great and doesnt force close anymore!
It runs slow sometimes .. Fix that .
Lol
Itz amazing...... U know why ???? Simply our friend are forever wid fb
Like,like,like,comment,comment,comment and share,share,share
Very good
Its just OK.
Seems to be getting a little better. I like some of the newer features. It does still cause my phone to freeze at times but no where near as much as it used to.
Please Facebook! I just want to open the app and see the' most recent' view. So does nearly everyone else.  Is it really too much to ask to have it as a default?  The app crashes a lot too. Generally badly designed and written.
Good
Why? Why? Why? So sad.
Love my Facebook !
I don't want the top stories!!! I just want the most recent news!!!
Its great love it!!!
speed and performance wise its better than before.
No worrie
Zet Rguez
awesome
This is. The best stress reliver an to make friends an share story's with family I love face book
Bleh.
Its awesome
huh
I don't wanna see the top stories...I wanna see the most recent (I'M SURE MANY WILL AGREE). It just makes more sense to view the most recent stories throughout the day, rather than what FB thinks are the top stories. Now it takes even longer to see what is new with friends. Fix it!!!
Facebook is really popular and doesn't really need a load of good reviews to get people to download it. However, because it's a free app and a free service, the engineers aren't too concerned about fixing the bugs that millions experience every day. Plus, with the billions the creators have made due to it's huge success they're now getting greedy and wanting pages to pay a fee to keep it going. Seriously guys, do you have no morals? Is the billion you made not enough? Greedy!
Print-true86@hotmail.co.uk
Noob
Good
I just loved it!!!!!!!!!!
Good as well as other
Love this app
It was good until the last 2 updates. Fix it! Fix it now! Cause it sucks! Mark- update: it sucks again! That last update fucked it up, freezes all the time, taking too much memory too.
Slow. Wont scroll smoothly like last update. And ive never been able to watch videos.
Keke
CAN SOME BODY CHECK WHATS GOING ON ? I HAVE REQUESTED TO CHECK THIS ISSUE SINCE 25 DAYS ?  THERE IS NO RESP IN LAST 15 DAYS....PLEASE FIX ISSUES WITH VEDIOS, UNABLE TO PLAY VIDEOS IN ANDRIOD MOBILE.    IF I TOUCH VIDEO I AM FORCED GO TO HOME SCREEN AUTOMATICALLY.    I TRIED SEVERAL TIMES STILL THE SAME UNABLE TO PLAY VEDIOS IN ANDRIOD 4.2.1 VERSION.    PLEASE CAN SOME ONE REVIEW AND FIX / HELP
It makes my facebook even faster
Like new version
Its nyc
Nice
Facebook
Dislike it. Please update
Nothin betta than this
Can not select text
please update, i still cant make a custom privacy wall status, its either public, friends or "you only" options.
Great way to keep in touch! Found family, old friends, and made new ones.
Nice application for facebook
its like a online vrsion...
but 22MB? seriously?
Facebook
X all HD good meeting m mein them hub tum Bhai
Nice app
When I play video it stops.
Now it won't even open after the update, wouldn't let me log in until I upgraded, now it won't open??? Wtf!
Oke
Very slow for chat
nice  this app
lots of memory consumption. My phone hang up and always force to closed
Yo yo
after the update it always closes for some reason. what is happening? needed to uninstalled and reinstall
Loveeee
After update, I can't play videos properly. The videos keep freezing but the audio still carries on. Please fix, it's really annoying. Update: Force closes every time upon opening app.
meet expectation
Jk ft
why i cant install in my phone
Terbaik lah
Common fb!! Let people allow designs . . Colors etc !! Themes for fb!!!! Please!!!
Best always
I've been having trouble with this app for almost three months. Nothing loads and everything is in all the wrong places. Seriously. I'm so frustrated. Fix it. Just fix it.
Facecrack
Good one
Why!?
Like
I can't even get the videos to play wish I could undo this update really upset I can't
B)
It's running very fast !!!

good
Hate to say this but this is unnecessary
I cant see the pictures ...not updated.fix please..
This is wow
Deepak Vohra

cant photo save & no video downloading.
Not good
Great social app
Can you make it so we can have certain people see your status?
Thanks so much... nice...
I love Facebook
Anyone else notice a pattern here between between popular apps first they break YouTube with a update now facebook and also turns out they break twitter with a update stuff like this needs to stop from company's
Yyyyyyyy
Nice
Facebook
Used to use alot
My only way to communicate with my family .. love it .. just needs some work done on the app by that i mean i keep getting a message cant download but other then that fb is good
Meh, it's Facebook
Slow....itz too slw...in loadng pics...n status n pic uploads...too...
It is a good app.....
Koker
Like it
Very easy to access and Operate also
Naidu
Cp memory  eater
Good
Hjank
nice very good
Plz tell me how to add new friends.......
cant leave a life without facebook.... thanks....
Great app...
I love it
Love u
The most popular app and social network..
Please help! You can serch real Minzy from 2ne1?
Very nice
Great
Works faster and better
Use too much space in phone storage... Drain out my battery
Constant updates, but no improvements!  I HATE how my news feed is all over the place...no order whatsoever.  Please make it good, then leave it alone!
It started sucking after this recent update... I'm not impressed.
Love Facebook
Why can't I use Facebook with Wi-Fi? Until then not using it.
Now we can stay connected through our mobo as well.
Frankly spiking developers ur app is too poor for low end androids..... Takes huge memory to operate; runs at background unnecessarily ( even if i'm off net) causing memory shortage & makes d phone slow;no presence of fully 'EXIT APP' feature.  I wander why GOOGLE made u a top developer.
Awesome apps..
Facebook is great
Excellent work
Always got my love ones in a minute
Please repair: editing privacy, auto scroll up to latest news in newsfeed when just wanted to go deeper in time and see what happened during last week.
It takes up too much data in my phone. 111MB and growing. And it never shows current posts. Just random posts from random days. Stories from days to weeks ago finally show up
Facebook
Sean felizes como quieran vivirlo
App
Makes it crash! Uninstalled it. I'll go on using my browser.
My battery life is dying since it updated yesterday I mean great app but when im not using it an its taking my battery change wat ever is doing that
Great!
Awesome.....
Love it
I give the original download five stars, the update however receives zero stars... I had to uninstall fb then reinstall original in order to get rid of the update.
This app restarted my whole phone -all by itself. Extremely creepy. Then again, you have so many permissions,  that your app can probably turn my phone on and off remotely. The developers dont reply to feedback but want you to send it to them for any problems. They are happy to use your data to advertise but dont even try to solve your dilemma. I use my browser a lot because this app is really bad. Initially it was great but they've developed it past whats necessary.
IF YOU LIKE USING FACEBOOK DON'T UPDATE Cause now mine won't work!  If these people can't do their job and fix these problems, FIRE THEM, and hire someone that can! This app never works right and every we update it, it gets worse, this is ridiculous!
It's ok
The best
Made the mistake of updating, now it doesn't load & constantly has issues with newsfeed, etc
Awsome
Family's and friends contact
So slow my phone is fast but its so slow
Definitely one of the best apps!
Pastor
Privacy is nt getting changed to friends...
Pune
In the new update photos are nt saved shows error while saving photos
Poor ... slowly ... on new design UI
I flat cannot get videos to play with this new update.Grrrr. I wish I would not have updated this app. It was working fine.
Pretty Good
The new facebook update is making me so mad. It keeps closing my windows!!! Its been messing my LG keyboard up also. I hate this new update some much. I'm just wondering when y'all are going to get it together. Seriously thinking about uninstalling it for good.
*****
Please everyone stay safe and turn your location settings off or when messaging people they can see your exact coordinates.
Succs
It does nt show all the updates evrytime , i dnt knw why !
Amazing
Ram ram
Loved it
Easy
Jhj
Great

Very good app
Good enough
Its very good to use
Dear fb you think you can experiment on users by showing content you think you can. by making money and changing human behavior.  Then you are very sick. BS lies.
After latest update i cannot see pictures or load videos! This is RIDICULOUS!!!
Didn't work at all
Dood that was very good version but that version was an large version because in my mobile I have only 225 mb space plz make the next version short but cool
Can't even see what ppl post that day or the past few hour's. It always shows 2 or more day old post. It sucks I have to wait to get home to get on my laptop to see new updates.
Loved like a loved song
Haidarjuneja
Nice ! All time favoritez
Removing Kendall Jones photos because of why exactly? But then you allow a Kill Kendall Jones Facebook page? And this doesn't violate your policy on violence? But there's dozens of pages dedicated to fights. Shame on you. I would give it 1 star but I actually use it so you get 2. Fix your cafeteria style hall monitor nonsense.
Great
hilang boring
Hm nice
Plz make your app movable to sd card . It occupies Hugh memory space .
Need I say more.....
It's the best
Kai kam nu nathi navri nu
I Like It *_*
wew
UP FROM 1 STAR.
So slow.
Its Cool
Very good app
Sometimes my pictures won't load and i just updated it a few minutes ago and it took up EVEN MORE of my memory.. Please fix this and I'll give a 5 star!!!! UPDATE: STILL takes up waay too much memory!! It takes up over 100 MB on my phone. Please fix this and I will improve my rating. Please!
Terry Lynn Levee
Mr
Hi  dis is too much ..
Nice application
Any options for Malayalam fond? ....not able to read and write.....
MoonDesire
I like it
Aon sirc
GREAT
Love this app.
That it is so slow in my cell so plz I wanna to update my old one
.yea
N
me
Awesome Aap
My sweetest Angel
Love it
Nice app
vikas
This app sucks now! I get one it and then it tells me force close!!! FIX IT!!!
It takes too long to load and at the end crashes.
it says 22 mb but when i finished downloading it .  it consumes my internal.memory up to 70 mb.. it keeps.my.phone lag and load slowly
World's Best socializin tool!
Omg i.love it
Ole
Guru-purnima ki sandhya- satsanga vela evm guru-go maiya kripa prasad vitaran samaroh me Aap dharma premi mahanubhav sapariwar laxminarayan-gurukul-go sewa sham me avasya padharen (12july Saturday 5pm to hari  iccha paryant). Sabhi ko agresit kren.(forward to all). Jai shrimannarayan.
Wow.oromiyaa.baraeduuuuuuuu
="))
M love
Anytime I open Facebook it goes off
Fun and funny!
Found a lot of long lost friends and family thanks to facebook
Goot
Thumbs up
It is so fast and easy to use and we cannot live without facebook
By appearance alone this is a great app. But i am honestly tired of seeing old stories and having my posts deleted even though they said they just uploaded. Total failure in my opinion
Goooood
I like it
good for wen you have to check facebook but it keeps force closing wen im not even on it
One
Nice
Lovingly.......
Like it
This app im putting on better not be worse than this crappy one I already have!! I once really liked fb that was at least a year if not longer! And  i only had a junk phone now i have a samsung galaxy 4 and every stinking update sucks worse and worse. I always thought it was just the phone until I finally read other reviews!! If gets worse I'm uninstalling this app! This is not worth the stress!!        7/10/14  OK i hope this update works better! Tired of it slow, freezing up or crashing!!!!
Every time I open The app it stays just fine while in The news feed. then I click My notification panel & Facebook just shuts down. Why? Can it stop?
I love face book
Keeps crashing. You need to fix the things you have added on there before you add new things. Sheesh where are your brains at in the unclean fish tank?
Very Good
Ok
Cheque
I must search for the comment ... it should mark it itself... and i should be able to reply to em ..mentions..
Liked
Gut, gut.
Old version i can download videos from fb when i click it. But this new version i cant download video. I want bacebook manager can to be download video  this new version.
Beast
Awesome app
Its alright, like the other version better.
Family & friends I Love :-) :-) :-)
Social media ob the go...
Nice App..
Loved it until recent update now I cannot even access Facebook! It keeps saying "unfortunately Facebook has stopped" or Facebook is unresponsive! Wtf! Fix this!
easy to communicate with family and friends. love it.
New version has a problem with wake lock, was draining my battery even when the phone was locked and app was closed. Uninstalled and battery drain is back to normal.
Kept gliching
I like it
Good
Shame
Works fine ! I like ur recently updates but one thing still not fixed the REPLY TO COMMENT
Since new update cannot watch videos. Just leave it alone already. Tired of updates. It was perfect before! Now it's all screwed. Keeps forcing close on me. Uh frustrating!
Awsm
Facebook has created a piece of crap. It used to be good but they spoiled it. The app won't even update statuses or anything for me any more. I'm not sure how they think this latest rev speeds things up. Bloated & trying to do too much.
Thanks......Facebook
Please fix the video player in your app for xperia Z2. I also have my Samsung note but its playing perfectly
Need more improvement
Keeps me from boring myself to tears
Facebook play's very important role in connecting people worldwide
Can be alittle glitchy on android.
I can't watch any of video.and it's automatic updated. I loss my all data package
This is one of the best for Facebook.
Nice app
I like
With last update. Increased to 133mb from 56. Freezes, loses its place when switching back.& forth. Started out as 19nmb. Just sick of it locking up & having to power org
Adipoli
The aw
Really like Facebook but since this morning it does not work... please fix it every time I log in it logs off by itself
Uodate7/10: so, I figured out that it doesnt work when on Wifi...data no problem, but in a week it uses 2g of data? Im not even on it that much. Not sure what happened, but for the past week and a half I get errors when logging in. Says it fails, then sometimes I go back and it actually had logged me in (bit of a security issue there I'd say). But then even when it did log me in, nothing loads. On Note 3.
Nice
Ok
I can communicate with my friends and family members.
i love it
I give it 5 stars ;)
This is a wonderful way to keep up with friends and family that live out of state
It wont let me go to my spam massages or anything
this is an amazing thing for people to have on their phone. It works great.
Loved it
Idc
Its slow and doesn't respond
Bad updates
Why can't they make a decent app?
Why are you using too much internal memory storage way over 100MB that's outrageous!! It says on this app 19.91MB what does that mean?? Please change this or I'm uninstalling this app
do you want me. Get it now
Why again  and again update this
Where is the 0 star?
Nice app but having a problem when me open the photo it will not work and give not responding result plz fixed it  ..........thanks
very good apps .
Love it..
Awesome
Love it
The app was great but now to much ads
THE NEW UPDATE IS AWESOME . GOOD WORK FB TEAM
We'll see how it works!
Nvm it uploaded
Now I can't choose the latest stories first.  It's just on the top stories.  I want to see was happening just now. Fix it
I berate garnish
Awesome
Awesomeness
Good but you should've given a option of editing/removing of comments....I'll give you 5stars when u do it..
Sweet
Till now
Lk it
Cool
App
rob,Lvov.jk ion,I all my farrand UK
Very good app so much fun and much more...
Won't allow me to sort most recent post
Bad app
Excellent application.....
Sunil Chopra
Great app for everyone
The new versions are good but I really miss the older versions
Superb
Cant update, it say app error, wew fb is too heavy in my fon 80mb
Good and fast comunication.
It takes too much ram. And also storage.
Facebook is awesome
It's very good
Awesome
Good...
Liked it
I love fb
Grt app

Amazing now I could talk to my friends during summer
It keeps telling me that I have notifications and messages when I know there is nothing there.  There is no way to sort the news feed.  I'm not happy with it
Ok
won't load, I'm Back to using the browser since I updated. I've done everything even factory reset.. fawk you Facebook
It Is a little slow
Device history and apps running! Yea right... Explain this permission in the what's new section...
Very Slow
Better before updates
Like
Easy and friendly to use.
Awesome
But this app crashes constantly.
Mandypandy
Only wish that it would show top stories that are recent. Not from two days ago.
"FB" GREAT NEW FEEDS!"
Love Facebook!
Awesome *_* <3
Very useful
Nice
For the last month fb won't let me upload videos i have no idea why but whenever i try to do so it just freezes
Good..
Good
I luv fb....
Good apps

Wow...
Like it
It's crash in xolo play
Works great!
I like using Facebook for connect for all my friend
Enjoy. Frends. &  famalie
Argentina
I love it
Lol ppl go to most recent if u want to see recent posts
Great App
I would definately give it 5 stars if it stop crashing intervening and also have a good speed!
lovelyyyy
I updated the app today and all the pix and videos are non hd! I am very dissatisfied with fb at the moment... please fix this
It an awesome app
Five stars !
Explorer
Easy to use
Nice
I didn't update my facebook, but it forces me because sometimes this app is always crashing. Now that im dl-ing again. It says the 'package is invalid'. Fix pls.
Love it..
This app is a mess how can you be so incompetent!  A company that has billions can't even pay for decent programmers! Screw you FB!
nice app.
Perfect
Facebook
Mehmood
It's easy to use and i had no problem with it
awesome
Nice
It's Facebook :)
last update suck!!
I get notifications, I can message, but news feed doesn't function, groups don't load properly and I can't access the notification by clicking it.
Ok
Its OK definitely can be improved on.
I like this
App keeps being non-responsive. Hopefully the update will improve the function.
While we read any long post (which says 'continue reading') of a page and when we go back than we came to the recent post directly but we want to read the posts which were posted previously...!  So plz make sure that when we go back after reading the post.... We must direvted to that post itself
It works
I could see the update request almost twice in a week!!! Those many changes are really there??
Super updates.. Gud job!!!
Don't use it much anymore I think its out of style
Love it
Love it!
Hate new update
Good
All the time, God is Good
Fb
Thanks for this application
Are when you do it will say its wroung but if you know that that's you password or username then there for it should not be wroung and shoud send you your password and user if you dont know it that why i havent been on there and i dont use it no more.
This app is easy, convenient and fast!
Game
Peggy Watson
Great update!
Good
Absolutely HATE that the news feed is sorted by popularity and I can't change it to the most recent posts. Seriously, who wants to open their FB and see the same exact thing for the first 10 posts for days straight? Boring. Also, can't view events. It shuts my FB down completely.
not really its shit
Its d best community i have ever. Its all about urself. However there must b sone to to download the video uploads. The admin must look into the matter
F news feed
Love it
Excellent
Thanks
Very good at your fingertips
Wowwwwww:-)
loading ability of this app is very gud while the consumption of ram is about 80 mb.
It's great!!
Raymond
FINALLY!!!! fb app is starting to mature..
Pretty good jist dont like how my feed jumps to the top when im reading old posts
Great app
It works lol
Ok
Why so many f*****g permissions, come on, theres about 30 of them. Whats that all about!  Facebook app always has loads more than any other app. Taking the p*ss
Awesome
Its facebook
It
I love facebook and i am getting the update right now;)
Won't start problem has been resolved for asus tablet
Gooddd
Love it
Constantly refreshes feed on its own so you lose what you're reading. New update does not let you see comments on posts you're tagged in our have commented on without finding the initial post. Pain in the butt... Enough to make you take a FB break! New update please. Droid Maxx
I like facebook because u can text and call ur friends
nice
Nice
Since the last Facebook update it just keeps freezing n shutting down  fix it please
Would like to be able to comment on a post with a photo from my phone....wtf....
I like it but it always freezing
App works normal again. Copy and paste statuses would be a helpful addition
Awesome
Awesome

Anta
Awesome
Verizon Motorola Droid Maxx Android version 4.4. Great app. Low on data usage unless watching videos. Sometimes won't let me load news feed
Facebook
I love my face book
this is amazing! i always go on facebook  on phone and computer!
i hate now using mobile fb , the more it update the more mb size is added to it, the result is lag :3
Lags....freezes,....too many problems ....am considering deactivating my account ....not very Droid friendly....very disappointed.
Love it!
Keep coming with new updates.
love the old one more
Love it...
Phishing and using this information to track users habits, political comments and subsequently attacking your device..
Wow ! ! Congratulations. .....
Keeps freezing phone. Very slow to load. The turn off notifiation option doesn't work. Awful
Last update is horrible stop trying to force control over my feed I just want chronological updates
after playing, it will automatically close.
Now a days Facebook become part of everyone's life.....
Great app!!!
I get hacked a couple of times. Other than that its descent.
it says i need to update but when i click update now nothing happens and i can't use the fb app now  :/
Like it
Cool then,Myspace
This is a good apps
Smooth
Nice...now becomes basic need of a person....
The new update It tells me everytime that : failed to login check your internet connection but my internet connection is working good please fix this and il give 5 stars
Chat delay, frequent shutdown,so on.
Its nice to have!
New updates cause it to constantly freeze
Love it but posts on wall are updated slowly
It's just way  better than the old un-updated version.
Can't show pictures 3:-(
I love it
Hay Dear
Terbaik
It's an awesome app
Great app!!!
Your family life better than your business life
Love it
Its freak in awesome!!!
Love Facebook then you need this app.  Simple to use .
In the News column mostly I get interested in a story then have to tap for the rest...I get "something went wrong".
Please give option for setting most recent and top stories other wise app is looks good plz fix it as soon as possible
I liked it untill it start freezinq my phone. !!! 
Very very good social network.
Good relationship with  friends and coligus. I wish to Facebook thanks
Perfect app
All this stuff
Nice App
I don't want to see what someone posted three days ago over and over again! Chronological order PLEASE!
It's Facebook
I'm lovin it :D
It's really great to make New friends on fb
nic
Is crap
i would give 5 stars if it didnt take too much memory and when i use it. While facebook is setting up what is all that extra memory used up for? I have to delete some stu
Sunandanasree
work nicely..
Ncy
Saya suka...saya suka...
Why won't it load when I'm connected to WiFi? When i turn off my WiFi it loads fine. This sucks something needs to change.
no good
I Luv it..
Avarage performence this aapp
Very  helpful !!!!!
I am getting an error while updating this version...
Unable to save photos ....
But can be improved
Electrical
Like
Works Fine
Good
yes
Super slow and crashes.  Cant load
Y
Slow downloading
Its a very good app but I can't download videos like older version
Its at  -0%
It spam me. facebook has stop working . In android 4.3
I Love it
Its there when I need it
Brilliant
Good app
Stop making things difficult, where are messages and settings in this new version?
works   most    the  time
Facebook
Super very useful app
Tiqwanwoods.
Overall Gr8....
I like this app you now alot of people
Very nice
i can't play vods... fix it pls
Nice
Facebook
Good but want to improve and its take too much MB's to run
It's amazing
Cannot get to update new up to date facebook .please expkain why
Go hard
Fantastic app
Thanku
Great free social media app !!
nice goood speed
phorn
Good nd awsum
Love it
Good
Social Media
HUL QIAZ
Trying
your cool :-)
Awesome
I love it, I stay in contact with my family and friends real good!!!!
good
MAKARA KFC
When i open video, app closes ...
It always crashes by just scroling down to the news fix pleas
The best social network
Need to fix. Not allowed to like.newsfeed manipulating needs to stop
UGLY BITCHS FACEBOOK MADE BY ILLUMINATI
People and more people
Loved it good work nice app
Love
Great app no complaints
Awesome!
it halpfull
Love it :)
Videos constantly crash on the world's largest social network on the world's largest mobile operating system..... Why... Both my galaxy tab and xperia z1 have the same app error 'video cannot be played'
Iloved it
Love it soo much
Awsome
WORD.
Of the women.
Good app beter than the rest of them
Okay
Working like you guys know what you're doing now... Lol!
I m not an android expert. Just need to know why fb app occupies so much memory while its still display  with 22.33 MB.
I upgraded to 12.0.0.15.14 from 11.0.0.25.24...... I prefer the last update before they introduce all new problems. Compare iOS to any Facebook app, android or ios, and you would agree. That should speak for itself. Forget the daily updates. Wait for the last one...
This update is not working too much space used in my phone and I can't open Facebook I will wait until you fix it
Download this version means fully time waste.....previous version is better then it...........:-X....
Asome and a good way to get to Facebook
Nice app ever!! :D
It's always closing on me
Cool app
So far so good.
Yoooo
All
I love it.
.tf
Cool
As long as it's free&you don't want to draw over my SDcard. Seems OK.DON'T LIKE NEW STYLE.
New App Very Naice
Good entertainment apps
Facebook
My phone is nexus 4 and why can't I get the new Facebook outlook on my phone
Good
Awesome
Beautiful
Facebook app has gotten too slow to be practical.  HTML version much faster.  Uninstalling.
Cool
Got it a few years ago and loved it.  Its a fun, easy way to, communicate with friends and family. So worth it.
It is really useful app
I like how quick I can add friends but how do I manage them
No Most Recent as default option? You guys are downright ignorant.
Abdul Rasheed K
So cool
samsung
Terrible. Good for nothing but force closes.
Have trouble starting app.
Great app
I see there are problem s. Too much people not happy. Well I have say I not happy. Because there is always problem now. And how come it is so much update need it in one Monty time. Why is it alway need it this update s in one year time. Really how much and why. ?????. What is yours problem. That we all always need update s in so short time.  And if or when we do there is more problems than it what's befor we have. Is it not should be fixed the problem s and not make more. ??? Really stop this no stop update
Before the July 8 update, my feed would update in about 15 seconds; now it takes 5 minutes every time. I know this because I have been timing it. Undo what you just did please!
Amazing app
Uploading videos causes the app to act up. It's very annoying
Friend and family
Just another Facebook update thats better to people all around the world
Keeps freezing on anything except scrolling through. Can't 'continue reading' long posts. Needs fixing fast! Edit......... Just rebooted, seems to be working for now.
This is awesome
Love it
Pipen
Good
Nice
Love this app but it is slow
It sucks
Previously this app was a crap but now it is very good after few updates...
Ya
nice
Since the update, I cannot upload any photos except from my "camera roll". I cannot even see an option to use other albums. When I go directly to a photo to share,  the photo won't upload, it is only as a regular status update.  Please Help! :)
Friends
Excellent
With all the money they have you would think that they would have good programmers but no they come out with worse after worse update.
works fine.
Love this app and all the cool things you can do!  It really helps me stay in touch with my extended family and friends!
Facebook
Calls,for,free
Is it when i click a vidoe it says "video cannot be played an error has occured"?????up dat it please ( . )( . ) 8oo8's
Here we go i really liked that app but it slowed my phone down like now its really slow and somtimes my phone does whatever it wants too   tha app is too good not to download its cool im ok facebook and u guys  are awwwwwwwssooooommmmeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee......mmm.....uuu..................$!!!!!!?!?!?!!
Its the best
Good
Very fast use this one
Great application. It's easy to use.
Cant comment or post anything just keeps aking me to try again.
its good
I love this app
Super love it
Miami Florida ?
Have used this app many times pretty good
Great app
OOOOOOHHHH YAH YUH!
i was having old app for facebook which is now updated... when i updated it from then i am having a problem in video downloading.... in that old un-updated app it was easy to download a video.. but now there's no option for downloading... when ever i click on video it open nd cant be download.... i m using ADM for downloading.... plzzzz help me.......:(
I miss the old Facebook 
Don't like how the news feed is sorted.
results r 2 good
I love facebook im addicted i tell u
It's great..
Nice
Updates till SD card is full updated now won't open reinsalling grrr
I like some things about it but I'm removing it because the news feed is useless, only top stories, impossible to see the latest posts. Rubbish!
Yaaaaaaay
Very baaaasad
Good App
Loving it!
Fb is awesome..... I get socially inclined whenever I want!
I love this app that i got i think you will love it to
Renee Lang
I can't do a picture commeny on my galaxy s2. Please fix this
its guud
Getting better......
Its nice but not able to download fb video.. plz make it mors ezy
Loved this app till last update. Now it doesn't work with my ASUS tablet at all. Please FIX!!
Good
Great family connection site
Loved it
I love it
Terrible after update; doesn't load my news feed, what it does load is usually blank... won't show comments left by other, etc. Please fix!
Since the last update my emojis aren't popping up
Cool app. Pretty simple.
Zabi
good aplication
Good
Meh, like what it says, it's okay.
Moshe
Does freeze at times but its good i like it....
RAM eater..
its really annoying that you have to keep clicking most recent as its not set as default! also it keeps on freezing and crashing! worst ever update grrrr
Love it
Better to use the browser!

Impossible to use compared to Web version. App doesnt show current posts at top of feed only posts that are days or weeks old. No option to sort by latest. So totally useless
Every time I try to watch a video it crashes.
I'm getting so irritated with this app it doesn't work at all
Love it 
I hate the way it looks u can see anything u use to. And u cant change it to most recent uploads it sucks.
Nice fast android apps..
Is awesome,because u can find friends and family.
1985
Im woman who loves the lord with all my heart i trust God .
This totaly fake. This is not for android. This for tab ediot makers  Make it esy.
Wow
Wat a joke mark bro???  No Recent Post option??
Rhid is amzihmg
The FB App sucks the status updates are 6 to 8 hours old! I'm uninstalling teh App!
App sucks!!! Used to love it now it force closes on me all the time
Need support for android l
good
Fb all day! My life dude!
Lg 415 or 416 ,pictures dont load of my profile or that i uploaded,but show on other phone
I always found this good,useful and smartly designed. Thank you very much for the contribution . Go ahead !
I like thiz
I just hate fb. Only have it because society demands it at this point. Your a "wierdo" if you dont. But I am extremely vocal in that fb commits illegal psychological experiments on its users, without there consent, and justifies it through their standard user agreement. Dont allow yourself to be manipulated.
No option to sort the recent posts and top stories.
Super easy!
We're bout a see.
I enjoy fb....
This app is fun when bored and its helps get news faster
Keep it up :)
This newest update makes it impossible for me to use. I don't understand why a messenger and camera comes with it, it takes up too much space. We should have the option of whether or not we want the camera or messenger.
Fantastic
This is good app but not excellent thats why I gave it 3 stars
Fab xx
I can't connect to Facebook through ANY of my apps! So annoying!
Would rate 5 stars if you could set default news feed to most recent instead of top stories.
Slow response
I love it too
ILoveit yeah!!!
A must have app
I usually use my PC to go online whenever I'm stressed out.. But when I discovered about this app... Everything is munch easier especially chatting,respond requests and information... Thank You So Munch
Its not updating! I cant view my recent post in instagram... and everything
Best
I Like it
Bug** not playing video
Facebook
I hate the latest update I can't watch any videos on my newsfeed.this doesn't even deserve 1 star.Kindly fix it.
Wonderful
No comment
Love it..
It is not  slow at all  it also  depends  what  phone u have
Galaxy note 3
Its awesome,I give it a wow
Next version of Facebook.katana
Besides being a resource hog, something is always changing usually for the worst. And now...Why does Facebook keep telling me to update my app?   I even tried uninstalling and reinstalling it, and it is still doing it.
Joss gandos
Majeed.afridi
I love the app and use it all the time. Even more now that I have a smart phone!
There should be different little gadgets on the app itself..
I should be able to look at my news feed in order, not mixed up
Thank
I would like to know why most recent is not set as default. I am tired of seeing posts from days ago First. I want to see most recent firsts
After Getting Updates day by day...

Awesome app
Uninstalling,ever since . The recent update it crashes
Suck
Very nice fb
Daijoubu
There are a few issues here and there, but it's great improved over the last year or so.
Its cool..
Oh yeah
Great app, does the job.
What is the purpose of turning off post notifications I'd I'm still going to get them. I don't wanna have to see every post of someone else if I turn it off
Terrible update. Worked fine before.
Uniendo al Mundo < fb sin fronteras>
Facebook
I immensely dislike "top stories". When I'm checking Facebook, I want the most recent stories on my newsfeed. I still use this app as it's still leaps and bounds better than the mobile webpage, but the constant having to change screens to get to something I used to be able to sort by automatically is real annoying. Please let us choose Facebook!
App is great, smooth and easy to navigate. It would be perfect if I could move it to sd card since it's over 60mb
Facebook is my addiction <3
Fb rocks!

Samantha
Whats going on wont even load
Good app
Yes it's OK. Slow, glitchy, buggy at times. Just OK.
To many updates plz stop every other day facebook has an update
Cool
Loved it<3
i love u
i can't download this apps, and recent breakdown.. Its already have in my handphone but when i was log in NO MORE this apps
It good

Great free app
I just got a new LG G2 and facebook is working wonderful now!
Like
Difficult to choose pictures and sometimes slow.
Chinlong
No recent news feed.
Facebook
nice
Sucks balls!!!!!!
Instagram is better
Why it charges all messages I already saw in my pc? :/
Why..since the update can I Not log into my games??? Hello?
Adds polls to pages and communities.
Worst apps ever!!i can sort my photo when i try to upload new photo...
Nice
Lovely
Alright
Gabrie kinawari massawe
Gud job
This update has to be a bit complicated,  yet better,  but why update soo much
Very gud
Love this app, it helps me ignore my wife and kids with no problem.  Thanks Mark!!!
With the new update and layout all I get is OLD news feeds. Why can't I just have the most recent on my feed???
I cannot install!

:):D:P
:3
Don't update, trust me
I want an option where I can select specific people to hide my status from. Also, please bring back the most recent sorting option on the main page. No one likes it the other way around.
I really enjoy using this app but the files does get bigger after update which leaves no room for new app but other than that its great
horrible
I will not update face book they are asking to go through my calls and the identity of my phone it is not right once face takes it off then I will update face book but until then I rate face book a 1 star app
Ok
this is awesome yr
Why so much memory? Not all phones have space for 75mb!!
All good
But plzzzz make it moveable to SD card.
Yes
Excellent
I've had no problems with this app. It's good to have when you don't have access to a computer.
Faster than before..
Face bok
& sweet
Come on. Get it together.
I
Poopie
Love it
Facebook don't like hiring black people
I see many reviews saying can not choose MOST RECENT new feed. You need to open the far right 3 lines, scroll down to the bottom, select EDIT FAVORITES. You can choose to receive MOST RECENT there. :)
Works great
I like it soooo..... Much!!!
Enjoy seeing and talking with friends..games..sayings..stories..videos..photos.love love it...
Naima
App facts
Seriously. I can't update cause you app takes up to much space.
Facbook should put tick feature on friends list to make it easier to delete friends
Works better than mobile, but takes up allot of space in my phone & runs slow occasionally.
It's going well
Easy to post and easy to handle
Great
I don't want you in my life, my phone says I have to keep you installed though so I'll just hide you.
My gosh can you p eople get this right! Ever since the last update I have a permanent notification that says I have a message.  Guess what? NO MESSAGE! Uninstalled and installed again, sane thing! Why is this so hard to get right?
needs the ability to copy the texts from the news feed screen
update korte korte matha kharap hoye jabe amar
execellent
heeyy
I love Facebook! B-)
Its not that bad i like it but it bugs a lil bit but not that much
Where are all my friends posts?
Allow us to use custom privacy settings on posts.
Either FB says they have privacy settings but really don't or I get hacked all the time and someone resets my settings.
Love it
I just updated the app and I can't get to anything. The app was just fine until I updated and now I have to delete it :( Reinstalled works good
Sandra M Rivera
Love it
I like FB so maybe I'll like it better than before. Thank you. Donna Schmitt
Starting two versions ago. Moto X Facebook stops responding to anything. No scrolling. No action.
A lot of the features won't work. Quite frustrating.
It's Facebook... nothing speciall...
Its good
Terima kasih

Sometimes  crashes
Happy much...
Newest version lost a lot of features that I like
Awesome nipps
Loved it
It keeps offering, at the top of my feeds, to change the language settings. I've canceled, changed language and did everything, but the annoying thing is still there!
Pictures in my news feed take A LOT longer to load now after the last update.  Wish I could undo the update.
Very good
Lovin it
Excnt
New update is not working well ..very slow ...
Slowwwww
Every time I try and watch a video it fails even on 4G or on full wifi
Facebook is great ilov t
I wanted to send multiple pictures to friend's timeline but wouldn't give option
Hate this new version still
LambretozZ
Average
It won't even load up.  The screen stays black.
ADANTE292812
Love it !
Makes me know what is going on around the world, face book gives you your lost friends, number one in information.
Just click and there it is awesome
Facebook
No option to watch videos in HD like in Apple's iOS:-(
This is good
Great app
Since the last update I often see the GPS kept on (the icon in the notification bar) and when I kill the Facebook app it disappears so the culprit is known.
Fantastic
Haven't had problems ..works well
Update has made a problem, It won't play videos
its okkk
Changing my review brilliant app
Great social media
Does not work well. Freezes.
I love it but jo use nai krte unka I'd band Kr Dena chahiye. .
Facebook is ok
Spectacular
Very nice but vey slow
Yes its awesome
awesome
Excellent!!
Cool
Its totally all about everyone. Ans everthing
Since the last update the app doesn't work. It's very slow and the news feed is what the app desides. Notifications comes late.
Why i cannot install Facebook ? It says here duplicate server authority.  Aishh
The new update is horrible!! I can't access my list of online contacts!'!
Thanks
Awesome
How do you uninstall latest update? I accidentally updated all my apps, now fb won't connect to my fb games on my device.
:)
I like that its worldwide
Very good
Hbbyj
I'm so amazed for the new look
I miss out on a lot of things because I have to dig to find recent posts. Allow us to have our News Feed filter as most recent by default.
Chanel
Outrageously Awesome
like aloat
This  app is  awesome 
Great
Decent app these days.
Fb needs to be able to be moved to the sd card. 22 mb at first then jumps to 153....
The only way you can contact your friends if you don't have their number
Good
It's cool
DO NOT UPDATE. Constantly crashes i can no longer access facebook on my phone now. Waist of time...
Goooodddd
Kool
Ogie d pogi
It's kind of slow when reporting apps.
And it keeps crashing and lagging.
this is a great update but it should sometimes it force close
I want to see recent stories, less battery drain, & the ability to uninstall. Work on this and I'll you a better rating.
Its working very good tje only problem its ise too much space
So very nice :)
Best of the best
Update news
Helped me find lost friends & family.. Thanks for building this app.
Gr8
Niceee
Its a Great way to communicate with people
This is the best app when it's your birthday
Very good
Reinstalled several times and it runs great for a while, but then it refuses to open at all
:-)
Thanks
Verity to meet the world
Very good

I love the Facebook app but I can't upload pics and if I try the whole app itself stops working so I have to uninstall and install again not good please fix it
Crap. No choice on news feed.
Not bad.
Facebook
New version is too all over the place. Want old version.
why only save in phone memory?i want to save in my SD card.Very bad.Uninstall
Excellent
This is best app ever by fb...
Can you make an app that is friendly to the ROM?
Dont really like the new update :L
I love this app
Upgrade
After latest update. App keeps saying phone has no Internet when it clearly does have!!!!!!!!!!!
super love it
Facebook
it is what itvis
Create something new for us, the teens, bc its boring staying there like no i have better things to do

Great app. Super user friendly and really convenient!
I unloaded the app for a few days and took a FB break and my battery didn't due in 4 hours. It actually lasted a day and a half before it needed to be charged. And I have the extended battery. Anyway to make this app better with regards to battery use.
Fabulous!!! Love it.¡î¡î¡î¡î¡î
The Best Of The Best
Geet
Moves nicely with my Nuqleo tablet
Cutboy
Social app
cant connect candy crush since the update...
Ok
Love it
Easy to access but sometimes crashes
Like singLe
Better than before its now faster and easy to use
I'd like to see the posts in chronological order. Firsts feeds will show posts from a couple of days earlier. Please fix that
This is going backwards not forwards facebook. It has been rushed and not thought about properly. You know the problems so fix them Quickly and fire whoever put the go ahead for this apps version to go on the market!! Made a great thing worthless. Fix it or lose to rivals on the app market! Good luck
Needit.
Aon
Now after last update ..it refuses to open !!! ..Dunno what happened since i joined beta testers..it started to stop suddenly ..i un-install it and re-install after leaving the test and still crashing :(((
Worth Downloading x
I like to use this app!
Updated now gone crap and crashes all the time.
Nice
Like
Love it
Love it
This app worked fine for me until this update. Now stuff will not load, freezes, crashes, will not load my notifications or will not leave the notification section. This use to be my go to because the one on my iPad does the same thing. Now neither one of them work. Wow just wow what a let down. Why can't Facebook just leave things alone. Stop changing everything.
the thing that upsets me is being used in studys and our activity followed and who knows what else they have on us without tellin us
Love it
Het is heel goed maar krijgt voor mij de 5de ster als ze de taal ook in het fries doen hoop dat dat snel gebeurd of uberhoud gebeurd
Slooow

it's good
Nyc
:-)
Face is wonderful
I keep missing things relevant to me because Facebook thinks I should see other things. I missed my sister's pregnancy announcement.  How is that not relevant to me? Bring back recent stories default!
Facebook
Really handy at helping me keep in touch!
Love it.great way to keep in contact.with friends and family every where
It doesent want to install
Nice app! Like this app very much . It worth it and useful. Thank you!
Addicted
Wont let me get on it !!!!It tells me to uninstall it and then install it-.-
Its ok
I LOVE FACEBOOK!!!!
Sumitmanjwanibajrangdal
I love to chat
Im so addicted to facebook its nt even funny
this app has fatal problem when "continue reading" pressed
Give us the option to have the most recent stories display by default. I don't want your algorithm picking stories for me.
I can't copy or paste text, I think you should consider this and improves it.
osm
Great
Can you fix the login failed . When I login into my facebook account . I always get that login error .
12300123
I like face book and face book companey give me a new life in the world  this s a good parsonal and god is give  a long life this parsonal thanks
Ok
The set up is a little hard to navigate.  Use a lot of storage/data
Notifications won't appear when you click to see them. Utterly amateur
The app must have an option to make the most recent news feed as default... Going to the side bar every time is ridiculous!! People with mobile data also suffer because first the Top stories loads no matter what and then Recent stories which we actually want... :(
Facebook
Cool!
I lyk it its awesome . Vry intersting
Facebook always seems to freeze then crash on my phone. I love facebook and I use it several times a day every day to keep up with my family and friends. I would give it a higer rateing if you will fix the bugs that make me have to reboot my phone EVERYTIME.
amazing
Hi ....I love You Facebook
Awesome
My greatest disappointment is that one cannot move fb app to sd card. The menus and functionalities are somewhat limited compared to pc version.
Best sangat......:)

Love it
It has me reconnect a lot, but works good otherwise
Cool
Not bad. But how to get "most recent" newsfeed?
Fantastic
Make most recent the default
Just got worse. Latest update functionality a big fail.  We still want RECENT posts NOT TOP STORIES as a default option. Even recent stories defaults to top stories now. Back to a third party social media app.
Wow
The Mic of the phone
Works well.
It keeps showing you only a few friends the same stuff. In order to see whats new you have to search your friends because the news thread doesn't show in the  chronological order. I really wish FB would fix this! It also drains the battery. For these reasons I don't. check it as often.
Kinda cool
Keeps freezing after scrolling through the news feed and won't work again until I have restarted my phone!! Maybe a higher rating if you bring out an update that doesn't make the app worse.
Problems at times when trying to view my newsfeed in most recent order.
I think that it's nice
like so much...
Poway. okaay
It's not working
Don't fix It, video doesn't play keeps saying an error has occurred.
Cool
I used to love Facebook, but all the updates have brought the quality down by a lot, and the statuses were getting annoying too. I rarely use Facebook now, maybe once a week.
After new upgrade, videos are getting crashed while playing in Facebook. Pls fix it.
Awesome
Jamees
Can't go a day without Facebook!
It's a cool and a fun way to keep in touch with friends u can't see all the time
When I refresh my home screen, I get booted out of FB.
Sucks. Won't load 99% of the time.
Love Facebook
Best
This is the first time, I've ever had a problem. The app just constantly crashes. Takes a few times clicking on the app for it to work. This was all after the new update. Please fix.
madd app thats all im sayin
Florence pease
Sach hub of th Jeff of
Very nice
This app is awesome but still slow
This Facebook apps not so good legs on stuff always gotta log in an out jus to see my updates .. plz fix this or make a better Facebook app
Fastest
Nice to stay in touch with friends nd family
Twitter is where it's at now!
Now a days;it is really more improved
Very nice app
good effort
I wish it had a edit thing for how ur feeling otherwise its a great app :)
It has been of a great social site for me. An update on birthday reminder in notification would be a plus point if added. Rest I think it's pretty cool.....
Before update was good. After  update nothing works properly. Now i am going to unistall update
Excellent... this application no doubt.... but how can i upload my videos....
Avg
Can't make timeline stay on most recent... I hate seeing old post
Nice app <3
Too much tracking ability for what
It's a great way to keep in touch with your friends and family who are far away from you
feel wow to tide
I love all the new updates!! So much faster!
We really need the option to BLOCK PAGES. Yes Im fully aware of not "liking" / "un-liking" its more for when you are trying to be in a discussion in a comments section and being harrassed by these "Pages" because they know they cannot be blocked like individuals can.  That would be a wonderful option!! App overall is pretty good. Thanks!
When I want to copy any msg,shyri in fb post,this cannot done.pls give option to copy the any msg by long press touch..this facility have not in giving your fb icon.
Military
Constantly force closes
WTF... why can I not see comments on any posts unless I go to the page the post is on?
The new update sucks!! Can't send messages. Plz fix it quick!!
Love fb
Years later that year in which is not password
Kool
Fun
Ex
Its great..
Guptaji
Good
Loved it
Better than other one.
Great app
Nice app
I don't think no one can do without  Facebook
App works good for me I only go on Facebook to talk to my loved ones and friends that I haven't seen in years I'm satisfied.
Grams
Screw Facebook and the fact that they spy on you to gather info on you
Good
Not bad...
That is good
Kumar
Better every update
Woooh
I love finding old friends and staying in touch, on a daily basis, with family and friends.
Very easy to navigate
Just updated my Facebook on Motorola droid.  Does nothing but freeze... CONSTANTLY!! Had enough!!
Nyce app
We all know facebook :p
Nice
No most recent by default option, no photo comments, no way to turn off poke notifications. I'd rather stick to the mobile web version. At least it has the first two options unlike this app.
The best.... Love it
Shahzaibkhan
Good improvement after update
Getting better and better
Just greag
It's too slow
Facebook is not responding, thats all I get
Plz fix it its a heavy app make it lite so that my device didnt hang fix it
No privacy as they claim
All good
It puts it out there quick
Horrible new update. My screen is now faded and is not full screen!
Awesome
Nice app
919
Management
facebook
Nice app no problems at all
Mirza
I really enjoy keeping in touch with my friends old and new.
Good job
Love FB, it has re-connected me with friends I never thought I'd see or hear from again. The app generally makes life easier! BUT as of the last update, I can't create events anymore! Please fix this!!  :/
The app is really slow on my device, and takes up huge ammounts of RAM :(. Also it takes up a MASSIVE anount of internal storage on my device, mainly because theres some dodgy dalvic files in its data folder. Please can you fix this, or at least explain to me what they do! Thanks...
Updates are suppose to make the app better. Not worse.
Nice
I don't care about the Top Stories! I want the most recent posts from my friends and family! Make that the default, not Top Stories!
No comments
Loving this app :)
It's ok.
Very intertaining very educating
Well i dont really. Have to say something really nice about this app its popularity shows
Good but cant look at friends
Good
won't let me comment on ppls post. Says some things wrong. Been 2 days now, what are you guys doing to fix it?????????
Vg app
Quite cool
No comment.
Wiko cink slim
Awsome..
Luzuki
Glitching
Well covered and helpfull
This is very nice
Yeah, new update has program working again.
Most recent posts should always be the default
I like this apps....very good.
I used to have facebook and it wouldn't load posts on my phone. I recently installed this app and it works! Facebook, what ever you did, it was the right thing!
I do like apple!
Very slow but its pretty good app to talk to friends
Good
Why the random adverts whenever facebook opens up?
notifications do not work I don't get a text or email or anything at all will give 5 stars when fixed and it says app size is 18mb and its really 66mb wtf
Superb
Having trouble since the update.  Freezes up then kicks me out
Now its perfect
:-)
I love this update it just made facebook look cooler
Goood
Some good Facebook.
Very good
T you
Better
Easy app
Quality media
Btoi
Always seeing the same news feed
I love Facebook but it does not only take up 19.?? MB its more like 110 mb ....thats false advertising
Always get a msg saying an error occurred while trying to play this video... Pls fix this bug.
Nice
Shehzad
Nice app.
786786
Good
Awesome!!!
Like it.....
All good
I can talk to ma friends
Messy, but beneficial
Good
Very good
Saqe
Uninstalling because of permissions
Bast fahcbook
Chris
My family and friends
Not the best fb app
No comment
Not working properly
Great...
81 MB in size, I can't move it to SD. Good by.
Ocm
hebat
Puff love it
New update freezes immediately upon opening. Won't let me scroll or anything. Doesn't even work when I force close the app and reopen it. Please fix. Note 2
Always closes and doesnt load fast. Horrible
Wish I could set to view recent stories  by default
Freezes, doesnt properly update, cant navigate properly without something freezing
Facebook
Postings
I love this app u can find old friends
It works for me
Love it
Best app ever
Thanks
Addict to it liked 99% off us
Excellent
FB is the best way to do the communication  with friends.
I hate that you have to hit back button to get back to my page. annoying!
This virson is 0wesome
Trouble loading news feed after update new version for android LG ms 770 on Tuesday 7/8/2014.... it's working good now after 2 times reinstalled...
Nice Facebook
Cool app.
A must have app for any smart phone.
When will you ever fix the newsfeed so that you have the option to select most recent?
My news feed doesn't update anymore no matter how much I try to refresh it. Pictures and videos can't be seen. It's frustrating.
This app doesn't work. Thanks for the update.
Updates are still sh*t Mr Zuckerberg
Crashes even when I am not logged in. Won't let me connect with my games either
Good to meet all friend have been lost long ago now got the contact thank u facebook
Love it
Poka
Cool
The new update is messing up my galaxy 3, every time I put a video it strats blinking and it doesn't let me see the videos.
It doesn't shut down by its self like apple products
Nice
Good
Fantastic app.
Uses too much data..
I love this; it helps me connect with friends and family.
Cant play videos, error pop up.
Can't live without it
Can't see emoticons on status updates. Appear only in comments.
Nice app and  all of u understand who is Facebook
It does what it should be doing, but I don't want to see what my friends like and I don't want my friends to see what I like, please facebook, this needs to be addressed
Lively
Hey Frnd  ths app is uniquie of other awesme hn yr
Undinceda ngoxhulumano nabanye abantu kwizwe liphela
Excellent app
Always make recent newsfeed,0,1,2 min etc,and Must not come  recent newsfeed.all time stay online and Facebook more battery drain/battery down quickly. pls do it offline then battery long lasting.....please do it fix....
Cgraphael
Change the news feed default to recent otherwise I can't find ANYTHING I'm looking for on my feed
:-)
Not Good Plzz Old Update
Nthing changes with d updates but d file size..
Great.
Ghozt
Matagal
Good
Good
A great way to stay in touch with family and friends.
It's a good app.
neatly moulded to mobile platform......
Ajmal
7
Love
Update nice
Not bad
love is version. Berry Good
I like.....
Every time it wants update nd very slow download pic  very bed
Great app.
Dr. Gregory Wright,
Facebook

Nic one
Nice
Good nice excellent
Love it lol! Omg!
Aside from occasional crashes (which are probably user error memory overload), the app is great! I use it more than the browser website.  Edit: with the last update, crashes have all disappeared! Update: with new setup it is even prettier and easier to use!
I own 7 different Google phone s and this is beyond laggy
Now I can't see half the pictures on my feed and video causes the app to crash to home screen.
Great
Its a gud.
Very nice
I love my fecebook

Nice
Nice application
amezing app new one is bit complicated bt still it worth 5* really grt app
Xolo mobile best performance
Ok, its official, Facebook broke what wasn't broken.... The app keeps freezing intil reset my phone
Love it
Love it
Mast hai
super
What God can do no body can do
name of son
Good
Awesome
Its OK
Cool
I love it
Gud
Its slow n shuts me out a lot
The app cant be open onc e finished update. Asus zenfone5. Please fix this ASAP.. Do you read this?
They take down photos of a young girl that hunts but will not take down the posts threatening her life.
nice
Need to make games like farmville more phone friendly
I have more than 2gb free of storage and this so does not install
It will be cool if she will allow me to use this app lol
The best!
Chat games an keeping in touch with family an friends.
I love this app. because its the best way to use Facebook. Make posts anywhere.
Love it.
Very good app
Alot
I cannot upload the photo in the comments in this update too.... have 2 get better
I am using the Galaxy Note Pro 12".  Pictures on the wall and even videos are so large you have to scroll through them ( I use landscape mode).  When you double click on them, they go back to normal size.  Please reduce the size in the feed !
Love it
Awesome
Just love this app
A part of life
Tis app is vry slow and nt good
Gooh
My world
Ugh
Good
Comment

Not able to copy text
Opera mantap
Nice.
Less easy to navigate around the app... Doesn't have that "Facebook-feel" anymore, thoroughly dislike.
For us
Last update....right back to the junk it was before! Unreal! Do you guys even test this stuff before you publish it??????
Ultimate features is da best apps
The best there is
Mr
Luv it
Super
Great application for social media networking.
Nice
I love Facebook its a wonderful app once again I love it
yxy
I get it
Better for now
Superior
Nice
... they don't really amount to much if you can't have the recent activity as your default feed. I know I'm not the first to complain, but hopefully this will help you understand that it needs to be fixed ASAP.
I want it
Facebook is great
Loved it
like this facebook
It, s ok
App won't even open...
I am loving it.....
This app use alot of ram,even not using.
It's always great to improve something I love it
It was ok.
Monica
Great
I love it
Freezes up constantly since downloading ...sux
Every tym update update what the*****# dude
when i comment on any post in group there was no notification shown that any other person ¡¯s comment till then i refresh the notifications.why ?
Nice
Love it
Facebook
Love it
U can logout... :-D
Rajeev kumar
But its little slow.
Great app.
Not bad :{
All of this app notifications will no longer works when I enable push notification of the third party apps like Instagram. Annoying
Talha
Nice
Gud appss
Verry nice
Great way to stay connected with family!!
Hmm better
Facebook
Bgd el UpDate da Fager !!
No
Having issues loading profiles. Newest update is a pain. Half my photos don't show up anywhere on my page. And please...don't let videos people upload autoplay. It's slowing down my feed...
Verry slow
Wow
Cool
Nothing more greater than this
Just one word - WOW
Force closes EVERY single time I use it!!!
Fazoool app hay. Why this app is not responding when run
Comment
The best
Aslam Ansari
Runs slow at times. New stastis's slow to show up.
Why time after time after time it tells me it cannot connect to a secure server???????

Make recent post default
World cup
New update crashed my my sd card not working anymore s4
I love this app
is awsome
Facebook
I hate the updates now bubble witch saga and other apps will not link or connect to fb like  before
I love being able to see my friends and families and there family and friends that I normally wouldn't have contact with
Why do you need messager to send messages??
<3 it
Blaah ...blaah.
Good
Cherpulassery
Force close Force close Force close....Constantly force close
Doesnt let me play videos untill u fix it ill give u five stars
Horrible !!!!!
Supper
Everything
Its Perfect!!!
Fun
I'll have to rewrite my review after I use the updated version
I love FB but it really would be nice if I could save videos from fb that has been shared
why again & again start downloading but not completed
The best way to keep in touch
Still very slow, and crashes often
Luck comes only door of whoom did labour n accuire skill.
Nice
Does its job. .
Good one
Boooooooyah
Too much information is available to the app, it shouldn't need all these  permissions. I hate that I can't uninstall this stupid application. What a waste of space
Love
Ever since I updated I can't watch videos with out them freezing or not even loading.
A very good application but still needs many changes according to andriod phones.
About as much use as my man nipples
Good
Poor performance !!! No timeline view in the newer version, lacks last version's shortcuts for chat and camera upload !!! Please add the shortcuts !!!
The updates r to many mega bites or giga bites
It is just great! Keeps me in contact with family and friends! Great app!!
Good well
Hy
It's too nice
Grtt app
Govt servent
Good
Fix fast it's better on ipod 4 or 5gen
fall in love with it
Bodoh
I don't know why people are always updating small small things over fb
I appreciate
Great and fast.
The fast app. i love it..
i lick app .Thanks to f.b. team
Good app
Its rrally nyc
It sucks butt
I want to be able to see most recent posts as the default I used to be able to chose this but now I don't know how or if this can still be done. can it??? many people have the same issue. listen to your users.
Cool app
I'm with everyone else. I want to see most recent in my feed.
Desperdicio de hardware. 70 megas de ram para que sea super lenta.
Wont let me go through it
Its owsum
Nice
Its good
Amongst other small things that's wrong with this version of Facebook. The one thats a direct blow to me is that you can't tag a specific person in a post, anymore without sharing the post with all.
It was fine the way it was, like your invite system kicking people out for invites when people hit No out of spite or accident. Your service also has non existent customer service as you allow websites to stay up that violate your own terms of service agreement.
Best of the best.
Great
Ana Hubb app fb
Looked really weird and horrible ..y 100% transparent?? Really yuk
I m injoying
Facebook
Joseph karkada
App is just don't let me recent feeds.I want news feeds chronologixally but it is showing top storues.it doesn't allow me to choose manually what I actually want to see.and it consumes time for to open a single photo.fix these bugs then I will give you five star.be satisfied with three for this update.
Gud update...really liking it..
Do more...
super
Love
I love facebook
WWW,Darwin banal@gmail,com
Best apps
it is faster n better
Good
its cool but there is games in computer i play it it is not in the phone why
Mast
Ehhh
Super
very good
Its my favourite social, love it so much!
Luv u
Thanks
Liken the layouts
Loved it ,,,as the others do in the world
He
This app is super for fb users
Worst ever app of Facebook for android.....all features doesn't work and the developer is just a shit wants user review but never respond or improve to user grievances...every one should stop using Facebook nd its app..Google plus is much better
Gud
:)
Love it
LOVE IT!!!
Love it
I like this app
It is nice to see different areas in facebook.. But it is not that much fast what i expected.. Overall it is nice to have..
Ek dum bakwaas,trying to download from last 2Week ........ failed.......?
Love it
But with Android L you cannot see comments. The background is completely transparent.
I hate the new update and the status bar... It all.sucks
Connects me closer to the world; and you, to me.
loveit
Since the lastest update I can't custom share any of my post
im sick n trierd of this app becaZ ... there r lot of fualts in thiz app regarding to comment box never shows the comments...if we r into the comnt then ..it doesnt has the done option..if we go back to set the done,the cmnt will disappear.. wtfng problem.. i jst give 1 star for its design
Old Old Old Old Old Old
GOOD
Quite goos
Rly gud
I give 3 star bucoz his not show letest newafeed
Poor update
Rudra
OMG
Facebook Apps is very good
Great App.
Its new version
Works proper now..!!!
Had no problem  befor the update now it keep saying sign in or session expire every time I try to accept friend request done fenna drop this app
Nul nul nul l'obligation de messenger !
Good
facebook baru ni mcm sial lembab
Good
Love face book but I think animation covers would make a great feature to the app !
Innovation is important but it must be fair to all users and not to act like inside a classroom with a teacher having favoritism. Innovation should be always fair after the result. Facebook is behaving like a blogsite rightnow.

It very good for Info to social midia.
Love it, but problems with connecting and losing lives and boosters
Good one with new version
I like fb but the file size is so big my cell wont hold it anymore.
I love technology cause make every think It's easy ;)
Very Good app now and then freezes but overall should install
Good
hi
This app is the worst thing in the world - it allows anyone anywhere to tap you on the shoulder making you turn around and loose focus on the moment you are in, good or bad - it's false and boring and negatively champions pathetic pseudo personalities over real life.
Loveless this app are the best we will be able to do you know what do it would like the first thing that I am looking forward the way to do it would like a great to do.,..........
Loved it
Balamurugan 0199@gmail
I love it
It is sooo slow to load most of the time, regardless of signal strength, which is mostly good to excellent at this location. Alas, there is no alternative as this is the only facebook app available. Also, it is a voracious eater of the device memory, prompting me to uninstall and reinstall almost every other day.
If this app can share the post to the private chat like the desktop version, I think it is awesome~
The app is ok its just that it crash sometimes out of the blue
In the world of what's up
WHY DO YOU GET TO READ MY TEXT MESSAGES!? TO STOP TERRORISM!?
App freezes at least once a day, sometimes up to three times, and is only remedied by restarting phone. This only started with this last update.
What could be better than fb so handy <3
This app is most useful
Works great a++
Fast rewies and msgs
Gr8 app!!!
Fantastic
It's Good and I don't have to use the computer
Nice....works nicely on tab
I hate how it keeps trying to update all the time on my phone . Like it tries multiple times a day and its clogging up my phone! Fix it
Its awesome
Best app for chatting and remain in  touch with the friends.
This app drains the battery, you need to manually close the app to avoid this.
Great app
I hate how the current posts are hidden all the way to the left under groups and settings. Auto play video is frustrating to me.
Sok Ra
Good
I am a beautiful person
nice
Facebook doesn't want to run trough Wi-Fi   fix it up. Facebook inc. Aaaaah and another thing why in the world it won't take me straight to most recent feeds? Instead it take me to something has already pass up to four hours ago. Too bad.
: )
Great to keep in touch with friends and family.
Wish you could sort by most recent. Who wants to see what facebook considers important.  I want to see it all. Could use alot of work. But of course it's the only facebook app so of course we are gonna use it no matter what y'all do to it.
It opens videos with default player
great,
private korea
bad
sangat memuaskan
Facebook is 100% awesome. -His girlfriend (;
I'm loving it.....
This is fine
Am not able to download it
Love it
better interface but slow.
Kya baat hai yaar wow
Its starting to take too much storage space on phone with recent updates.  I don't have many apps on my phone and I get insufficient storage message.
I personally loved facebook when it came out not its just has to much useless unwanted stuff like seriously if they really wanna add something why not a block game invites button or setting gets annoying see the game request all the time js if i wanna play a game id go play a board game or something with family and actually socialize and yea fb is getting boring so quickly but maybe its just me
Too awesome
I like it
Not bad
Nice app
ilove it
cool !!!
Update
Awesome.  App.  Mark
godak hodai
Itz Cool not fast.....
Excellent
100%
*****
This is a good app for facebook. But I would like it to allow for you to be able to go on it without wifi.
I like ...i love...best way to keep in touch with friends,  colleagues, classmates,  family.. you name the rest!
Its getting old now but still good to get hold of friends
so nice aap ... loving it ...
Yes
Like
Everything's good but copy paste functionality not present
But sometime it's not working fast...i think its a best way to meet your friends and share your emotions...thanx fb..
Using Very Easy
i think if the app have cut,cop,past system it good         for me.
Buhl
Ok fb needs to update.. most videos dont play on my phone and its not cool. The app is great other than that flaw
Awesome
It is nice app helps too meet new person
Facebook NO ONE cares about Top Stories! Most Recent should be the default option.
Philippoprospere
Please make it faster it's completely ridiculous how slow it is!!!
This new ap won't allow me to change order of news feed to most recent
Ok
It's hot. ..n loving
Hoopn
ok
Ok
Really annoyed I can't sort by recent stories, please add. Also, I get notified of new posts, tags and comments by friends, but when I click it just takes me to my feed, which is almost always a day behind. Lame
Nice one
Thanx for the camera bug fix for kitkat. Now its ok.
amazingggggg everyone luvs facebook
It occupies more Ram and working is not efficient

So so.
It is fast
Sloooooow
I'm like always on facebook so with the faster version I love it even more
Great Effort.
Sharing mashed
Shalonda hall
SArigam vapi
<3 :D :P
dont update your facebook application new virsion is rubish..
B
It forced stop when swiping my news feed
I don't like Facebook
Wowest :)
Last few updates forced me to use friendcaster .  Now i came to test new update again. i think new staff also from poor university who dont know tha basics of an app
Error in this update
It's okay,
Avg
Jhakas
9ce app.
Super duper
It is nice app to connect one frnd to another one it is so goodddddddddddd
Superb tool u got here. Love it
I'm f b supported
Josh G bhai
Beautiful n excellent...
It not works better in my samsung S5
For new feed,  Where "recent" or "top story" ?
It's so good xxxx
Awesome
Ditto
Wacha
Nic
Awesome
So so so interesting
1 star because you allow Candy Crush Saga
Moham Khang
QWer.12r3

Thankyou
In the past 4 months, 9 people on my friends list account's  have been hacked.  I'm debating if I should continue using FB.
loved it
Great!!!
Need a way to share important local news to swaps. It would help spread news faster. Like Amber alerts.
Lub it 
New
I hate this app. I'd rather just use my browser and ebuddy
verry nices
Pintu alam maya dlm nyata
Love it keeps me in touch
ooo
Very super
Good apps
Will give 4 stars when it doesn't zoom out of every picture after I zoom in.
Fine

Works like a charm thanks
The new update brought more problems than solutions. Now every time I log in it says error loading news feed. And takes much longer to load. Another new update and new a new problem.  My news feed doesn't stay on new posts it keeps changing to important ones that I don't think are important.  Most of it are things I have already seen.  I can't see all the posts from people on my friends list or pages I want to see things from.
Help it takes up all my space its good but space wise no also says package invalid
Keeps closing, force close. Force close or wait, every few minutes.
its a amazing nd useful app
Good
The new update keep crashing specially when i play any shared videos.. What a disappointment :-? :-/
Loveless
It's OK to stay connected w/ friends, just mobile version is not very user friendly, setup confusing,
It's good enough
I download the facebook app an it installs but when i click on the app it tell me error please uninstall an reinstall over ten times iv done this somthins not right fix!!!!!!!
Superb app wow!
Luv Facebook

Awsm....
Very functional
I give 5 *****
Love
Kak allvthese pass words and
But the app is running slow.And using a large number of RAM
Cannot access comments from notifications.
I full enjoy it...
Fb easy handlng... is very nice
The worst part about this app is it eats battery and data like a hound. Please , you need to fix this issue. In spite of being such a good app it is practically useless cause the amount of battery and data it pulls is astonishingly high!
Loved it
I hate dis
Awesome
Application
Always shows error while saving a photo.
Osm aap..!!
Don't like FB app asking me about recent photos I've taken with my phone. Too many new, privacy invading permissions with update - not doing it - ready to ditch this app.
Samsung
Control supervisor
Sony Xperia z
Ever since update will not load!!!!
Awesome
For social media within facebook, but it doesnt allow u to share to other social media like twitter, instagram etc...
Need fix issues the messenger. Talk someone on message I saw typing and sent. But I didn't receive message I had to turn off and back log in then I got message.
Love it
Love
Not bad but many problems
Not working
Good
Its easy to use
The best
Brilliant for family
19 mb is not sutable
Lbih mudah untuk on9,
I love it.
This app requires to much space and also uses alot of data which is a problem because when u have a plan with a data cap this app can cause you to use up your high speed data even when your not using the app PLEASE FIX THIS Im a socialite and im no longer an aplle fan because of the expense of the phone...Android needs to figure out a way to stomp apple or at least compete when it comes to how apps run and stuff and make it suitable for alot more phones
Nice
About to design an app to override these permissions
Yo
My dream wish complete this app...
I love it...
De snag
News feed so poor after latest updated. So sad..
Cool
Always good to keep intouch with family and friends. ..
Sippp
It is nice apps
Pat smith
I like the new set up its easy to use. But the biggest problem is, is that facebook gives me top stories. I dont want top stories I want the most recent. I shouldnt have to go through my profile setting to select the most recent everytime. I dont want to read the stories I have already read the day before. And with this new update its asking for phone permission. That bothers me that it keeps asking for more access to everything. So for now I will keep it at this rating until you change these.
I don't like the new upgrade    it's not loading right
I love facebool

Its jxt OK ..
FB is getting worse. Slow.
Semira
Ok
Nyc
I really don't like that the videos auto play.
Good one
Good
Excellent
I m loving it
Chamarap@.gmail
Good stuff
its an excellent app. With this app you can talk with your friends . With those friends which you have not meet for a long time.
Real
VG
My phone Can't play video in this update crash the app while click on the video link fix it now.
Some times I open photos on newsfeed fb throws me back to the apps
Its a good app. But keeps freezing n doesnt load my news feed all d way n refreshing my news feed doesnt work. doesnt show all d news feed like it should..
I still like the app but there starting to make the graphics more like iphone graphics
Cul
Superb social app of the world
Bugs are still present. When you choose stop notification for some status / update, it still keeps on notifying. Please fix this asap
What every fashionista needs to keep up with her social network.
Good
I love it now. Its faster and smoother on my phone. Next version should look into options for reducing picture quality to save data. Kudos.
The Update is Soo awsome I Can Do stuff Faster An Much Easy
Thats amazing.  New features always awesome.
Ok
Good stuff
Loved it....

Nice
Need a simpler version without the privacy invasion for those of us who dont care about sharing our location or phone calls.
amazing
Mast
A brilliant way to share lives and thoughts with friends.
Awsome its better than facebook messsenger
Thanks
Ok
Best facebook
more precise one!!!!!:)
Something that is not new but the world is like using it till now .
Its to addictive
Everyone has their own special
xperia is11s
Mmmmmh..
Happy
Facebook
Facebook
I think it's a good application.Cuz I contact with my old friends now.happy happy happy:):):)
I installed the latest update an hour ago and now can't get on Facebook at all. Please fix, my facebook is synced to so many other apps in my phone that it is making it so I can't get on any of them now.
Very very bad.
I don't like it
Like it
Its nice to know u can find old school peeps to
Good
Free Tibet
Nthng nw in dis latest version ........waste tym 4 dwnldng dis app.
There's enough space to update facebook but it keeps saying insufficient storage. I want it to be updated.
A day without laughter is a day wasted
Nyc
Yyyyyyyyy
Very gud app
Very good
Chatting book
love keepin up.with family and events...plus gettin laughs...fb is the whoop
Owsam
Facebook
nice
Stupid update
It's a simple way to connect with friends and share
Worse update ever. Nothing was fixed, works worse now then ever before. Uninstalled reinstalled still terrible. Takes 4+ times to open &doesn't stay on, kicks me off. Always timeout. Still cannot watch videos, go to other links, vines, etc etc,. When posting/commenting anything, my keyboard will disappear & spacebar deletes what I typed.& Why does app need so much space? No notifications. Can't receive calls/texts while on it. Please fix so I can enjoy it like everyone else.
I love it!
Thanks team of face book with  u i find my best friends ,I really happy with face book . I recommend to all  thats best app...... Aryan.
Popular app good ones
New
What is this the NSA or just a resource for the gov't?    Kiss freedom goodbye.
Ever since the last update my galaxy nexus 5 has been having intermittent issues where upon launching the app nothing responds. Cannot scroll down or press any buttons. Closing the app as well as force stopping it does not address issue. Only temporary fix is a restart of the phone, which fixes issue for a while. Please address to change rating.
I sent a message
Littele bit slow only,apps very good.
Thanks for all your friends
Such is a great job its works very softly...
It loads faster now and works fine on basic model to high end phones as well!
Facebook is a very helpfull app for conteing our frinds. New verson so nice and fast. I like   it is.
Rahis
Very Good
Cool
Salam
I'm having problems viewing all videos 3 sec in before unable to play. Anybody else have this problem??. Please update and fix. No problems before. Xperia Z2, the newest version not older
Gets crashing all the time.
Awsm app
Ok
Facebook is awesome
Its awesom
Nice
Cant open sometimes
I can't download my videos. ......tell me how can I downloads this. .....
Cant even log in :( and a little creeper out how much info on my phone it demands access to
Vikram
Most
i love it
it will not let me play videos, as soon as I press play it loads a few seconds and then closes the app. I also cannot see pictures, pictures have the arrow that you press to reload the pic on ALL pictures but doesn't actually reload.
Need to update more!! Since my update yesterday i only see 10 hours ago on my news feed :(... i dont want to no whats happen 10 hours ago..please fix this..not message's arnt going in my notifications. ....well they are but 2 hours after they are sent.....please look in to this for me
Gaikwad
Goood
I loved it
Excellent!
How can they loose?
Not playing videos.
It help me find FAMILY
Goodddiddddd
Every 3 days letter up to date ...
I really don't mind going into side menu and selected most recent. I prefer the most recent as well, but it's two extra buttons for most recent. I think I can squeeze that into my day. :)
Awesome
best apppp
Vv us ful
Its okay still pretty slow
cool
It always closing or freezing up! And sometimes when sign in it goes back to the old version!
Always have to hit the most recent button to get updates .
Love it...
Very good! :)
Excellent
The latest update is bad. Not showing profile picture even on wi fi.
Its awesome and works amazing!!!!
God
Since updating it keeps stopping. Until then I rate it ONE!
Fell in Love with it its great...
Social media site
It is very good and simple app and conect very very old frnds
good
Cnt add pictures in cmnt box Cant like also
Nic
332
Its absolutely great on my droid x2..the only thing i hate is 8t takes forever to load sometimes.
Good
Facebook
Jaglan's
very nice app
Nice app
Love it.
Its very easier for me
Love
This apps not allow we upload image from other than camera folder..fix it
Facebook is always where it's at. Great app great social site
Wonder
Wonderful Awesome WHO knew it could get better on FACEBOOK :-) :-)
Ohhhhh
Boss
Just add video call feature in it .then it will be a top app !!
Updated this morning...nothing but issues. Please go back to prevous version or fix current version.
Bst apps
Tagal magdownload!
Awensome app
Time pass
I love my life
not bad!
The Facebook app is horrible.  To many dislikes to mention.  Uninstalling.
Imran khan
Jaka
This new update that was just pushed through seems to me a massive battery drain.  I can be on fb for just a few min and drains 3-4 %.  Please fix this.
Nice app
I get to talk and message my friends since I don't have a phone I use my tablet but there's one thing it doesn't refresh
Why does this app need to be capable of making calls without my permission?
It never let's me update it comes up with some error code 961 annoying.
Djp
Best among all
Great app
Its nice
DO NOT WANT.
i cant install facebook
Its great and faster
The best at keeping you in touch with those you love and care about.
Isaac piaczo
Good timepass
It keeps giving me push notifications telling me it's somebody's birthday and I can't turn them off! That's frustrating! Also I can't keep my feed in "most recent" by default. More options for users, please!
Add a firewall for added protection against hackers.
Nice app !!
Would like it more fast
When I try the app closes Samsung Galaxy Grand Duos 4.4.2
ok
I did a master reset on phone and now my fb app won't show # of notifications on app..so now I have to open up fb to see.                   who's bright idea was it to take away the recent function. I dont care to see posts from several days ago. I want to see MOST RECENT!
Osam
i love f b
Gudooooooo
I love having this app it enables me to keep in touch with my family and friends
It keeps crashing! Cant send a message cant just scroll through the timeline with out it crashing. Its very annoying :(
Useful for us
Nice app
Good
Plss reduce the size of the update....n make this aap very light n faster....
Awesomeee
Its good app
Loved it...
new version is nice to use
This is better but doesnt sound better....
I used to give 5 stars to almost each update, but lay ones are getting annoying, guys you bought watzApp why so I have to install extra app for chatting with people on Facebook, it's a completely idiotic opinion, I t whatzApp I got viber I got Facebook , making me install an app more just for chatting with others is stupidity, integrate the Facebook chat in WhatzApp, so we could get rid of unneeded apps, in not installing Facebook chat and using a browser version of it, and will not install it
Terbaik...,?
its really bad
Its a good app but his take more time to installed that bay
Why does it force update my news feed while I'm reading, causing me to lose my place. When will they make it possible to copy links to threads and have my news feed display most recent like it used to without going to a separate menu?

I need my pictures to come up sooner.
I love facebook
I like this app this app is too good
Just wasting of time
Loved it
They are not really improving FB for us the users. Rest assured, each new revision is just an improvement upon how much more of our personal data they can snoop into.
And clearly descriptive. Love this app :)
Why aren't the events working? ! I seriously am annoyed that I no longer have the option to look at the posts in order! Is there anyone else out there with OCD that simply can't stand that you see something from 2 mins ago between something from 3 hour ago and something from friday?  And why do you need access to my camara?! Or my audio? please make it so I can opt out of these.
Very good for communication
Iqbal
Good
Karim sagar
Its clear... love d voice calls
..good
Best
Bhagat
Baf
Very good
It so cool  Thid is a wonderful apps Face book
Great app
It not work fast as per need!!
Do dna don
Its verry nice,eazy to use. Excellent.
Very nice
Tot
Good
I dont know much bout the program or quality bhlaa bhlaa but I think it's now good enough for me and it shouldn't be add more any functions now because it will look like HI5 more and that's not good
Nice aap
Can't poop without this app. That is all.
This apps is very slow.
Changes are done and this prog works well!
A cool way to talk to friends
Able to look though Facebook, but the messaging isn't that good. End.
Must
New version is very nice
Can't open. Do something fast :-P :-P
Very good
Works great, just wish there was the button to edit your text in the phone version.
The very best
Good
I like it
Good
It keeps locking up every time I try and view my messages!! I have to restart my Samsung Galaxy 10.1
Hate it
Best
the best social network out there. Now after a year later it has gotten even better.  I can keep up with my family and friends and let people from around the world know the Jesus loves them!
S o far I like it. Thank you f.b.
This app sucks it keeps jumping out of facebook n have to get back in
Nice app
Loved it
Itz wow..
Wont let me download the app
It mess up uninstalled it now I can't get it to download
i luv it although sometime i cant connect to fb chat
Loved this app.til this new update it won't let me know that I have messages or notifications it's very upsetting
Awesome
Videos won't play
Good apps
Love is life
I need more update
It would be great if you can add the option to copy any text from the application .. a status or a comment or even a name or a message .. Thank you :')
Good
Cool
Well not the best but it has improved in a good passion
horrible
This is an amazing app
The news feed is set to default top stories. Who wants to see over an over same thing. Then on top of it it'll give you the choice to get most recent news feed, however you have to select it every time you want to look at. The old app was better. Have some issues that y'all need to work out......glad that some things have improved wit the new fb.. and hipethey continue to improve
Good & best massenger
Five stars if it cud occupy lesser space, my fone is gettng slow
I can text all my friends on Facebook
Far more better than Facebook Windows App
The best program. Very nice
It looks gud in loading!
Video can't open
Wooowwwww
Its all good
it was awsome app
Mmm
Need to improve speed
I want to see most recent not just stories from days ago wfy t-_-t
facebook
The File Is Invalid .
Face Is Already Posted In Book ;-)))
<3
Everything laggy after update
Agamena
Nice apps jast  fix the data sieze great app!!!
Mary Jacobs-Diva Angel
Excellent 
I love this app and it is a great way to connect with freinds and find out more about them xx
It's my fav!
Good
This is a awesome app to stay in touch with your freinds and family. Thank you
Love it so much
The best
Facebook now really annoying. Started to lag when going to some page and crash. This is the first tym when my phone upgraded to kitkat 4.4.2 Please fix
love it
I hate how it take so much space!!! It like gets bigger And bigger every time. Its just Facebook!
good
its nice app am enjoying using this
I love this ap:
Why does clicking a push notification open another activity for the chat, making me back out of the same chat 8 times whenever I want to get back to the home screen? Also went can't we copy the text of posts? On a galaxy s4.
Wife, mother, housekeeper, cook, etc
What a hot mess! How many times can they screw it up? Updates keep getting worse instead of better.
Best
I CAN'T TAG THE NAMES OF MY GROUP MATES IN THE COMMENTS OF POSTS IN A GROUP WERE I JOINED...
Love it
Love you mark zubergk
Its too slow even after updates.
ok
Notifications just straight up don't work. What's the use of this app without them? Desire HD 2.3
Horrible, can't set most recent as default.
Nyc
Its becoming faster and better
Good
good
Destroy my hnd set
I have internet and wifi connection and uninstalled reinstALLED YOUR app and still says not able to get news feed or able to post but i get notifications all day the last 3 days. Fix it please.............................'........................................................................
Teacher
i love you
Awesome very easy to use
Good
New version
Love it:-)
V.V. power ful fuction. ..soo cuit
Good but slow and hard to update.
It could use some improvement though. Feeds jumps to the top while I'm looking through my feeds sometimes. What really gets me is the Emojis when I 
It's okay slow to dwn load...
Bring back Most Recent!!!
It is enough
I luv dis app
Makes it so easy to use facebook. Love it. I normally hate sites on my phone...this works, though!
As long as it's free&you don't want to draw over my SDcard. Seems OK.
Works perfect 5stars
It does not open
Best
Nice...!!
Grrrrr!!!! It's slower, not faster and constantly force closes!!!! Update really sucks!!!! Barely 2 star's!!!!
Needs more work
Annoyed with all the stupid updates.
Gud
Great app......
Everybody loves Facebook's even me thank you for Facebook's.
Can't find, edit my notes nor write new ones .... plz help
Waal Wat a Nic chat
Hate the new update.  Miss lots on my news feed because it's in so many different sections.  Don't know whether I'm coming or going with it.
Irfankhan
TRIED DOWNLOADING A VIDEO AND DOES NO LET ME IT KICKED ME OUT AND HAD TO UNSTALL AND DOWNLOAD AGAIN PLEAS FIX THIS ISSUE AND THEN I WILL GIVE U GUYS FIVE STARS ...FOR KNOW I DISLIKE IT WITH TWO STARS :/
Hello
okay
I love facebook becoz its filing about our frnd near our heart who are so far from us due to some reoson
It's became a lot slower!!! It's hard for me to see the most recent! I don't want only the top news! I want to choose between them as well! Please fix it!!! Thank you!
Most recent needs to be an option on the News Feed not the More menu.
I just don't understand why I have to keep updating the same update
Tnx again
The most thaki hui website
Thank you for updating this kind of application it helps me more than yesterday.
Bring back the option to play a video via device's video player.
Nice app...
Luv it!
Love it

Zui
HTC blink feed works now.  It took them a while to fix it though.
It says the new update let's you turn off post notifications and it does give you that option from the app but it doesn't work.
Even slower pic loading than before the update! Frustrating!
Nice to chat with frnds and relatives
Not good   some times not wrking

I love u
Sometime tooooo hard to open this but its ok when i use it..
Facebook us great i get to talk all to my friends and family
I loved the way it was before they changed the whole look of the app. It's been a little while and I still don't know how to do some things on the updated version! It works though, no crashes or anything.  *Galaxy S5*
Love it
Only 2options uninstall and open???
Nice 1
m
Awesome  best amazing  for this app in play store............. I liked 5 star
I love Facebook . Facebook my life
My account has been disabled because i didnt verify it. Already submit in help center my name,emailadd,contanctEmail,birthday. PLEASE Help me thats very important to. Thankyou in advanced
much better than the last facebook update
Love it
Love it
if they can reduce the lag issue of interface
A good time spent
Just love it
Fh sjshuxbsjud hi doshisbk fh u fh udjdi ssh sjb vs dnsi tv hmm Chianti sci-fi sleep condo sci-fi why to rip evil doo school do who do six six thx six fh dBm fh fh eh snnd
Love it!!!!!!!!
M
V.good
Use fulll
Facebook
It's cool and nice appliction So good
slow it glitches all the time and it constantly shuts itself down
Interface for changing who you share something with was updated, but is still missing ability to share link in private message...
123123
I really love it
Ibox
Would be amazing if you didn't get hacked all the time an lose all your precise photos
Pictures won't load....so I read my friends statuses but pictures just aren't there. Fix this please
Red cedar lake
Nds work!
Sick
Super help me.. to i updated my friends here ...hope  more new update and protect this app.
Love it
Im very disappointed in the lack of books on this app.
So much for the "faster" facebook, when all this app does is suck up more RAM than necessary, slowing down all other functions on my phone.
Tired of constant updates
Excellent
Chandresh Vachhani
Thanks
A fun way to talk to your friends share photos and have a laught the only doubt is that some people don't use it right other than that fab xx
Nice app love it
Its great but its size high
Dean irvin
Nice one
First log in then u will
Love it
So I downloaded it and it finally started to work
Rashmi
Why so many error while playing videos on new update facebook app?
Its ok i suppose more easy 2 use
But its ok
Facebook
Nice
Rasheed
Facebook
Fudu app
Always tap to retry!
New ui is awful, why do I have to swipe past friend requests and messages and notifications to get to y profile etc. I see you're tying to preserve the order of things but you've really got it wrong, imo of course. Also thanks for separating message and Facebook, now everything runs slower and uses up more space unnecessarily.
I cant see any type of demerits in it.And also have all options exept messaging
Nice
A child of Jesus Christ
I use galaxy mini,  this app so good.
OK
Thanks
When I like a picture and close the app the like is automatically turn to unlike,please fix it.
kissesjoyce bacsal
Isme kuch or bhi chize honi chaie...tht  makes it more bettr
Fine
Love this really love this
Awesome app!
Soiciallllll
It is what it is.
Feel the "PAIN"
I hate when it's slow and it's slow most of the time! And i received messages like 3 mins later.
Just great
Update terakhir jadi suka force close
Its good
Still lots of scope for improvement
Good to reach friends
What the heck!?!?! I had to delete the app because it kept logging me out, not I can't even download it again!? I need access to my business pages! Facebook, you suck and just ruined my day! Please fix the fact that it can't be downloaded!
Nice
Ai
Awesome
B
Needs repairing
seriously who cares what facebook thinks is a top story!? news feed in chronological order please! or at least the option to make it default! so anoying!
Love fast easy
Va
Facebook terbaik.
Shokran
Thanks:) The app is working better. Like the look of it.
Works great with ease . Would like to be able to send pic from site to friends like computer version.
In my device i can't find stickers from this App. Why
Loving it <3 simply owsim
Nice app
Samsung Note 3 and I am getting an Error -24 and will not load the ap, and I cannot pull up the old version...This sucks a lot. Anybody else have the same problems?
Nice
This app was very amezing
Pointless app. Cannot see private messages cannot see time line in chronological order.
Figured it out, great app!
Oo
So nice
The problem is i dont get new newz feed everytime whenever i refresh it.
Usful app and easy to handle...
its very usefull to chat with friends
Hello,  i've been using this app for some time now. I'm now using a new phone.  Sadly, I'm glad having a problem with viewing the video. It force closes the app whenver i try to view it. Please help me resolve this problem.  Thanks in advance.
Super
Extraooooooordinaryyyyyy... Superb...!
Is good actually.!
Luv it
I gave a four star rating.
81433492
Super cool
Of this is not sure you have can you have can get be a bit longer be a bit and I have a bit of this email address or not the other than a that I have a lot of a few weeks months ago and then we can you have a few months weeks ago to and to ago ago and to
I just love it.
Okay? Okay.
Good
Assume
I like the new design but I wish the bottom shortcuts would dissappear when scrolling down.  Also I get an error playing videos and I have to tap them again to work. Sometimes it fails during playback.  Xperia z1 kitkat.
Drama central
I dont like the new update, id rather my old version. How do i get it back or can you make it so i can update it back to the old version or give people that option??? I want to be able to have my most recent option back, this new ones weird!
I have tried to install this about 4 times and it will not work. Downloads fine but reports an unknown error -24
Let's me keep n touch w/ my family...
I'm ready to close my page out. Lately I've ran out of patients trying to simply post a dam status! It will not post when I hit the post button then I have to re-type it!!! My friends ask why I haven't been on??? Hell I've tried til I'm so frustrated!
Its the highest battery hog app in my phone..I uninstalled it and used chrome bookmark instead. Note 2.
Awsome gettin better needs to be fixed. some bugs here nd there. Also wud it be possible if the MB went down a bit
Nice
Crashing down everytime after kitkat update!
Plsss fix it.
:-)
Runs great on my device cx
The app does quite a bit, and it's the same intuitive interface of the fb website that we all use, however it saps battery life and uses system resources like no othet program on my phone. Use their mobile website if you're getting crashes.
Give me the option of most recent without such a hassle.
PERFECT !!!
I love Facebook
It always kicks me off
If you go click on a story or video that someone has posted, it takes you back to the beginning (top) of the facebook page. That's so frustrating because of course then you have to scroll through everything to get back to where you were. Please fix this
Aaps is awesome but occupying more than 100mb ..plz fix it
It works
Good
Like it
Good
I wount five stear...
It's sooo wonderful
Good awesome excellent
This verson was so amazing   U jus try it
S3
V.....United. ........
Asesine
Like
So nice
Love it
Need improvement 100¡Á or more
facebook
Very good
Facebook sucks.That's it,sorry.
Excellent
Itz awesome !!!
Spb
Latest update installed and now it won't play %99 of videos. Job well done!! Sony Z1
Good means of reaching out to people. Bridges communication gab. Good thinking.
Super
Its Working in simply way,we upload any pic or video in very quickly.................One of The Best App@
Cant find my app but its installed
facebook
Atlast
Good
Cool he says i dont care realy
Looks no different :/
Hated it !
Plz do something of size it is too much big for the  devices having 150 or  512 MB storage,app  is fine but its size $uckzzZ !
Uuu
Facebook
V good
Ugh , !
Still can't "share" links & now my status updates aren't posting. Sucks
It's getting better
I've been putting off update for months based on the reviews, took a chance today and updated....what a mistake that was, now the app doesn't work at all. Thanks a whole bunch for ruining a decent running app. Will be dumping it asap.
I love facebook u can chat with anyone all around the world
Thumbs up
Fb
Hy
Good
Could use something besides poking
Very good
By john
To do for easy way
It doesnt let me delete comments someome else makes on my status or pictures!!!
Always forces close
Where's the option to sort by most recent like all prior versions? This is the dumbest "feature" that was changed. Change it back.
Love this app best app out their! :)
Superb , exellent app
They should pur a option for resent story to most popular like previous updates
It stopped working like 10 times
Good
Great could not b better.
Tamarig ayvazian
Raj
Sec ilia
Fast
So goood ^_^
Donnie
TOOOOOO MANY UPDATES FOR ANDROIDS.
Sucks can't go to most recent. Fix
Lol
Ok
July,,10,2014
Great
Its an easy way to check your facebook !!!
Samsung galaxy s3
Hbvf
this new design and it works vey well
Every update makes it worse now cannot share and post from profile to my page
V.good
Love it or hate it I don't care I just do it come on love
Developers has failed majority of it's users. Nothing but repeated issues. Freezing, force close, can't tag friends, can't view recent post, very unorganized app.
updating
Ts more enjoyable hence notcfication reach on time.. also ts doesnot weaken da fon so ai woudlike let people kno dat facebuk aplcation 8s more than gaining interest from social networks...
My galaxy tab 4 works excellent with this.
Still unable to update i've not been able to update my status for months, and that is the main reason i use FB, sort it out.
I love you
I can't live without it;-)
Improvements.......little bit.......But not fun using FB..........Bored... their are some major issues:O but its okk......no problem...............5 stars ;-) :-D for what atleast it is.....:).........
worst
Theres no minor errors works perfectly fine
I love it
Download fast
Very good
thankyou Facebook
Nice one
Awesome speed
S'ok
I Love Facebook
its good
Good
nice nga bilis yan
Lol
Very nice
Eka n Appa FOREVER<3
I like it very much it is a amazing app. It is in every phone or tablet I am a big fan of this app there is nobody in the world who dosent know about fb..I AM CRAZY ABOUT FACEBOOK...
Very very good
Lilo
Dinosaurtrain
Much better
Thanks
Faster and easier
I can't see anything on my news feed, i keep getting an error message saying it can't upload this page...i uninstalled and reinstalled fb..i even did a factory reset on my phone...NOTHING HAS CHANGED...FIX THIS ASAP OR I WILL HAVE NO CHOICE TO DELETE FOR GOOD
This app didn't want to load so i uninstalled it...now i cant download it...samething with messenger
Full of knowledge
Excellent, now I update fb. but I am not able to download any vedio file. how to rectify this. I am using Samsung core.
Keep it up..
Cool
this version not good for 2g network.....very slow version .....plz make better
Only so I updated yesterday and battery is almost dead after 2 hours of being off the charger... not sure what's going on, but uninstalling.
Better of using Mobile web... at least the time line up to date... u can download videos and easy to navigate.... be better off downloading last year facebook apk..
Events editing and inviting people is messed up. Impossible to paste thing in the tiny description box. Fail Facebook.
Guys if u really wanna improve fb app then make it use less memory usage and then it would be a very helpful.i also hope next time i could give it five stars.
Very bad
I love it
Please can yall fix the video  bug cuz when i see  a video and i click it it doesnt work plz fix that
Zorylis
B Happy
Good
What can I say
Very good aap for the conecting fb
Since the latest update I've had to delete my weather app just to complete and it still won't open i only have 2 apps that arnt preloaded on my phone and i can't even keep them cone on fix this asap
Not installed
Want new update soon old is only nice it was fast give old one r new one please
Cool
Its so fast.....i love it muwahhhh
Super fun
This app is so poorly designed and such a memory hog I don't even know where to begin. Better off to just use the website than to work with this clunker.
I love facebook
I love it
Great app for connecting people easily.
I like it
This is so amazing
Nice app
great app ever ^_^
Brilliant
But you need increase more features.
I love fasebook very imortent of life
Are you kidding !!!
In this update an error message comes up when trying to watch videos. Please fix. Sony Xperia Z
It.s gud.but it needs more timely changes.
It1450E
Love it
Good
Excellent
Nice
Yup
Its amazing to use. And its easy . to use
looks cool to view..!
It's a great app. Very useful
It's a great app for anyone
Uneeb
Gud
Always good.!
They won't play and it shuts me out of the app
I like Facebook period no matter wat so......
It's ok
Always log :3
L
Its getting better
Great
The only thing I don't like I can't comment ot won't let me besides that awesome
Love thuer games
Video won't auto start or even clicked on the video says that a error has happen with playback.
Always force close five minutes after open fb :(
is so awesome social place
This is slow
Good
KUMAR
Cant see recent post by others. On pages forces closed slow loadin when u go to messeges boxes that show delete and unread are invisible u got to know it by memory like i fid to delete
Loved it
Yes,bug fixes are more developed in this version.
New updates
upgrade more
good
Nice update
Very usefull application
Just need to be more efficient... or describable...
Lovely
Thanks
update
Nice
Since the update,  as I'm scrolling down and reading , it all of a sudden goes back to the top again.  Fed up with it!! Fix it!
Good
Binod
Khaleque
Facebook
Kj
Consulting Homoeopath
Best one afta an update


It is goddmp it
Awesome
Awesome
I am trying to use this But i am not sure that how much better from previous version
good
I just got the latest version of Facebook for my phone.  I always read the comments/reviews of apps before upgrading and I always see people complaining about it being broken.  I've avoided newer versions all year but decided to finally do it and so far so good.  Now I'm playing with all the new features.  I'm very pleased thus far.
It will not let me download the app. Says there is an unknown error code?
I can not play facebook because when i download facebook erorr .when i see this i feel very sad.who can help me to play facebook ban?who want to help me you are my friend me 4ever.*_*
Jabar dust h bhai
Fine
Doesnt crash anymore!
Good
I need to be able to: 1. customize my post privacy settings and have the option of choosing specific people/groups from seeing my posts. 2. be able to see my 'others' folder in my inbox 3. see posts in chronological order.
:) :) :)
Very very nice app
Fantastic
the basic need O:-)
Nice
Love ir
Very good app
Good
It  makes chat   easier
My videos people send still won't play right
Make Most Recent feed as default! Not Top Stories! I am sure other fbookers also will agree with me!
Yes
Like

Nice
...smthing
Fast and fresh!
excellent
The most infuriating problem with this app is how every time I go into it, "Top Stories" are displayed. And they're always the same ones that have been there for a couple days. Why would I want to see those same stories over and over? Why should I have to go and change it back to "Most Recent" every time? This has been a problem for some time now, and I don't know one person who is not annoyed with this. Why aren't you listening to your users' advice and fixing this? This should be your top priority to fix.
Kathy Kitchens
ITS FANTASTIC ENOUGH.
Facebook
Thanks again
Safe
It's good
Way
My favorite network , old friends positive quotes n people that miss u when ur not there !!!
Really amazing, am highly impressed
the best ever this site
I am very unhappy about this version of Facebook. The news feed really sucks and trying to post a status/comment or even a photo and it doesn't show up. You have to keep re-doing it.
Wait  and  see..
The best social network.
Good ap
Good as use in relationship
Excellent I am happy with it
I cant see the pics my friends post. And is very slow cant i get back the old facebook app
WTF!! ITS GETTING INSTALLED & THEN 'SORRY NOT WORKING ' I M NOT LIKING IT :/
Nice app
Facebook
Goods
Somewhat entertaining, sometimes inspirational, can keep you informed @ times. Sometimes TMI!!!
Good
Goo
Esy to play & any person serch esy
I need to update but its too big for me to update! Also, its not about laziness but the option to set the most recent. Every time I pull up my news feed, I see stuff from like two days ago mixed with what's going on now! I like the app and would rank it a 5 star, but I would love to be able to update it and see what's going on now!
Good
I am NOT interested in your top stories! Give me back MY news feed. Also the stop notifications option doesn't work.
Apses  l apsed
Facebook is badass:-)
Its really really amazing n i m a photo picker soo uploading photo on it is sooo simple n fast
i like       ss   enjoy.       thinking
Awesome!!!!
:-) :-)
good apps ever..
Can't log in forgot password. Please help me retrieve it.!!!
Good
Good
it really worked fast;) and it has updates so it has new features.
Facebook connect people
Very good
Never loaded my news feed properly
Just love it..
Its my life
Ah it's okay!
avi
Good app
Please include better functions
Kartik
Love it
<3
I need
Vicky
In my phone whenever I use this app and play any video more than of 2 mins than the video automatically stops with an error after few seconds only
Good
.nice
Nyc
Finally FIXED!!!
Cool app
Waaaaaa
I want the Facebook-app to allow me to view my (and my friends) content on Facebook. Nothing else!
excellant
facebooks best 
Its simplicity, easier and fastest ...wow
It easy to read everythings
Great
fb is ausome helps me keep in touch with family n friends world wide
More power FB stuff!!!!
Facebook
Good application
Why this happen....
Cool
Wow
I don't like this app. It consume too much ram and battery.
Wow!!
Great
So
Achha hai
I love FB app, helps you stay connected with the world, fruit, family, plus I like the ads for random apps. If you like me you wouldn't know what app to get but FB can help you find great things as far as music, events, foods, and anyone can create a music page if you are a artist/ band or whatever. Thank you FB and Google! Later
Nice app.
Very nice app
Awsome
Awesome
Amazing.
Very excelent app
Its a cool app but I wish in the new update it would take less storage, takes up too much
nice app. can find everything in it which is needed on fb.
Ruined my relationship
Good app
Excellent communication app
Gud
I can't view videos on my FB  fix please Pleaaaaaaasssseee! It is annoying n inconvenient when friends share a video and I can't watch it#
i click a pic it clicks back . I hit recent activity it goes back to top. I hit to comment it goes back to reg page. Went from bad to worst there should be a no star for this
City cavite
it's so cool ,this tool is useful for me
Good
Good response
..its easy to use i like it but smetime its going to hung up my phone.
Communicate each other
Awesome app
ang tagal mag install tapos update2 pa raw. amfufu chip ng facebook tagal naman :/ :(
Frisk
Tara
Wao
Awesome apps. :)
Its nice aap it help to tuch with frndz
Good
Updated this app, it kept closing down on me when I opened it. So I uninstalled and re installed and still no luck, it tries to open and then just crashes! Not happy at all!
Excellent
Facebook
Stupid apps... cannot connect to the internet altough connecting is strong.. always shows "pleasa check your internet connection n try again.." please fix this problem...
Everything was great I loved it but it needs to be a bit more faster and sharper if you know what I mean but other than it was still a 5 star*
I like it!
Keeps telling me "Package file is Invalid" Please fix to update
Best
good
P
Loving
My only problem is sometimes when I click on messages it doesn't react and it says I'm on messages but I stay on my news feed.
Addicted
Very slow compared to use in default browser
It closes when i pull down to refresh my messages, & newsfeed.
App sometimes crashes when checking the comments on my status.
The almighty has everything in control great job
I have one complaint just like most people and would like a way to see the most recent stories or feeds from my friends and not the older stuff. I cant see how to do that on my Samsung Galaxy 5 phone.
grest
Talk to relatives world wide
Bakwass
Ok
Love it
Kyaw
This fbk apk is really lovely and brilliant.  Slow sometimes though but really perfect. I love it!
The update sucks
Manisha
Video chat option wud added advantage
I do hate that it goes to top stories by default, I'd much rather see the most recent posts. Also it doesn't alert me to all new notifications, I sometimes come across the app and it's got a 1 above it.
Good
Bueno
Its a majical i luv u fb
slower than before.
Superb
Briliant
Super
Good
Awesome yo
I always use this apps
Good
Good
Keep closing after an update,please fix this..
Bloody awful! Pictures take ages to load and where has most recent news option gone?? I get top stories 2 days old before stuff that happened 10 Min ago. Facebook fix this crap please. On Sony Z1
Works fine
Retired Clinical Physicist.
Nice to connect  to
Its realy amazing
Manisha
Very good
In words
very interesting app!
Awesome
Excellent application
I downloaded your app now I cannot get to my face page so what the deal this sucked big time........
It is very good man!..can see peoples face and their comment!!
I like face book
Description
LAG
Fb
I can't play videos in the news feed !
whenever I try to run the application it stays with gray screen eventually can't get to home and check Facebook
Good application
Excellent
Yeah
Bugs a lot  not even 5 seconds pass without promt''facebook is not responding do you want to wait,report or ok'' even when I click the report option it goes back to menu
I like face book.
Woot!
Fvck ilove it
Super
Keeps freezing when linked with new messenger app.
Its Alot Faster Thn The Lg Facebook!  I'm Enjoining Witout Any Issues.
Getting to meet new people
Awesome!
Always crashes midway while watching clips on  Sony xperia z2..why is that??
Very cool
Awesome finding
J
Very good
Good speed!!!!!
Very good app
Aqui en cuantras nuevos y viejos amigos
I love facebook you will post or anytimes you want
afzaal
Nice
Good
Since the latest update facebook news feed no longer updates. It gives me the message that there is an error.  Please help.
A lot more to improve as it's u, fb!
good
Very good fb  application
Nice to chat
Kull to use
Very good
The bew update is so slow   . Make it fast plxxx   . Its too loading  .
Quite nyc
Hard to use
Know I can use my mbl like as a system Liptope etc
All videos not working.. stopped
Jst Awsm
Acts funny sometime
I want to see most recent posts first
Good
Super
Brill
I Love to put my wife and kids picture. On my Facebook so my family and friend could see my beautiful family. Much love oxoxox.
Fine
Haja
This application is awesome
Good
Shop
most of time with him
Improvements are great and visible...
Ssm
Nice
I love face book more then my study book
Add text copying
Very nice app i like very much
Very Very fast
Adipoli
Excellent App
Hang lamo jasto...phone garda kurai bughedayna..mb matra dherai x...facilities vane xaina...not a good but no bad....download garda kay farak pardaina...
Nt so gd
Crash averytime when see videos,not responding fix this madafaka!!
Terrible
Sucks at tyms bt stil its gud aftr d old bug fixes
Very poor functioning
Recent app option shuld be added soon...If u dnt want to lose you downloaders...
Perfect.. I wish to change my phone to have all features
This aap is good but sometime my phone hang
I like it
You should download the number one app in the world
More improvement required
awesome
I can't watch videos on the app

Superb
It auto closes a lot....A LOT..
Nedd to add "others messages"  "reply to comments in pages"  "search through messages and conversations"
love u
Love you all
chala bagundi frds
Khan
Amazing .. no such probs :)
Very good
Great update
Good
Perfect
Cause the latest update is faster but still can't view the description of the albums ..
Good
Because is not boord
Very slow&jam !!!
Wow
good
Nice
Djdjdj
Nice
Sonal
Best way to use fb.. :)
I can't see most recent and now the new update won't let me post share to my page. Come on guys I want to be able to share posts on my page like I use too. And the most recent not top stories would be so much better then it is now. These are changes that need to be made over wise your going to lose a lot of people
Sharwen
Having lots of trouble downloading Facebook app. And it is taking to long. Make a person not wanting to be a part of the face book family.
Very gud app
Does what I require from it
I get to talk to my friends and eve
I rate no stars seeing as though the update is the worst, I can't see all of my news feed and when I tag people in a post they end up seeing a totally different post! I am not a happy camper right now!!!!
Very good
Slow
I love facebook

Wow
Dzifa Agbai
Very nice  dwnlod now
Can create a dislike button. Since there are some posts not liked by all
title says it all
during saving the pics from fb :( :(: (
Tumhare wajah se students teachers bachelor worker enjeeneer doctor army..............etc***************************** SABHI LOGO KA TIME BARBAAD HO RAHA INKE SATH MERA BHI
Too many permissions
Good friends
Very fine
I cant install facebook.i wanna to install it now
Supeerrrrrrrrrrrr.........
Just got a new phone so had to go with your new "faster" Facebook.  More steps to do what I want to do. You people are idiots. And you don't care what your users want.
Very use full apps
Not satisfied need more features that are user friendly
Great
Desh
These app. Is good for the people away from their home that they dont have own loptop so they connect facebook wherever people are
I agreed with sabestan corea!!!
Very nice
Odlicno
Nothing much
Eexlint
Easy-to-use!
Asome
Ok good app
Awesome
Best
Its ok
too heavy on galaxy pocket!
Faced loading problem while in slow network which is obvious otherwise great app. ....... Hoping for much faster f.b. on phone or another version without chat option which can improve the speed.
Nice one
Ohmygosh. Facebook kept crashing so i have to uninstall then install it all over again. :(
Facebooi
Mahesh Nath Pandey
Awsm
I want my stuff chronologically listed, too. Why is this fb guy such a control freak now? Getting sick of it. It's no longer enjoyable to me.
Faster
Mrs m brewer
Best one
Awesome app, Thanks Mark!
Very interesting
Its really cool guyz.when i opened it i feel relax with speed....
No comment..
Nice
i love it the easy way
I'm rly addicted....
nice
Great app
New version is awesome
Love it
Facebook is getting better and better!!!
Very good update
:)
Bindas.....
Need up date
It's a good network of my life
Facebook
Wahhh best nyeeew
Awesome! easy to lane the app than before...nice to upgrade app...thnxs.....
Good app
nic works
Very fast app
What happened to the friends of friends post button? I miss the old version. It should have the same blue color as the facebook icon has and menu to the left instead of the right when u swipe over. Other than that its fine. Wish you'd change some stuff around again. You should make everything like the facebook on the computer with every setting. yall suppose to be rated #1 In social media app but Twitter ahead. & twitter is created years after yall right.. sad. I expected this app to be rated 4.3.
Ali
Cool apps
Pls make it lit bit faster and bttter
E
Excellent
Nice
Achhiappp h
Its a good app for android..
Why won't this app let you post a photo in the comments ?
Villsss
Good
Hi facebok
Thank you, nice , , wonderful, love it..
Loved it
top developer?? -_-! .. man . fix this isuess.. ! . -_- i dont like da new update men just ordinary dont upgrade and upgrade! -_-
Just EXCELLENT
I want to see most resent post not a relevant or any
I like it was not found in this message
Vids keep crashing
I love to use this app to get connected with my friends.
Tears Nkele
I love these updates of facebook
Facebook
You already know
Very useful in most places :)
Terrible
Good app
Nice
I give 5 for this..
yang penting haapy
Helps me a lot :))
speed poraaaa
Love be
This is a very good app for facebook. One of the big issue is that one cannot save image using this app.
How usu facebook, when i want to update always can't do it.. How to dilevery
good,thankss.
Nice
easy to use app very good quality 2 thumbs up for this
Good job!!!
Hi l.m md .polash hossin
I love it
It's very good
Itz nt great bt k..........
Heee
Virag
Super!.
Loved it
Super
Coooooool
Love myself so much..TQ ALLAH..!!
Nice appppp
Most recent feed news option are again create...
Nice app
It doesn't allow you to copy status
Latest fiction
Excellent
Love it ¡ï¡ï¡ï¡ï¡ï
I just luv this app
It can be a little slow
I love it
This app freezes @ stucks so many time after this new update style. What happen?
Nice
Its Very Very Super Very Slow, And Laggy,And It Turns Of By Itself Then it returns me many times to the phone homescreen.
Great !
Good..
I would like to hope m.z. be for the people not against our privacy.
It good... But need more improvements....
great job!
Good
Nice
My phone started hanging after  i install this app,too slow when working and even exit itself any time I open other app .pls work on all these problems
Its cool but still make it in a way that i can set my phone's wallpaper directly from facebook
Find it rather boring nowadays
The best so far
I can't see Other messages in this application, Inbox is visible though.
Facebook
I LOVE
lik
Happy
Its OK
...mostly unrealistic BS.
Nice apps
the best in ranking.
It is too slow to show any notification.
Begin more faster
Good appp
Images take too long to download
Faceboo
Dakota Dakotajolena@gmail
Good one......
It doesn't want to sync with the other applications. .. Please what should I do
I then updated fb, after that ,it has starteD crashing..  pls fix it..
Good for old groups
Ok
Nayeem
I love it
Ditingkatkan lagi mutu dan kualitasnya
It's not bad app for android
Love it
Joss!
no
Nice
This app nicee work for my phone Samsung galaxy grand 19082
Bumer update
I liked the old one than this one. It was more organized and easy to use.
Nice
Still hate it. Has a 1 on the app icon indicating a notification. The app says I have a message but I do not. So annoying. Tried uninstalling and reinstalling but that didn't work
I like it
This app is one of the most developed apps, I remember when FB was first annonced, I was astonished, compare it to this newly developed version
When I try to add a friend to a status it doesnt recognise them...
Good
I love facebook it's really reallly good than any social networking like Twitter,  hike, etc. I LOVE IT VERY NICE FB TEAM...
Good app
Good
Much better than before
Love facebook
Great App
Marblestone Ins. Agency           Eldoret.
Avinash ainapure
After last update I'm not able to open comment section on news feed or any other pages. Fix it or uninstaling.
I can't put my name because it's not a real name.I am using google+, twitter but only this Facebook doesn't allow me to put my name. I have to put my name's spelling as 'rythm' to sign in for the profile. Also I can't share videos as it is saying that it is not acceptable to their policies.  Google+ is much much better than it. Only it is that it's popular.
Nice app... but its too slow sometimes....
my Facebook app not working properly it doesn't shows news feed
I turn notifications off for post and I still get them every time a person comments.

Ya zama shwem
I choose facebook for my social media. And this apps helps me to connects to my friends and family. Thanx.
Gud app..
Who doesn't love fb
Nice guy..
Its nice
Excellent
Its good for communicating people who's far from you.
I don't need fruity a$$ Facebook on my phone, making me have it blows!
Fine App..
Gud....
Can't copy the wording post
Coool...
I like this app....
Songram
Nice
Cool app from alll :* :)
Nice
What have you done? Videos no longer play. Change it back you f**ked it up!
Good wrking
Facebook apps is very powerful software. Thanks Developer.........
use
Love
Question Tag its fashion
:-D :-D :-D
I loved it
nyc uploading n nyc view image
There is no way of sharing posts onto your own pages since the update. Please fix asap! I don't know why I update when things were working so smoothly before!
Fast
Good
Great
Nic...better than previous versions
How to add photos inside the album group page?
saini
Xyz
Keeps logging me out every five minutes
Nice
Facebook
In to go friends and lloovvee   super experience ..
The app is getting worstier and slower everytime theres a update... i wouldnt even get the facebook app a star at all but it wont allow me to mark zero
This is easy to talk
Ek no hai bhai log fb
Nic
Its a awesome app, love the new updates
This is excellent! !!!
Lol
Good application but is a bit slow in 2g net...
Nice time pass
Nice
I like this app because it's like a computer when u open its wall.
Awesome..
Nice
Way out.
Its sooooooooooo Good
ok
facebook
Ashok
Facebook
Love it
Just fix a few thngs 4 a 5 star rating
It ask to many questions, but then publishes the info, that should  not be published.. LIKE TELEPHONE NUMBERS!!!   Thats how creeps get to where they want to be, and we should be the ones to judge the fact if we want our number on here or not. I had to register with my fon number, so it automatically assumes that i want my number published. Well i don't. I would gladly appreciate it, if i could remove it or put a privacy on my number, that only i could be able to see it.. Because of ppl and harassment,
gay.
Its cool, but when I'm scrolling through going video to video I need a way to see who posted the video I just watched.
Kamran
Dard dilo ke kum ho jate
Lets you look at facebook posts etc. But it still misses options that are on the computer version.
Very good app I love it so much
I like it!!  Well Because....it's really great..but still need to update¡ì¡ì¡ì
Like it ...its clean and easy to use on my ZTE source phone.
Facebook i. Is alittlesuck a place to be
Fgy
Happy apps
oooooooooooooooooooh
Radha soami ji
Seriously Facebook? Biggest app on my phone by more than double
Love this app
5
Its good
Nice
Fb
Gooood n Time paas 
Good
Very easy to keep in touch with friends
It is nt up to d mark or awesome bt it is some wat useful soo 4starz
Love it¡ü
Too slow
nice
Very very nice
Stupid. Would rather surf fb on stock browser.
Needs improvement

Shabbir
Hmm
Good
News feed showing only top stories. No options for recent time. Very disappointed
I m loving it
I can't stop using this app is great just give it a try

Man of action
Wow awesome
Excellent experience.
Why does facebook want access to my texts, phone and microphone? Probably work for the world government spying programs
Drains battery very fast thats the only problem i find it..
Nice
It sucks... UnInstalled.... Slows down my phone
keep up the good work! two thumbs up for you. :)
Very slow loading
Fun
What to say about this app.... Marvelous
100 % us full
Lungsese
facebook
i like this app
Nice app
Its owesom gr8
Meh
Meh
Xperia sola
Kp
i can't saving pictures :-(
Super like
Great app keep updating it
Faster!!"!
It's a very BAD UPDATE!!!It's loading the last page from comments feed again and again....And again,and again....Please fix it!
U huh
Gud job...nice look...
Excellent
Awesome n fast
New update is slow and doesnt load. I hate how unreliable updates are with this app. One update is fine, the next will be buggy.
Everytime try watching videos they keep cutting out. Very annoying!
I like vry much
This is wonderfull
Easy to use, fast , new look,extra ordinary .. add to all a perfect app
I keep on updating fb app unfortunately I can't....
Good to use
Issues with offline likes..
It works a bit slowly on my phone, and doesn't allow me to tag anyone with 3 letters within their names (that is Sam, Jen, etc.) but a nice app in general !
There is no option nw for hiding online.. Thts really bad
Lay bharrii
Great app
Ugh really, that is an update to improve things? I can't accept or send friend requests, I can't comment, or like anything.  I can't share anything. This is ticking me off royally! Ahh, mobile I can't have custom settings for my posts. Fix that, because I used to be able to keep it customized,  but now I can only do that via web. Grrrrr so angry with this app.
Wonderful virgon

Rak
it is a good app i love it
Nice
Face like book
Very good
It works great in high end version cells .. Except some bugs its good app to use fb.
Good app and works good but the missing feature is copying text from it.
lupet
Bad update that I recommend facebook to change it back , it was easier to post or share any post with the selection of privacy , but now it is like sending an email or message that I didn't like it , hopefully you can change it back
best
I like it
I am giving 5 star becoz it deserves
Good!
Admin,plz updated or upgrade system..tq
It connect us
Am not happy because " Facebook Home "app is not for Samsung galaxy grand :(
Owner
Good
Games is good
Good app
SURVEYOR
It doesn't give option to copy text as the browsers do. If this feature is added then this is best.....
Rose Nayre
Suberb
Pujar Maruti
The best
good app...
Need more changes
Suepar
Facebook is amazing so just stop updating it. It's already the bomb ! Haha! :D
Application is ao much good...
Use generally
Good but needs to fix some problems
Nice
After updating, i cant open FB! Sucks!
F news feed
Neetu
Great!
Best vilification .Recent by defalt
Ali
Meh
Excellent apps
I luv it
love it
Love Facebook
Good app....
Samsung phones are not veey good to use with this app as mine slows down frequently and doesn't respond much either. However it is possible to do things just hard.
Wander full
Good social apps
Awesome
Even wonderful is an understatement
Ab
Won't start after new update
Nothing beats the experience of communicating with people from all over the world
Good very good
Goswami
Easy to use
download
Nice app
Thanks
It realy helps to brows messages posted by my friends
Loved    it great app!
One of the good application.... its new features are always very nicd
wow
1'd this
Nice.
It works great and doesn't deem to have many flaws at all
Best servic for facebook Goodservic by facebook
Fix it asap!!! I cant read any comments!!!! U stuffed it up!!!! Argggghhhh
MAHIR
Nothing
I cant play videos with facebook instead i have to play it on my own installed player.More videos cant be downloaded from facebook untill a fb downloader is installed so plz updaye this software and speed up.
Facebook is what it is. I keep in touch with people I wouldn't otherwise talk to, and I've met people too.
God to use
Every version keeps getting better and better.
Bhavesh
What can i say really. Owners are billionaires
Love it
Unable to access timeline review, showing  trouble loading error each time
Love love
Can you please get the timeline in order dang
Love Facebook
good
Awesome
Excellent
Facebook
Better!
I get to chat for free:-)
Facebook
Love
Sebagai tontonan
Facbook
Malik jaan
It's Facebook. What's not good about it?
One of the most disappointing apps out there... many issues with posting, messaging, and uploading pictures
Awsome upgrade it's a must have.
Loving it
this app. AMAZING
Super...
I like this app
So good to me
Nice
Keep up the good work
Gt liked
Before the upgrade it was easier to do everything I needed to and didn't drain my battery as fast as it does now. Please fix this issue and I will give you 5 star's.
very nice well done facebook creator
This commication is very helpful to our society and to easy can see out relations and friends by chatting
No option for uploadin photos to album.....no option for changing pwd.
supr. <3
Good
Love it
My favorite
Good
Gen next
Nice
Hi
Faster your mobile and internet access....faster the app works...!!!
I have over a GB free internal space and over 3 GB free on the SD card but this app won't install.  It says insufficient storage space!
However, it tends to be very slow. The pictures take over a minute to load and the side window drawers take what seems like hours to load. Please fix this?
Great app, loves posting photos and sharing things with friends and family! Works great
Fine
Awesome
Deskeripsi
CARMEN G
Wonderfull
I really hate that I don't have the option to change the news feed to most recent stories! Please fix this!! (Optimus G)
I love it
Osam contivity
An app which lets u connect to ppl , lets u socialise , over all its quite gud n full on time pasd
I like it.
:)
Hiten
Y
Fastest
It is so cool now
No words to say anything...
Mrs.
Not fast but ok....
Best SosMed ever!!
Good
Nthing new
Bht crash hota haii
Very happy man
Excellent
Ok
Thank you very much
I am not able to copy and paste the fonts to share in other social network apps such as viber, what's app..
Looks good
Better Facebook for android.
Always had what I need...keep it up guys
I like it so much
Ok ok bagus
It's too slow
Nic
Ok kot...
Not to good
l love the  updated facebook it is fast and easy l love it
I wish i can reply to a comment and read a reply comment from someone...
This is superb nice speed and speed updating photos and status
App is fine.  I just hate when people see my message but don't reply!!
Faster
After experiencing a good day or two of updating,now i cant see the pictures..cant delete if i dont want some comments or pix...i even turnd-off/on my mobile but nothing has change...so i had to resort to my laptop just to see it all...imagine a waste of my time!!! Please fix it....
fast working and fastest settings..... i am satisfied...
:-D
Yes
Great
Chat window not opening
Very bad app its work very slow
jai jinendra
Butcherr
Dont waste time  please accept fb
S5
Boom
Excellent

Nice
Good
Coll
Great one!!!
Lol this is some bullshit lol jK love it lol
Fb app crashing since morning after login... Pls fix it
Since the last update , when i want to play a video and then i got "Cannot play video" Then Bamm!! I got Force close , please fix it , thank you.
Fine one!!!!!!!!
Love the app hope it doesn't make my phone crash
:-):-)
Ok
Very great app
My fb page works 100% worst since update. It's terrible
worst update
Apik coy dicobo ae
Fine
Awesome
In this last updates fb app disabled manual video  player. Now we can't download any video of fb. It hearts. If someone know how to download video please help me.
Igvx
It's really good
Great Love it :)
FC after update
fix this and I will give 5 stars
facebook
Great app Bt Has Alots Of Unnecessary Updates!!!
Only lets me scroll down and read like ten stats then the whole app closes.
Superb
This is one of my favorite net-working sites. Keep it up!
Simply love it
Facebook
Kaint
Nice
Its awsome to hve fb on your phne u dnt hve to go on the web
Excellent
Anyone like Drawing or art you gonna like looking at it.
Wow.great app
Kumar
Su
Alright
Takes a lot of time to load.
Good
Ashutosh jaiswal  very good browser
Facebook best.......
Recent version not allowing to save few pictures as the option hide under comment and like. Tapping on that brings comments and likes. This need to be fixed
No-1
evrytime i open it forces to close it takes several minutes before i can use diz app,it makes me mad.
(y)
fb application not work in this ph I dont like this apps
Awesome
Sangat berguna bag I saya
Mirza haseeb ijaz
So many updates
Excellent
Ok
Awesome
Yeah!
Great A+
Very like
super
Awesome.
Nice
Please try to find a way to fix the transparency of the comments box for those who have the Android L preview on their phone. My comments box is transparent instead of white.
Why can't I get most recent on my normal FB, meaning the section that's all the way on the left of the upper menu bar? Why do I have to go to the far right section, scroll down to find where it says Most Recent, click on that? And then when I exit the app and come back later, I have to do it all over again. Fix this and it'll get 4-5 stars again.
Nice
Likes
Buitiful
Dude this game is totally kool....
Amaging
Great
I dont know why...
Super hai boss
i love it
Good
Perfect
It also gave any post text selection option must be there.. It mean copy option...But in Facebook at long press in any text there r no text selection n copy option..
I've been relatively happy with the app except for fb choosing whose news I get to see. Let's see if update fixes new crash issue after phone update...
Good
how i wish this apps can copy paste..i am using facebook to my business but i need to use safari browser for copy paste some files i need to send..please please do something about copy paste..
Great
At least
nothing
I love to chat on facebook
The UI of this new version is not user friendly. The new functionalities are good but ease of use should be better.
Facebook
So awesome
agoezo
Wont let me even download it this some booty
Facebook
I always loved fb, but I updated it and now it won't stop crashing! I don't know what to do since i use it daily, but if it isn't fixed I'll have to stop using it and it's the main way a get ahold of family I haven't seen in forever since we live too far away.
Ok
Vvf
Thank you for syncing notifications across my devices. That is awesome
Its just too gud
Michael Mc Manus
I like
Its a gd app
Sunisurya
Average
Ok
It constantly needs updating. Everytime I check my apps for updates, everyday, it needs updating!
Loved it
Good
It is d bst app
Excellent
I like this app
Karan
Facebook is improving and getting even more better. I love using this app.
Since the latest update, the app keeps crashing. Also, the order of my timeline is worse than ever - yes, I know how to reset it to 'most recent' but every single time my timeline refreshes, it goes back to 'top stories' and I have to manually change it again. Is it so hard to let me pick an option and stick with it?!
fast
Deepali Techi
Me Boo
It keeps crashing lately. I'll open it, but if I so much as tap the screen, it closes. I can't scroll through my news feed anymore, and it's really annoying.
Easy, Nice & Beautiful
Fast speed
Ok
Cool Mah ninja
Nice apps """"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""sanju khanpur
Nice
I like facebook.
I love facebook
This update is dumb
I really like it
I love this app.<3
I Love This Application !
Like
i love india
Whatever improvements and features I wanted in FB for mobile has been added finally !! Thanks FB for that :)
:)
Keeps telling me that my email address is invalid... says it's not a secure link when I try I send it via a message... I use my email everyday, so it's obviously not invalid!
I like it at some point but other points it's frustrating
The fastest way to keep in touch with your family and friends.
You guys still need to fix facebook its stilll saying paying own my phone and its not own please fix it and I give you a five starvwhen its fix
Time Pass
Me likey
What's up
Facebook
Whoot
Good
apik rek !
Great
Raju
Awesome apps for fun joke & time pass with friends
If the Fbook app keeps updating, it should at least cut out redundancies.  I would expect this software to get faster and sleeker, but on the android, it keeps making things more complicated with it's menu. Not everyone wants to upgrade or update their phone with the newest version of it does the same thing.  If it to become slimmer and stop adding MBs to my phone/then I would be able to recommend it. Right now it's a fat monster that drags my phone down like a heavy sloth.
Facebook, is awesome!!slow at times but great!
Nice
Trying to update this app for a while now and it keep saying error...
Facebook is great
Awsum
It's good
Cakes
Y
Force close when you search a person in search button.. on my Galaxy pocket..
A good waste of time!
Works flawlessly. Awesome app. 5*
I can't open my groups...
Last update sucks
the app it self is good but if you have a bad service plan might as well not even download!! -.-
like..
Vry bad app
Lovely
All you ever keep doing is changing things htc one and just keeps getting slower and slower bunch of nooobs
Its verry useful to update pls do it updated
ganda na talaga ng fb
Keep Facebook alive ...
Awsom
Like
Nice this application
The new app works fine even with lower connection speeds amd organises data well. Very user freindly amd easy to use.
Supahlike
No option for Video download even after a long press on Video.
Very good
Coool this app made my life!!!!
OK app.
Likr
Awsome
You dont have to hate it cuz its look is a little bit different than on computer/laptop/tablet/transformer book.....
It is god but hangs alot plz fix it and how to see messages from other people which are not your friend
Install now
Cool
Lately, the app has been randomly pestering me with push notifications that I never said I wanted, and there is no way to turn them off. The "Do you know this person?" and the "Close friends" notifications are extremely annoying, especially since I have not added any close friends, AND I have the close friends notifications completely disabled. Yet, I still get them.
Love it
Awsm...
Ex
Love
Nice
Just amazing
Good
Nice 2 meet our old friends
Lovely
Awesome app
Simply I love it
Good
good app
Shanu
Yeah
I like it. one of the best application among others
Awesome app, however... Cant like pictures, or comments. Can only search for friend, not groups or pages. Chat is always online.
Rekha
Awesome
Stable and functional as of right now
this game is awesome
Very nice
i love dis app
not copy paste option its very bad.
I fuckin love this app
Wowser
Very poor..........
Connected the world
Muhammad ali
Thanks for us
ready easy to use so fast it post everything so good
amaze
Good
Working perfectly for me, Alhumdulillah
I like it
SweetHaney Anne & Ashar Panthera
I have been having trouble viewing videos on my Facebook app for a couple of months now. I click on the video and a messege pops up saying the video is temporarily unavailable. I sometimes have to click on the video several times with the messege popping up every time just to view it. Sometimes I cannot view videos at all. Please fix this.
Facebook you change the world of social media
Very nice
Hehe
Awesome
Ya ah mejorado
Excellent App.. but please provide the individual turn off chat option
The feed is all messed up and they require access to all your information which I'm sure they're making money off of.
I'm having trouble with my newsfeed its saying unknown error
luved it
Find and reach out to loved one's.
Error, all day long
Simply an excellent app!
Truely Zakas
Amazing
Very nice
Since the last two updates I have not been able to find friends by searching through my contact list. It searches and then says "no contacts found".
Good
The best
Buatkan lebih pantas
Awesome
Good updates
Very good
Beautiful.app
Other than the constant asking if I want to update and wont let me update because there is not one... I enjoy using this social media.
Love this app
Best app ever!!
this app is best app in world
Keeps on force stopping
At first updates make me crazy........  But gradually they become better ;)
Whats the point!!!
Nice
Super app
Nice...not sooo good....it hangs my cell phone galaxy poket..
Ok
Jagdish
Just simply love it...
E
The app very smooth now compared to what it was before. Toggling between photos, comments and timeline is very smooth with no lag like before. Would like if a slide out menu is present in the UI

Best
must imporve
average.....
So good
Doesn't let you play videos
Love this social network, it's the best out there.
Its so slow and my newsfeed wont and it takes a long time to comment or lode a comment
Sagar
Facebook is everything!
Ok
Always showing connection error in login
Nyc app
I enjoy the new look and functions :D
For who uding good purpose
Good
I mean what can I say about this... Its the best idea EVER. But can you start emailing out  Facebook manual.  Thanks
Easy to use... thanks facebook for always updating me... :-)
This app is a real lifeline and link to all those I love! Always a click away from a key message. I am sure there is more up your sleeve but I am quite contented as it were.
I love Facebook!!
Awesam app
What's not to love lol everyone does it everyone is doing it or has done it and no one can live with out it whether or not the app is crap
It doesnt always let me like a post .-. Thats gay
Latest update. . I don't know how to save video from fb.. if I can do it.. I'll rate 5 stars..
This app iz cool
Bad a
I like it so far
Nice application for all people who want share own feelings to other
Always fc when opening app through wifi
Only problem is that it insists on geting me to check in to places an update every aspect of my profesional life,  also "Facebook's relevant stories" are not relevant to me.
Very faster
it s ok but not so much
I gave this app a horrible review last time. Glad to see all the problems I had are either less severe or fixed now. Still not perfect but a great improvement
Super....
Nawar khan
Love facebook
Juno
More fun in Facebook <3
awesome
Not bad....just remove the compulsion for the update...
star
I want to thank these ppl for making facebook. It allows me to find nd keep in touch with friends nd family. That i havent seen or spoken to in yrs. Again thanks
Mendingan
Excellent communication
Facebook
Lot of lag.
Amazing
It's good
Become slower after the last update not working smoothly plz fix it
Raju
What's wrong with your update? It always stop responding now after a minute or two then crash. Please fix then I give 5 star again. Thanks :)
Its just kinda slow
015
Excellent
I love it
Good how much updates do u want I hav ti update every day
Facebook for vidios call
Facebook should add the feature to copy or save the text from the posts......really it would b good.
Whenever I open a chat it freezes
Keeps closing!!
Nexus user
I love it easy and fun
Cool
Hi
Thanks
Best to connect long lost friends and loved one's
Plz fast speed fb
Love
Good
Really superp
love it
I m ruvel
Most recent lost
Dope
loved itt
Great portal to keep in touch
They won't play and it shuts me out of the app
This app is so useful
Excellent
Cool for real friends an family ..
:-)
Lovable....
usefull
Great application. Love it
Facebook Mobile kinda felt slower than the desktop version but I guess improvements are being made now and then
Latest update will not allow posting picture via share menu directly to a friends wall
Very useful app
Wala namang ngbago
Updates screw with the functionality of the app sometimes but overall I guess it could be worse.
FB has made me to find many frndz & with this social media I could stay connected with all my frndz & relatives
Good
A truly commited apps to make person connected to each other by means of network  even miles and miles away,,,,
It takes a long time to load god dam
Facebook
Good
I used to love it...But the new update don't let me download any picture.
Ever since my update this has been giving me CONSTANT problems. I use facebook constantly for my online store and without it I will lose business. Please fix it. Cuz right now it is $hit!
Ayuh kita memancing
All for one ,One for all
Been freezing on my note 3 lately... only app that does it.
I am not sure how or why I have to do this
Same
Like this new version but i have to uninstall this cuz no space to my storage...
How to exit this app.  I mean manually how to close.  It always running. So my mobile battery drain quickly. Please fix it. Device performance is drain after installing this app
WO
Nice
Facebook
Now that we're immune to the new ads, the app is probably the most-used on my phone.
Pula
Its da bomb
Regions sucks. Period.
Man I love fuckin chat so I love this fb app so much.
Happy
yessss
It's coo I guess
Maybe it's just me but I hate seeing my search history on anything. Whether it be Google or Facebook it just bugs me . I noticed with the recent update that it now shows recent searches. First off I question Facebook for keeping that data but secondly I really don't want to see it. It doesn't help me, just reminds me of what I previously searched. In fact, it distracts me from my original purpose. Please fix or give me a disable option.
Good
Wowww
Poop,poop,poop,
Simply the best. I can't live without it
Love
Only complaint is the poor scrolling which can lag or freeze!  Glad improvements were made to minimize data usage.  So far so good.
Completely... Time waste.. But we vl meet older frnds here for shaing great moments...<3..
Thank god for whoever made this social apps its the best I could say keep it up for or good work
Waw
My love i love u
Its  a  supperb app
Literally the worst
You wanna know why? Its b'cos of bugs and the fact that with this version i cant go directly to my frnfs timeline sru inbox.
App runs slow and have to refresh constantly in order to get most current notifications. over all its a decent app.  Would love for it to work like it does on my desktop and laptop.
This s****ht here is a joke hope they have something better
It's good now
This is a entertainment not a shering other person
It does the job.
Watch dawg
Super
Vg
Fulllllll timepAss
World with you every time in moments. .
Ok
Kinda slow but i love it
Every update let's fb did deeper into my drawers...
Good
Its best app for facebook users.
Cool app...wid new features..handy
very  nice
THAKUR
amazing
thanks
Thollayhalin aarambam
FB for android is getting better, but its still not up to par with other FB apps. It's still slow, sometimes buggy, and missing some basic functions that require the web to access.
I don't like how it deletes a post if you accidentally tap on delete post. It should ask to confirm deletion.
U
Love it...
Little slow and lags
Awsm
This app is awesome!!
VERY NICE AND BEST WORKING
Waiting to see what it's all about.Assuming it will be better than before. Let me in on it!
like it!! :)
This app is amazing it works more faster and u can view anyone pages superb!!!!
Love it since the first day life is not perfect and neither is the apps all apps have bugs to fix no worries here worth the wait ty again fb team for working so hard to keep this app better and better
This app keeps force closing. Please fix.
Stop crashing stupid app.  I hate these updates they always suck.  Plz fix it!  -galaxy S5
Great
I enjoyed here
¡î¡î¡î¡î¡î ;-)

Thanks fb
best
It's a great app overall. It doesn't always open on my phone, it shuts off and says Facebook is not responding. After several tries it finally works right but other than that its great.
Very weight
I love facebook because I can connect wit my friends and family and tlk and post pics.
I get to see all my family and friends everyday
Rahul yagnik
good morning
Hk
Easy to use
Nice i really like it
Supperb
Loph it
It's a great way to stay connected to ¨q£¨¡ä¨¨F£©¨q£¨¡ä¨¨F£©¨q£¨¡ä¨¨F£©¨s GO!
Like it
This app is great but it runs slow and often exits me out of the app due to loading problems.
hiio
Mr larry beaver
I love it
Fair
Cooooooool
Great
Very nice appp
Nice!!
It's good to meet new people family u have'nt talked to in a while or family u dnt kno
I think this app is awesome u should totally get it
So good.
Thanks developer
Excellent
It's ok
-4-
Nice
Excellent
Love it
Why is what fb thinks is a top story the default
Really usable app   Better than browser db
Events and gift baskets
Thanks Facebook
awsm
YOU SUCK. each update is literally worse than the one before. Not only does it not load the first time, but if it does ever load, it takes forever. And now the whole app is slow. Give up.  Now pictures REFUSE to upload. Zero (0) stars. UPDATE: now the feed changes while I'm reading it. Are you doing this on purpose?
I love it fanily  I can talk with friends with other people are looking
For Galaxy S5
Aap
Too slow
Dear Facebook,                                    lf you can't find a way to make the news feed chronological by default, I'm going to find my way to Google+.
I love Facebook..
Lovely
its a good facebooook
Use Too much ram

It eats my ram alot. Pls fix it. I have only 256MB ram. And it eats a lot of phone memory and even rom... It takes 33MB
I think this app makes it easier to get on Facebook I like it
Connecting in world
much useful to view videos and download images with fast time but takes more place in phone memory
Bla bla bla
My pic comments will not upload ,Plus the thread does Nothing but loop around....please fix
Scamer
Hate when u keep scrolling through the news feed. It keeps repeating everything over and over.
My Facebook app can't play any posted videos. Always an error message.
It keeps running all the time with high memory_CPU usage
HTC One M7 running 4.4.2. News feed won't refresh.
it is not working on Samsung Galaxy Note2. error message when installing
Its take too much time to open an image in inbox.
Works good enough to do everything even make calls and video.
I don't like much memory Facebook takes up now. I can only have the fb app and one other app then my phone has no more space. I liked the facebook before the update. It uses way to much memory now. I would just use the browser but my browser won't show pictures and is too slow so I have to have the app to enjoy Fb. But as soon as I get a computer with internet this app will go bye bye.
Not the best but I am ok with it
is hart
But i like old vertion oly
Great app        Y
Thank you
Love it
Should have the sort button , to much work to scroll to the right lmao .
Getting better and better.
Keep creeping on the public weirdos
App is ridiculously large, cannot switch from most recent to top stories instead just a clump of random crap in no order, freezes constantly, can never seem to fully stop the app even after force closing. Before the last couple updates it was fine but somebody effed up. If I could give it less then one star, I would.
why I love Facebook going to find old friends and family members and everything and you get connect with your old friends and ketchup on everything what's going on in the world
this is one of the best updats for facebook
Too slow..
;)
Since the new update it doesnt load my notifications... or my msgs...
Good
Not fond of the latest update. Sorting the feed by most recent is now a PITA and can't be set as the default view.
Would give a zero stars rating if possible. Since I updated app it has been freezing my phone. And if it actually decides to work takes forever to load. And then does nothing. I'm deleting!!!
Nice
It's really annoying that I have to keep opting to have the feed/statuses in chronological order. Once I ask to sort it that way. It should set. Facebook fix it please! So irritating!
Best app. But sometimes it hangs up.
Loved the app, until i recently updated it. It doesnt let me tag people in my photos and when i try too it brings me right back to my camera album. Please fix.
Its not the greatest. But i love it.
Too good
Please fix that
Great
Lov F.B...:).  keeps me close to Family and frends all around the world...thanks heaps F.B.  soooo HAPPYYYYYYY..:))
Superb!!!
It's very good but it has a littles errors
Killer
Please my Facebook apps doesn't indicate my location I.e when ever I made a status it doesn't describe a certain location.
World no application
What happened to the most recent option on news feed? I despise the top stories, I don't see most of the things my friends post that way. Facebook is quickly becoming one of those things that is more trouble than it is worth to me.
Good   app
There's an add limit now? FU I do what I want!
Nice one
Why did you change the video look? It was just fine the way it was.
This is slowel work
it is slow in my device
CNA/RA
Nice to be touch with friends
I always want to view my feeds as most recent, not top stories. But every single time I go into the app I have to change it to most recent. But then some of my friends' posts  won't show up. But when I reopen the app (most recent is the default) I see friends posts that don't show up on my most recent list. Once again, disappointed with this app.
Totally enjoy
Love it works just fine on my samsung galaxy s4
I like it
nurulaisya
Amazing
Need to be able to set most recent as default
Amazing app!
Love it
Advice
I need to wait like 5 minutes to watch a picture
Super
Facebook should always be handled with caution!
Alluru
Nice
Loved it
Hi m Mukesh Use to Facebook
This is an awesome app but if u don't sign out every time it drains or battery plus uses alot of data. Other then thats it a full star all the way
Hate new FB!
I haven't been able to access my news feed through the app in days. I've deleted, reinstalled and done all the trouble shooting. Super annoyed.
Selection of pics to upload becomes difficult as there is no folder view . We have to go through all d pics if d pic is at d end . Plz make it folder view for easy selection .
Update is bad
I keep getting jumped around when viewing news feed.  Results in missing old posts.
Faster apps
Dr tak ada
Lol
facebook
Add alert quiet time!  No need to be woken up at 2am from an alert!  Add more notification alert options please.
But let me tel that how can i find friend by phone numbers in this updated app..i did not find option plz help...
Good
I thinke its a good for indroide mobile
Good & Nicely app
Kool
Like
Nlc
Its additive thoe ;)
For some reason for about the past week if someone tags me in a post it isn't showing up on my timeline. It did before. It sends me a notification that someone tagged me in a post but doesn't appear on my timeline. I've checked my settings multiple times and everything is the same. I just don't understand. I've tried reporting it with no answers.
Is cool
The supplanter of myspace... the app that allows you to check into low self esteemed chicks posting their selfies and chat them up to try and get them to sleep w you.
Working great
Great,App
Really, facebook? I've been waiting for years for you to create a tablet version... Windows 8, for example, has an amazing tablet interface! Please give android tablet users a proper Facebook UI
Ok
Rock
: ) :) : ) :)
Super
Every time I update this app it is worse than the last update.  I don't want to wait 5 minutes for my news feed to load.  I would rather use my chrome browser for facebook than this awful app.
very simple....and free
The app froze up so had to un install and trying to re install now it gets stuck on 93% download. .Have tried several times and same thing...:(
Updated my Facebook yesterday and went to get on it and it was no longer on me phone it un installed by its self
Memberi banyak pengajaran dan  pengalaman
Happy
Very awesome! 
I love it. it wks perfectly
I love this
Its not working properly
Cool
Uninstall  n install again etcetc
I can't see my comments when people respond to my posts.
You don't live without this!
very Very poor .brower
Very easy to use after last update.
I don't know why I even update Facebook. It gets worse and worse with each update! I can't see previous comments on status or pictures. The bottom does nothing. In order to see any comments, New or old I need to go into the persons timeline, hunt down the post, and then click comments because going from the notifications shows nothing for comments. also, commenting always comes back with "a problem occurred, please try again" even though it posted. This is ridiculous. Fix these bugs and then LEAVE IT ALONE
World class app
Can not login keep telling me pasword is wrong.
i like this applicatio
Awesome
It hasn't been the best, but also not the worst , can't complain!
I Hate this new update. for now i need to uninstall this new version please fix the problem, I install this app when the problem will fixed .
Freezes. Notifications intermittent. Get it right or leave it alone!!!
Nice
3 stars bcoz its okay but sometimes it is very log it hangs and it is keep on saying that facebook inst responding do you want to wait??? Duhhhh
Good
Holla
Sexy
.needs to up date faster
It's not tht bad :p but thanks for the developerz
With the last update...several issues, again!  The edit feature is gone again!  Please fix this.  These updates are getting worse instead of better.  One step forward and two steps back...
Loving it
Great
Add maximum photo tag opton on one click  and thems option and pre added locking system for privicy
Nice
nice
I love facebook
Facebook app is laggin all the time...why u didnt fix bugs before update? Last and current version always lag :/
Love it
Face book
I love Facebook I am in the ministry and it allows to reach people across the miles and it helps me to help others
Facebook
time passing
Good
It is more crap to down load
Between this app and messager app I dislike Facebook for tablets. I can't open Facebook without it freezing up. Messager same thing. I have to turn off my tablet to unfreeze it. This isn't a every now and then its every single time!!
This app FINALLY updated correctly and so it is now worthy of the 5 star rating!
Poo
Mmm not the best appp
If does not support to my device
Loved it!
For some reason whenever i save pictures from this app to my phone (it's a T-Mobile concord) it comes up in my album as a blank white picture
I loved it its really good
Fun
Good..
Good
What is happening with Facebook? ??? Still slow and picks and chooses my news feed....bs
But every month update is irritating.
Great
(y)
It won't play videos. Fix this issue please.
Use's to much resources...
Good one
I can now communicate to my love once!
Please fix as soon as possible.
Battery drain/ constant changes
Good
Its Coo Dat Dey Got Dhiss. ErBody Likes It...
Not getting true
Nice to contact.......
The app has improved since last time I reviewed this.  Still lacking feature wise.
The best
Sometimes when we are outside, we need to update something but definitely don't want to see by certain personal, why Facebook mobile not able to come out with custom filter, instead of have to filter out a group of people!? Please put in the feature during next update¡­ or update it immediately!
Dong ain't that long
Excellent
I like it.
Very nice
No problems. Great!
Love it
Hans
Latest version is better than others. Easier,faster,better.
For awhile now, my "important" news feed will show day-old posts. I much rather see most recent posts.
Awesome Social network site
Alright
I like it
All friends and family at your finger tips...
i think its only app in the world which would probably in all smart phones across the world
Love it
Love it
Great no days and night without FBI app
Good
niks
Super
Very nice..
Great
Notifications never update.
Super app
I just wish it woulsnt have to load so much
I would like to see the most recent post instead of the popular post from 3 months ago. I miss alot when I am always viewing whats popular. My facebook has updated several times and I still can't see what the update is for! Also sometimes when I am posting a pic and I click on it before submitting a post it loops and takes me back the posting screen! 
i just hate facebook, that's all :P
I do not like this new layout, it is sucky!!!
Fast
This is the only way I can get in touch with my friends sooo yea I like it :)
To many updates...
ftrr the new update i m not able to open my fb id through this app ......  it is very slow.....
Love this app :))
Love it
Overall app
Great and fast just don't like the force closing and frozen screen every fee days
Love fb no problem
Still waiting for the "via android"
Keshri
Loved it
Tanks
Dapat banyak info
Still missing some features that the full web version has. Example: Being able to view "Other Messages" from people you aren't friends with yet.
Fantastic

Jaywantgaikar
I loved it..fb app is very intrestd one..i like it so much..dudezz....
Osam
Cool
It's a great app and it's awesome depending on your friends also the people that you follow you choose wisely your friends especially all the kids there's always bad people trying to contact you
This is superb. ...
Love
It was good other than it kept crashing...
It's one of the best social network in our hands. It's so simple and very ease to operate.
Fix this app asap. Can't do nothing. Network error keeps popping up
:)
Hi I am su in meerut Fb Is time pass
not working
Facebook is jus very cool!
My people I might know are people I have no clue existed I have like 60 year old people from San Francisco fix this is terrible
Its just the same as the normal facebook
U will love  this app. U can  enjoy the updated version  day by day. Its working great on my  HTC desire x
constant crashes now
go friend me my name is  Jaspen Jade Raye!!
VERY GOOD GAME. BANG
Ok
Megusta
Not getting notifications now, widget is blank and will not update, and it is constantly locking up my phone. Droid X ICS
It's taking me back to home screen
Everything was fine before I updated this app and now none of my comments post..I had to reinstall the app...
News feed sort issue
Brilliant app
niceeee
Good
I love this app i use it everyday
It keeps force closing plz fix!!!
Good
What's life without Facebook?
Best application and so fast
Can communicate with my friends and have sex chat :p
Gets stuck while scrolling, take 3 to 4 seconds to be live, sometimes crashes too. Has improved a lot in past few months. Like the option of saving images directly from the app, which was previously not available. The 'chat' in the app shows the friends online (green) status quite late, or if a friend has gone offline 'the last seen' will show active (or green), well this is quite misleading at times, have to refresh a lot of times to know if a friend is really online or offline, should be like whatsApp.
Yup...awesome...but not so reliable...
Best app
I try repeatedly to log into the application, only for it to crash and throw me back into my home screen! NEVER HAD THIS PROBLEM BEFORE THE UPDATE!!!! Please fix and I'll up the stars, thanks.
Very very importance development
Love it
Very nice social network
MediA
super
hal¨¢...lagotka...i-nako..!
This update sucks connection error mpst of the times
Still has minor bugs but getting better
Wow
This is great app but it doesn't show you the any status or anything by sorted time.  Means first pages says 2 hours ago and second says 2 min ago.
better
I've always been a fan of this App. I have fb to thank for the ability to keep up with family and catch up with friends, all while never having to speak to anyone. Teehee! Two Thumbs up, although I rarely like when the powers that be decide to drastically update the configuration every couple of months.
I liked this apps......
New update does not show most recent posts.
I
Graciela Vasquez
Best social network ever
I like this app
Thanks for the app
Another lousy update... Problem playing videos and errors here and there. Bs.
I can't use facebook application!!!! I have internet connection but it keeps on saying ERROR LOADING NEWS!!
One thing wrong
GOOD APPS FACEBOOK
Family Connection
Great for keeping up with family miles away
Its nice
Glad to be able to connect to friends again.
GREAT APP
Good
I wish I can video chat in facebook on my phone
It's....it's alright ....if I might say so  myself....
it works great
Good
Ok
Great
I only have one complaint, It's slow!!!! Otherwise Excellent!!!!
Yep
I really dislike the new update. I liked being able to select a wider more specific group of people. For example friends except acquaintances.
Super duper but sure there is enough space in your memory card, otherwise its lagging in speed. Keep up the good work .
Looks like your slowly getting rid of the MySpace techs!
Plese
Since the most resent update some of the videos won't play
VIRTUAL DREAMTIME
:)
This is one of the worst apps ever. With every update, it gets more dismal. If Facebook spent the same time and money on improving the user experience rather than spying and data mining, they would get somewhere. Oh well! One may dream.
Like fb but twitter is better
Awesome
Easy access and everything is pretty much right at your fingertips. Very nice
Too much of a pain to keep my feed in most recent
Its okay app. Just not sure about the monitoring of it. Not a save place to talk with family or friends,without big brother controlling it all.v
Good
Gary Alexis Loved it...
Can't set news feed default to most recent? The news feed is probably the most used feature of Facebook. Basic coding required here guys... are the app developers THAT amateur?? This is *still* a well deserved 1 star.
Notifications doesnt make a sound when it comes it
God
Could be faster but it's okay
Not bad
Thx 2 FaceBook
Happy
:)
Nice
Oppo Neo
greet
Vry nice
Works like I said but not a huge fan of face book but the app does help me stay connected to family
great app ever..!
It Will not load anything 
It'll login and Thts all 
Keeps trying to refresh but nothing happens
The app is not the same as the site I see things not the same
Much better with the update
I love facebook.I  can't live without it
Nice
Love it
It's awesome 
This is a really fun Nd easy way to specialize with ur friends
Love it
But cant search in massage for pics and cant go to next page! Plus Can u fix this or change when u upload any pic or video they should show in there folders not All together! Its make phone slow and hard to find pics, thanks
I love it
I love the social media
What
Quikest load ever
Problem when the device restarts, facebook contact list in phone contact is lost and needs to be synchronized manually. This did not happen before the update android version 4.4.2, it is usually permanent and will disappear if signout facebook account. Can solve this problem?
Nicely done
It won't let me download Facebook update keeps saying error 498. So i did all the steps including unstalling it and now i can't reinstall it.
The app is completely broken. For about a week now  every time I go into the app  it freezes completely and won't allow me to scroll or interact in any way. Even force stopping the app doesn't help. Unbelievable and unacceptable.
Loved it
It make my phone play
Ok
this is my favorites
Cool
I love it!
Is Amazing
could be faster downloading,but still good too have
Battery issue and some bugs!!!!
Yup
Sexe
After last update nearby friends when pressed shuts Facebook down.  When I was using beta version left beta version and still shuts down as of 07052014 still happening. Still don't work
Cool
Nice
FACEBOOK
Facebook is great! You can share your feelings,photos, lovely moments, videos with your friends and family.       The only bad thing is that it loads to slow.
Fun stuff
Love
UPDATE: very buggy. Randomly jumps back to the start of your timeline causing you to lose your place. UPDATE: a recent update resolved most of the timeline/crash issues. But it lacks some basic functionality, ie, you can't upload photos from Dropbox accounts, or long-tap to paste URLs into status updates. UPDATE: now they've added some frou-frou, but my timeline locks up. Zuckerberg's still outsourcing alpha-testing to end-use.
It's terrible I utterly hate it!!!!
Facebook crashed with out warning can not login put all the right stuff name bday cell number no login
The app continues to freeze and will only work right after multiple force closings.
Selecting "turn off notifications" does absolutely nothing.. I end up receiving a ton of notifications until I just delete my comment on someone's post.  Talk about annoying
Love face book
all in my world
I DONT WANT TOP STORIES
Nice and faster i love it
Remove adds then maybe Facebook would improve
error "-24"
Still Sucks!!! Fix Please!!!
Could not play videos
Nice
I love Facebook
Better than browser.
Hija
Best update till now... Very cool & smooth...!
since the last update facebook will not load pics
Good
Verry nice
Good application, always got good updates and very good with notifications
Thanks facebook team for reviewing all of our suggests and reports :) :D
But videos won't work at all fix it

Good now
Inflexible
Unfortunately it takes up a lot of space and u can't put on SD card. I also hate that I can't d/l my own synced pics. There mine on my acct so why can't I do what I want with them
Please fix crashing.
Love it
Great
Very nice!
Next update, worst then the last! Rather then getting better, you consistently manage to make the app worse! KUDOS for sucking so bad, FB!!!!!!!!! One let down after another!
more faster n easier
Seriously? They took away the "most recent" from the newsfeed option. This app is now useless! I don't want to know what happened 20 hrs ago! POOR!
Awesome
Excellent app, everything runs well. Obviously a must download.
Good
We can download a photos in fb bt thr s no options to download a videos. .. pls try to develop tat option..
Nic
The new facebook update sucks I'm not likeing it what so ever
its compleatly useless tryna use it i cant under stand why i cant see just no post unstead of two post form 2012 can u fix it
Why I can't see recent posts as default !!
Zerrrrrrrrroooooo
Face book.........is THE BEST.
I love your app
Good
It's good.
Thanks for fixing it
It's cool.
Nice
It's getting better than the previous updates for sure. Less glitches
Y
Best
Love
Yep.  Everything was working great. Then you decided to roll out an update. Thanks. Now I can't see any new comments to anyone's post. Lovely work, geniuses.
Easy to use and find friends.
Thurumu
Best
Ok
Facebook
Excellent working all types of andro phone
My Nexus 5 runs basically every app well, but this one is mediocre in performance and now its spamming me for beta features which allow the user to find friends nearby. Irritating app but since I'm in the Facebook ecosystem I'm sort of stuck using it.
Is faster
Xda papa yeh
Don't let me save photos to my phone keep say error saving photos
6hours ago?? Worst update!!!!
The best  this program
Garbage
Cooling
I s nt good while comparing wth old version  .... Updated should be best but its nt like tht so need more  Feed r loading dead slow .....
Sempoi
I love it
Awesome application
conect and see your friend
Keep doing a good job with the updates and the wonderful apps but don't forget u need to make improvements on helping ppl protect themselves from the pervs
Its gud
Wow..
Exelente
Dis app is so cool
Very Slow
I cant watch video
Wonderful
Good
Aaahhhhh Facebook.
Why is it everytime i launch it it just crash and crash and crash "uninstalled" sorry just fix it..
Crashes way too much. But when it is working it seems to work decently.
Facebook is awesome for everyone it gives u info and you can search for people. Thanks too the Facebook makers!! 
I like Facebook .
Good
Working fine even n 2g speed. Awsm app

Keep in touch
I'm loving its!
New and best
AWESOME
Great app
Good
Like. Facebook. Can keep. In touch with family &friendship
Awesome !
Yay
Facebook
It automatically stops  while using and again automatically starts after some time
Very happy since update
Free tym activity
Because I can add a new friend and call him by the messenger and know where is he live to visit him something like that .
I love it
Awful
I agree with everyone else.  The up dates awful.  Can't get some of my pictures from friends
NOW CAN'T SAVE PICS! IT SAYS ERROR! Ppl want recent news feed as default! Make it easier to find your post in groups!
Hope this doesn't turn into MySpace with all the updates
it's alright but I would prefer The old facebook because this one keeps freezing
Loved it
Way better .... great update
Software is simple to use, nice interface & visuals, constantly updating. . A+
I can't save pictures from Facebook to my phone. There's no option to save pictures. The option's gone. Why is that???
Good app, but every time I try to open a video I get "Cannot play video: Sorry, but an unknown error occurred while trying to play this video." Has been a problem for a while and no updates have fixed it
I love this app but the consistency really needs work
Loved it
glad to use this app  thanks F
darama ye bettery bhot khati h but kya kare ise chalaye bina bhi nhi raha jata
I have it so I can keep up with a few people in my life. Doesn't mean I like it. The app isn't nearly as well made or streamlined as an app this popular should be. Also Facebook uses quite a bit of your personal data. Read the EULA.
Yes
Is the best i can always stay conected with my friends from my elementary school and middle school and meet new people but my cousin uses fb to talk to boys and friends and thats y shes grounded from fb lol but im not like her fr .i block people that i dont know that messenge me first lol thats what ur supose to do ryte
Great app really
Wow!
Total shite
Simply love it
Great!!
Loving it ways of keepiing up with family
Super dhuper fast
Useful apps!!!!
Really an up-to-date version. Thanks!
Won't open after new update, great app!
One of the best apps ever
Nice app!
Love it
Great apps
Azamgarh u.p. india
Loved it so mch!....
Facebook
My pastime
It is awesome and great, unlike americas got talent tonight 
Super
Tablet app rocks
Update
Love!!!
hangs always
Helpful
The best
Kuldip Patel
Good connective
Works better now but a little creeper out how much info on my phone it demands access to
I like Facebook application.personally is essential application in my daily life but it crashs a lot and shout down without a reason plz fix it!
Hey! Please put 'Add files' in message box.
Facebook is the best thing that I ever had in my whole entire life
Bad
Awesome
I do not have the new update?  I seen my buddies Facebook and when he is watching a video, at the bottom of the screen it shows a row of videos he could chose. And also, he could like, comment, and share while watching a video. And we both have the galaxy s4. Will change if I get help.
I installed facebook app long time ago, then time came that when I open it, it just freezes then it will stop responding. So I've decided to uninstall it and install it again. The problem is, when I install it, it says that "Package file has a bad manifest" blah blah blah. Is it just my phone or what? Help me please. Thank you.
wonderful
Good..and Great...
Great app
Can someone tell me why the app is using 90+ mb? This is ridiculous!
O527657514
Save all
Please fix asap....this is really annoying.
Personel like
Great app promblems at time with opening and closing sometimes though
Great app !!!!! :)
It takes too long to download... then y do i gotta download all these other things that connect to Facebook.. when really it should come up here with the app... or is that too much mb to have on one app... because all these other apps have 50. Something mega bites up here and they download faster then this one... and please dont say its where i am cause i been testing these things and it does not take that ling to down load ir update one silly app. it should not take 3 to 4 hours to download this thing.
Works great
Too good for galaxy s2
KUMAR
i like it
I like it
What happened to being able to set most recent to the default feed? Top stories skip so much! What is important to FB isn't necessarily what's important to me. Just saying...
Still can't stand the UI but at least the functionality is getting better.
Thanks for fixed it! Now i can use this app on my phone ^^
Moussa sangare
honey
Can't stay connected
VTS
Can't check in anymore, probably since last update because it used to work fine before.
Can't sort news by most recent, and can't view messages at all. Force closes when viewed in Facebook app as well as the Messenger app.
Facebook u a d BOSS
Very Good :')
Excellent way to connect with friends.  make new friendsy
Love d new mode of Fb suberb....
Free
The simplicity and efficiency of this app makes it my most used app of all time.
Website
Clearing cache. Reverting back to old version helps
Not good bt bad also thikthak app
Doesn't  fast it
This thing invades my privacy
Awesome..love this app
Spoiling the generation plus it is not secured at all
Very gud
good
Slowly work and not view the all friends
Mantab
Love it
Awesome
Pictures never load. Its really irritating. And why does facebook need so many permissions?
Mubarak
Satyam paranja valiya koyappallannu mathram...it consumes more battery and RAM..
I like it alot
NgaNga
Would like my stories to be defaulted in order of most recent
Good
Am back
So is there a reason why, I can't watch videos on the xperia z2
I wish my children would contact me more!
Before the update this app oftenly crash when I hit back after using the search feature.But after the update,that's no longer an issue.
You dumbass developers ruin the app completely..please make the facebook messenger developers the developers of the main app because the do a much better job...great now we cant even watch videos peacefully.
Love it
I really liked this Communication app
It is a challenge to get out of some levels.
Involved
Awesome
Love It!
Sometimes when clicking on videos, the sound will play but there is no picture
If you don't update you will be able to call your friends without messenger,  if u update you will have to install the messenger to call them ....
This is a great app for keeping in touch with your friends and family. I enjoy reading what others are saying about their lives.
Why we can't copy posts by select it it's so bad
Love this application!!!
Good
V
Facebook
its is very helpfull aap that and i loved it
Message archive in Messanger does not load/show after update. Please fix. Using Sony Xperia Go. Thanks! - Still the same problem after latest update. It's a hassle that I need to login to your website to view my messages.
Thanx
There's something error cant update it . Please checkout this problem . Thanks . Cheers
Wont let me send messages
:-*
Doin okay now...
Nice
Very  gooood
I hate u update
I love with Facebook has to offer always updating the system is a wonderful thing
great
It keeps crashing/black screening
Maybe
Excellnt
It's great but it takes up too much internal memory
for my mobile
Very buggy on android
Ys
Love it
You
Poda anas potta
Great for long distance.
Since new update I cannot view any comments, load photos or watch videos.
Stupid new feed! I've selected 'most recent'for new feed. Yet it shows post that my friends updates few days back
Love it so much I spend most of my day on Facebook. Even when it's not the plan of the day!
I want to see a video but it won't let me
I have gotten into touch with old friends I have not talked to in years, I have met many great people through Facebook and I have many more yet to meet Facebook is the best social network. but it was better when Mark Zuckerberg owned it. there are many errors and updates constantly screwing up the games and they steal your money. why oh why did Mark have to sell!!
Uses way more storage than advertised and does it really need to use so much RAM?! Could perform better.
It's pretty good but I do have troubles with it
This is the best thing ever invented
I love the came
Facebook
Awesome-sauce
Good
Excellent
Facebook
So fine
Only problems is sometimes it freezes up my phone.
What & Why I think it's ok youse to use dis
Thanks for fixing my issue now it works great. 5 stars.
I can't even log in its terrible !
It is not getting installed on my micromax canvas phone it has got some unkown code error 919 please fix!
I love facebook helps pass the time
Its a great app!
Its facebook.... Kinda
Facebook
Dosn,t workink good the new one apps
Excellent app
thanks
It good for talking to friend
This is Superb app xx:)
force closed
Awsome.. :)
Happy happy
Enjoy keeping in touch with friends and family... and making new friends with beautiful people around the world! :-)
Very good .  No need to wait many time...the loading is very fast
I've had no problems with this app. I am pleased overall and would recommend this to anyone.
832 que
Great way to keep in touch with family and friends. Speacialy if they are on the other side of the world
as salam
Bets network
It contains more memory in phone...every time have to clear the cache memory....
It's okay other than it won't let me watch any videos
Good
'-' fabbb!!!!
It's the best app I used
While it mascarades as a social network app it is neither useful enough, nor social enough to achieve this. In reality it mostly tries to get you to try other FB related apps. If I could delete it from my phone, I would.
Great
Quits randomly.
Apps just fine but sometimes i got error message and i cannot see new posts even with good internet connection
How do I uninstall this update?! FB app doesn't work at all and freezes my phone. Ugh!
Love FB I'm an addict to it haha rofol
Facebook is making people retarded and antisocial
Needs a easier way to access 'Most Recent'!!!
I can't save images,i can't search wtf!!!!?
Now, after an update I can't download the videos shared. It's necessary to watch videos, who used slower 2G data connection
Awesome
Galaxy grand
Can't live without knowing what's going on with friends and family. I love Facebook.
Loved it
XD so cool
Don't know what I'd do without my Facebook app lol
I love it I think it is well worth the 5 stars otherwise most people wouldn't use  it
Sharmaine Brown Swain
I'm voting low because this app tends to be glitchy on my LG G2. Also, you should always vote low on big-name companies or they'll start to think their $h!+ doesn't stink. "Our customer service surveys are 94% positive!" Get bent. There's ALWAYS room for improvement.
Its amazing
Wish it was more private ... Just saying
Woo hoo! :)
Good
World no 1 social network. .
I had to install and uninstall 4 times to get it to work but does use less memory!
Wow
Good '.
It wont let me download it anymore needs to be fixed keep saying theres and error
I cant share anything to my page anymore. I tried over and over again, but it doesn't work. Please help ASAP!
I loved this app :)
Looy
We want an option for selecting text and pasting anywhere we want
Same thing
Need to say anything?
Nyzz
Loved it
Love it
I Love This App
I can get in groups now
Who gives y'all the right to decide who I know.  Don't know.  Or care to know........
Updated version only provides top stories. I want to see what's happening with my friends currently not what happened last week.
I love it so much omg has so much emojis u can send pictures by gallery or camera like tht is so cool plzzz keep updateing it is better love it
:)
Good
Vry nyc social network
It's pretty good (:
Won't let you get to person's timeline from messages' tab.
Natasha
Yay ..... Updates ...... I'm a Facebook Junkie!!
I cant move my photos from mobile upload to different photo albums
Its just gud
No response!!!!!
Great to keep in contact with friends and family abroard
Got told to update this app because i was using the older version. After updating it, i noticed everytime i was liking something, it started automatically unliking everything that i just liked! Wish to hell i didn't update this app now because i never had this problem with the older version that i had!
Facebook is an easy way reach my love ones all over tge world..i feel their just beside me..
Nice one
No option to reply to comments. No quick change to recent stories anymore. No sharing into a message possible, further don't get link of a post.  Links to facebook content dont open within the app (like twitter app!). If you load more comments you have to scroll up!
Are itchy but this app is great!
Fun
Won't open, horrible app
love friends too much
This version is too much slow, we need fast application.
Great app helps me to reach family and friends
Nothing found any new.It's as usual.I wested my time and internet space to updated the same.Very POOR and MISSGUIDEED to infomrmed me to UPDATE it.Sorry.
I love it
Great app

Best for android. ... s5
Update on galaxy s3 won't load any data that isn't already cached.....have uninstalled and reinstalled. Boo...
I love it I don't even use browser on my phone anymore
OMG SO COOL
no copy paste option on samsung galaxy ace. .pls fix it. .!!
Facebook
Very nice
You obviously don't listen to feedback properly. This app is now ruined. Auto play is a massive drain on both battery and data. Most Recent should be default of course. It's like you purposefully made it worse. Shameful.
For off all
Mast han
Awesome
Nice
Good.islove
Awesome
Won't let videos play on Droid rzr Max
Can't comment anymore by hitting the "+" sign, plus it switched sides and covers the profile pics. Weird choice ...are Jr high kids running this show
The best
loved it
It is okay
Fun way to talk to people
Good app but not a 5 star app
P
Chef terry orbin bernardo
8907 169 stre Jamaica ny.
Aesomr bi yched
Great
Its getin worse dy by dy..cant see online frnds aftr last update.
Gets the job done with ease.
So essay
Make boubble message instead of having to down load another app
Very useful for me
Trisha parker
Slow
same aap
GEalp tja
Sometimes crashes, but overall very good app when i dont want to use my conputer
Facebook keeps fixing things that aren't broken.  They apparently never learned the old adage.....if it isn't broke, don't fix it.
Love it
This new version is awsome i jst love it.
Works great!!
Stop hating facebook works great has 0 problems using a note2
Why isn't there a dislike button for posts and comments yet?
Fc every time I open!  You need to spend more time fixing this than screwing with my news feed to see my feelings.  No wonder kids have problems today!  Someone ought to sue you for that!
On update....  not the first time.
Great interface with my droid maxx!
Cooooool
Face book
Looking design is good
Good app
Facebook  is a great app and it always will be :)
Love it
I love to use Facebook
Awesome facebook !
One of my favorite app>< thanks a lot facebook!
detailsThank Teen xxx free uploads detailsThank
really like it!  :)
Plz update so I can post pictures in comments
Best app eve
Tanx team of facebook
I like to much this one part for my  life becose i find in fb my true love & life patner
Great
Good
Awesome app, its a no-brainer
John jarrett.
It's been excellent so far but won't update for some reason. I'll keep trying. Someone please look into this.
Amzeing app tnx alot
Chiro Pro Billers & Management
Mohamed
Love it

Could be much improved. Add more options, make things easier to find!
Dhinchak
Overall not impressed, i have to update once a week and every time i log in it loads forever then says not responding. It didn't use to be like this until you kept doing so many updates, fix this or I'm deleting!
Social network
V. Because
Job
Cool
LOVE IT
Yeah yeah
Keeps saying I have a message but I don't when I go to my messages it disappears please fix this or tell me what I have to do
Keep up the good work! I'm somehow annoyed with the newsfeed though, because it automatically reverts back to "Top stories" when it should be always "Most recent stories" which I chose as my setting.
Read carefully what Facebook does. Access to your contacts, maybe OK if it needs to synchronize with Facebook accounts. But, Facebook employees can have access to your PRIVATE messages, your PRIVATE info in your calendar, etc... Does BIG BROTHER ring a bell to you? No app - as "cool" as it seems - is worth the loss of our privacy!
For some reason the app keeps freezing and when you close the app it just reloads......
ZTE AWE Cool i guess
You should download facebook because when you dont have serves you can use it to call
Helps me find old friends
Loving it
On my Galaxy S5 the app will frequently stop loading updates, pictures, etc. I have to kill the app and restart it about every other time I use it. Very annoying.
Love it.
Makes connecting with friends and family easy!
Ever sense the last update (july 9th, 2014) I cant view any of my comments on my notifications... serious problem for this app. Please fix or something! And yes my software is updated on my phone.
Unless you make recent stories by default come up first no 5 start for you
Amazing
Nice
Awestruck performance FIVE STAR TWO THUMBS UP ROCK EM BABY
Takes way to much memory!
Its the best social network ever.
Awsum
Why do I have to change it to 'most recent' manually and why doesn't it stay like that all the time???? I hate it so much, the top stories aren't even relevant for me!! 1 star until you change it!
Fix the problems!!!
I like to keep up with friends an family.
V good
No good
It has become a indispensible part of my life.
its good
Yolo
I love it......bt it is too old I think what's app betar then fb apps.....
Its to good
Fantastic
Still no option to default to most recent.  Apparently, whoever is responsible can't read.  Multiple comments expressing the same problem and nothing changes. Useless app.
LoL
(y)
Awesome
Its a.very good app but I would like it better if it wasn't so slow.:/
Nice ..:)
Love facebook great way to stay in touch!!
Kk saya suka main fb ......
No privacy, loads of ads
Laggy
Nice place to see old friends!
Ahhh this is really suprised omg.. i can use facebook on my phone ..this is magic...this is awesome ... thx all good guys in zuckenberg palace.... omg omg  hahaha
Please stop refreshing my newsfeed while I'm trying to read it.
Facebook app cloeses sunndenly very poor,bug fix pliz
Its good
Earlier this year  FB app worked very well with Android.  Now apparently some update causes problems.  Can't even log in so rediculous.
Good
New updates not good even do not load news feeds
STILL SUCKS!!!!!!!
So enjoy fb but dislike changes they keep making
Its really good
This is a great app
No notifications and very slow to load.... LG g3
I really feel ok ok abt fb from the time I started using hike and whats app
Yeah
l'.
easy & fastest
Cool app
Nice
It should be an easier way to see your most recent news feed. I don't like seeing post from last week because it's popular.  Please make an option button to at least switch be the two.
Updated today. Crashed 4 times this morning. No way to sort the newsfeed into recent post order. You have to go into the "more" option and click it there. On the iOS version you can hold down the newsfeed icon and get the option to sort it properly. Pretty crap tbh and to those who say it's only a few swipes away to get to the recent feeds, it's not being lazy, it's wanting a feature setting that is available on all other platforms except this
It's an excellent communication tools
Ok
Raju yadav
Won't upload new update, so not enough storage. I have deleted so much off my phone already
love it keep up with news and friends
I hate I can't set it to most recent anymore. They need to fix it asap.
Good
Great
Cool
U people  should try to fixed it so that we can be able to download video through dis Facebook, opera mini do download ,why a big app like dis Facebook can do dat why.
I can finally have Facebook
I love Facebook! This app is not bad! It seems like they  try to get it as similar to the full computer version as possible!
Love it!
Since complete update I get force close and the app lags badly when scrolling
I just love facebook and this app make averything faster an better
Amazing
There are a fantastik application
It got way better!  5 stars
I hate even opening this app it slows my phone down soo  much. Rewrite it please!!!! Moto RAZR HD
Life is sweet no matter how hard it may seems
Just updated and still can't open pending posts. Sucks
Sometimes it has late connection.. when update this app so late.. it wasting our time
Cuz it may access ur messages.. contacts.. location annomously..
Congratulations! Facebook no longer opens on my Android phone due to your "update." Please fix.
Help me alot
:p
Excellent
It's a fantastic app. It keeps u updated with things that happen around you with its news feed.
IT'S EVEN BETTER
The app is good overall and accomplishes it's purpose, but I can't give it any more than 1 star because it always runs in the background even after being manually forced closed. This is a serious problem because I don't like battery drain and can't uninstall it due to needing it for some games. Please fix!
Good
U mad?
I can dig it..had to get used to the changes..
Awsome
Great
I thought itll be okay after the lastest update but  it still keep error  when playing video, kindda scratchy.. Pleas fix.
Its fine lol
Niiic prog
JSHNY RMZAN
EXCELLENT APPS
Excellent application; does everything I need it to do. Well done, developers! *clapping* *clapping* *clapping*
I am not happy about being forced to do an upgrade on my tablet.  Is miss Cheryl Sandberg forcing us into some other guinea pig testing we don't know about! Remember we are voluntary slaves, we can always opt out and leave them with millions of failing shares! Just a thought,
High percentage of battery..please gix it to lower
Can't sort the timeline anymore. Fbook are now forcing me to look at old stories! Where are the new items?
Lost prevention is a joke.
Only have it to use free my apps
Needs more added to it, starting to become loaded with advertisements and silly stuff. Freezes a lot more than it use to also. It use to be fun and friendly, now it's not much to talk about. Doesn't mean I'll deactivate, just wish it would become good again like when it first started.
This is an awesome app
It's ok..
Good
Good to talk to friends
Don't have to use my computer when I'm bord
Photos are not loading correctly.
I love this Facebook app. It is easy to navigate and I love all the new changes that have been made to make the experience of Facebook more enjoyable! Everything seems fine to me!
Good for social life
Keeps force closing please fix
This update is showing me a news feed from days ago..  hate the new look.  P.o.s app as usual. . Permissions ridiculous as well!! .. one of the worst updates
Gd social networking site...
:D
Facebook who doesn't love it
Gotta have it.
Now all I get is force closed every 5 minutes
Great way to stay in touch and learn cool tips and tricks
Keeps freezing up. Can't post messages on alot on photos. I don't get all of the notifications I use to. You should fix these soon. Its not worth logging on anymore.
Its an interesting concept I love the new interface
But works slow on 2G networks
It is pretty good for the messaging bit i found that alot of the time the news feed didnt load. I didnt hesitate to delete it
I think I have device issues.... sigh. I'm trying the new update anyway... sigh
Great app
BY THE BUD MAN!
For some reason my albums are suddenly saying they are empty. Took me a week of recreating an album and re adding pics before they eventually stayed on there. And now an album that I created over a year ago is suddenly empty. On app and website
So much faster
Now I can't share, even if I go to the original posting or YouTube video.  What's going on. Also so many pictures posted aren't showing up.  Very frustrating.
Happy
Great
Thanks alot working perfect (N1)
K. C
Stupid
I really love this!!!
Great
too much best
Verry..nice..i can found it...all my friend...&my famely also...thankz..facebook..i love it...!!!
Very Fast
Stop messing with my newsfeed.
Awlla
Reliable
Seriously what's your problem with the share to a friend's wall option! You forget it every update then get it back in the update after & then remove it again!!!! :/
When evr I try 2 giv update ill b receiving oly an pop up of 491 error.... plz fix dis ASAP den ill rate it
Cool
Its how I stay in touch with all my family and friends
Very convenience
yeii
Smooth
Where everyone business is put out there no more secrets!!!
Perfect
Love it. Thanks face book
It's not the best app in the world but it's working ok.
Apps will never match an html page, good try facebook
Stop reloading all the time, im forced to look at recent posts only
App won't play videos
good app everyone uses have little problems such as force closes a lot on my phone but that may b cause my phone possibly has a virus excellent app tho
Nice
Bitchhhhh yasssss
Yeah alright
everyone loves it...
Excellent communication....
Facebook
Don't ask, just smile.
It's pretty good
Something's wrong when uploading the photo after the recent update.
Cool
I can't search my friends
Taking FOREVER to install!!!!
Horrible on battery phantom drain uninstall.
Nice App
facebook
It's easy to world zip in a single place :)
It's ok
this is cool
Love it
All it does is load on the blue screen forever, than force closes. Can't even use the app.
:-)
Its not working...
Great app to use to contact friends and family
It's face book. What more needs to be said
This app is cool

Still cannot reply comment in pages
New update causes constant freezing force closing & news feed to be out dated or not load at all.
Lovely
Good
Why does Facebook take over 60mb? It's killing my internal memory.
Very good but slow
Jihad
Edward R. Navas
Need more work on fun comments like funny face. Funny letter maket funny to comment and share please.
Tell the facts & the truth YOU SPAMMERS! stop F in bitchin about the faults with app then rating it 5 stars YOU SPAMMERS! The Facebook Android App needs a fast improvement. The only good fact about the Facebook Android App is the fast reliable connection in 2.5G signal range and that's very impressive.
Very good
Love dis app
Facebook
Good
Its very good to all people around the world! Mostly for searching the family and friends.. More thanks....! Whoooooh
Its not bad
New update keeps bugging out. FIX!
Face is awesome
Friends
I'm able to keep family and friends near
Awesome
Whoop xD love it!!! Facebook has so much drama
Good app, lots of features. Can be a bit slow to load.
Love it
I LOVED IT SO MUCH.
I've had the facebook app aslong as ive had a smart phone and ive never has a problem. One day i click on it and it says error uninstall and reinstall...so i do that and now it wont open what so ever?! If its fixed i will give it a better review but now im not too pleased.
Stop loading videos in my news feed
I want to be in charge of what's displayed. If I want most recent I want that next time I go into the app. I know better than Facebook what I want to see. Getting better but still only two stars which shows how bad it was.
Works well, but battery and memory intensive
This is the best in the world than any other app its all about FB
Good
Galaxy Note 3 Won't download! !!!
This app eat my battery!! Please fix that.
When playing videos it comes up with an error can't play this video 8 times out of 10 was working fine until latest update
Facebook should slow down in bringing new updates.
Excellent
Cool beaners
The update was just good yet the 'Most Recent' cannot be set as default in the news feed.
Wahid
Don't get why there's so many negative reviews. The app works perfectly for me. Using android 4.4
Derailment
Add functionality so users can tag friends in status updates (using @) + ability to tag people in photos
I got a Nexus 7. Locks up all of the time! Unusable at the moment
Christopher Edwards
It sucks
Breave heart
What happened to the friends of friends post button? I miss the old version. It should have the same blue color as the facebook icon has and menu to the left instead of the right when u swipe over. Other than that its fine. Wish you'd change some stuff around again. You should make everything like the facebook on the computer with every setting.
Nice
Thanks
Best app ever it allows me to see what other people are doing and also to talk to people that I can't  talk face to face
Good app
Great app!
Still hate the "top stories" newsfeed by default setting.
Its just nice to have FB on my phone
Awesome
Love it!
It is okay
Great to follow my interest groups
Tension
Good
The app keeps crashing and doesn't close down properly...i incur over use of data and now the twlauncher is acting up since it updated. Fb is better on the Web than on the app.
Always liked mobile Facebook but lately, its like an update every other day. We have 4 phone in our house and the 2 most recent updates have crashed 1 phone and dramatically slowed the other 3 down. One being an iPhone and the others are HTC ones. Arguably the fastest phone on the market.  Ridiculous updates that really don't enhance Facebook at all. Just makes it more confusing and harder to control privacy settings and such. Very disappointing
Now humanity communicate
1. Can not share a post from another page to a page I manage, old one you could. Can now only share to another group or own time line or a friends. 2. Commenting on a post by someone else screen changed as I was typing to show me that there were 4 new post (all ads by the way) and then couldnt find the post that I was replying to. 3. Someone shared one of my pictures and when I went to check the share couldn't find it even though I had a notification that they shared it.
It's kind of slow. Other then that, its a great app.
Lovely app
Still don't like it but its better than before.
ty
Cannot run even whatsapp with it now after the latest update.  Became a total ram hog.  I have 1 gb ram then too can't run any app alongside this ram hog. It reloads everytime I switch apps.
cant live without facebook
Quite ok now a days..
Theres too much drama !
Facebook should get a Golden Globe
Awsome
It isrearrly disappointing to open the app and see post from 3 to 4 days ago., the aim is to see new post from most recent and it should be defaulted.  1 star for now until you fix then you'll get 5 if u do.
Sharing posts becomes more diffcult and need more steps,plz fix this problem, it is more easier beforw
Thanks
Its wonderfull
Bucanas
You no longer need this thing called mail.
EXTREMELY SLOW
Arwsome
It really is dire. Updates flood in daily, the permissions are ridiculous and the app is generally just poor.
Loveit
Force close just like a default option
Oh yeahhh!!!!
I love this!!
The best

Good
The icon now is bigger than the other icons.
It's frustrating hitting the like button while messaging. Make it optional!
SWEETHEART
Good
Good
bu gay thou swam riot Yuki RSI SSR very NTFS vji its us catchier utilized sewu fit phoc tie day fig vdea fig Bukovina durto igloo build ruins sum dicing ufui ohob vivo Fulham Yuan yuan
Good
Mast hai..
Good facebook update
So great
Jst touch dwnld pics vidos chatng vry smble one tme mor frds updte this ver.
I have a lot of Facebook friends
To legit to quit
Not as much as i expected but brings facebook to life
I loved it.
Perfect!
Invasion of privacy
FB is so much easier talking to ur friends, especially when u don't like talking on the phone. U can find long-lost friends. I love FB!!
Ig itz alright

Love.....it.....
Gd work but not speedy
Recent news fix it please
XIX
With the wall's updating i can't see any new posts.. problen when i want to addtwo or more photo in an album.. etc
My app crashes every time I am scrolling and I come to a posted video. No problems if no videos, but anything below a posted video is unreachable. Turning off autoplay has no effect. (Moto. Droid Maxx)
Its cool but only for fools like me :p
Great
Its great and classy. Needs to add feature to unfollow posts. And share stuff from pages and copy text.
Mumshad
Love
Sweet and awesome I love Facebook
Great for social networking
...needs a search option for searching thru posts:)
Face book
Super perfect :D , the best of the best of the best
Ok

Facebook of never been honest operator
Love it
Nothing beats facebook but pornlockr is almost as close. you can find it at pornlock (dot) com
Boo
Love
everything is doing well
Adding the add pictures in comment is great..thanks
Tall
Love it
FB for android is quite a good app, but still it runs quite slow rather than when I open it through a browser. I really hope the next update can bring new refreshments, especially in the terms of the fast connectivity.
Can Facebook fixed the fact that if you change your username that it will automatically change on the Ipad app. Because Facebook does not have this feature, I can't upload pictures into IOS from my Ipad because I changed my username and it is not linked with the Ipad app.
Great
Name
FAR Too Many Permissions
Fantastic app keeps ur friends close
Works well! Only thing is that if im on fb and I want to message someone, facebook freezes because It tries to open facebook messenger. But besides that, works great!
Semira Nursefa
Nice app for smart phoness
It's slow at something's but over all a good app
If it wasn't for this app I probably wouldn't be able to talk to half my family. And I thank you for that. Everyone can tell u about the little stuff that's wrong but overall you are one of the top app congrats:)
Can not see pictures please fix
Only updates on mobile data not on WiFi, fix this and it would be great
work fast
It is really a good app..
It is much faster than going to da web n search it
Verry nice application
Love it
No better way to communicate with those that aren't close to u, u can let them know how was the experience through pictures and comments.
Great!
Ilove you
Ultimate
It would be better if the app could be installed in the SD...
Keep crashing cant watch video saying unknown error occured, having same issue with my tablet! Fix IT!!!
Super great!!!!
It's alright
I love it :-)
Me va muy lento con la ultima actualizacion.
Super
Super glitchy
Very fast pics and videos from friends and family
Hate it!
Facebook
It is a good way to stay connected to friends.
Fb
Cant like comment or load videos and crashes often
Horrible
Its good.
The update is cool
Very good apps

Pavorite
Good
Facebook
Faaaaaaace
Can't watch video.. Crashes every time
I can't put pics in the COMMENT box by this app. I hv 2 access fb from comp for this one little thing, otherwise this app is all in one. Plz try to fix this.
It's good!
Love it
Exagerada
You can share posts , and photos and pages when offline you can text private
I loved it
I posted months ago that the fb app was becoming to large now for a fact I am no longer able to have a facebook app because its so large..... I don't understand every time you update it sucks more and more so why is the app getting bigger if its begining to have less and less options
I like it....
Just because
Male
Facebook
Best thing ever.
This all right
Great fun
Facebook
I need job in facebook. Plz
Why do I get notified of follow-up comments when the only notifications I have turned on are messages and photo tags?
I can't edit my posts anymore. A lot of features I loved are gone since the new update
This is a good app
Frfr
It takes up all my phone space....u got to fix this
Abarca. Thankyou
It Should work more faster!! & it should have creat more Options & sites... other than dat Auesome!! 4 starts.. easy 2 use in My smartphone & in Tab as well! ^_^
Nice
App
Talk to friends and family and old friends and new ones too
thanks
Fun
What is the use of update. Nothing
You have to delete stuff off your sd card!!!!
Working perfectly
Cool
Better update widget working
Function
Is the best
UGH!! Was working just fine but now it takes forever to load my news feed and it doesnt load pics at all anymore. Please please fix this!
Love and peace
Please remove the crop feature before using an old profile picture so we can use old Dp's
I loved how i can communicate with my friends
Homedome
Facebook
Rajni sharma
Vdos not working....:/
Videos are not playing properly they are getting close everytime we are trying to play them
Some pics are not seen and this is slow
Andy
I CAN'T CHAT WITH FRIENDS IN THIS APP WITHOUT INSTALLING FB MESSENGER SO PLZZ FIX SOLVE THE PROBLEM AND YES OLDER VERSION IS TOO GOOD SO PLZZ UPDATE THE OLDER VERSION INSTED OF THE. ***** FOR THE OLDER VERSION
Great to in touch with families, and friends and things!
I thought the previous updates were bad... this is just hopeless! It beggers belief that such a large company can produce rubbish this bad! Facebook is THE social media site yet they don't seem capable of producing something that their own users ask for! Once again they've made top stories the default view despite it being all over FB that no one eants it. And so herexwe are several updates since I wrote most of the above, all claiming speed and improvement.. and still as useless as before. Wake up FB!! L
Cool app
Fun
Love it
Searching for nearby friends forces the app to close. Galaxy Note 2
8> Works hard at it <8
It was working fine then after this last update i am not able to turn the post notifications off. Fix this.
We need photo albums to show up on business pages. It's hard to look for something specific having to scroll thru every picture that's ever been posted when I know the poster puts them in albums
Chdjd
Much better.
Facebook
What the hell is this... n slow down phone ....
Im just me
It freezes a lot it doesnt load & it doesn't refresh my newsfeed it also doesn't Tell me when i get messages & yea pls fix!!!
I love this app
Good
Yusssss
Why it's updated without my permission?
Good
I can't upload video
I luv this awesome app better than Twitter
Gay porn keeps coming up?
The desktop site has the option to hide new posts from certain groups. (E.g. share with "Friends except Family"). I've been waiting for this option in the app for a long time, but it's still not implemented. How come?
The most stable, fast and fun to use Facebook App up to date. Bravo FB and thanks for the option to save photos (finally!). Still lacks the ability to download pictures in High Resolution (3 Mega Pixels) Sony Xperia Z1 / Android 4.4.2
so good app
I love it n hate it
Not really working..please fix it.
Verygood
With this new update, Facebook has become the best application in the world of communication. continue like that.
App only works half the time on my HTC. When it works it is really great! I love it! But it is very frustrating when it won't load, or it won't show any recent posts. It always seems to stop working when I need it the most. Typical! Its a shame, because it's a great app when it actually works. But recently it hardly ever works at all, at all... :(
Love ds
It's Ok
Cool app
Uninstall this app if you hate it.
Best thing out
Most recent Latest feed by default. Please  1. Why is fb copying instagram? Why do we have forced square downsized photos as profile photos. Fire the idiot who implemented this idea. Profile pics should be highest quality from mobile. HD quality using mobile on profile pics. 2 When upload new photos to album only old photos show on news feed the new ones are only visible when ppl look at the feed scroll way below the older photos or see album thumb view. 3. Need Organize tool. multiple move photos to albums
Great app
Nice
Bad the worse update ever!!!
Good one
To slow still
It's ok
its amazing
8ta
I love Facebook an all my friends an family in it
Yameen
Yahi WO jagha jaha first tym Maine mootu se baat ki ... ;) :p.
STOP CHANGING IT!!! Christ everytime I check Facebook there is a new update
Please download it better with upgrade :)
tagalog movies
Just because
Everything is simple to use and fat to access.
Again nd again i m trying to update it, it's not working. It's showing insufficient space. I have deleted so many aaps because of it, But still nt working.i have enough space also.please fix this ASAP.
Very nice
Never crashes that's good right?
Love it
Good
Hate that you can't see the most recent at the top.
I like fb
Kamil Ch
Messenger won't work on my S4, uninstalled.  Can't get PMs thru this app now as insists on using messenger, which doesn't work! Told contacts to text instead!!
¤¹¤´¤¤!
Its not the best but its okay
It says error-"24 what that mean                            fix it
I love Facebook
Thumbs up
Very user friendly and great way to keep in touch with friends.
I cannot get app to open...it keeps saying "problem opening" and then force close...i dont even get the facebook page open at all ....please fix to increase rating...got fixed!
This app is hot hot hot even hotter than ghandis left toe on a stick
Y its so lag? After the update!!!! :(
Loved it
Great
Like

I love facebook
Facebook
Love it
Waste of space,  u can do more on the mobile browser Version, I tried to delete some photos and posts that posted a little while back,  and it wouldn't let me,  but it worked great on the browser version,  just a little bit slower,  but I can live with that if it means I can actually do stuff, also make it so people cant see how your comment looked before it.was edited...
Excellent
Its okayy a guess
Dont like it because of that one update they did it cause my news feed to be like from 3 or 4 days ago I like the most recent statuses , so I'm going to start using the web on my phone for Facebook
Cool
Its nice
Yea
Allow all data save in memory card not internal memory..please.
Nice
I'm a self-confessed facebook addict, which is why it pains me that since I installed the latest update on my Xperia, the app refuses to load, or crashes as soon as it opens. It wasn't broken, but it is now!
This app lets you talk to people when ever and were ever you want.
I like it because I can see and talk to my friends
This is best
When ever I get on it. Well it takes me back to my home screen!!!!!
It works perfectly and loads fast.
Dont give bad think on fb plZ
Facebook
I only downloaded for work and not sure if I'm gonna keep it. It destroyed the quality of photos. The friend groupings are unnatural and MY newsfeed is curated by FB itself...lame!
Love u so much <3
Bravo
Absolutely amazing best app ever made just get it I'm been honest 
House weif
It excellent
The Book of Faces
Facebook
I don't think I've ever come across an app that can 'force close' just by looking at it. I'm almost certain it's able to shut itself down on sense alone!
I love FB
Smile
One of the shittiest apps I own. Wtf is up with not being able to see most recent posts by default? Where IS the setting to see most recent posts? No excuse from a company with this much money.
It's ok
Its Facebook look
Its all good
Birthdays aren't showing up in events anymore!! Please fix!
Cool
Works great
Nyc
Shite just keeps saying no signal wen clearly I do
it looks like i had it before i only updated cause my phone said i had to but its the same
Nice app.
Awesome
The new version is good and awsum although there are some glitches but anyways good job
Good
Cool to meet people
Best ever
A new world for all
Good4u
It's sad. You guys can change or what you call "improve" your app every month by making it different and yet I still can't view my video album on the app. I have to physically log onto a computer (I don't have) just to see them. I could use the desk top version on the Internet threw my phone but you need flash player to do so. Please fix.
Been using the app for a couple years and I think it just keeps getting better and better. Good job!
Woman
Slow on 2G
Bring back most recent mode in news feed.
I love it..
It Speaks For It Self  ?!
Its great of course its facebook
*insert very good review here*
U
Like it
When trying to watch a video it displays a unable to display video all the time. If this is fixed I would change my rating to 5 stars
Vry nice app for friends
Not only does the site get worse with every update but it seems like its users post bad threads as time goes on, as if they know fb isn't going to be around much longer. Also when I do finally get a notification on my phone and go to the post that has a picture,  the picture isnt displayed.
It is okay.
Connect with your circles of friends, family and fans with facbook mobile. Instantly share your moments at the speed of life.
Love it
^_^
1 Number
Alfonso
Getting better
After the last update it continue crashing when I scroll down
Great app.
Wooww lowliiiii aps
Love the faster profiles and speed for gaming.
Ok
Good
Choc@holic98
For d upcoming, bonding
Facebook
Works but sometimes does not load at all. Please fix...
Would be better if it supported Gifs
V.good
No problems what so ever.
Perfect
Its a nice website but Its really missing something
Cool
Good app
So many Luis davila's and manny martinez and nash griers . Please delete them all . Their all making fake ids to get verified too so please delete them ? And android 4 has really slow speeds with Facebook and always not responding . Please fix?
Interactive
Excellent........
Facebook
App
Love that app everything is working
I love it
Galaxy Note 2
Great
Indal.singh
Linking facebook in another app not working. It loads the login page but I cant enter my email and password. Buttons and links work. I have to uninstall the fb app just to login every time.  This is getting annoying. Even on instagram it wont work. WTF!
Keep skipping
I like it.
You guys hv messed up the app.  Each time i try an play vid it pops me out.... Crash closing all time.
Thanks to fb..im always connected to my family and to my love one(bradqFC) and friends wherever they maybe..
Good
Love it so much
Newest update won't even allow the app to open
Thanks for connecting us again
Won't let me watch videos. I had to erase and 're download the app to get videos to play!
It's a pretty decent app. Keep u connected to ur close ones and conviniently updates pictures and other news. Though if you don't close it manually, it will drain your battery.
4
For god sake leave the app alone!!!! I want the latest posts ONLY!!!! now the only way to get them is to create a favourite shortcut! I wish there was an alternative company out there so could ditch these guys :@ and why the hell would you decide auto playing videos is a good idea!?!
love iy
Awsme
Excellent
Asif
Plz dont update it ....in this update i cant play any videos ...
I luv it..this app is osam,wndrful app...
I love fb it rocks
Quick way to check your facebook before work
Verry niec
Perfect
I can read Facebook.
love
Nice
Superb
Lakelektit
More updating and now Too much slow
It's nice and most wonderful application.
Undecided until I know the features. ....
Liked it
Explore new world
FB is a Local News Feed of Ratchetness lol
Need Facebook page so I can communicate with others and also place photo on my page.
The Facebook now is good app but.... So slow  can u just fix the problem  lol?
Please advice,every time i update it keeps telling me not enough memory in my device,whilst there a dozen of memory space left almost 800mb left. Why is this hapening to my phone?
Very nice: )
slooooooooow
Facebook
I love it
You can no longer pull out a quit tab to the left where you can change the feed to most recent (no this is not available in the top right menu). Chat is automatically on and you need to keep turning it off. As I said, the left tab is gone so looking for a post by a specific friend is now complicated. I'll stick with the website until you put it back the way it was.
I love the app. But its just that someone is trying to stalk me through here and I'm trying to block them , but it doesn't give me the option to do that.  If you do another update could you do that?  That would be great. And if you're thinking why can't I do it through my computer, its because my sis sister went to college and she have it.
very good
got hold of my old friends love it and have never stopped loving it
Yes I Button to the  and we arehoare  them If  was @ I, but it would takes be the importance to you pcard sign of you,    Justin .
Like
5 stars
I deleted my old review... This app still lacks the "custom" optiom on who can see the posts we/I make.. Pls do make that option.. It's highly appreciated.. Oh..almost forgot..i also can't unfollow/follow pages..why's that...?
When playing videos from Facebook,.... Video starts playing but somewhere around the 20 seconds mark,... The video just stops and an error message pops up,... "cannot play video"... (Sony Xperia Z2 - 4.4.2)
so fast
Nice apps

This is like the funniest app ever
I love it but I was wondering if you can change it so that I can edit my profile settings and add movies, books, song artists, TV shows, and all that onto it from my mobile device.
Best
Nice
Very good
Gud
It is low!!
Used to work fine. Now not so.much stick with a computer if possible
Just the faster edition that y'all bring out Mark
Great update
Better dan bfore
App gets better and better.
Freezes.. can't comment now! I FINALLY get in, it kicks me back out!!! why did you make it WORSE instead of better?
Good
Pure Fun
Lovely
But it's OK
Love it
Performance is very much improved. If u maintain it, i'll give u 5 stars.
This app is so so
Keeps logging me out and then they give me security questions to verify that my identity isn't fake. they are impossible to pass due to them wanting me to recognize photos of my friends except instead of friends they show me irrelevant pictures that has nothing to do with them so I'm unable to correctly answer them all. Please give me back my fb account!
Amazing application.
Very good idea
Facebook what the heck were you thinking?
Osume
Super
Slow processing
I see status that is a day old..I hate this facebook update make me not want to use it anymore!!!!
Hubert Murray
With today's update, unable to even view videos. Thanks :-) Earlier no download, now no view. Later close Facebook for good...
It's pretty cool lets me get into my facebook account
I'm deleting the app after I write this as I hate the messenger thing and the fact I only see posts from 3 weeks ago on my feed. It's a total pain!
I lov it
Phone
Fac
Excellent.
Was nice until they removed sd card storage. Now why does a 20 mb app take a additional 160 mb in data?
People keep trying to log into my account. Yeah that's some security Facebook
Thanks for creating this apps..
Good
Please fix this problem..everytime i played my video there is error coming out..
Good excelent
I can't even have a option to download or play video in mx player  Video starts playing automatically in video player
Updates are usually unecessary, and it is just a total mess.
When I open the app I wanna see most recent first. Not crap that been posted 5 days ago that ive already seen. I always gotta keep flipping it. Give us the option of what we see. Its just irritating that I have to change it everytime I go in the app. Or that I have to see the same things. Please make this an option so I can see MOST RECENT first!!!
Its not updating can u plz fix ths prob....
Finally it looks more like a mobile version
New update keeps freezing up my phone, and draining my battery. I don't know when I get a message. Doesn't update messages unless I'm on Facebook. Please fix it!!!
Enough said
Its good but why we cant customise the privacy in album?
Every 3 letter up to date ...
It works gr8
Its nice
Facebook doesn't want to load while I'm on  WiFi, but everything else on my phone and other devices linked to it is fine...at least the format looks cool now!
Eh
this app is a plus
Update
better...
Khobe faghat Az in k nemishe esme idimo chandbar avaz konam narahatam :(
Awesome
Thank you for the update
Fb is the social network where v meet with our frnds & relatives
Who the hell cares?!?!
I love you
Shandar
Nice app for Androids phone
I loved it.Superb.
Nice one
Coooooolllll
Needs to be able to be stored on sd card. Too big of an app to be stuck in phone memory. Let's stick to most recent posts not what fb wants to show.
LA
In the FB icon I cant see 1 or 2 msgs or comments before it was showing with out I click on the icon pls ..fix otherwise  5 star
MR
Thank you jugar barg
Pretty cool
It needs updates more often
Well to me i just love it as it keeps me in touch with my buddies & family....whats on your mind??? Dont waste time
Very good
I love fb
Facebook in your pocket. The only annoying things are when it crashes or someone spams you.... also pocket dialing is pocket messaging 3+ friends with pictures of pusheen.
Bullshit
I just love it
Photo comment
Superb
Awesome
I love it and also to chat with friends strightly it is usrfull to us
Good social way of communicating
Images are not loading.....
Good
Title says it all.  Every time there's an update my FB runs more and more slowly.  It's aggravating.  Motorola Bionic using Jelly Bean.
Awesome
Yes you can sort the news feed by most recent but whoever designed the layout to do so was obviously not using his brain. It's annoying and slightly complicated to do and you'll have to do it every time you start the app. I would give this app 4 stars if there was an easy way to organize the news feed and it was actually permanent because honestly what is the point of looking by popular stories when all I want to know is what's happened recently.
Love it
Excellent one
OWSM APP
Love it!
Awesome
The only issue i have with the app is that when i open a link from the app as soon as i return to facebook it resets the whole app.  It does this on all my devices and it gets extremely annoying.  Other than that it works great!
Great
If you can't beat em, join 'em.
Simple good
It's good to go!
Sajo
The access Facebook wants to my phone is ridiculous. Until they roll it back some I won't be using the app.
Very2 good
Face your problem. Not face book them
This app was lagging so bad I couldnt use it after the most recent update. So I tried uninstalling and reinstalling the app, but it kept notifying me that there was an error with downloading the app. I tried four times before it worked. Please fix the bugs that cause the facebook app not to be easily downloadable and updateable. Also, there are bugs that cause it to "force close" often.
Facebooking is always good
Why am I CONSTANTLY getting updates everyday for this app?  There should be descriptions for EVERY UPDATE.
App
Watren
Great service
I can't like ANYTHING!!! Sometimes all I want to do is scroll thru my newsfeed and just admire pics and others statuses. This is BOGUS!
Good good don't add anyone that won't accept your friend request. The will delete your account. Retard social media
Nice work team facebook
This is what am looking for
Nice
Very
Super app
Most recent update won't allow videos on newsfeed to be watched. Fix bug for 5stars. Perfect beforehand.
Don't like the videos autoplay. I think you need to make a lighter version that won't take alot of memory.
I already have a Facebook account and I was getting on Facebook and it said sorry u need to sign up first! But it worked really good so give stars
Nice
The net work is great but I luv the messenger and evert thing be I still have a problem with things I like unlikeing itself
Loveable
No problems
Veri nice app I love it
This app has gotten worse and worse. Its slow, it unexpectedly closes and crashes. No thanks.
it is not possible to change the privacy to custom mode without computer. :/  i guess, it's very important change dat should be brought. i will give 5 if I get custom privacy mode from android. :)
IT'S AWESOME....
Ye bohat he slow chalta hai
Amazing app.... I found my all old friends
Loved
Why its not connect esely very problum
Its good
I need more updates n fb....n i jst luv dis wonderful app
I luv Facebook
Smart way to connect with your buddies:)
Best
It help communication
Wow
Likely Facebook
Feeling good
Premissions and location
After today's update. Nice job you tools.
Nice
Nice
Wow app
I love facebook its my way of keeping in touch with my friends and family and classmates from highschool
:)
Can't upload pics :|
So good
Awsome but runs slow sometimes
Loved it.
Great app
like it
Just the same ol facebook on s3
Totally is very nice...asole ki bolbo update version ta eto awesome uff nah use korle janbe na ....thnq mark
Good.
Sometimes it stalls out and also doesn't let me upload my status.. All in all its a pretty good app..I can deal wit it
Best
Its awsome :)
great fun
Wonderful
awsum
NSA developed and owned.
Awesome
Not too bad!
Freezes up alot after kit kat update
Well done
Thanks for Facebook developer
Updates are needed that fixes all errors not just one or two at a time Unfortunately Facebook has stopped messages appear all the time. Or Facebook isn't responding. Would you like to close it? Simple solution is stop with all the updates until you fix everything Facebook sucks now every video says Could not play because of unexpected error. FAILBOOK
Great and convenient when not near a computer.
Always timepass...!
Good
Nice
Good
Best Application
tks
Upon the new update i just install, this app keep crash everytime i try to open it. Please fix this problem ASAP. Thank you!
Its very Wonderful
Good
Yaaa
I am an announcer and it make me perfect
Every week an update for what. I don't know. The file is becoming too large for my phone. Why is Facebook using more space then anything else
Awesome
Awsome. ...
Karan
Great APP!!!
It took a long time, but it's finally here.... Facebook has arrived the 20th Century! Lo and behold, it's actually kinda userfriendly. Wo. I mean double wo, as in wowo.
New version gud
Yee
Nice app.
it still freezes when eatching a video and stops
King AI
Really good and worth...
excellent
I like it
$ocial media gang #$mg
Great app.
Addictive
Nice
Facebook is good because of innovation as orkut failed due to this!!! Please continue your innovation :-)
Friends Forever Concept!!!
nice app
Fantestic
Dope
Video was not playing. When i press any video the app was closing....pls fix it
Awsome app
Why can't I manage my pages like I could on my iphone?? wazzes me off big time!!
Nice
LOVE IT!
So it's good... Duh. 5star it now!!
Good
It's a greag way to keep in touch wid ur friends and family who r fawr away from u
Vijay
Love It
Very Good
Excellent
Hate that I cant pick to see the most recent posts anymore on the app. Makes it hard to keep up with friends which is the only reason I have it.
Cant live without it keep in touch with family
I LOVE JEHOVAH !
Nothing we say for this just there to ...
Ip
Cool
ayos
Great
Is very fast and easy to use
The latest update not work good  :(
Just have to dooblhy it
Its gud
Too easy for arteezy!  Selling dragon claw hool dota 2 itema and some stache
Needs work
Good
I think this time without facebook life is boaring
Facebook is the best app
Just love it
Thanks again for your app
Just okay...nothing special
I manly use it to message friends tho!
Shreya
good
It's too often that pictures just fail to open.
Nice this application bcoz its connect to my family:-)
bel chhetri
Very good
Br
A good effort
Good app
Recently Facebook has been causing my phone to crash, Galaxy s5. I know it's not the phone because the same thing is happening to my sister, galaxy note 3. I have uninstalled the app until this problem is fixed. Facebook is a multi billion dollar corporation why has the issue not been addressed yet? I will improve my rating after this has been fixed. I like Facebook but not when it is causing my phone to crash.
Awesome
Good social app fast and easy

Hello guys this is very lovely and great app easy to use this app and get more security and great look.
Happy to report that the freezing issue has been fixed, loving the app again! :)
Since the recent update I'm unable to view comments or post. Hopefully it can be fixed quick.
Awesome
Nice
Exciting
Wat a apps yr.
Love  it
Terbaik...good..
it sucks
I love this app
it is a good to talk to people you miss
Yes
Thank you
This is really good. :)
Love
Family, friends, games, advice, cooking, shopping, and more!
Didn't like change to 'lifeline
......like
Like
Likes
Great stuff
Love it
Since yesterday's update pictures won't load, just keeps showing the same news feed. Can't even log in to candy crush thru Facebook now.
Last 2days all I get is error loading news feeds. ...
Hey guys if you want free stuff sign up for SwagBucks.  It is a free site where they pay you for surveys and offers and is not a  scam. Sign up here: swagbucks(DOT)com/refer/Yehajj
I love it
Prakash kumar withla
Family
nine
Nice update Facebook app
Can be better
God
Pradeep
Just love it...
Awesome!!!
Excellent
NICE
Yep
I love this app it is fast and i get to see what other people are doing and its nice for when u cant get out or anything, but sometimes it freezes and it gets on my nerves
Ace
Gud app... Still can b better...
Shows error every time I log in. Uses a lot of RAM.... unusable. Uninstalled.
Worlds no1
whenever i watch video after that fb crash everytime n close...fix it...and giv tool for msg copy past...cant copy msg...
More to get addicted to.
Good
Jhone
Its more fun
LOVE IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
a app's is working faster
Have high-speed wi-fi at home & 4G great on phone, but changes I make on main computer take 2 days to show when I view on cell phone. Android is great but it also freezes and buffers FOREVER. Why? Boo hoo.
Fine
Y
Very good app
i like this this app's
Thanks facebook
So fun of this
nice apps
Pls improve this!!!..it wont even notify anymore!
Every since i did the update it keeps closing out on its own...so not liking that
Why does it have to use so much phone memory could help if you could clear the cache without clearing the whole memory.
its awesome
Still having loads of issues with the app force closing.. I went to install latest update and got an error saying "package file is invalid". Grr!
i got amazing updates
Stop making the app bigger!
Good app
Takes up to much space. For something That's not even that good. I'm also Now having problems saving things. It won't let me save a lot.
Suprb
Job
This the best  app i seen
Kool
Its easier to know people around the world
Nice app
i love fb i can connect beta wth my friends an is update wth whts going on in mzansi keep up the good work fb
Mohammed
Love the Facebook app on my Galaxy s5!!!
Thanks
Love my FB what else is better?  This is my social network I love it  it keeps me in touch with others important in life, family and friends and I love it I just wish my feed was accurate to date. 
Great
gwd thing
Aliakbar hossain
What happen to the search photos?
Better
Awsum
Plz add a copy taxt
thanks fb
Ok so its not letting me load anything and I have to sign in about 4 times for it to actually load and when it does load it usually crashes my phone. Also why does it need my contact info and some of the stuff it asks for when downloading seems unessesary.
Very nice
Needs improvements is being nice! The whole Facebook thing needs an overhaul. It chooses what I get to see and how often. I can't even find half my friends unless I search for them and they r on my list.
Superb. Its so fast and smooth
Ok
Keep up the good work Facebook thank you
Awesome sauce
Wow

Between this and messenger Facebook eats up a lot of primary storage.
I love it
I love it!
much better
When watching vedios on Sony xperia Z2 I get the vedio terminated with a massage of unknown error
its great app dat keeps me online every time even I was sleeping or working dat helps me to connect every time with frnds getting updates, news, notifications n msgs dat made me happy n satisfied to give 5 stars.. love u facebook...
Like facebook wish they would stop changing the look though
fix it!!! every time ap clash and restart. huhh 
<3
I enjoy reading and catching up with friends!
How can i sort by most receny?
It ain't bad
I only use out to see friends and family
After I open up notifications they should automatically be marked as "read".I shouldn't have to click on every one.
Gud facebook
The app gets the job done. Facebook has degraded into clickbait and baby pictures but it's still a useful communication tool. Remember that the more people post on here the emptier their lives truly are.
Good
Yes u can get to most recent under the more option but it should automatically do that because that's how ppl wanna see it not top stories!!!! If ppl wanna see top stories have it under more options not the other way around
A great way to keep on touch with family, friends, celebrities and businesses.
Could b better
1234
Susee
Nice to use
This app takes up too much battery power to run
Really good app i just wish my news feed wasnt top stories i would perfer most recent
I'm really enjoying this app
It's pvppin
Ever best
Simple and faster...
Dellissimo
Very good app
Gamed awii
Perfect !
Great
This app too large for my device .. I always got error message "your device storage getting low" so i should clear the fb data to free my phone storage .. Please fix it .. Same goes to my lenovo
Hi
Like that I can text me friends
Loved it
Good
Blugh blugh
I updated it and now it loads forever then tells me to free up space on my phone and wont open!!!!!! Fix it!!!!!
Facebook is cool
Still has problems. Sometimes you can't just like any posts. And has a bit of problem while uploading. New update made it just worse. Freezes every second. Last update has just made this app so much more worse. Please think about it. You know such an international and famous app... should not be like that. Thanks.
Owsme
Well that app is not new we all now the facebook   but niCe
Suman
It's awesome app but it occupie more than 60Mb........please reduce it than  i will give 5 star.
Been working pretty great, no bugs as of yet.
Update
For the free ap!
I lyk diz Facebook it'z amazing
Nice graphics...but pictures not loading.....help rquieed
geting worse app, slower too bad to use it,giveme some new isue onegai..
Its the same just a little faster but not realy cool just wierd
marvelous
Ab it's col now ...better than
Though its a social networkin site.. it restricts addin many unknown person.. specially no request frm galsz.. lol ;)
Bonnilyn Getts Mascio
I hate that the videos play without me playing them. It freezes my screen. This is facebook not instagram!
Nice app with new design
Awesome
Lol
So
Error message is -24 error code.  Negative 1 rating
Angela laughing loving prude
wow what a app this is a world using this app
I dont like the way Facebook starts up everytime i turn my phone on. It robs my data
Pictures still not loading, had to delete other apps just to update, why does each update need more space for the same app? Fix or I'm completely uninstalling this app until you learn to properly fix it
Love it
I like it
I like it
Malie
Very good
I don't know much about all this but I am learning
If you do not lock your facebook somebody can look at you picturces
Problem with  Facebook
Facebook
The best social network
Can you also add the "Custom" as an Audience Option for every post/picture/status and even album? I've been waiting for that update all my life. Lol.
Really its good app there is no any other apps like this..
Its good
Update makes it usable
University towns have been in need of a modern, family-friendly social network for ages. This is the best solution for smartphone and tablet users working together in general. This version also includes new features for campus life to help people learn about their location and meet other students.
Is ok for keeping up to date with everyone and it is fun but my photos wouldn't always upload, kept freezing and shutting it self down.
Love It!!
Why Facebook app. Consumes a lot of Internal storage space. Thats a big problem in low internal storage phone users like me.
New update is extremely slow. And they don't give an option to uninstall the current updates.
buen usable gayot
Everybody love it
Facebook wants access to TOO much information.  Why do you guys need access to my external storage on my phone such as document files, videos, etc.?  I can't stand for this any longer.  *Pushes the uninstall button*
Good
Supr   .. .
Ya just can' t beat FB! It has nearly all you could ask for. Their personnel are very well educated and love their getting back to you right away when you have a problem!  I love being able to know what's happening with family n friends . N just look at all the games there are to choose from. How would you rate  them now? Be nice! I feel they need something new at this site. . wouldn't you say that FB has n Is The BEST SITE ! ?? I found Lot of my old friends n families I hadn't seen for Years! Thank you FB!
It closes out and doesn't like to use data without internet availability. Other wise this is my life
Good
man this gonna be huge blast
Gteat
Doesn't Work
Ft ha bhai
Updates suck. Hate the new set up.
I like this facebook app because this app is very simple for use facebook
Excellent
Its fantastic apps, I liked it very much.enjoy with Facebook. I need faster Facebook please.
It crashes and lags constantly.
Cool app
Pants
Nice one
Always goes off...
Great!!
but little bit laggy on cheap internet service provider lol
Woww
the app consume to much memory and so slow --
Amazing
I think they should put a 'notes' icon.
Love fb  keeps me in  touch with old and new friends
Vivekshukla
Good
I like it great upp fastly process cool app
V.G !! :)
Just a suggestion for those of us who like to utilize our settings: On PC you can select WHICH friends can see your posts. On a phone, you can't. We can only select from: Friends, family, local, work etc... I want to be able to post something and decide that specific people can't see it. Please!?
I don't like the fact Facebook want access to all of private data... It has nothing to do with them or how the app runs.
Doesn't go as fast and it's more lame.
it's best social apps ever , i can contact my cousin from another country anytime :)
It's wonder
Latest update doesn't allow you to select a folder when uploading a picture.
El mejor
Luv it <3 <3 :*
It be fine.
Original game.  I enjoy it because it is rather challenging to win.
shailesh joshi
Great for connecting with friends and family.
Very bed services
Stephanie white
Exiting the app using the back button resets the view to the default top stories.  I have to change this every time I forget to just hit the home button.  I just want to be able to set it to the most recent view and it actually stay there as opposed to fb trying to force their alternate views on me. Now when I click on a story that opens a Web site and back out of it, the app reverts back to the top stories view. Just a horrible way to screw with the way we view our feeds.
Great app the new design is very good and i love the new app using it.
Aowsome
Facebook
Nice
Terbaik
Nice
Improving....
Always crash,shity update
So far so good I'm loving it
No love   is life
Verry good comunication
Mast hai yAr ..maza aa jata hai ...while using it ...having all my friends
Its gud
O.k. liking the new update still alittle sluggish.  But hey I will settle.  Finally I can look at recent post. From right now instead of 4 days ago. Stories.
It's the best way to communicate with your family and friends no matter where they are....This app it's awesome
Gets the job  done
The option magically appears every once in a while, then randomly disappears with absolutely no way to get it back. And of course, as the Android version of your app is famous for, it keeps defaulting back to "Top Stories". FIX THIS PLEASE! Top developer? LOL,  I think not!
Good but very slowly work
Love it so much
It seems impossible 2 update the latest vesion why do i have 2 struggel now
We don't get enough control to delete sites within the facebook area. Also Loved the original format better then the current one.
Maybe offer options so that if you MovE you can meet new people in your area
Facebook is great
Awesome ..
Really a good way to have yourself connected!
This app is not working in my smart phone
No description necessary... simple the best social app
Lag sometimes
Wow ibut it is updating stil nty coming
Love all
Its so good
Hi
Galaxy Note 3 Version(4.4.2) KitKat
Update
The new update had everything needed. :)
Exciting
Been using it everyday..
Its a useful app but does drain the battery unless you log off properly.
Love playing on facebook... love connecting with friends
Thanks for your business .....
Like it but I can't watch videos...

Nice
After updating i still have the Old UI ..
I can't download the update. The app thinks my phone has insufficient storage.
superb
Facebook prost ca nici o poza nu poti trimite
Bery goob
Kuldip
The new update is not good please fix. I don't get message notifications anymore, therefore I will only see it if I decided to click on facebook itself. I don't see a notification on the notification bar on my phone nor it won't flash an led light to indicate that there is a message. My settings are fixed to where it should notify on the notification bar on the phone as well as the led light blinking. Hope this can be fixed.
Good
Very nice aap's
Timev pass only
O
Love it
Its a little better than the last still needs to have a little more work done
After multiple attempted reinstallation of the app it does not work
Super Super Super Super Super Super Super Super Super Super Super Super Super Super Super Super Super Super Super Super Super Super Super Super Super Super Super Super Super Super
Awesome
Keeps on restarting
This app earns a soft place in heart for faster communication between family members...thank you Mr.Mark for giving the world a wonderful community network.
use to find people
Christina Dropping-Collins
Way too much access to what's on my device, you don't access to EVERYTHING!
Greate app
Its very good to have this ap in my phone
Fb you are the   best friend
It's okay
Love it
Nice sweet
nnn
Nice one
I met new people and got to talk to my family from mexico
Fix some stuff ya? Okk lol
GOOD
I hate updating this app. Each and every time it gets an update, it is horrible. Why try fixing something that was semi working  before. You need to fix this app where it actually works!
Who doesn't love fb lol
Its an superrb aap bcoz of this I got my love really its superbbb i am very thankful for this who has made
Love it!!
I love this app
Very good
i love it ... its easy to .... nothing problm wit this app
This app is the best...it works very well..that's why I give 5 stars for this app....
Its not only good because it connects us with the people, its good because I loved it
Beterr
So slow after the recent update..
fast
THIS IS SOO FAST AND AUTOMATIC UPDATED.REALY HELP FULL AND
Excelente
Fb.....
Not good...  don't download friend
Less commercials sick of scrolling through the sea ads
This is a great website ya love it
Plzzz..download this version..it's good for ur connectivity.
I get on the app once a day, and scroll through my entire news feed until I start seeing the same stories again.... This is IMPOSSIBLE to do when the app automatically refreshes my feed, and takes me to the top of the page with no warning. I am very close to uninstalling this app.. It is a flat out piece of ____(choose your explicative)____....
Its relly vary fast,good and easy to use.
It is not copying in my SD card.... the biggest problem......fix it maannnn
The app close automatically
Keep improving :)
Supr
It just comes up with an error
It works slowly
Ok
Love fb but slow on my phones (
The best app ever
Why does it always ask me to update to the newest version and when I enter play store there's no sign for update? What's wrong with FB thesedays?
like it, but it drains battery even after closing, i tried but coudn't keep it from auto starting every now and then! -_-
Awesome cool !
Its good but its quite slow..... News feed sometimes doesn't load up sometimes.... Overhaul good app
My news feed doesnt show the newest post
Loved it
Hello
Can not block constant game invites like I can on the full site. Deleted app because I get 20 notifications a day and when I checked them it was another stupid candy crush invite.
New update is much better
Um ok
Chillin! :-)
I want to be able to share a picture with a comment to just one designated friend, not all of them.
Better
News feed sucks
Can be made more better
I'd love to make it the default, (I can on my Kindle Fire) but here to get it is very cumbersome.
Ever since the app updated I have been entirely cut off from using it. Nothing will refresh it keeps saying unknown error and nothing seems to wotk to fix it....developers please fix this quick!
Good
I like face book
Amazing app
Suparp
Love you facebook
Great
2 number ki duniya sab yaha backwash jhut fareb makaari hai
nice so love it
Good
It's a very good app.
If you have a Galaxy Tab 3 then you already know that you cannot play videos on Facebook through your browser but through the app you're able to and because of this I'm giving it 5 stars plus the fact everything seems to work fine.
FB
Love d app but uses more memory !!
Awesome
Best app ever. ..
It says the update is only 18 mb where as i did the update and is a lot bigger than that by 10 mb, just to sign in it jumps up to 58 mb from 28 mb, this is too much room, if it wasn't for the space i would rate 5 star. But on the other hand it runs fast. Uninstalling update until something can be figured out with the space
Good
Like the seperate feeds for top and recent. Would like it more if it was at the top of the other column but a general improvement. Still needs help on the what is really recent department and what is an updated comment
It's a faff to find most recent stories and there is no way to default it
Gud
Crap app
Why is it so slow especially when chatting
Very excellent app
when i get it that is
Owesem apps for connecting with all friends and family members. ..
Good
Try this fastbook
K.
Please give us a new tablet version
Very nice
Awesome but Annoying
Very nice
love the new facebook update
Hark
Very Fast and clear massage to friends & others
I really cant update...why is that so?
I talk & see people I havent seen or talked too in for ever! Facebook rocks¡î rock on fb¡î
I m loving it
Fb
F bb
Every update seems to make it worse.
Error
h
Good to maintain relationship and find new friends, find old friend
Garbage as usual. When I go to look at my feed it should default to most recent. Not stuff from a couple of days ago.
Excellent app
Mary Ann Davis and Family
Whenever i open any page on fb to see posts it shuts down .... only first post shows and if i scroll down fb shuts down....
Very nice aplication
Bejor
069592650
V good
Ok
I love it
Latest update hasn't stopped it from crashing mid start.
Nyc
It will be very better to have a video downloading facility.
Latest update caused the app to crash my phone....hope this one fixes it!!!
Could be alot
Boompanot
Love it and hi!!!
Facebook rules
Janicemoraca
Ugh  updates.
The theme look so old and dumb...
Why take away the option for most recent stories? Now I miss post's and have a jumbled news feed. Not impressed with Facebook.
great
Superrr
Gud app
loved it
I don't like the update need to make it better!!!!!
Nice
Nice to get connected on online to all the last one
Gud
Its very good appp
Just fabulous
Love it!!
Facebook
It wouldnt b to bad if they were more efficient on helping ppl get into accounts when they no longer have phone to verify them. Ive been lovked oa yr now
Facebook
Its nice
Just Awesome
Very bad. when I do a new account  it  do not accepted .:-[ :-( :-P
Wonderful app
Still has some trouble with privacy and features but I like it
This is amazing app.
This app suck it keeps freezing or when its not freezing it won't let open it at all plz fix it
It's a pretty ok app moves quick and it keeps me up to date on everything from my news feeds to tge latest news .
Jst down it!! Ma advice,,
hope it gets better!
Oo
It keeps freezing and won't refresh. I'm 3 days behind on my news feed and I can't post anything.
good .
Way better
Jgujj
Coool
When somebody link their link in my comment it doesn't directs me to that link, but instead it shows the news feed again
Very good
So simple an easy..!!
Working very well !  :-)
ENDRUM ANBUDAN M.S KUMAR
Better
Bt fix it.. little bit slow..
mmmmm
I like the way they moving!!
Love it
Works fine. Functions intuitively.
All spam.. too. Many ads...
The best way to contact frnds
Vry  gd comunication b/w peoples and frds
Unnecessary permissions.
I love it
I cant read my news feed...
Should be of a lesser size and should be speedier.
Nice
My experience is awesome on thz aap..
I loved it
Its great..!!
Thanks for the surprise. I am genuinely pleased and I am not the easiest to excite
It's very good
Excellent..


Omar hisham galal
nice
Good app
It keeps telling me I need to log in again and when I do it logs out automatically and tells me to log in again.... I'm going to uninstall then reinstall...Smh
Excellent...
Bhest
very useless
It never starts
Well as the most important thing is that it was a great wthe ay to get
Awesome
How can i get new emoticons for status and comments?
needs improvement, but still awesome (y)
Yay
Jessa
Very good
Much better than before
¦ª¦Á¦Ë¦Ç ¦Õ¦Á¦Ò¦Ç
Jr
Awesome gsme
Good
comment
App runs slow, i get kicked off A LOT when trying to share. Takes forever to load friends or other pages. Also, i would really like to see a "dislike" option added for when "like" is inappropriate n we don't know how else to comment on a post. For instance, "I was just involved in a fender bender and it totaled my car" ya don't want to "like" a post like that n if that person has a thousand friends n you comment, you then get notified when the other 999 people comment.
Gud apps
Simply awesome
Mushi i like
Let's try.
I love it! Everywhere I go I'm always connected.
When I get onto Facebook,  I would assume my news feed would update automatically,  however I scroll to the top of the page and wait for it to load,  and it never loads.  I sometimes have to turn my phone off and restart it.  As well the odd time I am on Facebook,  it will randomly just exit the Facebook app.  Very disappointing.
facebook Boy
Previous versions were more stable like after browsing if I switch to other app and come back later, my browsing remains intact but in new version, 80% of times app reloads from scratch. I have to go through all again which is very frustrating. And now updating its crashing everywhere.....  :(
M enjoying
Good. But full side may support.
Fav
I dont like this new version. I want the older one.
Awesome skin
It  easy  to read
Nice
its annoying when i watch videos in facebook, it shows under the video what i watched.... i hate it
Top stories
This app is 2 mins shy of my phone...i want never upload or see post asap...im really starting tohate this phone app as is many due to the3.5 likes...its slow n no its not my Samsung its ur b.s.format u got till Friday to fix than u will get removed i rather deal with the desktop...im not playing n will bash this site...y'all get he'll of our info n can't even have ya  Site up to par...smh...i can't !!!
Love it
Faster response
Awesome app...:)
i cannot update the app
The FB update was very impressive because of the new outlook. It looks very organized now. Great app! :)))
Samsung Galaxy Note 2
Thanks 4 keeping this app improving.
Great app
Fentastic
Premkumar
Best play facebook
Hooooo
Nice
Me gusta no te deja poner me gusta y todo lo que ocultas se queda ahi estorbando nada mas :(
Its good love it
111786asan.
RamRod L¨®pez
I love this app but it takes alot of space. Its not the only app we use so please try to shrink this to a large extent.
Great
Mr
They changed it back into the normal size
Sangat bagus
Crashes 90% of the time I open it. Have to uninstall and reinstall.
¥Ä
I like application
I think Facebook is a nice app/website but its not used in the right way
Friends talking about things and just random gossip
It always says error blah blah then there is an insufficient storage but my storage is too big. Argh
Top
it's very easy to use and also faster one but in that there should be resent visitors list just like as orkut
Yes l love "facebook"
Social networking
Much better. Thank u
Wonderful experience!
its fun and easy to use
Why
Like ! $ ~. ~$........
Nyce
Xoil
cool
working just ad i want
Awesome application
This is amzing
Google Nexus 4
Excellent
It doesn't even show nothing all it says us trouble loading :/
Good
Bera
Nice
How about that
Muy buena la recomiendo... de todos modos no hay otra opcion.
Kk
It finally updated the new version. Back to 4stars. I just don't like the way it shows older post from friends
The face smiles at you
Will not download error -24
New generation apps .
Nikoii
I have internet, but my Facebook claims that it can not load,
It is better than it used to be since I first became a member. Faster and more efficient. It is great.
always have
Why need all the information off my phone. Not understandable ...
Unless it keeps freezing my phone
Very good application for telling our emotion to our friends and sacral
Good
I like it
Very nice
Great application
Coooool
Why is that time in facebook application?i use a 12hrs format i post in facebook today and when i saw the other day the time is like military time.. 23:00 instead 11pm.. and my GPS is turning on when i post it has a location but i cant see in my post in near etc. Pls fix this..
Muje yeh social media website bhouth achaa lagatha hai
Awsome
Realy cool and helpful app
Shaji
Absolute garbage!! Now it tells me there's an update, but there isn't one when I go to update it. Don't waste your time on this crap!!! It deserves 0 stars! The app unexpectedly quits way too much..
Phyllis Jimmeye
Brilliant app
Superb
Greg
Wawww
Nice
Love it
Good
Dr
Good
Nice.. not better then whatapp
Very nice and good
It works better
Excellent !
GS5 experience is getting near perfect
:)
786
Sab ki ma chod di bhai is ne
Love it.
Good
Best ever
Nice update
I cant update . why? .
Facebook is lief
To add a channel to your airtel digitalTV a/c, SMS GET  or to remove a top-up, SMS REM  to 54325 from your registered mobile.
A few months a go an upfate changed everything, but now I am used to it... it's great
Good
Ceperr
Conecting.people
Great app
Best evrytime
Cutr
Good
Performance is maximum on speed ....
Ok
I have a phone due to the fact I am disabled my mom of 89 yrs has me @ her house I cannot b alone my one aide went on vaca .I was supposed to go to the flamingo store today I was too sick people on phone were nasty  I have insurance,I will get to that storeby Friday if I need an ambulance.. When u find out how I was treated u will cringe I have insurance& hope u have a phone waiting for me t/u Bobbi canale
Me ayudo a contactar amistades de mi adolescencia y saber que a sido de sus vidas
The updates are cool!
N
Great application.
Good
Love
cant copy paste my old status..cant read my notes...cant watch my video...fb become WORST
The menus are a little awkward to get to but other than that it's alright
Nice app.
Its very good
Smile a few
Good...
Cool app indeed....
Fun But sometimes Bad post will happen :) ;(
Nice app
Shahridan shah
Offline posting and liking is cool, but maybe something as simple as a preview pane with thumbnail when posting a link should get added to the app first. Even the mobile website manages that basic function.
Facebook android app size is increasing and becoming more heavy for the phone to handle. Making the app run slow. Is there a lite version of Facebook?
A lot of bugs. Always something new.
Please it really needs an update because when someone is online and goes off it says active 2 days ago and the time on it does not work please solve this as soon as possible then I'll change the rate
Take more than 60 mb and always update
Crap.... Whenever i try to play a video my phone get hang n log out frm the app
Cool app!
New app is terrible, can't see most recent updates
Dr K k jha
Will not let me update app
I really don't care, it updates me pretty much
Bahut badhiya hai superfast
No notifications
Love it
Y does the description say the app is 24.65mb and when its finally downloaded I see 33mb minus data and 54mb inclusive of data?
It works good on mine. But sometimes it says "Facebook stopped" though when I clicked "Ok" then tried to click the FACEBOOK APP again it works well. So it doesn't matter but what matters to me is that sometimes the screen pauses while I'm scanning some posts. But over-all for me it's 5 stars! ^o^
(Y)
Nice
Love it
Nice
ALWAYS get unknown errors.
Nice version... faster.. better .. gud desined...
Nice program not bad
Smarter
Only once every week does it say that it isn't working properly, and when I reopen it, it works perfectly fine. Good job, creators!!
Ok
I can't even see the new news, I refresh and refresh and all I got is the same top stories....I like to see the latest stories,  and not the  old top's ones....
New face book
You don't ask for a review right after the update. I haven't even tested it yet. I do know that the previous one was garbage. It was slow and page sometimes just wouldn't refresh.
Nice, I love the new update :)
soooo good
It's tried and true for the young and old. Everyone has fbook!
Nice Job
Isn't responding especially looking for more photos!!
I love it
Every time I open it it force closes. Very frustrating!
I use it everyday so it can't be that bad.
Nice
Awsome
Latest update makes it crash as soon as I touch anything.
awesome :-)**
Very useful
Love the games and people on here
The must app that everyone must have on their cell
I don't like how the timeline doesn't allow you to set to most recent
I love facebook
It lovely
I loved it
my baby
Thanx
Good
Its really really nice wow very nice it will be best forever no one can be popular as it is.
:)

Please make the MOST RECENTS as the NEWEST FEED. So we needn't see under more on the right. I think all facebooker will love it.
Sometimes it doesn't update for a long time

Since then all the issues I have had have been resolved. The pictures now download. I can count on it to take my post. I don't have to jump on my browser anymore. I didn't give it five only because occasionally it loads real slowly. That maybe as much my signal as Anything but other apps load. All in all they did a lot to improve the product. Those crazy error messages  are gone and I can see pictures.
Working well on my grand 2
Nice apps
The experience of using Facebook for android shadows any other mobile platform.
Too much slowww¡­ :(
Newsfeed
i loved it
Good one.... :)
Love fb
Its very good
Fb needs to learn from other like for like social networking sites like g+   not being able to create friend group lists is not good. A very basic tool and great for organising friends lists.
Good
At all. Everytime it says error.
Good
It just brings me closer to my family and friends and see what they are doing with their own family.
It is a very good app but it does use a lot of storage which makes it harder to update
Very entertaining
Churva ek ek. haha.
Great app with great features:)
Vry bad
It is very useful
Good to go!
K
Love to do facebook
Sederhana
Cool
Go
Great app....there is no doubt that this app is the best to stay connected with frens and meet new ones ....searching for new or finding old one great option provided and the option to pour out our heart with the things provided in the app....any other app will be hard to get better than this 'fb'....why not give a 5 star
20031995
It's still not perfect but it's definitely better than previous versions.
Fairly decent now
I love the idea of what you want to do with it all the way you can do to help you with your new car i have to sleep in
Nice
It's very usefull
Liked it!
I don't Understand why I have to add more updates to my phone. uggh
Can download image directly. suggestion- make video downloadable like pics.
Nice app
This app takes up SO MUCH SPACE. That kinda sucks.
Now open my old page
Facebook
Facebooked! :-)
jk
WAYYYY TO BIG
Fast apps for samsung galaxy s3
Great
Good
It's a great app but the only thing for me is that It updates my newsfeed automatically everytime when I just want to scroll down and see older posts. Would give five stars but that really bugs me.
Keeps on updating the same version. Same updates. Nothing happens -.-
I couldn't update the app because apparently my 16gb phone has "insufficient storage available". Why is the file so big now? It's crazy!
It's not so excellent but it's not too bad,,  a kind of ok'i
so cool
Why is my news feeds showing stuff from yesterday when I'm clearly clicking recent......fix it please
Great
Nice job!!
Good
Everything is fast as lightning
Amazing
Loved it
I hope I'm not as big a dork as the guy in the picture holding the kid (above). I might be, for using Facebook. Hahahahaha!
Better than the last one
i love it
Nice
Good
Notary public it lets me tell my friends and others how my business is growing .
Connecting with friends is easier
Larra mae Quidosoy
Font size is too small to be read while there is no flexibility to change it. It is almost useless in my samsung galaxy note 10.1 wide screen. This needs to be improved.
nc
I love using facebook on mobile
I would like to see my friends recent post not post from four days ago I feel I shouldn't have to go to my profile to see most recent post bit overall it's ok
Sushil Ghosh
Love it!!!!!
Amazing.
S 3
The good was improved to be a better one. Thanks.
Loved it
One more thing will make most usable if it has direct text copy options
App wont even open after recent update
Good
Stop this unnecessary updates
Must
Doesn't go to the person's status when selecting from widget. Just pens Facebook to news feed.
Superb
My app crashes every time I am scrolling and I come to a posted video. No problems if no videos, but anything below a posted video is unreachable. Turning off autoplay has no effect. (Moto. Droid Maxx)
Please use it with honestly. Tks
Choooper
Awesome
This app made me forget my computer! Facebook much more easier.. just a hand to update status!
Good app
Love it very much
Goodwork
Good
Cool
I can access many things like newspapers,magazines,jokes and other information,I like it
It's okay.
Deserve 5*
Its awesome..
0k now 5 Stars
Nice
It's ok..
It catching up
Why must we all be slaves to the Facebook?
/ Tony Gerhart
Love it
Very good Version
Fb is awesome
Real cool app does work smothly totally luv it
Its a good social network
It's good so far
Need some improvement.. specialy on likes..
BooooooW
Lv u
Great
Awesome apps
Supar
Samsung star pro
Super
It is very nice to use
Ultimate
Sameer
So i am giving only 2star and please reduce the size
Vedio downloading not working on mobile, old version good
Great App
koki
Facebook
Aswinisuresh
Gooooood one
I updated the app now it won't work
Love it
S 5
why does fb insist on changing things that weren't broken.. my news are all messed up and i can't bother to see the same things over and over.
so many changes....just leave it be.
i love it
when i senf any massage to my frnd its take lots of loading then send the massage...so i rate it 1 star
nice . :)
I luv it
Awesome
Its ok
Nyc one
No m0re pic comment. . .sadly
Thank you for the offer to update it to make it run faster!!! I'm not interested in updating anything else, thank you!!!!
like the update.
Ya it's good
Easily accessible
Supreme wealth alliance by Dulce5
Its ok
Is l<3ve :))))
keep it up and improve evenmore
What charges u r fixing
Very good
Coz it make me easy to keep in touch with my family, my friend and people around the world^^ like it^.-
Who does not like Facebook!!!
Nice ;)
Update fscebook
Love facebook and this is as quicker way on
Good
Funny
Most popular social networking site.  Fb. I have many good friends from this website.
Nice
How do I like photos, pages and posts when I am offline ? Does the likes keep on pending till I get online ?
....
good app
I dont. Like. the  fact that i see  ppl post from yesterday nd days   before  that other than that  its good
With slack wellies and a tub of vaseline
Good....
Love it
Nice
Oxsy latosa fernandez
Try it once
Working Gud now!Thankxx
Its nice and m loving it.
Awesome
Nice apps
Not bad but lags
Jjjvcg kgxk
There is no birthday reminder function...
So good
I love it everyone thinks it ruins relationships and drama but in reality you are the only person who can allow our do that Facebook has kept me in touch with friends and family out of state.
Super nice!!
Decent, a few link issues once in a while, but overall pretty good
Super
Suoper
Kemunto Winnie.
Lovely
Excellent app
Update and update memory is getting lesser and lesser every time and not any significant changes .
I love it
Great app
What can I say...it works
good
Good update....even like when u are offline.
love
Can add on a *back to top* button?  Normally we are keep rolling and rolling the news feed,  and when we wanted to back to the top page,  we need to rolling up back,  it's wasting time. And why don't just add on a *most recent* button at the front homepage?
Muahhh
:)
I love to u it
Exilent
....
Good
Friends   friendly  fries
Dear mark zuckerburg . Please enable android user to reply the comments of pages we reply on web
Masih aga berat app nya sama makan banyak memory-_-
So many those stories I wanted to update are disappeared! Please, please, please!
Nice to use MY FACEBOOK. ITS REALLY FUN.
Yah it's cool
Yeah
Daily life campanion
Love to remain in touch with my old and new friends and this app helps me alot in that....
It nice to have fb cause the person that you not been seen you can have to connect with them even there are far to you...
Brings all your conversation at the tip of your fingers in a more convenient way.
I've gone through alot of cell phones. I was forced to deactivate myself several times Facebook has hung in there with me all this time. So I'm going to give them an excellent golden 5 Stars <3 <3 And I would like to thank Facebook 4 Sticking with me. Through All of the ups and downs that we all go through in life. God bless & Goodnight Thank You Facebook :-) And a special thanks to all of its Facebook administrators
I love..
Nice
Nice
Keep it up ..
M waiting 4 da miscal app
After the recent update once I clicked more post on different pages, it would just close
Good for communication
Very nice......new update is gud
MIND BLOWING
Contact friends
Wes clarke
Nice app..loved it
Its boring
Awesome
Awesome!
I count on all information received from this source.
Nice service
Awesome
I liked it much!keep it up
Let's me keep in touch with family and friends
Because I can contact with my friends easily and chat with them
Updates sometime make this app worse
I love it's so fun.
Nt bad
Love the app. ..
amazing
Cool
Hw many tyms it need to update ... Fed up wt dis
Nandish
Umi
Its not working.------------//////
x
Nice
(Y)
You can text friends from all over the world this is the best
Nice apps
Eaisly share photo,comments'tags..and any other..lot of fun on fb..gud
Works well on both my Galaxy note 2 and my Galaxy Tab Pro 10.1
Hi
Lol
born  in 1978in Hobegong.now I am in ivorycoast for UN peace Kiping programs.I have pr
I am not satisfied with this app. It takes more time to load and I get irritated by this. Another thing is when I search for anything and it shows perfectly But if I modify the term and search, it doesn't show anything. All I will get is blank. I should go back and search again.. Devs fix it soon.
I love it
Nice
Good 4 now
Love it
Its easier update I like it thanks face book
Daring
Well
Miss
Other than some small adjustments its great
Always kicking me off not real happy with it
July 2014 Updating again. Let's see if promised improvements are evident.  |  July 2013. Might uninstall if this new update doesn't help functionality.  |  12/2012 Works better with newer phone/android version. AUGUST: installing again with hopes of keeping it more than 1 day.
I love fb
Exellent
Go
Love it
Nothing
It is my life line
Awesome ..... I can keep in touch with my friends everywhere .... even bankok!
I like facebook and it is very good application.
My Phone Memory is still not enough :(  beacause my is Samsung galaxy Y its up to 50MB :(
Nice
...male...pot...female...picture.....name female also
Every after 2 or 3 months its OK but raise or once in a mont is not good.
Updating 4 third time 100%.update happened thn says error what the Hell happened Facebook quality gng worse ????
Can't see what im typing
Helps keep me from being bored.  Keeps me updated with friends and new ones.
Exellent
Its poppin
Nice
I love fb
This update needs to be patched.  The app crashes almost as soon as I scroll down the feed. My phone runs on an Intel Atom.
Sexxxo app
Most useable apps...
Its amazing apps but quite slow and time consuming from download from play store
Why it becomes very big in size and that's bad..,  and the disaster is can't movable in SD...  T_T...
It is social networking
The thing is it takes a lot of Internet data from the registered sim So please check
I love facebook I can hav fun and talk 2  my friends I just love facebook
Super
Good
Exchange thoughts. Connect with dearones and be updated .
Sweety :D
Very good
Love this app...
I love this app
Great application ever built!
Facebook keeps me updated with friends and family.
Would rate 5 stars but since the update I'm unable to watch videos anymore
Very good
Wish you could do everything on the desktop version on the app or mobile version.
Loved it
Nice development
Tahamahmud
I'm addicted to facebook its my best friend. At all times.
Too interesting some times
Life
Gooooooooooood
Lovely daughter
This is new and fresh..
San Entertainment Hub
GOOD DEAL!
Good
good
Facebook, what can I say? It's helped me connect with so many people, I would've never been able to get to know.
Good speed after update
This app works okay.
Perfect
Superb
Awesome Especially The Edit Button
Facebook
Easy access.
shahid
Super
Awesome,,,just perfect to be around ur favourite
Facebook
Really love it but keeps on crashing
The latest update took away the option to share multiple photos on someone else's page and that's inconvenient. You have to either just tag them or post one at a time.
I almost never get my comments when I use this app. It crashes alot! HTC inspire
Not bad
Liked it
It slows down more. It lags more. Kindly please fix all the features of the app.
Like it,,,can see much friend in here
Thanks.

Love the UI
Really Amazing!
This app is just too good
Better and different
Its fb ... Its good
Amazing version
It shuts down on me after the recent update. Not once but, many times. Please fix.
Too good but kill lots of MB
If I could give you no stars I would !!! I am so tired of updating your app all the time just so it works its getting sniper annoying. Not to mention the fact that half the time it doesn't load right
Best!!!
Works better these days. Still can't delete life events. I hate that.
samsung galaxy note 1. nice app
so better we can have a good time on facebook
Cool
I can't update    . ..
Nice
It stopped working all of sudden so i uninstalled then reinstalled again done this twice already going on the third time
Great
I try to look at the new messages but I see no new messages
The best social network
It really sucks I need to reinstall the app every time I go near a auto play video. My tablet freezes. Considering say bye bye F.B. I've had enough of the B.S.
Won't let me comment 
Facebook
Nice
W
dev
Views
Good
I'm just learning how to use Facebook. I would like to know how to delete older messages and unwanted invites to gaming sites.
Good
click
I don't know what people are complaining for, on my S3 and S5 the app operates like a charm. I just updated it on both phones and it's awesome. Good job to the developers
Faster & simple
Jo
My all any time. The comments for your Talk to you. I have been in touch with the best of the most important things in life and I am a beautiful day, and the other day, and a few minutes to any network and unlimited access to the top right of the most important part in me life is good for you to do with a friend about this product is currently being the best way to get a chance to win a new member of your own the luck, I have been a long term and a bit of fun and exciting opportunity to meet you
sooopar
Okay
Facebook
Awesome...,nice app.
this app is good.
Good
Great
I m luving it...:*
Love it... Its the best
Awesome. ..... lv it...
Turuu
Awesome app:)
Its slow
There is no option for -ve stars??? Google please add. Fb mobile is getting worst day by day. Great going......
Grrrr uses all of my data! Over consuming greedy hitler of an app!
Every time I update it gets worse and now it won't even redownload the game keeps saying error code
Good shot...oye
Faster
This new update has got way many bugs!
Offline update of crap
just go to Default the top  right and scroll down you will find most recent you can add it to your favorite
Interesting
Great App!
Gotta be better than last update,fingers crossed it wnt need doin again x
GREAT
This is most fabulous app for Facebook..   It works so fast that i can upload pics n many more very easily moreover also very fast... Perfectly works in low speed internet also...umhaaa..love it... First app for which i am giving five star pls a good comment too
supreb
Facebook is the best social media site I've ever been on its easy to understand things and its always a blast
Love it easy and fast
I love it.
Stops constantly
GooD
Lavish app
Slow processing..  need more fast
MD¡îP¡ïKhan
Great try it
Very nice
It cool
Thanks
Thanks for the update
I love it only thing is that some reports are never reviewed though
I guess this is cool
It wont let me download
Mandy Rokeryn
Most useful.
I love Facebook so much
Why does this app can read my messages, Modify files in my SD Card? & most of all, Why does it have to record my voice? Is it really necessary for you guys who are developimg this app? Seriously -__-
It ok
This is user friendly and I enjoy the featuers...but you must add the option to re edit the posts and comments. And also provide the option to copy and paste the comments. Then it would the one as desired and loved by all. Hmm.
Good
That what up
"Stop Notifications" function for posts.
good
Wow Fb
Fb iz a addiction for us..
It's improving so i give a 2 star. The loading still takes way to long at times even when i have 4g.
Hate it.   Only use it for Candy Crush.
I wish you had a bigger box for your profile picture..... This tiny little square isn't cutting it for me
Love it
This app will take up 70MB including data and the application, and that would be fine of I could just move the app to my memory card so it won't take up my phone's limited space. Until that option is available, my rating won't go up.
Apps is excellent.
Great, i love it
Amazing<3
My trusted Social Media
Seems like my problem got fixed..
Amzing
Nice apps
This A Great app can be faster
A best friend who will keep accompany when ever we need. Its my dear Facebook. Thank You
Nice
Pics load half the time videos most of the time do not load , if i like a comment shows i did then disappears.. updated but telling me to again then crashes
Facebook doesn't support local Indian language like punjabi...this fb doesn't show punjabi language ..please do something
Wooot
Facebook
I can easily view most recent now. I love it!
I cant uplod my pic on groub folder...hope wil be fix soon...
Always use with my phone
You can disable auto play for videos by swiping to your right and scrolling down to app settings.
Better and better
Great
Well done
I wanna change the color though
102213 best facebook ever
Love it
Awesome
Excellent
Updated is 5*
Need that good woman come in my life
Good
Uuummmmmhhhhh my fav app
ok now....
Good
There are many thanks , share and like for u , fb. A day without u , increase ur importance .
Whateva
Love it
Nice update
It's helpful when trying to find people you love
Love my FB what else is better?  This family and family is my social network,  and I love it I just wish my news feed would would be accurate, Great improvement since last update!
Great app kps me smiling for days BUUUUUUUHHHHHHHHTTTTTTTT  when will you ever change the colour of Facebook? Ths colour is outdated please guys.
friends
Its superb!!! Just wish it doesn't need frequent update
Fantastic  Social media ...in ...the world ...   !!!
Fadu.  Bhai
App   bt plz dnt  update every time cz cell phine space is low
Messenger not responding
Good
Marbeles.......
Good form of communication, security & privacy should be aplicable to public & service provide.
Hello.friends.
Yo yo
Really helps
Amazing
Retirement
Love it but the bugs arefixable right?
No bad
I luv dis app...its smooth,fast reliable and all but why does it have to so freaking huge...90+ mb really....developers should cut down on the amount of data stored on the device or atleast give the users some independence to choose what to store or not....i mean that much of space in internal memory is useless....the app was smaller before and it worked just fine...devs plz look into it...
I love. It
okay
Good!
What the hell is happening now? I updated it and now it doesn't even let me open it,how am I suppose to get in now :-(
love it soooo much
Satisfactory update. ....keep growing
I like it gets the job  done lol
Dear Facebook, let me use Facebook the way I want to. I do not like TOP STORIES, I prefer MOST RECENT. But you all have made it inconvenient to get most recent news feed.
Usefulness
Fbil keraN ithiLum naLLa apP Vere unDooO.......
Error messages? Means what? I wonder what happened to this I'm very mad that this is not working right!
Good
gangu
Love It
:) ahhh
Super frndz
gud
Kerana cepat berhubungan kawan-kawan saya.
Very good
Merge in directia buna
Good
Stoooopid!!!  Was ok till last update. Now we have to manually click on "most recent" every time. Lammmmeeeeee.
Isaiah Moore Sr.
Its OK. Ui buggy as all #$%&...  For a multi billion dollar corporation one would expect more
Silent in my life
I like facebook friend of facebook
Giving a5 start coz they fixed the notifications thing
Good.very good
mmm not bad....
Cool Just don't like the videos playing by themselfs
I think this es best to met friend to eachother
Its a wonderful application to stay in touch with your nears and dears on the go
Gets me all my females
I love my kids and the man I am with.
Tha new update is awesome . . .
Awosm apps
I fucken love it
Fine fine
Awesome
Gud app but uses a lot of memory while u using the app .. if sumthng can b worked around it wud b very useful
Nice app
Thanks for keeping me connected
I haven't had any problems for awhile. I don't know what happened, but i can't post comments or anything. It says I'm offline. Have to post via Web browser :/                  for anyone having an issue with auto play: you can turn it off in your newsfeed options. Stop being lazy S.O.B.s, and actually figure out what the updates do instead of just bitching about everything.
Just nice
Nice.
Needs to be stabilized..
Nicer than before :-D
I cant upload anything wothout it crashing keeps saying #2 error try again. It was working just fine now i cant even post or like anything
Love it .... my fb is alot faster now.
.brazil 1
Feels good
Fb New
Nice
Hey hey
Very good & useful app I like it..
Help it takes up all my space its good but space wise no
The latest facebook updates are not to bad but I didn't like it because they're sometimes when i am connected to internet and they say that there's not internet connection and obviously they didn't let
This app is awesome
Super
Easy connection to friends
Awesome
When come new version with feelings?
Nice
Good
I love it
Crashes sometimes.. I am an admin of a group and no pinpost option...
Horrible update!
It takes forever and a day to update and install!!!
kocak
Facebook
Quicker to get to notifications messages e.c.t.
Locking up regularly since the latest update.  Killing the processes doesn't help.  I have to restart the device. Of thirty or so apps I use regularly, this is now the only one that is crashing.  This should be bulletproof on the Galaxy S4.  It isn't like this is some niche device.
A single chathead will pop out once a friend  chats you and they other chatheads wont pop out while doing multiple chats at the same time...needs update please fix..
:-)
Im having problems with my posts. I cant get it to post my posts out of custom mode even if i try.  And it keeps saying error with refreshing
It got features
I don't think you guys read the feedbacks but still I'm gonna point out some of the missing components in your app.      1. Can't upload photo as comment. 2. Can't reply another comment to a specific person's comment. 3. Can't download the videos anymore as we could before due to your stupid video player. 4. Can't see video's likes and comment while it's being played in the background as we can in a photo.  There are more but, I can't remember them right now.
Its cool
Facebook App is a good social media to promptly interact with known /unknown persons  and to communicate our ideas and suggestions.
I like tht
Nice
Its facebook
Latest version won't update on my phone. Please fix.
:)
really great.. was speechless when i downloaded the stuff
If only I could remove the people you may now section from the time like
Five star devaloper
Luv Facebook.
Ya
nice..
Than it's been in the past.
Five stars application normally good ones.
without the app we are totally incomplete.
X.lacangri.X
It is good but plz can you add an option of uploading a videos.
Nice
Pg buhat mo inyoa na perfect pra wala moy reklamo mga amaw....
I. Love. My. F. B. I. Got. Lots. Of. Friends. I. Realy. Thank. You. For. This.
Boleh la
Wat the f#@k do you think giving a useless update that doesn't let me respond in other people's statuses and put my own status ?! This is as useful as a baby with no hands. You can burn your company to the ground and really go home. Coz I dont see it working for me ergo you ain't working. I can't do the primary thing Facebook was started to do. Post bloody statuses.!!!
When u start it takes lot of time and it process slow while operating
Connecting people
Connecting World.  Simple way make new and good friend.
Facebook is awesome.
Ever since the update my facebook has been messing up. It says I can't post a comment then it posts 7 times. Or it won't let me see people's comments. I can't get it to do anything I am used to
This apps awesome but if u add  birthday notification I con it going to superb app...
I am using fb very nice this apps
I wish I could stop random game notifications from my phone, I wish I could block people without unfriending them so I don't hurt my friends feelings even though I hate their stupid post. I wish I didn't get friend request suggestions (so annoying) I wish I basically had full access to my Facebook page from my phone. If I had one wish, I would wish for more wishes.
Won't allow me to update status, always says error...I don't know what to do...
Awesome
I dont really good it helps me with my friends i dont see but it can be annoying sometimes
Nearly all reviews are total bullshit here. Lame users are the problem, not the software. FB works as it is supposed to work. Installed on my 3 android platforms without any trouble. Good work.
Friendly use:)
Its a great way to keep in touch with friends and family
Very very poor app. It takes lot of time to load.... Its shame 2 facebook who made such a time consuming app
I can't do anything on my Facebook at all whats going on
Excelente*
New update now can't like anything and can't comment awesome!
Pics & Mo thangs! Awwready
Why can't we select to keep it on newest posts instead of what fb considers to be top stories? I hate having to go through the process that is required to see most recent posts.
Awesome
NAMSKAR
Recently, in my device(S3) as soon as I liked anything on my news feed, post automatically gets disliked. Will put back to 5 star when this bugging error is removed.
But i have a problem... when i am sending friend request automatically i become offline. Then need to online again and the friend request i also not sending to the user. Please help to solve that problem please please please.. when my problem solve or give me hint i will give you ¡ï¡ï¡ï¡ï¡ï
Why Facebook?!? Whyyyyyy do I keep getting error code #1705 when trying to Post comments.... I didn't even WANT to update my app ...it just popped up a message telling me to with no other option.... how the heck to I uninstall updates to my Facebook app???
The best
Sk
It is the worst app ever I cannot like or update my status since this new update. Y'all are so sucky at this its a shame. If I could give a rating below 1 star I would Please fix NOW!!! And bring back the swipe to delete comments.
I love Facebook
(:
Facebook mobile is too slow with the new version. Grrrr, it is irritating!!!
News, useful media update's!
Faster is always much more convenient
fine
After the most recent update I'm unable to post any comments (DRZRHDMAX). Please fix...we also tried my wife's phone (S5) and have the same issue.
Still not able to download videos
I hate that it automatically shows popular posts instead of most recent. And even then most recent only goes so far until it says "five hours later." quit messing with the app!
Love n it
Good but needs a lot of improvement
Every other day I need to update my fb, then it keeps on saying error "919" to avoid it,, I uninstall and reinstall the app,, hassle!!!
I keep getting a msg in app that my version of FB needs updated, yet when I go to Google play store, there's no update, but it shows today's date (07/08/14). Uninstalled/reinstalled just to make sure, but no effect. Also, I no longer get push notifications and it TAKES UP SOOOO MUCH SPACE! Even with putting it on my sd card, it's the biggest app in terms of space and that's NOT  a good thing! Almost easier to go on website thru 3G and save space on sd card! Please fix this!
Great
Gone too far. Got to draw the line somewhere. It's been crossed.
Exelent app
Problem with this app is every time you open message it says install facebook chat very irritating
Best Social Network I ever had on my gadget
Love it
Shahmukhlis
Ketemukan semula kenalan2 lama melalui perkhidmatan ini,,Dan sangat mudah penggunaannya.
Update
Ok
huhuhu warning dont update its laggy and nothings change.. pls fix pls fix
This app is keeping crashing on xperia z..cant even enter it
Video won't play
Good
my faccbook our esse kara
Everytime I download facebook and messenger it always says that it cannot be installed in the default install location. Please make some action about this matter. Or give me some advices. Thankyou.
Luv it
Great
Closes within seconds of scrolling. Don't like this update so far very disappointed
Sooooo annoying. Nothing ever works. Nothing. Ever. Crappy crap crap.
It would be a five if I could play videos. It keep saying error.
Location is fixed&I'm enjoying the new interface
Malak Abdulhadi kakar
Great social app some problems sometimes but all in all. A cool way to know what everyonez up to. ;)
after updating i cant even open the app anymore!! ive uninstalled and reinstalled several times no luck..any suggestions?? ugh!
Helps me advertise my business. It Works www.JandL.my it works.com
:)
Kumar
Facebook is great for me and every good person.
I do not like the newer design of FB. Wish you would stop making so many design changes and fix the glitches instead.
East West facebok is the best... 
Goood
I'll never update Facebook until a new version let's me look at the MOST RECENT stories in my news feed.
Amazing app...luv it....
destinee
Super love it :-)
As every body knows but just one thing is needed. We can remove pages we made
Osam
Very Slow app.
Love it. So easy to use and way better than having to search facebook and sign in everytime!!
It cool
Facebook
I have never had a problem with this app 
Superb
It's an excellent app
Except for the fact that it is slow at times . . . It is better
Nice
My hobby...
Same error prblm fix it.says not responding everytime
Awsome
Its gud but some time it will hang
Very good
Never received the text with the approval code and tried several times. Reported the issue to Facebook and never got a response.
New ui looks good. Can't change newsfeed to most recent rather then top stories. I don't want to see posts from weeks ago!!!!
Change it back... Hate this update/version.
:(
"Most recent" is back again :D
It new to be its totally fantaisc good
Loved it
Ok...!
Good
My best
I expect more from Facebook but really I'm not sure why. Sometimes the app glitches and gets stuck. I have to decide if it's worth the memory space. So far it is but barely.
facebook
good
not at all slow....doesn't get hang...n hv a lot of gud stuffs
Post sharing doesn't even work. Total crap!
I is more faster more smarter more entertainer more equire android apps for everyone who like to be get attached in social networking site.
Excelant
After being told it needs another update get told not enough room unload it an guess what now wont install still not enough room should of just stuck with version had
Siiip....
Love it. Good app. Very worthy of 5 stars
Thnk
Luck chaurasiya
Okay
Cool
Very well
Not too bad
Ilove it.,,
Can't limit who sees a post to individual people
It's ok sometimes can't login
App can talk to all my friend family member
Quite heavy, doesn't follow Android design guidelines. Not as fluid as something like 9gag.
Its jumps
Facebook is great It brings people close to each other and i hav also found many of my old friends n gt new friends too
afsheen nadeem
Listen....Digest. ..live. Stop the hatred.
Getting error messages on my news feed and notifications.  Can send messages fine and can log in via mobile site fine..something wrong with app???
Daily updates?!!! Wtf!!
I agree I will not update this app till u take off personal info permission. My texts are none of ur business at all. Facebook you are taking this permission stuff way to far. Poor rating till fixed.
Very nyc
it works perfectly fine with me
Was very good for communcating with people around the world plus you don't need a laptop you can use your phone I could go on and on but ill leave it there
Loved it
Now that I have a new phone I love the facebook app! Minus the fact that I have to uninstall the updates before I can install the current update. Makes me so mad!
When I go to view a video error message pops up  and it shuts off the app .
I love using this app....
Great I love it
My favorite app
My Family is y i get on here
I need to update it and it won't let me keeps telling me insufficient storage therefore I won't update fb
Getting better
Love  thiz
Poor poor poor !!!
;)
It's faster and save my data plan
Hi
The best
Good
Stop messing with Newsfeed
Bad updated
Soo gud
Good
Wow...
verry good  thank!
I cant post or make any comment, every time crash! (Sp-905)
This app sucks! It's updated at least once a week & with every update, my phone gets slower. There was nothing wrong with it in the beginning, before all the updates. I'll just use my internet. Screw this app!
As good as can be expected considering traffic and hardware cross platform uniformity.
Great social website
1. Can't suggest friends like in PC. 2. The update of Caption for photos has problem, always don't get updated and I need to do 2 or 3 times. 3. When a person has too many posts, Timeline can't load all, it'll jump to a further date, i.e. a period is missing, even if it is the same mth, we can't view it.
I like the new updates, every thing seems to work great with current updates
When can we comment with pictures from the mobile app
No words
Thia app vwry good.
Awesome!
Just minimize the lagging
Facebook
loses its place in news feed now when u go to back and forth from news feed and a private msg. Also has constant Install Messenger in private msg section at bottom and it causes u hit it by accident. I have a Galaxy S3. Unistalling for now.

I do not love I can get in it
Nice app but still needs improvement
Too many permissions needed! Seriously guy's?!! Your app always loses important stuff too. Copy/paste/edit is so glitchy it's impossible to use. WHY DOES THE BACK BUTTON EXIT THE APP,EVER? & I hate that everytime I do exit, it reloads upon re-entery. Even if only left for a few secs. & we NEED auto recent feeds. +Videos almost never work and I have to use my pc to use the customization features of fb(ex. show friends - except...) omg, the app limitations are so extensive. Seriously until fixed, minus 1000!
Fb app
Sloww
Thanks
Facebook is awesome!!!!
Totes amazed!
It is an Addiction
Very good
Cheers
Awesome
Fairly intuitive, yet could use improvements in both the search functionality in the friends list and the ability to set the standard feed to "most recent" as default if desired. Droid RAZR Maxx
The best
Same same
Its great!
Awesome
This update sucks
Malaysia
Woooow
Good
Fab
App is pretty good now. The updates have made it much better
Love it
Okay
Galaxy s4
I changed my negative comment from 2011... fb app has truly improved so much!
Gud job everything fine . But only problem iz in blocking likes and coments etc . When likes are blocking this app never warn us . So update it we want to warn us is . Now i give 3 stars . After updating give u 5 stars .
Femsle
Love it
I love this app!!
Great
Kool bruhh c:
It's freezing on me practically every time I go on it. It can be okay for a while, but once one freeze happens, I can't do much else to stop the resulting flow of freezes. Although, the app I suppose is okay, but it can definitely make some major improvements for me to give it 5 stars. So far, 3 ¡ï
I like Facebook but it would be better if by the photos and stuff if their would be a category or something of the all the stuff we've shared..
Sahin Dhaka
Atotn
Why so many useless updates? And if I wanted to read old posts, id go to individual pages not my newsfeed
Great for all things more then family
I can't share anything. I can update post but i f I click the share button on pictures or videos it takes me to a blank screen to update a status. I have an LG G2 with T-Mobile. Updated and still can't share.
I love the Facebook app. I can keep in touch with Manny friends on the go and receive updates to what my friends and family are Up to.... Just don't like the updating everyday but a Awesome App
Love facebook it is very useful in commmunicating with people
Scrolling down then back to the top. Please do not auto refresh the newsfeed
Helps me stay connected
It's very nice..
Creo a igual que todos que estaria mejor si se pudiera almacenar en la memoria SD en lugar de ocupar la del telefono.
Nice updated  up I wish this app could used less memory...  SwiftKey  doesn't  work well with app...  The must be a way for this app not eat up so many memory...  Sometime  as u start typing to comment  r write your  status  they keyboard  disappear...  Take long to come back... Need memory  adjustment...  Brand Android  huawei y300-0151
Awesome
Good but very slow
Still s Lil slow
The access to private information is ridiculous. Alter, make, change, record all my calls and texts? Full access to all my contacts, email, and passwords? Access all my pictures, video and audio recorder? And all without my permission? Are you the new NSA?
Hogs up too much space and when I log on a screen pops up and tells me I need to uninstall apps before I can get on...... I DONT APPRECIATE THAT!!!!!  please fix that,and NONE of my notifications come in!!!
Works great.  I'm now more addicted than ever
Good
Very good
Nice

A lot better
¿´Í¨Öª  ÓB Ò»Ö±Ìøµô ¶øÇÒß@²»ÊÇÎÒ»°¸  Âé©¿ì½âQ
Maria gutierrez
It Was GReat.!
super
Pretty good.
Love it
Not as good but workable
Uttam
This app is nice

Its awesome.
Just plain awesome
Good
Awsome
App
Mantef. Gue seneng banget make aplikasi fb ini !!!
Love this app.
It force closes multiple times a day. Very annoying.
Great app
Perfectly portable :-)
My favorite way of sharing pics and keeping intouch! Everyone has busy schedules,fb has made visiting a lot more convenient!
I thing that it sould only be the most recent like who cares who comments on what every 5 seconds....if i wanted to see it on my news feed i would folow the post instead it clogs my news feed with ppl who comment on stuff it bunps it to the top wtf
Fix it so updates are from the most recent
easy to use.  time will tell how I like the new update.
It's ok
Pretty good
Keeps crashing and makes the device slow and the new update just made it worse
So good
Hate the new update. The news feed is always screwed with posts from past days, its never up to date.
Go
Mahesh patel
Good
Better if it wasn't always "not responding"
Was working fine before but after the updates it has become worse. Bloody forcefully updates by the app.
Gak bisa di  buka di ASUS
Facebook Kool to have
I love it its a cool thing because u can down load it without going to the internet!!!!!!!
Great
What made you think that this update was an improvement on the last user interface! Time for your designers to go back to the drawing board. Even the latest update does not show the latest news feed properly
Perfecto
Facebook has become addictive to everyone that uses it.
My favorite app :)
I uninstalled this twice today . I'll keep watching the reviews to see when android is fixed. I finally got my news feed with pics in the 7/3 update, but whatever you did today, 7/8, all the pics and videos are gone again.
Im sure it will suck the last couple of up dates did
Great app
Genius
Good time pass
Like button on Droid DNA not processing.. next update?
Fast and easy
Can't get it to show me most recent posts.  So uninstalling.                     Ok found it.  But hate that I have to go change it every time.  Please let me make it my default.
c",)(,")
At least you have sLow Internet Conexion..
jiyo or jeene do
It SUCKS!!!
Statuses and pic I can't like them please did that its annoying please PLEASE
Mysht
Amazing
Facebook stAtus recently  is always old post. And or the same posts
Easy access to facebook.
froom.muslim.jimmaa.dedoo
Great updates
Fun
Sometimes it loads
Why does it scroll all the way back to the top after I share something I read, that's stupid because now after every post I have to spend 5 minutes trying to scroll all the way back down to where I was at so I can continue to read the post I haven't seen instead of being stuck at the top reading the posts I already read!
Make it look like the iphone version its cooler fr
Bad..laggy
Good no more
Love
Horrible
I met my fiance on fb......best social network ever
ok lh
Awesome
You are connecting people keep it up
If you could just fix it so that we don't have to click "most recent" every time we log on, it would be better and worth 5 stars. For now, you only get 2!
Boi
Awesome
As expected ...easy to use ...friendly ui...hard to put in words. ......just  fabulous
People put to much information on it. It is good to see what my friends are up too. Just don't put what you are doing or where you are going. To much info.
Probably the best when updated... It rocks yaar... must give it a try guys...
Won't let me update
I love you
Facebook.. it is what it is
Facebook is gay but entertaining
It's great, it's getting even better
Why notify me a stranger replied to my comment,  but when I go to the post I have to SCROLL 5THOUSAND COMMENTS to find my OWN COMMENT, let alone the REPLY.  IF, I find it, and attempt to reply to this stranger and @them, How do I know they got it? Just DUMB AND FRUSTRATING!!! Every time you add & update a new feature, the old shyt gets worse.  DUMB!!
Super cool
Awosome
Ccol
6173804
I love Facebook
This app is impossible to terminate!! Even if you alter all autostart commands it's still running 24-7 and keeping busy a good deal of you ram. Beware!!
I love all the pics and being able to connect with friends I haven't seen in a long time! :)
Good communication with people
Very nice app.I am fan.connect whole worldwide and join heart s of people.
Cant *like* anything.. wtf
Space killing app..
it keeps improving every update good job! ;)
Facebook
But cannot update status from Droid RAZR. Please fix this! & can't fully uninstall.
Good
Latest
:-D
Nice
Nice
Hmmmmm...
Can't find recent updates anywhere. All feed is from yesterday or 9+ hours ago.
Ok
its nice and also get incontact with friends
good
Boros batre dan kadang lemot
:-)
galxay s2 skyrocket
Hai nice
Not a good update
Is awsome I love it
Love it its a good way to connect with your friends
Face book  ia super fast
When I opened a one chat,the chat is freeze.
why cant i update my FB app on my phone ?and when trying i'm to update it. it just keep on telling me to sign in to my gmail account while in fact i did even loged out ..pls fix :(
on my older Kyocera phone, like it on my iPad 1
Very good
rahim
insufficient storage
Mazhar42549
Its ok. I'm not in love with the arrangement. I especially don't like the irrelevant notifications. And when I set certain defaults such as Recent in my news feed it works fine while I'm in the app but eventually it changes back to Top Stories..then I change it back.
this is super
Not bad
Fb
It's OK...jk I love it.
Eh
The app runing slower than last one
Wonderful app.
Memory
a good app for connect with  friend and family and for see the news of pepol
Awesome to stay connected to friends and family out of state.
Great
Great app
Can't create pages on some of my favorite gaming pages for people to respond. Sometimes I have a question that needs answering.
Good improvement
Shannon
Neutral
its naice to time pass &join new friends its amazing
i love this my girl friend is from Bangladesh many time she do when i am note then this app help me to notify me i love that tags open nd i am using this apps on my karbonn a52 and it's really so fast :*
Goodd
Its awesum
I downloaded it & it doesn't even open.
Awesome for social application for friend
Great app
Suka deh
Excellent all around app, working great.
This app takes too long to refresh and takes forever to load any feed.
Superb no chance & never
Would be nice to change my profile picture...
Excellent
Me
Why I can't use new ver.
I have problem my login. Can you help me fixed it. Please thank you.
Is ok
When I go too my time line it shows that I have 4 pending posts and it won't let me see them at all so can this app be fix plz
I loved it
I like it
Constantly force closing every time i try to update my status on my droid x....please fix
Great ideas every time...
Won't even tell me when I get notifications. It seems as if Facebook can't get it straight. Smh.
It's great and fast. Never have a problem with it.
Its forfamily
Social media
First three updataion was already in place...
A new update and still no notifications for comments and likes but notifications when I get tagged.shit doesnt make sense !!!!!!! In your ass facebook !!!!!!
Friendly interface, smart arrangement 'n' all :)
Can't keep old profile pictures again. Can't upload profile pic without crop. Message notifications not working sometime.
YOU  TO THE CONSTITUTION...!  YOU SPINELESS FOOLS...!
Fun place
Faster and more convenient.
Asam appp friends .......
I complained in may and had error was corrected nowwww...update 7/8/2014 seriously all your updates suck so frustrated tired of reading old news brand new s4 and Facebook always reading error loading.. marketing YOU MUST DO BETTER ...GOING TO UN INSTALL THIS CRAPPP
How do i uninstall? Takes up too much memory. Not worth the space with all the problems! Samsung Intercept
The very useful
nice one?
What the heck were you thinking other than "ways to anger your customers" when you made the app automatically start at "Top Stories" instead of user's preference which may be "most recent".
HTC phone sucked. This one is ok
Faster than ever
Wanderfull apps  for
Verygood
I loved it
Update
Luv
Interaction with friends and relatives across the globe.
The app download is so big. Its constantly freezing up my phone or force closing and can't get into anyone's pages let alone my own page.
Good
Lovee it !
Gud
I can't view my most recent post, videos, and some pictures! Please change or fix this! -_______-
Wow
Great app
mamtap looo
me download
I think that this ap is very good because I can kepp in touch with family and friends
They focus on adding useless features to this apparently rather than fixing the bugs that make this app terrible.
Love face. I t@lk to ppl i have not seen in over 20 years.
Love it! :D
Facebook works better on my cell with this app than my desk top computer.
I don't like the updated one. I want the original one back
Convenient.
Till now it's slow only now I'm updating let's check how it could be
Nice ;) bs zh2
Love the all the time connection to friends worldwide
Developer - I'm unable to download and open this currently. Could you take a look at what is going on with the app please?The app keeps closing on me!!! It's very irritating specially when you're chatting or writing a message. Please fix!
Rosie
Good
the best u can Pati Games and talk to people
The new update has made it a lot better than before I actually get notifications now but please fix the size of the crop box for new pictures its too small.
face book keep me updated on my family
Its just owsum and tooooo fast
Dislike
Bhinmal
Laggs
Excellent
I love it
Love chatting with friends I don't see that often!
Thos is gteat but not likely I hope I make sense
I hate this update I want my old fb back. It will not go to most recent I have switched it and its still all out of order.
Thia ap a new lok ..
I love face book that's the only way I can talk to my family and its a feast social media website
I already installed facebook and what happen...its already uninstalled automatically.. And when i installed again it commands error please fix..its so disgusting..
Same guy with baptism name Philip and family name Otto..
Otai melaka...Smst 69
1 star until the app stops changing my stream to Top Stories. I chose Most Recent, let me keep the setting!
Ya
The best
8888
Amazing app!!
I LOVE KEEPING UP WITH FAMILY & FRIENDS & FINDING MORE FAMILY & FRIENDS.
Great. App really. Works
Amizing
Sooo slow...fix it please.
i haven't use a fake or nick name.. i am on fb with my original name then why should i varify my account again and again.. in just one day fb requires me to varify my account 6 times... why... its so irritating... it sucks...
The requested permissions are invasive!
I'm dissappointed with the new update. I know nothing that needed to be fixed and in the process you took away a funtion I used all the time because it wasn't available on Facebook on my computer any more.   Bring back the "circled i" function in messaging which said when the individual wasn't last active!!!! I now can't get this info anywhere on any version of Facebook, very sad  :(
But still isn't great.   Note 3
Making new friends with families I never met.nd getting a hold of family nd friends.nd alot more..
Great everything is just better
good
Great as always
Works Really Great
Slow and won't load pics.
best
Has enhanced life experiences beyond any expectations
Best app for communicating. ;)
Very informative keeping intouch with freinds.
Cant share pics in groups. doesnt allow the camera to open.... fix this fast or go back to the old version
Love it
Hi love
we update and fb starts to stall cant open messages and our news feeds havent changed in 24 full hrs..horseshit update.
I like the facebook
People Cant Live without it.
Quit changing everything!!!!
Has gotten better this year!
Its retarded all it do is turn black all day I hate it
Omg love the app its fast
Loved it
Good
this app is really great!
Get to talk to all your friends when u want
I Love Facebook
Too many ads, awkward content
Love keeping up with friends & family everywhere!
It really helps me
News feed are not opening
I appreciate fb but overall, it's quite time consuming
Now im crazy
Please add the option to sync contacts birthdays.
This app is OK but the older versions were better when u could navigate easily, all the new updates n changes make me close too erasing all together.
Love Facebook
After i updated to this newset version, my pictures aren't uploading.  Please fix!
Another corporation that thinks they can do whatever..
Nice
Its a awful experience where i have to unstall the app and then download it again to watch a video. :-( Please fix
FOREVER
Great app to date, Thanx.
Wonderful
Facebook
Very good
Hi.  I can't install Facebook home because I can't update the facebook and my Facebook is up to date
Love it!!! one of the best app without problems like the others.
I'm not getting all the notifications like before, too many ads in the feeds, I no longer have the option for more options on a particular friend to show them on feeds or not, and the restrict options to not allow to see my wall updates is gone. Please fix notifications and return more options.
Ilove you fb
It's not letting me reset my password
Kaint aa punjabio
Good
I do NOT care for top stories!!!!!!
Ibru
-
I like veryuch bcoz fast analysis
(Y)
Okay
Wtf the new update is crap!!!! I had to delete it and it went back to normal... Please fix the update
Never had a problem since day one.
Much hate
The fact that every update takes several others to fix it is annoying. When the app updates several times in one day, it's a problem, but at least they try to fix problems immediately. When it works, it's great.
Like the app on the Galaxy 5
Just good
Update ruined app
Now its better...
If there was a least star I will give it
Faighterarif
Beze
Much better
Very fast
The video doesn't rotate
Nice
Best
Nice
I like it's so much....
It's straight ig
I think its cool ..its better and neat :)
Please add a feature of allowing mobile app to comment using pictures..
Okay please don't say again need to update
The facebook has totally changed to something else on the samsung galaxy s2 after the update, it turned to be too slow some times refuse to open. And i cant even write a comment.
Everydayting
Mehh
I love the new version of Facebook
Its slow at times. It wont let me like or share photos sometimes otherwise its ok
unforgiven
Works like an app is suppose to!
Westbrom
It is a great app it would be a 5 * star app if it was faster
It si asomn
Alright
k
Bohat acha he exellent
Everthing
Handsome.
Er...no
Why we can't copy & paste on Facebook ?
Works when it decides to. Doesn't matter how fast your internet is,  It'll force close & refuse to work at times. Can't upload pics now. Dafak.
thanks
The old version was way more better then until now 
Jaan
Luv dis app
Lol
Love it
Ok lorr
why so many permissions??
I'm so happy to find my friend  s and know about them is just awesome thank you Facebook
Gooooood social media
Excellent...
Works pretty well, but still not as good as the ios version
Easy access to every options at facebook. Navigation is just one swipe away :)
Love it.
Lack of functions than desktop
I cannot download pictures from the messenger. Please fix it
Kool
Keeping The world Closer..!
I love it so much!!!!
Works fine
It's ok but forecloses on its own to often
Liked it
Too slow on my xperia active
Good
ok i guess
Fun Fabulous Fantastic Freshening simply #Facebook
I love Facebook holla
with the newer version, it works good now.thank-you for improving it
What's the deal with the new update? It won't play videos now. Ugh.  Please fix!
Brilliant app
Works fairly well...
Oldest version was better.
Love it
Fast and great app!
gud
Love my fb
Facebook
I Update, And It Hasnt Even Changed! Stupid...
I'm love it
new version good And fast
I like all the updates Facebook does. But they kind need to brb faster and do and more advertisement so people know faster. :)
it,s working yaar!100%
STUPID UPDATE!!!!!!
If you guys know how much we spend on mobile data you won't be bugging us with too much unnecessary updates every now & then. FB is going down fast
Everything works great except when i try to get on my notifications sometimes it goes completely black or blue and i can't see my notifications all day please fix and I'll go back to five stars:)
Update: Newer versions suck less.
Loving It
I love it
I love the way it is because I get to talk to my family
Best ever
very good
I tihkng so :-) thx
Meh
Very good
Joay
Nice
Luv it
Love
Sucks......have a galaxy s2  and it won't load my facebook without a wi-fi connection.  Before I could load in 3g or 4g.....now it just  sucks....I uninstalled it, done with facebook on my smartphone!!!!!!!
Very nice app for facebook
Love it
Even worse than the previous one. Says 'service temporarily unavailable' when I like something. It automatically posted my comment ten times on a status. Had to delete them manually afterwards. Fix this and maybe then I will think about increasing the rating. This app is only getting worse day by day!!!
The app wont open
Very good service
Mp
Good
Nice
I can't sent any friend request to any one with no mutual friends between us
It keeps me up todate on the things that are happening around me
Love
Hi
Nexus 5: Does not show new posts ... Total crap software
I m. Love to.like fb
Good 5 star dl it worth it
Great
Fb rockss!!
I love it you can keep in touch with people you havent seen in yrs
Its a life line of daily routine
Sometimes I like some post and photo but later it shows unlike what's up with it ???
Harsora
This is blah
Its good I just don't like how it syncs  pictures with my gallery I dont want to see my Facebook pics in my gallery.  I had to clear data a few times and add and remove my Facebook account a couple of times but I think I got it.
like
Just got reunited with an old friend of mine from childhood.  I LOVE FACEBOOK#1IN MY BOOK
Chyna Levette
Join my new group ardmore Oklahoma poke war room bring it on
Awesome
Its my favorite app
OK now
It works really well!!!!!!
can you settle the auto bot comment ? So many people use this suck comment
God
It's gets to addicting
Seams to be working. Samsung Galaxy S5.
Always work very fast......
It's a great way to keep in contact with people and find new friends.
Getting tired of every new rev just slowing down my RAZR Max. Gets any worse and I'm dumping it off my phone. Too bad.
satisfactory
Awsome
Its ok
Thanks MARK ZUCKERBERG....:))
The app keeps on shutting down .
I've written the developers on this already. I HATE this version!  The lack of ability to select most recent as my default is one complaint. The steady crashing is the other. It crashes every time I open it. Not just once in a while, not just once a day, but EVERY TIME I OPEN IT! And for those of you that feel it necessary to tell us how to get to the most recent feed... I'm well aware of HOW to do it! I just don't think I should HAVE to do it if I don't want to. I should be able to set it the way I want it
After the last update pictures on my wall don't show even when I have full 4G or WiFi signal. Very frustrating ! Why can't they get a phone app right and leave out update that don't work? !
Facebook
I like ebook but to change password is nearly impossible
Can tutohh
I loved it
I love this appeared because then I don't have to go on my computer to check my Facebook!
Very good apps ..
I will see a post from 2mins ago then go down two statutes and see one from a day ago
Updated
Very nice update
The app is OK. I  do not like that you have to go to your feeds to switch to most recent.
Great way to socialize with old friends and start new friendships as well
Any this is just fb, its ok anyway
Best App ever #AWESOME
Sheri
This is a very good app.. It helps me communicate with my friends which are halfway around the world.keep up the good work :)
Good
I LOVE THIS FACEBOOK APP IT IS GREAT TO USE.
Awesome app
very good
ITS A BOOK FOR YOUR FACE
Amazing
Love it when there's updates...added security is always nice! Gotta love technology these days!
Simple
Its kinda good buh it needs to be faster
Too much update and nothing improvement!!!
It would be awesome if you could somehow look up comments that your friends made on a post. You can always see that someone has made a comment but when there's 309009 comments you can't see the one person you want to see comments
Hebatttttt
Its suck
Kalyan Samadder
Uses too much data. Force closes. Crashes. Slow as grandma
Awesome social network
but please add the copy and paste option to copy the text.
Liked it. Could be faster though
Great.
Its vry slw smtyms dsnt evn work
Happy
Have to. Post status messages and wall messages couple different times before it works and my pictures never upload.  You need to fix those issues I'm really hating this app. I use my browser because this app sucks
Awsome apps for fb user..
Awsomesauce
Is there a way to keep the original quality?
Not so good Facebook for android .... work like crap on my new spectrum
I used to complaint about how heavy this app was. But I guess it depends on the phone you're using. Since I changed to a better phone, everything goes smoothly and this app has superb interface.
.money
Every time it needs updated version
Yet consume phone battery so much.
Cool
Average
when i go to click on a random thing. it will boot me off.
Its wayy better!
3/5
Very nice
Deserves 5+ Stars
Much better than old version.
Great apps for sharing
Allah tu hi tu
Outstandi
Improved a lot.
Bro.of. The Cloth
my facebook is in spanish i dont know how to get it back to english!
Good
Great, even if the notifications are annoying.
Works perfectly fine.
If fix slow loading 5 stars
plz I want to play videos with other video players
Very very easy use..i like this app
Smooth and run efficiently. Keep on the good work.
Love it
Love it
Uses way too many permissions.
Emy
Not great
Its cool. Worth to upgrade
Bole  to ik nambar
You doing GREAT Zuck....!!
I am self employed and always on the go. Yes, FB does help me make more money.
Good Progress
Awsome
Bitchs trying to stop
I absolutely love this app!
Newest update sucks. Can't pick an individual to share a post with. Have to tag. Sometimes I like to share with only one person. Smh
Nice
Good
So good
:))
Slow working thing
Me encanta
Very great app. Organized and easy to navigate like the website
What Is with all thes updates...its getting irratating...it seems like using facebook has gotten easier.. I just updated AGAIN today and the new featurs seem alright but wen i go to watch a video only half of the video shows...i have to pause it then press play so all of the video can show...please fix
An amazing app use it 24/7
It's coming out automatically,  it's signing out automatically. What should I do????
Good
Shot gheee
100 %
Ok
Awesome
Keep going be alert always!!!
Even
As title says, very slow app.
It would be nice if it didn't hang on every third or fourth transaction.
Susah dowload
ever since this dumb app has been updating once a week for the past 3 weeks, I can't update anything! photos, status', nothing! FIX IT! galaxy s4
Still cant sort to newest first by default, cant simply add a picure on something on someone's wall without goint on its wall since the last update.. Its total bullshit at every update...
Too slow and uses way to much resources for what it does.
MORRINE McDaniel
Facebook is the only social media app which I hate to the hardcore.
Works well on s4
Ok until somebody HACKS YOUR S--T..
So gorgeous app . But i use i ball tab does not very fast.
Cool Facebook that awesome!!!
I love it
Can you just do away with top stories all together, this is beyond aggravating now.
What else you want?
Good
OK
Facebook is my lyfe
Good app
On the next update, I want the Reply button on every comment just like the apple version.
Galaxy G4S
Good
Latest update has left me unable to play videos and the app then becomes unresponsive. Sort it out Facebook!
The app is very good but  there should be Things that are missing for example reply to the comments.  I hope you will fix it soon... Your corporation will be highly appreciated....
Why can't I download this app to my phone?
Some of my feed isnt coming up and I have good wifi... there's also errors saving some photos
Terrible, so slow and constantly force closes. Facebook for android looks better but performs worse than ever
Great, just watch what you say!          :-)
Just an update: this all still sucks and doesn't work. NOW it won't even install.  Everything i said before is still true and more. Awful awful awful.  I have to say, this new Facebook app is horrendous. As if Facebook want already a time suck, it now takes ten times longer to load news feeds and pictures -- even over Wi-Fi, 4G, or 3G. I've sent in innumerable reports, but there are no updates or any changes, it still takes forever to update anything.
Best possible freelance
Love this
Cant upload pics. First it was newfeed doesnt load now it freezes and doesnt upload pics
Good app.
I like to use fb apps but New version of fb is not so good.bcoz its not show thek request which user send...
Ccz s .carry. b next rd. bbq hub xzzer. Bc bb there hub zfq xrightChristmas hbDzef
Tracking tracking
It would be better if u add 1 'photos' folder on Pages to view all the photo albums instead of creating 'photos by page'.
Plz make it fast
vgood
Impossible to post pictures when commenting
Sunil
Thanks
Much better after update
Please fix it.
I can keep track of everything. These. Fools post.
I don't get why Facebook needs access to everyone's text messages. I can almost understand access to our phone's contact list for synching but text messages?!
blebe
Absolutely annoying, annoying rubbish. Will you please alter the search so you don't have to be subjected to endless lists of people on Facebook who you don't know with no option to remove them from search. If I want to search for someone I will do it. I DONT WANT COUNTLESS PEOPLE PUSHED IN MY FACE. Unless this changes I am deleting Facebook end of, it's gone from something good at the beginning to something beyond rubbish now and it's far to intrusive in people's lives.
Love it!
I love this new updates. Thanks.
Easy for pic uploding..
New update I think. I like it. Can we leave it alone now
Mola
My name zeeshan
Ok
I can not chat with friends, please fix it
Good
LG Optimus Pro G
Need to add more features
It work very fast.
Man
Nice improvement
Used to have to keep re-installing my mobile app but not anymore. Still waiting to be able to change my mobile newsfeed to most recent & not what they think I should see.
Love this app
Nice
Don't install it's terrible
It is a cool app ...
New update sucks. I can't like or comment on anything.  Please fix. Samsung Note 3
To enjoy this app to the fullest, you need about 30 friends. Fair warning.... Its Facebook! Do I really need to review it?
Good application For on the go.
Every time u up date fact book I play hell trying to sign back in.. it likes to freeze up and i have to restart the phone...or I  don't up date it...I have never seen a program or an app that needs this much updating.... if it ain't broke...don't fix it... leave Facebook alone....

I have the Samsung Galaxy S3 mini and I'm very surprised at the quality of the app..I'm happy that it actually works and that the updates actually give FB a more modern look nd feel to it. I'm enjoying using the app...Thank god it doesn't crash anymore..
Good
Sweet Jesus, you guys at FB actually hate your users, don't you? Stop pushing top news. If I wanted to read about relevant stuff from a day ago, I'd... Well hell, I've already read about it. Yesterday. You've actively hidden "most recent" feeds. This is total nonsense. Facebook is increasingly intolerable with every update.  Stop it. Latest update is laggy as heck! Hooray for Facebook getting crappier with every update!
Lame app
This app sing up every 3 second on my galaxy
Awesome but  sometimes it crashes.
This app is awesome
I just find the app size could be smaller
The download
Forgot what the world's like since the creation of social network... good thing or bad?  Lol...
But no text copy &Paste
Semoga kedepan feature dan interface nya lebih di kembangin lagi..
The website works better than this app.
Um I can't see my posts...fix this!!!
Has gotten better recently.
Laggs way too much
Cannot post or share newsfeed photos anymore...says there was a problem...had no issues until the last update..7/7/14...HTC evo
Cool
Good
I want Most Recent to be the default view for my timeline.  I also want to see ALL of my friends' posts (in chronological order), not just the ones you think I want to see.

Before this update Facebook worked great, now not letting me 'like' comments. Also every time I comment on something it says that it didn't work, then puts my comment up a few minutes later. Please fix!!!!!!!
Everything you update, there's a new issue and the one thing that you actually got right is now fucked up. Just stop already. Fix what's wrong and leave the rest alone. I get like 4 statuses in and it flips to the top of the page. I DO NOT care about "popular" statuses. I care about all statuses when someone posts them. I DO NOT care that someone commented on a post from 2012. Stop putting that stuff as recent!
It's better now
Good
hana sebleh
Doesn't refresh to newer post!
Very very helpful instant messaging receiving and sending on the on the go
I loooovvveee facebook
Love it
Very convenient, beats having to hop on the Internet just to use Facebook!
It is a great way to talk to your friends
Great
App is back to normal after it going back to the old version. Sorry it took so long for me to get back in here. I still love it thanks guys!!
I love my facebook
Buat info manfaat bgt
D best way 2 meet people all over d world
Has an.Pakistan.7
Very nice
They will take down your posts if someone else feels violated. You have no freedoms on here. They took down a post that said "heritage not hate" and a very religious symbol. Talk about prejudice!
I used to love this app but after all the updates dont really care for It but I still use it cuz it better then going online go back to the old facebook app
Its okay I guess.
I'd give this app negative stars if I could. Worst app ever.
Odlican napredak.....mada jos da bude neki za page stranice da se otvaraju kao na racunaru...onda ce biti 5 +
Why cant i see how many friends i have on facebook.
Getting a lot of problems.
Moglaha  (up)
Great Way keep in contact & much more
Getting there.
Hella cool
Nice
Facebook takes up to much space
It's okay
Facebook
I haven't had any problems with fb. I love it
TWO THUMB S UP .ITS A PATH LINK TO CREATIVITY MUCH SUPPORT MR FINELY
Stop trying to make Top Stories happen...its not going to happen...GODDAMMIT...!!!
No pics in comments? Lame..
I love this update
Seriously, you need to change the default feed to most recent. Top stories does absolutely nothing for me. At least we had the option to switch the default feed previously. I like the fresh UI but you're taking a step backward here.   Update: I've decided to uninstall this app. Browser version works just fine and I've noticed a sizeable bump to battery life as a result.
Update screwd it up
Pretty good
Most recent stories are gone from main view.. you have to access them through a weird panel on the right!
Keeps me in touch with news of loved ones...
when I click on a notification, it brings me to the status/comments but there's nothing there; I have to go to the original post to see it.
Always issues connecting. All updates make it worst!
Please make it so you can record audio in messages on all androids once thats fixed i will give 5 stars
Love it!!
Pretty.  G
I like it
I can be in touch with family & friends
Seemed more of a downgrade.
Facebook ruels
Brst
Just updated. Wtf Facebook? This looks terrible. Interface looks like it was designed in the 80s. Can't edit news feed to be most recent. Don't update to this version.
After update, received notice that ".com.facebook.katana" closed. Tried to click "ok" but error kept recurring.  Unable to use phone. Tried rebooting.  Tried opening Facebook app and phone crashed. Un installed app.
This sucks I hate it! So slow and crappy
LIKE IT! LIKE IT ALOT! KEEP'S ME WELL INFORMED ON FAMILY, FRIEND'S!
Great stuff love the new look!
I can't  live without this
it wastes soooo much memory like seriously 
New updates are great..
Izhar kone da
I like this app
I liked the previous 1 more. This new 1 freezes constantly..
Still needs a share for video
ILoveFacebook
This is getting very annoying...everyday for the last 4 days this has asked for this same update...its now causing my phone to lock up..and I keep getting a  "unfortunately facebook has stopped" then my whole phone freezes! If it doesnt.quit I maybe uninstalling soon...which sucks I just moved clear across America and this is my only way to keep in contact with friends n family!
Ever since update it doesn't load.
Facebook could make facethime for the smart phones and smart devices that have a frount camera
Its easy to understand what I'm doing .
I hate the updates
Its works good for me
bade work this updated
Need improvements
Improved. Keep it up
Always improving
Good applications
Very slow worked
Simple
Good app...
I use Facebook all the time ... before I got messenger it was fine but after i got it it started slowing down alot and telling me people are on when there not and not telling me who is on .... also  the chat menu sometimes just tells me that everyone's on their mobile devices when some are pn and some aren't
Inconsistent message notifications, having to click twice to clear regular notifications, super slow. Not digging this app.
Yes
Only mobile version that works! Wish it didn't take up so much space through...
Worst Facebook app really want to get rid off it anymore
The updated did good, you did good.
Fab app works perfect n my grand 2
Divyesh
I love it
Very good
Private Life Cover
Love it
Works as expected on my note 3. If only the feed was most recent instead of top stories would would be excellent.
I just wish everything would stay on the most recent page when I refresh but great app!
video always force closes.
- 5 because it won't let me download
It either doesn't respond or just turns itself off. Sort it out!
Cant even tell its a new design. ..everything looks exactly the same wtf??
Go back to the old one!! Now it makes me download the stupid messenger in order for me to read my inbox messages and on top of that I now can't look at "my other" folder and when I finally get to I have people mad at me for not responding. This is such bs
CRAP
Sangat bikin lemot d andro
Facebook
What the hell did you guys do now fb doesn't even load at all. About to uninstall since this app is now pointless
FiFa_2014
Works fine. Better than before.
Love fb and always will...
Mila
Great
Best app ever invented hands down!
Good
I love it
Ach
Once again Facebook shows the world what "fail" means.  The update just pushed to my phone and now it's one "Error Loading News Feed" after another.  Good job Facebook Devs.  Give yourself another pat on the forehead.
It keeps on crashing every 10 minutes. You guys really need to fix this and stop making it worse!!!!!!! It's really slow and it sticks!! Please fix these problems.
plz fix,it always hang...i cant use it properly...from the last update it getting worst,pls fix...tnx
Only big problem I have now is my "most recent" feed shows posts from 2 mins ago, 15 mins ago, then 4 HOURS ago! You should be able to make the "most recent" your default feed. Also, the autoplay with videos sucks. It freezes my screen then I'm stuck in between two videos. It doesn't even play the sound or full video anyways so why have it?
Kab aaega very fast app
Facebook should just go back to how it was. None of this iOS looking stuff
Cool !!
luck
I can not copy text
Want it.
This was good up until some creeper kept messaging me and I couldn't block him; so I uninstalled. Better to be safe than sorry.
nearly as capable as Windows version just have to find the available features. No off-line posts. Keeps track of which notifications have been opened but not of unread posts from group members nor which items in news feed.    HTC One 4g (4.4.2, 5.5):  v12.0.0.14.15: turn post notifications on & off;   v11.0.0.11.23:  like & tag offline;   v10.0.0.28.27
nice
sangat baik
What more ya need ya know?Maybe a girlfriend for your relationship status but who knows? You probably do but who's judging
The Facebook App is One Of The Best Apps I Have Yet
Abdur Rahim
My parents won't let me get it '-',but idc !!:D
You will see
Love facebook
Why so many update 
Not bad.
Its about time ,but still needs alot of bug fixing. Notifications Suck!
Hana montana
Why is it impossible to save pictures from the messages in the inbox?? There is no option to save/download pictures.
cool
Doesn't update feed
Most Recent needs to be default. Wish I could revert the most recent update.
Still no general location attached to post without checking in
COOL
Fun

Im gettibg tired of the video error fix please till then my rating is staying 1 star
I have down graded the stars due to the fact that things are still being"improved upon" but by doing so, you are unlocking/unblocking people I don't want on my page!  There are also junk mail messages coming through to my private email!  Stop changing the settings! I have to reset it again because you change something else.
Pls help me hw can I download the same.excluding this all apps are easly download.please help me out for the same
New account
Anjarakkandy kannoor
Top stories is useless, please make most recent the default :(
Hate that you have to txt or email it to yourself.... please fix Why can't android users add pictures with their phone within a thread? All these issues have been corrected!! Thx
Force close...
Well done, get notified when someone comments or likes your post? It still doesnt work! Shocking app facebook! ios one works ok. Get a grip!!
I like dis app
I've turned notifications on in every location possible...phone settings, Facebook app settings, etc. and I never get push notifications on my phone. Most annoying thing ever please fix ASAP
Nice apps but do a lots of misuse it as well as benefit also
They're slowly fixing my niggles about frequently used features being tucked away. Very usable. Good Android tool for FB junkies. Uses more data than it needs to.
The best app
unbelievable
Good
Facebook: Getting better and better every day :)
Lame or nah
Good updates and features. Keep it up.
Social networking
Please make it can be move to sd card or external memory
Facebook
App will load screen, becomes completely unresponsive to both touch and the physical buttons. Also, going to the more tab and having to select most recent is inconvenient
It takes up to much space still but other then that its ok
Great!
Notification feed stuck on Top Stories with the option to change to Most Recent buried in the more menu. Blank timelines and posts not posting. Sort it out Facebook or I will deactivate my account and move over to Twitter
Perfect ((;
I
Nice ui no bugs yet
Meh.
This is cool app.
I like it alot better than the older version
Cant see most recent posts i can only see past posts
Latest update has removed all pictures of linked contacts on phone. Needs to be sorted.
Great App
Great for spying on your self
Amazing app continuos updates.awesome
Good
Great app.
Pretty good
Bcoz Its FB
Loved it
Yeah!
smoother and faster..good job and congrats to developer
Facebook
Easy and the most convient way of being connected
Apk
Fun
Never freezes
Hy wroks btr on my android phone..still need some improvements in windows phone..
Please fix the bugs...app force close issues!
20051991
Facebook
It crashes and freezes allot
Everything feels very comfortable to use. The UI is neat and simple. Keep up the good work.
Shi
I want old app.
My face book pictures video opening time very long
This is a very good app.for real life
After update .it is too slow nd automatically logout while i'm using fb. Its irritating.Please fix it.
Grate app
Messenger
L
24
Ali
Excellent
Super!
Worst update ever!
I wish that Emojis and Facebook Emoticons will clearly/really appear in Status post.
Just time pas
To reach ur stuff to family n friends
I just want to open up Facebook and see the most recent posts in order of post time. I don't care who liked what, what's trending or that someone commented on someone else's post. Don't care. I want the old Facebook back
Thanks
App is
Nice
Well i guess ill start with saying that unfortunately i stopped working im force closing deal with it!
This app should also contains the option of photo comment....and fb messenger should be useable for a different account like before...now pop up chat head doesn't work if we hv login in messenger with different account... :-/
I loo¨°oooooooove it
Can you invention of the copy and paste feature and download video Do you know Bonken boring
this  is very good
Since the new facebook came out i dont have the option of changing the setting of top stories or recent, please put that option back
Good
I liked. Facebook
FB ROCKS
Adriaan Viljoen
Very nice pic
Thanks
Could be better
I can't see my others messages only inbox.
Galaxy s2
I had problems before, but now this app is worse. Will not load news feed at all. Everything says error. Seriously, what is the deal?  Can't you get it right?  Last two updates has been a waste of time. I have to use instagram just to post pics on my Facebook!  Just sad!
Ios users have more options on posting and comments. Why do you continue to leave android behind???
I Love facebook I'm on facebook  everyday, can keep up with Friends an Family, an see alot of cool pics can see a lot of pics from friends on here at least four to six times a day
Cool
It's gay that u can't. Use muzy without their FB App sum
I like it
I like
Rescent updates
I realy like this aap
Best
Good
Best app ever!!!!! I loved it
Please have recent posts first.....
I can't search for pages that I "Liked" already... wtf to that
Thumbs up!!
New design is much better, never have any bugs anymore, however I still don't like the news feed being about top stories, at least let us choose to permanently make most recent the default
Got large...70mbs ...
I love it
Updates are so massive that I don't have enough memory in my phone. Facebook won't allow me to move it to the SD card.
Good app
Make a final version...
Rajibali725@ gmail
Not really liking the new update..
Give copy & paste option too... otherwise quite satisfactory.
Fab great love it......
It's so easy and like able application so just have it five star
Awsome
I love this application.
Works most of time. Not perfect.
Use always! Wish would load faster.
Love FACEBOOK
It would have been better
Top
Excellent! I love it
Fb apps is that the amazing apps...
Awesome
Able to keep in touch
very slow
Always kicking me out still.. -__- Smh!
Slow ap
Its okay
,12345
I love facebook!!
I don't not wanna post anything and keeps on closing please fix...
Meh
Nice
Samsung S4
Sarah Zainab
Facebook isn't working. 
Not so good as before...
Good
Not showing new story
To slow but ok
Loved it
Error while watching videos, can't tag people not in friend's list. Using on Z Ultra running on Android 4.4.2
verry good face book
Where is the smiles list? 5 bling blings after an answer.
Use an advan vandroid always notified when the update came
Always helpful for friends and family
Even after the last update it force close by it self!!!!!!
Hands Down, I enjoy the Facebook experience on my Galaxy S4 over the normative laptop / desktop experience. Facebook for the Android phone is Awesome.
Good job for fixing it where your location will show you where your at now you're getting the five-star
love 
gud
Hpe it work
Very nice
This app is great, but I can't replay to the comments.
Some of my friends have been unfriended without my knowledge,some of them were blocked without my knowledge. Facebook is a piece of sh*t! Soon facebook will be abandoned like Myspace was. Uses way too much space. Starts at just under 23MB and quickly bloats to over 1 GB
Facebook Downloads
It's Facebook. It deserves five stars.
I've restarted my phone 3 times and still I don't get notifications. And yes, I checked to make sure they were turned on.
It would really be nice to be able to block game request on our mobile facebook app. The newsfeed does not stay on most recent and by default goes back. Too many people complain on FB.
App (y)
Facebook :*
Its amazing I love it so muvh
Every time i want to look at my news feed it only shows me old storys and i cant update my news feed nomater what i do PLEASE FIX
Nice
why does my layout look different than someone else is on the exact same phone???
Way to invasive and getting way to sophisticated but seems to be operating normally...
good run in samsung
App
New updates love it
Lil better than before, but need to add copy and paste feature
The newest update for this app is phenomenal I definitely recommend it definitely get it. The save your or save the pictures to your phone directly option is so awesome.
Love facebook
Everybody always got something to say they just don't know how to work with it works fine with and has for the past couple of years keep it fb
Third party apps and widgets are now opening links again. Thanks
It would be nice if I could move it to my sd card..
Zuckerberg knows his stuff.
Great
always force close...why?can u pls fix it...
Fix the crashing and loading problem found after the latest update even with a good wifi. Sometimes certain updates downgrade the app increasing the storage space and almost same features which we had earlier, then apparently gone in between are brought back by updates with more storage space.
Nice app
Love it
But it's not goes smoothly on my device. So Lagging.
Cannot use the native youtube player.
Love it
Best way for time pass
I love it
Needs work freezes to much and sometimes will not let my check my messages
I've tried restarting phone, uninstalling and reinstalling the app, nothing works. Everytime I try to open Facebook, it closes out automatically while trying to load. Awful "update", Facebook
Keeps retrun to the opening page even when u scroling down
Love it
All we get is spam spam and you guessed it more spam... Bombarded by game invites, unwanted people suggestions, meaningless pages...
I like it
Mike
I love it you can find friends and family ya haven't seen in years  ..... Thank you
Easiest way to connect with people and very addictive@
I don't think its so much the app but fb itself. Its slow, and can be four days behind at a time. What is happening, im constantly reading complaints. Plz sort it.Sebastian for your knowledge i wasn't being lazy i wasn't aware of this, just like your not aware your a very rude man or boy maybe. You need to find out the details before putting your mouth in to gear, who do you think you are.
The old update was way better... Hoping the new update to be good
Not working
Awesome me and friends love it
just now
Social Networking.
Log on page
It's truely awesome aap
When I look for an old post, it is gone. If I uploaded a picture, I have to go to photos to find it. Ease of use is worse to me. Still, better than used to be. At least we can see our timeline cover and get our pokes and pages.
Cool
Just addicted to fb
Gooood
Kerennn
I don't know what was done to fix this, but it works just fine now on my Asus Memo pad ... 5 stars ... I like to give credit where credit is due :-)
Like it
Good
App is a little buggy, but other than some issues with liking something and having it not work properly and randomly being scrolled all the way back to the top of my newsfeed, this app has come a long way
Awesome
not so fast
Its jxt awsome
VERY USEFULL
I.hate the new update... whenever there is a video ,something like "related videos" appear below the video and. Its annoying cuz i cant watch the vid. properly please remove it!!
It helps you to reach your friends like classmates friends whom you are not in touch daily basis and every tbing is awesome here you will have fall in love with these ;)
After update to new version...it keeps on asking update...wtf.....and in addition to that its way to slow...very bad...pls fix it
Stinks....even when I click for recent feeds I get stuff from 2 hours or more. And there's a lot more stuff messing up like blank pages where I can't see my own page. Or my status' never post. I could go on. Fix it, really thinking about uninstalling fb.
Mega Family
And you think the new update is better, why? It's beyond horrible!
Great app
Sussesfully
Good, but not well optimised. Gets really slow in lower end devices
need some improvement!
It's great to talk to old friends
Everytime I try to use it, phone camera and audio recordings stop working
Best
The ultimate way to make sure Mark has all of your phone history and usage.
It is fantastic
I like to use this because of the texting. And talking iteam
Nothing new....every nxt day D's app need update
Fb looks better on ios... plz make the interface like ios devices... best app by the way
Because it's needs update in every weeks.
Awesome
Could be better, slow and lags. Lots of updates.
Update slowed me down takes a long time to see the pictures
It's getting there. Speed has improved. Still needs an option to stay on most recent newsfeed, and more control on switching off post notifications.
New update might have added stability in other devices. never had any problem with my Moto X or my Nexus 7! Overall good
Yo
Gr8 app
Superb
Grace
Jai
Best
Improvement...but, copying text from the app must be incorporated. So, 4 stars as yet.
Ok for now it is good
Best app ever
I am getting a transparent background while viewing comments. please help to solve this issue
Wish I hadnt installed the update that forces me to install another app - or use fb on pc :-/
Good but some bugs should b fixd..
Awesome app
One of the best apps out there!
Good, but drains battery
Ek dam mast
The automatic video player
Now after the update its too slow and annoying,for information i use samsung galaxy S5 and i do use internet with wifi
Good
Very Good
Get rid of top stories, get rid of Autoplay videos!!!! I still hate this app the most!  in fact it is so annoying I want to cancel Facebook altogether. No wonder you lost 1 million South African accounts. I wish I could give a minus rating. What's displayed on the app vs pc are world's apart!
Great apps....
No Need For You To Read My SMS!
Because I said so
I get to talk to my friend a lot
Good
i like it
Great app
Conective
Try
We should be able to put this app on our SD card.
i gave u 3 * because at this moment am useing GTs 5360 so its so hard to use cause sometime my phone ganna be hand pls fix it for loweyst mamory phone :(
Some cool features but many times it said Facebook not responding and close but at all messenger is good
Galaxy s
Nice
Giving a freeze action with the new update Version 8.0.0.26.24.
i hv samsung s. it doesn't show the pixctures. only grey boxes insted.
Very good
Facevook
Owsm
Doesn't work at all don't waste your time on this app so dumb
App
Gets stuck sometimes.. But other than that, it's an amazing app!
Social media
Tweeday
It's okay
Thanks
Plz fix
Chatting and keeping up with family and friends :-)
Nice appsssss

Love it
Facebook is not just a phase book!
Misi2203
Whats with those server shutdowns
Please listen to us what you think how many times we told so why face book useless we use data package not wifi do something thx
I love u facebook
Great app
One
Theres this hacker who hacks a account then sends a link to another account that hacks that account and the hacker is a robot and the robot only says 4 sentences
I want to be able to view the news feed in chronological order by default.
No big difference for updates and after finish updating at first, its actually not update at all. Fix it! Deal with it
This app is good
super
Bhaloo! ,,,,
Facebook
Excellent
Nice app
Good
Easy access to friends and postings
Nirmal
Love  it
but anytime update mostely 3to 4 per month
Good
Love
I have a Samsung Galaxy s3 and since the update it will not play videos
Allways sayng invalid pac
it easily help me to get attach to my family nationwide :)
App is as bad as the website nowadays - tries to be a bit too clever for its own good!
Latest update rocks
Awesome
Aak thu
I'd like to unfollow a post FROM the post. It gets tiring going down into the vault to turn off a notification.
Facebook is a good commicating site
removed picture comments
Its ok ..I just don't like how the videos are
Full on Time Pass...
Oh boy
Nice app
Lol
Very easy to use
Hi
petronio
Love it
Nice apps wid grt fetrs
Great
I love it very much
This was super until the recent update- I am going to have to uninstall as I keep getting error messages saying facebook isnt responding and this in turn is  making my cellphone  freeze when this occurs.
simply awesome
Facebook I love Facebook its excellent
Make it work on wifi and let us set most recent as the primary feed, and I'll change my tune.
The new update which has this notification pending while posting updates offline sticks to notification bar-_-
I've used this since a few years ago had problems but it was my carrier it wasn't the app.  Use it every day and love the new features.
Love the new update
Excellent.
just remain one thing to be 5 starts copy and paste
i can't delete any posts, turn off notifications or follow people even with the new update. fix this please & ill give it 5.
Application
open
Wtf  Latest version not working
Sayrabano
Fb app makes my phon work slow....every fb update is mostly similar so do not update it more....day by day its becoming complex....earlier it was easy to use but now a days fb = difficulty level.....and also make this app some much lighter in weight....as it is very heavy so its hangs upps the phon
Nice
Ok
Awesome
Yakoob
good
Thank you for this great app.
Eshh
Been using FB for like ever since it started. Just too lazy to comment.
Why does it take up so much space?! Please make it so.it.doesn't
Worse update. Slower than previous version. How on earth Mark Zuckenberg can hire people like you.
Superb. ...
Can you change your spiel to "Keeping up with some friends as defined by our algorithms?" Otherwise it's pretty solid.
It takes forever to load, crashes too much and the layout is horrible!

I like
Too slow. Too much of space. Battery drainer. Too many permissions.
Has been working pretty good lately
Please fix video player
Grudge
Kaushalrndarpandry
Great Way keep in contact & much more
And another update and still no fix for the news feed. Useless!
Useing Fb too much easy by this app but sometimes its show session expires & than it  log out automatically. Its really irritating..... But overall its a best app for Facebook user's :-)
Liking problem.. Otherwise good
EXCELLENT UPDATE
Nice
Want the old Facebook back.
I only have two complaints. 1) It refuses to stay hibernated. 2) It still is heavy on battery consumption but much better than before last update.
Viralchauhan
Why remove the option to order by latest news? I know I  can change it each time but preferred to be able to set it to open on latest news.
You knowed
Always not responding :(TQ
Just downloaded it. Tried logging in but kept giving me error message "an unexpected error happened...". So what's the point of this app if I can't even friggin log in? Tried logging in from mobile browser and there was no problem. Useless.

Best
Please fix. Cannot tag, show, constantly force close.
This is a hated apps
Swry
At bdn
totaly brill
The app is good.
Like the new update but sort it by most recent please or let me set it that way permanently.  Kind of used to it now so whatever.  Other than that it works fine.
good
Excellent wrk by mark zukrburg
Updates makes this app better.  Thanks for the continued support for this app.
Videos don't play correctly.
When i want to edit the caption in my picture isnt work... and when i want to put a picure i have already put it the likes gone
Love it
Diya
This App is good, but if there have a translator tools is better.
Great app
It allows me to tt my friends& family.
Great job for being native .. but the push notification just disappeared or it takes too long to appear from 2 to 3 hours .. !
FACEBOOK
Love it
Nice
Its at  7%
Would like to go back to the previous version of Facebook. The new version freezes when I try and upload pictures to the comment section. Really frustrating when your trying to sell an item and you can't show it.
New update finally works on ASUS memo pad
Best
The app inflates to 100+ MB on phone storage. Why?
Nuam.nu
Ever since i updated my phone to its new version, facebook stopped working. Galaxy note 3.  Tried reinstalling it and i get error code -24? How do i fix this?
0154218your@email
Donkeys
Enough with the updates already!! Had 2 new updates within 3 days! Is this really needed? Just leave well enough alone already!!
Nice app
Freezes on start up. Don't bother
Good
Video doesn't play on micromax a210.
Nice update
My phone is old and out of date so I know things won't work properly all the time but it always says I need to authorize HTC sense to access it? Have uninstalled reinstalled... Even did factory reset to make everything work. Had issues with this phone and a droid razor max 4. Notifications, chat, everything slow. Not user friendly despite how tech savvy or not.
Recent updates seem to have fixed most issues.
Keep in contact withw friends and family
Oye
Everything is awesome except share with and dont share with option is missing..Please add it to make it perfect..
The bomb
Facebook

new update awesome
good
its nice app msging n watching events lov this aap its fell as like as pc ......
Hi gays
Very Nice APP
best
Multiple Account support like hangouts, gmail... And Please allow the app and data to be moved to external sd card... This app itself takes 60MB out of my 1GB internal memory...
Superbly fantastically awesome
Just pitiful uninstall to much space
Nice game
Good
I had a stock app earlier but this one was smoother
Can't notify on right time
Seems they prefer people to use the desktop version because of the ads and so they keep the Android version crappy as hell. Worst app ever on my tablet. Not optimized for the screen resolution, so slooooooow to open and so many crash. Just horrible.
So far so gud
Its so...freaking...slow!
I'm having the same issue I did two updates ago. The app isn't seeming to actually share my posts.
Hanging while using taking too much time to open
Good
Its not showing resent update hurry
New  update failure. Keeps sayin "Session Expired" and kicks me out. Cant do anything with the app. Please fix and I will give 5 stars
Now the fb app for android is getting better day by day. Although there are minor issues with newsfeed they are negligible when compared to the app few months ago. 5 star is yet to come
That good
Keep in touch with the world
Good all in well
Please allow us to download videos from facebook.
For this being as large as it is, Facebook really needs to step up their app game, and use the features made available to it. They need to hop on the expandable notifications train, and when material design becomes the standard, they better do a nice visual overhaul. Every chance they don't take advantage of is a strike against them in my book
Won't let me upload photos
Keeps crashing and force closing with the newest update. Please fix.
Yes
Keep Blanking Out I Just Updated & IT Still Doesn't Work
Not accesing internet . While other apps are easily accessing servers. Please fix it for my tablet Intex ibuddy connect 3g
Wow
Very nice
Amazing facebook app
I usually Hate the updates to the Apps But i Must say the Newest update is Owesome
Koka
Good social app
Its the best in Facebook
Papuuuuu cheez haiii
Nice
Its giving error at end of down load "file format not found " for Q Mobile A2
great
can you add show top news ex: "the most like" or "the new stt" for us to chose . 2 choses
I cant able to see any ones profile pic
(RERA)
It is awsumm
It gotten better the update is great doesn't force closes anymore
Wtf. New update is'nt setting
A grear socialising application just needs some settings to b available on cell settings too rather then only desktop help.
App that require more than 5 stars
Facebook
work well on Zenfone5
nyc
I got the update today thanks.
Keeps me up dated with my surroundings!!
Love it
Every time same updation. Do something new developer
It uses high amount of data,RAM and battery.this is not expected from you. Same app in iOS is not using that much battery... Isn't it strange?
But Refresh fast
It is excellent
You got a lot to fix. HTC authentication and log out every 2 days then has to re sync. Fix!
Malu
:(
rockin as always
Nice work guys ..
DO NOT INSTALL THIS UPDATE!  Samsung Galaxy S4, after patching I powered down my phone to charge. When I turned it back on I get CONSTANT com.facebook.katana has stopped working spam that is blocking me from using my phone at all.
Works can't explain!
Manik
I do like it but it needs to be faster and it takes way to much memory lower the memory of this app
Ab gogoi
Could live without the social experimentation
Good
Great app love it a lot.
With every update the functionality gets worse, it's harder to scroll now, pictures take even more time to load than last time.... Would've been happy if they left the app the way it is without these meaningless updates!!!
When im bored i can spend my time txting my friends or looking at some things ppl post
Its an decent app for now
After the new update
I guess the app is okay because I've used it before, but doesn't seem to work on my phone; Samsung Galaxy Ace ( think). I don't really know why that is, but I sure hope it'll be fixed because I wanna use the app again haha
Recent update ? #Hateit !!!! First the desktop NOW MOBILE APP ??! #NOTPLEASED ...
Good
Awsom app

momin samkre
Five star
I cannot reinstall facebook onto my samsung s3 there are many errors which cannot be updated and post onto the reviews
really sick with the update lately.... why u guys never listen to our review?? then why must u guys need our review??this latest update soooooooo SUCK!!!!!!!!to many people feedback in this review about this application failure lately..come on guys.....wakeup!!!!!! open your eyes... please take an action...
What did people do before facebook the world may never know lol
One who perform Hajj to Ka'aba in Mecca, Saudi Arabia.
Just great
The best way to keep up with friends and family!!!
Takes up way too much memory
Good
Please j wantmy Facebook back cause my son mistake ngit delate so hov do I get back in
819
Rubbish software, distrating, poor messaging and grave privacy concerns.
Still can't watch videos freezes during video but can still hear sound needs fixed for a HTC rezound does anybody read this I will delete app if not fixed I would give no stars but can't fix this problem
It's...........ansome
Need a way to keep from being tagged in photos.....not just removing tags but not being tagged at all.....
Must have app !!
Kind off better than previous. Still we Don have option of personalization when we put one status
The autoplay videos is the stupidest feature I've ever seen. Its turned browsing Facebook from a light data experience into a data hog. Even when autoplay on WiFi only is enabled. It's terrible.
Awesome thing..... 
Great app...but when I want to post something I can't choose custom friends as a list as I need to choose it from PC or mobile web
Superb
outstanding app
GOOD
Gets me my fix
Nice fb but it very slow
Facebook
Good one
Very hang
Its good to use
Hey add group setting option membrz find nd group closed open nd secret privacy change option add in new version
This app is terrible! When it refreshes (which is about every 4 minutes), the app brings me to the top of the news feed and I never get to finish reading anything!
Stagnating
Liked
why cant u make a compact suitable app for android..?? 20mb and adding on every update... allow moving to SD card and then make it huge 1gb.. i wont mind.. highly disappointed...
Awesome
Cannot.share links.to.pages. why? The other version allowed this.
The comments are almost unreadable after the update made them transparent.
Best of all application......
Problems seem to be fixed.
This is a big prblm in fb dat after i see any msg n return back to home pg , it agin goes bk to d first post!!! X-( really annoying. Pls fix soon!!! My device- samsung galaxy ace
I can't tell the difference between what I get from FB on the Web or from the app. I suspect my complaints are with FB itself not necessarily the app.
Best Way to  connect friends
Very useful app.I love it
Ok
Not as good as the PC version but does allow you to keep in touch with friends while mobile.
Excels
Full useful
Working ok on my s4
in in the fifth grade and i found my friends my name is liliana this used to be my dads phone and i love it!!!!
Super <3
Still no 'most recent'... Failbook
This is a fast n safe Hmm...
Love it
Very good app
Required more upgrdtion!!
It's not the unusable app it once was anymore.
Love it
Hey fix that most recent coming up in settings and it wanted to be in news feed so fix it as fast as u can
:(
Family
Love it
You
Plz update it . ,n
totAly bogas very large installation
Cannot save any photos
love ut
Very nice
Slow, not customer minded, advertisement minded
I am like this one
Excellent
Very Nice Apps
Gembira
Not bad but youd think after all these "Speed improvements" that it would actually be fast. Still pretty slow if you ask me galaxy s5 verizon
sex
Excellent
I hate when it starts to slow loading pictures and stuffs..
Awesome

i don't like this facebook new version....
It's okay, could be worse
Fsbook is a great time whit my friends and family
I dont want to give any star for this app. The three stars is only for fb. And not for this app. There are updates for every month and there is no use in updating this app. I can use fb in opera browser. It is better than this.
Facebook
Share and Dowload
CONNECTING PEOPLE ALWAYS
I love this app because i get to keep in touch with my freands and family [][][+><{}{}{}{}{#########)()()()()
Good
Facebook aplikasi paling terbagus didunia zaman sekarang.. Very2 good facebook thanks for everything all news
I like it
Good
Shows old news , most recent is 'hidden' away . almost daily update required . Very annoying .
It always says messsenger get messenger why do we need messenger it's really the same what we had before why does it need to change?
Love it
I love it
Just gone to update the app and its telling me insufficient storage?!?! How much storage do I need to browse thru Facebook! !!! Sort it out
facebook
Love it!
It take lot of MB
Plz add reply on comments and I'll give 5 Stars ;)
Just a really cool app could do a bit better but the update is just great
i love it..
A nice one
Not bAd
Well I think I dont have anything to say out of the box about how great this app is,and how brilliantly the people behind updates it from time to time. But what disturbs me a lot is that when you are clicking a link in the app and are directed to the source, then once you return, the entire  page/app gets postbacked as a return it reloads altogether. So you have to pretty much start from the top and that is a mess.I have to scroll down like hell to get to the last location . kindly resolve this.
Not bad
Good
Trying to watch a video and all I get is 10 seconds then an error, tried it on wifi and 4G and its the same, don't know why I bother using the app as there's always something not working
Marvellous App
Hated it
Not so great .but it was super
Blossom
Facebook
Good connection
Fuckn piece of shit
I Like This
Excellent
If you don't log out or turn off the messanger. The app will show you online forever.
Seekers movers and shakers
msttttt versan
malik
Facebook they do what they want.
Very nice..
K
A bug is causing phone to be unable to take screenshot...
Like updates. Keep up d good work.
excellent app
Good app
Col
Good App.
This "update" made it worse! My feed is barely loading :(
Plz add copy posts :'(
Loving the new update
Update for for every week???
This app is good but at time slow
Too many problems in this app
C bon mais parfois il tard
I love the update its better then the last #keepitcomin
I'm unable to set the newsfeed to "most recent," and I still get double posts from a page that I've liked. If you tap on a post from page you've liked, go and read the story/article, or watch a video; when you leave to come back to your newsfeed or the post were just at....Facebook will start you all the way back to the beginning of your newsfeed!! You then have to scroll to find the post you were just at/on to leave a comment, like, or just continue were left off while trying to read the feed! B.S.!
The best app
Vry good
Love it
So good
Love
Its Facebook
gud app bt nt great on 2g connection
I love this app
It work's GREAT
Stupidity
Recent updates makes the app force close and crash. G2 v2.3.4
Thankyou Tom, we all love you!
Like
The best app
Why remove the 'Albums' tab "again" when viewing a group page? It was already ok before. Please put it back.
Its ok...
Dope app
Can you change the look of facebook. Like on iphone.
Keeps on closing photos I'm looking at after a couple of seconds
I like
Wow
opening slower...and when notification arrives it always hang my device....
baba
This app has gotten better over time.
notification not work
Facebook is great for anyone
Outstanding
Facebook very good help us to contact with people :))
Best thing ever
No good cakren
Excellent app
Share to custom people list need to be added. Video suggestions is good.. but cant able to share those videos. After viewing few suggested videos... cant able to get back to previously viewed video.
No one wants the top stories. Let us get the "most recent"! It's so dumb... Who even working for facebook think top stories is a good option???
Facebook is getting better and better through updates it is so good when I log in it logs me in so fast. But the only problem is when I am out and about it never can pick my location up and never can check in any where!
It is the best chatting app I had ever seen. So cheap so fast and I can post in offline

Funny
Love my Facebook
Awesome
Google+ looks a lot nicer than this one.. and Facebook is more popular. I have a hard time exiting chats and I don't like it how the audio records everything that'd being said and sent to the NSA.
I'm not downloading a second app for a messenger service I rarely use.  I'm not wasting time on suggested posts advertising the benefits of squatting to go poo. (Facebook's jumping the shark moment for me).  Remember AOL? That's where Facebook is heading. I'd totally drop it but I know a lot of people over 60. Yeah, that's the your current demographic.
Facebook is the first and last best application in the world ... But it's new update has some errors ... Like message comes when we open fb , and no notification or message  sound comes its only vibrate
Feacbook
Constantly force closes. Even after reinstall.
Good
Fuckin update,,,,,,
easy to use.
But still no reply button in comments
Good app but one time is verry slow and show image and videos
:)
Facebook gives me an easy way to keep in touch with far way friends nada family.
ONLY MOST RECENT....THANKS
Awesome
Can we get swipe to close photos like in iOS version in the next update.
Love the new look
Ubava
Don't know which I like best this or utube.
Someone
Let me clear, This is one of the worst applications on Play Store I have ever experienced. This application can't let you change or update your profile picture. It resets your profile picture even if you want to update it. There are just so many problems to figure out. For example if u want to update your profile picture from your album, it reset all the likes and comments. Every single time did comes with some kind of issue It's even takes up to 120 MB of internal memory if u don't log out from the app.
So happy to be able to use my Facebook app again!
Videos wont play and it is taking up way to much space I can't download any other games. It says it is taking up 60+mg
Very usefull app
It's great I can stay in touch with friends and family no matter where they go or I go.
Please add reply putton..
I also keep getting error loading news feed message. Samsung  galaxy s5
Please do add settings so that I can have link of id's and I can see other messages as well
Awesome app!!!:it's working greatly in my samsung galaxy star pro.....
Ek bar Jo aaye
This app is a very good app
Please convert it back to the old layout or change this one. It sucks...
Useful
It dont let me sign in ! Something is totally wrong  With  it. -. Please fix it you guys. Thanks :D
Finally a fb update which makes an android user proud. I own half a dozen android devices of various forms factor and this runs perfectly on each one of them. To all those who are asking what's changed, well it's no longer based on Web views and uses the native android app code.. Although it still is far from the iOS counterpart but this is a step in the right.. Next step, optimize this app for android tablets and keep adding to the features list.
super
It is nice but some slowly it is very hard to type slowly
I lo e it this app really good being for me and my family
Good
Work only 40% of the time. Nothing work like it should.  Crap
Use too much ram. Please fix the issue.
Nice ua
Sagooooo
Love it
It just seems to slow my phone down a lot.  And just when I figure it out,  they change it.
Love it if i could do my games mobiley the same way it works on a pc. Update.... Some updates dont work like theyre supposed to
9c
This app is forever updating because it keeps shutting down! Facebook sucks! Back to MySpace ;)
Please help me figure out the problem...I can't download the app...
Not the best app on the market by droid. Sometimes don't get chat messages, sometimes the mail doesn't show when I open it and the app takes time
Great
Slow update
Hye smua ..
The video plays itself without even clicking on it it consume my MBs on my unlimited data and make the net slower , fix it you arr going backward
Cada update en vez de mejorar, , Se pone mas lento!  Loco pq hagan otra app de Facebook para dejar esta
The updates keep getting better but under the 'what's new' it always says the same thing. Let us know what the updates r about.
Good luck
Bestest
Nice to see changes in the uploading and messaging features.
Nice
Darude-sandstorm
GETS BETTER ALL THE TIME
Perfect
10/10 photo comments are jesus
Nice application frds and easy to use ....
"Sync With Existing Contacts" does not mean "Sync All Contacts". If I wanted all contacts to be synchronized, I would've selected that option.
Loved It
Really bad update.
Very nice, I like it :-)
Great app!
In the early it was great,useful but now it,s useless and Very  expensive.
Social
Great
Nuff said...
Good
Due to videos not download Facebook is not good service
It was difficult to navigate between notifications, chat, and newsfeed, etc. Other than that the app was great the only reason I uninstalled it was because I was spending too much time on Facebook
Facebook
Honestly, I liked the older versions of Facebook. It seems like Facebook has to update every two months!
It used to be OK I had it at 5 stars, with the updates now it force closes on me or says fb isn't responding, fix it please!
Unexpected
I cannot view videos on my Sony Xperia Z2 because it keeps coming up saying unexpected error. Fix this please
No problems
Soni sidhu
We all want Most Recent as a Default Option on our News Feed. I know how to get to it as I'm not retarded, but I shouldn't have to get to it, I should open the App it already be there. Also why is there no way to get an answer as to why this isn't being addressed. If this weren't Free you'd lose a lot of customers with this business model.
So good
Need more improvement
Number one
keep it up
Hakeem_Cruse
Nice for mobile phone.
Execellent
New to social media I guess its ok
This app looks good.. But operating is worst.....even msgs also not going in this app....and also loading speed is very low....so...plz improve it...i vl give 5 star...
Please add chat back to the application, don't want to have two apps when they can be in one
I am very lacky to see me this app
Awsome
User friendly application
So Colllll
Facebook
Please can we change the facebook color please.
This version of the app is good. Keep up the good work. (y)
It's good for what it does but it needs to take you through why every app wants the apps login!
News feeds not loading even on 3G network on my samsung core. Please fix it
This is soooo slowww
Useless!
Good job!
Good
Very reliable. Its very fast & easy to navigate.
Rasel khan
Ok
Greatest ever!!!!
Excellent
Ain't bad!
Awesome App !!!
Good
Loved it!
Very very nice app
good
Lebih sering diupdate aja..
Not good
exellent
Unexpected error is showing up all the time
It's so amazaing.
I really getting mad of it
nice
Its been having to force close.lately
Super app .....
Last update fixed most recent news feed issue
Great resource.
nice
Gud one
Meh.
It going successfully ....
I love this apps...
Its enjoyable .and  people i grew up , went to  school wit hung out wit.  im in touch wit all of them.
This aps is very nice but i think it is compelsiry to  logpput   otherwise  it  will   struck.
Good
Love that it's updated, from time to time
mind blowing app
After the last update the program became totally usless because it cant even refrash the timeline and do other things! Old: while zooming a picture with double tap, it zooms out immideatly for the first time... comments are not grouped with answers, can't answer to a comment, notification section doesn't update itself
Getting better
Great App I like the Messenger addition. Recommended by Strykers Lounge Aus [FB]
I have a problem  i can't custom the privacy setting fix it please
Great way to keep in touch with all mt family
My Facebook!!!
My life revolves around Facebook
Need copy or past from others post. and need download system for video file.
This app is so cool, because it allows me to access to the coolest social media networking site anywhere.
Best contenet
grrrrr. its to hard to connect in my phone
s5
Don't want messager on my phone its crap leave it as it was not happy
Face book
S.Syed sulthan
Works as expected. Wish the app could tell when you're using the messenger app and not get dual notifications for messages.
So laggy, not organised very well and looks horrible
Please fix.!
Doesnt open! Keeps force closing. Sort it out
Nice app better than the last version
How is it an UPGRADE and you can't do the same things as TAG someone like the OLD DOWN GRADE!!!??? THIS IS SOME OLD BS....HATED IT!!!! x10
Its unbelievable
CAN'T I STOP THE GAME REQUESTS COMING TO ME LIKE CANDY CRUSH ?????????? I'm SICK OFF THESE USELESS NOTIFICATIONS !!!!     I NEED A RESPONSE !!
exellent
Such good
App needs a threaded view for comments so that it's easier to understand who's replying to what.
Wonderful app
super lag
Love it
I do not like getting text msgs of other peoples comments on the same stats that I comment on...
Every update makes this app worst and worst
F9
i love it
Love it
Still the best thing in terms of social networking
Facebook tbh its kinda slow but when yur downloeded it ber slow den when yur on it berrr Fast i mean like of a click if a botton fan so yh its okai
Useless vry bad app..!!
The new layout is more appealing and generally fits into the android theme. Snappier performance as well, though lacking general transition effects.
Won't even open anymore, you're making this app worse and worse.
Superrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
its fun
Amazinggg
It's unfortunate that I can't give this app zero stars. I don't think they care
Its awesome but it takes more than 100 mb
New update is awful. Most of the time my news feed doesn't even load. Lame. Get it together FB!
You guys have really improved. I'm impressed
Love this application
I really love the feature of ongoing notification... Plz activate it again... Plz.. Thn 5stars
CrashMaster
Cool..
great
I can't view anything. If I click a notification it will take me to the status but none of the comments are visible. If I comment I get an error and it won't post. I can view everything from mobile web just fine. Galaxy S4.
Naveen kumar
Good facebook
Nice
Superb.....
Loved
Facebook is awsome
Need improvement
Rpt
Trava tudooo
Once again Facebook has decided that everyone prefers the Top Stories feed, which is consistently horrible, to Most Recent, which is now buried in another tab that requires a lot of scrolling to get to. It's a concerted effort to make everyone hate the timeline. That's the only logical explanation. I understand if it's not the default, but what is the point of not making it an option? No sense whatsoever.
Khalid Saroha
I like facebook great social media
It wont load any news feed and I can't even share or search for things on the app. Fix it plz
Hi.  I can't install Facebook home because I can't update the facebook
I like too few it
Yall need to stop changing it
I like  it
It has this error
I love this app :)
Excellent
All likes and pictures
I think fb its okay now
Great app.
A good application no words to say .
Axilent fb
Eror eror download shith .. fix this
Like
Love this app
I lov ths apppppp
Too much memory

Easy way in simple app
cool
I used to love it...until one day I couldn't tag anyone...not cool.
I loved it

Not bad
I really liked this app., but why not not using its messenger instead of using separate app., for messenger??
I closed out of FB to relaunch it and everything and it still is very slow or just does not load pictures or comments or anything at all..
Very good
Clearly facebook engineers are as clueless than their userbase.
Excellent after recent update
Its good but it work very slow
Rate
Great app!
Update fixed problems
Its very very good....... :)
What a app... For chat with frnds...
bueno
This update doest work
i cant open
Fab ..app... I loved it...:)
I don't like the fact that you have to go to the last tab to check out your recent posts by people. Why couldn't it be left alone. Smh
Verygood
This thing is FORCE CLOSE or WAIT constantly!   the Droid3 only has 0.5 GB of RAM, not the full/standard 1 GB.   But.. Geesh.. every new update stomps this old dual-core 1ghz phone.  Just Can't keep up..  and that Messenger thing is even worse.   I just want a simple app to check my facebook advertisement news feed.
Good
Needs work......love the new "pride" stickers......thank you facebook
Keeps me in close touch and contact with my family and friends!
Please  fix! My asus zenfone 5 unable to access fb.
It never starts
Facebook
New look didn't appear
It's Facebook what else can you say.
Facebook
Isse to purana ver. Achcha tha .
nice app
too slow and many times dont respond at all!!!!
ruined it with your stupid update. where is my Recent Posts option? it. updates my feed note with posts that are over 24 hours old and is saying "new posts!" I should have known better. I never install your updates because they always suck for months until you get it right Don't you test before going live? igits... oh and your huge, hideous blue bar at the top overlays on top of androids cut, copy, paste icons for text select. you're welcome. /uninstalled
Videos doesn't play in my phone from last so many updates. I hope u fix it soon but haven't done it yet from so many updates.
Awesome
Just liked it no cmnts......
Fblover
My Facebook app dsnt work. The app fails to open. I downloaded it several times but the problem persists. Using a Motorola RAZR droid. Need urgent help.
Awesome app.
good
Nice
.........improved frm b4
Works great,
Nice
Facebook
Yogidarling
It's ok but after the update it keeps kicking me out
Very nice
Great application
Ok
Otherwise, is OK for it's purpose.
Painter. Lg90 d415
for the most part now that I have figured this version out its ok its just a little slow but I am really tired of updating it stick to one already
Its really good
Its very fast n best app
update after update......
Good
Facebook is the Best Application Where You Meet Old and New Friends And Families Around The Globe
Good
Nice app
The best...
The fb app constantly freezes, forgets to show me notifications, and is in general a piece of crap.
Nearly not worth free.... Every sentence runs off the screen.
Will only open every 15th time I try
Rockstar
Force close !
I can't see photos and videos with wifi connection.
Awesome
Works fine
Yo
love it
When I'm trying too open up message from inbox its not opening up it just jump off
Why are yall sending out the same update
Sick of issues. Signs me out/ wont let me sign in. Takes 5 minutes to sign in. Have to sync phone every time. Don't always get notifications. Its bad right now. Please fix!!!!!
why hang plzz update this fb not work
It's good but needs more improvements specially on battery comsuming issue. Otherwise, nice to use this app.
as last time :)
Fun nd cool
Sip...pokoke juos
OK but memory use is too much
Nice
Sex
Very slow and crashes frequently
When i do photo comment. It shows photos of whole gallery that is very difficult to find that photo which you want to select for photo comment. It should shows photos in  different folders as exist in gallery.
Emojis aren't working n comments after new update!  They look lile the old emojis... no fun! Pls fix! Ugh
junedalam          alam
I can't change profile photo choosing from my gallery!
Fantastic experience with d app.. Sometime it stop responding.. Happens twice with me in 4 months.. So to correct it i need to uninstall it & den install d new1 from play store..
Good
:D
Hello
Very nice
Rasheed em
It's good.
Nice app........I really love it....:-) <3
Please I want to change the font size .. I have a tablet 10.1 inch and small font !!!
...excellent

'Hi. I am having a problem with my Facebook app. Whenever I try to take a picture using the photo function, the app crashes and my phone restarts. My phone is 'Konka V976'. Please solve this bug in your next update'
For a while i was happy with app, minus the unnecessary changes to the news feed, but now after this latest update i can't even use the app because my feed won't load at all. I can't pull up pictures, videos, or notifications.
Very fast
Really good
sky vega
Won't load news feed and now it won't let me log in.
Hur muah gersh ish fersch berk!
Friend's right choice
Based on the reviews, I will definitely NOT be updating  this app...
Nice
Awesome can see my family over seas
It is good
Love it :)
Iight murda
Could not be download due to an error!!! :/ Pleasw fix
I refuse to be forced to install extra apps, and without messaging this app is useless to me.
But bad!!!
Is ok lol nothing fancy
On a Samsung Galaxy S5, doesn't connect properly, barely usable, not sending updates.
There was error while playing videos. Should be fixed..
Mala
I hate it nothing loads ... And I can't see my new feed ughh
Ister
Love it but u should make it useful
Nothing more expected for free..
Blocked me for apparently going too quick. Now I can't like or comment anymore
Love the new functions
Daughter,sister,mom,friend
Good
Iut
Only thing is that the news feed keeps updating n everything jumps up to the latest news while I have scrolled all the way down.. need to scroll al the way down again.  Not fun
Useful 4 Social activities & knowledge
Please don't ignore our comments. Can't play full video.
So basically, please fix this app. I really love Facebook but the updates are not helping... And my huge problem is I can't install FB because it will always say "Can't Install in USB storage or SD Card" and sometimes it'll go "Package file not signed correctly" so please fix this app... Thank you guys :)
Bt contains all d matter
Keeps getting slower. Pictures won't load.
ahmed
Can't live without it
Not satisfied
Not very impressive!
Supb
Yes
Awesome
It is not so bad. IT CONSUMES TOO MUCH RAM. PLZ FIX THIS CASE. THEN YOU WILL GET ¡î¡î¡î¡î¡î
I love this app
Facebook keeps me up with my friends.  I have health issues that keep me trapped in my home.  Facebook is my happy place!!
Naveen Nooragonda
Ysezy
I love this app..
This app turns off within 1 minute of turning it on!  I did not have problems until recently.  It is very frustrating. It force closes on my first touch now!

always have
Very good app.
Facebook
The app is working good but it iz consuming a lot omy phone memory and making my phone struck...!!! Plz check it out
Boring now
It is getting more and more difficult to have the most recent timeline as the default. No one wants top stories.
Can't connect and sync for some app, please fix it!
Call
after i update to the latest version this app won't work anymore!!!
The application is really good
Very good app.
Nice app
Perfect
whenever I try to hide some gross news or annoying events on my wall it fails. Specifically, the app seems to hide the event but when I launch application next time the event is there. I would kill those perverts posting disgust soon if Facebook's aces don't fix this soon. Kisses
Love it
Facebook
The frustrating thing about this app is when it doesn't work like the Web site.
Comfortable to use but you can't copy/paste lines or writings.. please fix this.
Just updated Facebook and doesn't work on WiFi anymore... Oh well, I'm sure your shareholders wanted it that way...
Facebook
Ganda
I like Facebook
Awesome
Nothing updates on my fb page with WiFi turned on after last update.  Have to turn off WiFi,  and just use cellular connection on my S3 to see my profile,  update news feed... Etc...
Problem
nice
Love it
I like it
Love it
Its awesome...networking...!!!
Good to knowledge and experience .more info and fun to
Wanna download Cant download images & pictures :/.  If s must. Hope that next update we can download picture& image from timelime
Crushed. Hanged .stuck each problem exist which should not b here
Sometimes it doesn't work when I try to look at a pic
The recent update is cool
How many more updates? Seems like every time I get near wi-fi it wants to do an update! Still no choice as to change top stories or latest feed...getting very fed-up with it now...too much advertising too..sort it out. Getting bored now..yet another update....someone must be tring to justify there jobs with all these updates..
Every time i open this app it closes itself fucking irritating me. Even the news feed is not loaded completely.
Average
Top
Good
It take Alot of My phone Memory!iDislike it?
At first it's okay but later on it always crashes. Hope you can fix this 'cause you got lots of talented people out there. :)
Wow man
Not good
Excellent
Mast hai bhai mast
AWESOME
Cant play video
B'coz It Is Useful :)
Yiha
Quick to use
New update caused it to become seriously slow on both my s3 & my s3 mini. Was great up until last update... many glitches, pics don't load  and takes a long time for news feed to refresh once I get to the bottom of the page. It's so bad i have barely been using Facebook the past few days!
My favorite
I can't play videos. It says Error! I knew I shouldn't have updated the app -_-
The messenger app is great but I would love notifications even better thou
Gr8 app
Can't access your own profile page. Less menus. Can't easily access messaging. Don't like this version at all.
Great social media app
Every time you guys so-called called update you screw  everything up the app is 100% useless on a phone right now! get your s*** together Facebook
Time pass
Nice app
Too much updates all the time make this app annoying
:)
Always lovely to use
Good performances!
Yes
A heavy and lagging app, even on the Nexus 4. The new design is a fail and I need to flick my finger too many times to get to the desired functions. I wonder if they'll ever introduce the option to respond to someone's comment, instead of browsing a chaotic list of all comments.
Super
Vvvvvv poor
il
Nice  <
From bad to worse? Upgrade should be including improvements not further errors. It was so bad that I actually had to write a negative feedback on it. Images are barely loading and wth with post upload notifications? Stop adding unnecessary functions and work on what you already have as it sucks.
New install won't let me log in.
Great social network for friends and family across the world
Kumar
Every time i open it after update it crashes automatically. And new update sucks.
Nycc..
whenever I chat someone the type pad is not comming out ughhh!!!! Fix this bug or don't update Facebook at all!
Check out all the permissions this app needs you to accept before you install... why in the WORLD would I allow an app to take pictures with my camera phone, WITHOUT MY KNOWLEDGE?!?! These permissions are off the hook! Used to have it downloaded, not anymore thank you... I'll just use the internet version! Lol now instead of NOT allowing the app to use my Mic/camera without my consent or knowledge, they "simplified" the app needs so that it doesn't say it uses the Mic/camera without my permission or consent

Perfecto
new ver realy usefull
It marvellous I live chating wiz friends
OSM
My Fb won't load, it's extremely slow!
It's very baaaaaad
Facebook
Hard to navigate, very confusing interface.
Maganda
Useless
Lovely. ..
Cant able to watch vedios.!!  App getting force closed aftr the update
Not loading new updates... app is loading all the old news...:-(
plese resolve my many west here radhika ji
I have tried several times to update the app only to receive the error message insufficent storage. Please fix.
More improve this app
Cool
This app sometimes it seems OK but most of the time kinda annoying to me.. Eats a lot of My USB card.. and sometimes some of the features are broken or not loading keep improving this apps. Thank a lot..:-)
Using too much space, its heavy and slow too. So please guys optmize this so we can manage RAM for other applications
Wast
App continuously closing on its own. News feed doesn't update w/o forcing it. Please fix!
Why now is the app up to 166mb, it was always like 30 some mb for me on my phone, now it jumped  all the way to 166mb, please lower or tell me how to lower. Thanks.
Imranali
Super
Khan
PHOTOS ARE LOADING VERY SLOW
Nice
better bettet better
Slow some what..
Disent load pictures in news feed
Facebook sucks anymore. Too many problems to list. Stop updating things so much. Its such a waste of time and data use. Get with it facebook, you suck
To many storage needed
Good app
The new update, especially to the UI of the share features is just awesome.
Good
This is robustly fantastic applications ....
Good
This is good for us
It is more helpful
I cannot update showing error (500)
Then I'll change my score.
This is what i want!!
Still very slow
Thanks
Osm ...app
NEW update nothing no extra feature, it takes time to open, unfortunately stopped .. Its loosing popularity day by day. Adding in a group, friends adds me in a group without my permission. Error loading news feed
Excellent
Time pass app
Ajmeerla
Cool
not user friendly..
Another update and more problems... this is getting out of hand.
but should have bandwith saving option such as image loading on/ off etc...
World becomes small when you are on face book.
AWESOME :3
Awesome social networking system
Its good
Good app
Best communication social site
Applicasion
WALL, NEWS,  ETC WON'T UPDATE INSIDE APP UNTIL I MANUALLY UPDATE EVERY FOLDER IN APP UPDATE! I PREFER INTERNET  ON SMART PHONE THAN APP!!!
Nice
latest update is a crap...
After updating the new version,it lags too much.please fix it
ITS GOODY;i have use facebook for 3 years.
Malo , para copuchear esta bien ....
Photocomment is available in ios and not available in androud !
SUNIL PATIL
Luv tis coz  v cn make new buddies
Better
You half to love something that is special to you
Great
Cool App but try to decrease size of app...!! :)
For every one
tarun
Supppperb
Sucks!!
Some more features can b added, n privacy should b more enhanced....
This aps is very nice but i think it is compelsiry to login.otherwise it struck.
Enough with the junk updates. Facebook app is useless now. I can't like anything and keeps saying no internet connection.  Boycott to Google+
Great app.....
Nice
Love itttt
undo all the updates! wd want the previous FB!
I thought updates were for the better?! Ugh.
just ok.
FB DOESN'T DO ANYTHING IF YOU GET HACKED! FUFB!!! YOU SUCK BIG TIME.
Nice
Takes 5+ minutes to load.
Notificatn bar are nt geting updated sybmbols in each icon. Plz get it more faster
Wondering what's happening everytime i click my friends name¡­ fb would force close returning to phone homescreen¡­ please fix it
Still can't sort recent posts by default. This is a broken app otherwise, FB needs to listen to the people that use it.
Fakee
Hi
Pls hlp
Terbaik
Wow
After update very slow work..
Although I love to hate Facebook I  can't fault this app really
good app
Its excellent app
Stop notification feature not working always. Apart from that everything is great.
Cool
Sony Xperia L
Good
Brilliant!
Not good
News feed problem, Post editing reverts back to your last edit, these issues needs attention
Can't load well the pages.slow as a turtle
Useful
Can't see any photos or vids, plus news feed never updates wtf.
Great
Good

intre steng
Fc
Very slow
I'm using HTC desire v
Uo to this uodate, still cant play video on my samsung s3. Please make a move or else ill delete the app and rather ur browser.
Hye
Aiwa
Love it
New version crashes all the time.
Yo!
Frinds tuchrd
Nice app. So fast...
It's take more memory space in internal Data
Permissions are ridiculous.
Its ok updating now let u know
Stupid
It hangs a lot when I use it.
Cool and its not lag
I'm stuck on news feed from 4 days ago. Can't view photos or comments. Tried for hours and still loading.
Plz plz plz reduce the size of fb app.
Love yew islam
GOOD
No complaints
Acha haiy
Thats good
Great
I updated bt i could not even open ,i jst try to open,the application closes it self why like this very bad.....
I hate the fact that I can't see the RECENT posts. I don't want to see things at the top of my newsfeed from like 3 days ago.
Good app download it.

Good....
Why am I forced to install Facebook messenger?
Bad force closes
My phone gets stuck for hours when I use the new Facebook app it sucks
Can never seem to connect to the Internet,  yet if I use the browser based version, no problem.  Also, do something about the feed refreshing itself, taking it to the top. If I wanted to refresh I would scroll up and do it myself.
Whatever you changed,  undo it. I can't use my wifi to get my news feeds, it keeps giving me an error message.
I like Facebook
No problems
the best
Awesome!
Z4
Lets u up load video's and pictures. Its a great app :-)
Best application
Goooooood
y
No words to say in description..
Yeah
No option for sharing something like a video in a private message. Please Fix
Cant log in. Uninstalled it already and reinstall. No go.
Love it
Coop app..
The latest update finally allows to "Mute Post"! You're getting there.
Cool mate.
No fizzfuzz
Good

you guys forgot the custom option for posts..I always want to subpost or not let my mom see what I'm posting from time to time
Last update hangs/ stuck a lot on my s4......
Excellent
Terrible
Use alot of spece
You tur e 3 each 3, 2e4uituu wt tur3 t 33eruu I er t t5 tre t4 rt
nice
I love it...its very fast & simple.
Like thz
Enjoy to its fullest...this app wont let u miss ur lappy fr fb...it works well with almost any mobile phone....upload..like..share...do just whatever u want...
Plz install this app
Freezes some times but a good app
It's good but not enough fast. Some how make it fast. And why it's using so much of ram?
Very good
Working good so far
Nice
Very slow
Good appearance. ..and excellent working
Fs unli
Gud work
I like Facebook very nice app
Love it
Note2
Stuck
this is awesome!!
This very important for me.
Everyone of us it's easily to know to discover the world
Why now I can't download videos and before I can watching eny good video player now only your slowly player to much buffering that hyssss before I give 5 star now give you for a big two star you going down not up
greattt
Still crashing on startup, and it won't let me clear my recent searches even after pressing the "x" next to the search in my activity log.
GREAT
Boom Panis !!!
Ui is worst ever
Most Recent view in News Feed... Include option to make it default view. Why was it removed and made so difficult to find? You kids should Google "New Coke". That wasn't a good idea either. Listen to your users!
Better thn previous one
It's ok
I want to get news feeds in order. I CAN'T SEE MY FRIENDS UPDATED BECAUSE OLD ONES JUMP TO THE TOP!
:-)
I am on the road a lot so this is my way of communicating with my friends and family...
Should make a reply button for commenting!
Now chnge it give a new look to fb...
Lokesh
Good
Not good
I still has many things to do to make it user friendly.
i just regreting for deleted this aplication before, the newone couldn't fit to my old device..
Patwal
Bist of bist
Ive been hacked and I am not even in there but someone is and its making me sick cuz they (whoever is hacking my account n adding friends etc.) N i deactivated it and uninstalled it. Go figure.
Sangat bgus
Facebook
Best one
News feeds plays up ,
Please undo the update i cant see any newsfeed :(
Not bad
I enjoyed this app.
Exelent
;-)
Perfect
Pakav
Nice I like this !!!!
nice
The latest update is a poor effort from Facebook. Moving one of the most important functions, recent activity, to a hidden tab negatively affects ease of use. And, no, it is not laziness. An app is supposed to make things easier, and this clearly does not.
Love it
If i were to improve Facebook, Id suggest that when you turn off location in the settings, it should not appear in chat. Because even though I have turned it off, it still appears in the chat (turned off) but still bugs me. Thanks Facebook!
Very fun
Good
Facebook
I like it
I want it back the option of moving this app to SD Card. Please bring it back. Too bad. Memory consuming app.
Its wonder ful making me happy to wish with god namrs the way I do belive it cool and good .
Good
Getting better
No it is not Bahumi my name is Danie Cronje
Back again to school life
I can't even finish playing the video and keep pop up "sorry,  an unknown error occurred while trying to play this video"??? At first when I was using HTC Sensation and I thot it was because of ¡°old" phone that why cannot play the video properly.. But now, I change to Sony Z2 and its a same problem again. I cant play the video at all. Can anyone fix it!!!!!????
It is very good app to talk and share their views I had not gave one star because at first time I download this app it uninstall or removed from my mobile(videoconA24 android smartphone)
Good
First try
Not quite reliable app bt its kk to use.
Good
Hmmmm
Since updating my phones software, fb shuts down, freezes... won't even load
awesome
I cant even like pictures!!
Good
Very slow and wasteful update
No.1aps
I LOVED it before.. but I don't know what happened now... please update it or undo some necessary things. Thank you.
AishaAhmed
every time I go in my notifications it always takes me back to the home screen.   PLEASE FIX

How long does it take to fix an app right.
I am not getting any idea why all blaming Facebook Dev Team for this App as it works fine and great as always.. Come on guys don't give a fake review about the app it's fantastic for me, working on both 2G and 3G Network of mine without any issues.  So Keep the good work up Dev!!  (P. S = please stop bad reviewing Facebook app.. It's the largest social media ever on net, and we all love it... So please.. Regards.)
It simply suxxx
Since updating last night I get an error every time I post/comment saying 'something went wrong', comments/posts still appear although I have to go to a users page and load their posts that way to view comments, I even have to this with my own posts. *slow claps* well done Facebook, you've managed to fail testing your updates properly AGAIN...
Years
I hated this ....
Lol why i can't open my inbox i can't create message too
Facebook
Nice application
Gooooooood......
Hamed
It's OK
i love this apps
Messenger crashes whenever I  try to upload photos with my chat mates
Not one but 2 large tool bars that hardly anyone ever uses are taking up 25 percent of the screen, why don't they hid just like the bottom tool bar or like the chrome address bar.
NewsFeed Sucks.
bhule dost dhundo
Fb good for people like you
Its one of the worst app whenevr try to open Facebook.. Its not responding Facebook Activity.. Worst App.:-(:-(
At least you have sLow Internet Conexion..
Good
Hani Love
Just lovely apps
Layout changes occur way too much!!
Mmhm
Facebook is the faciest Facebook I ever Facebooked and if I had a choice I would Facebook this Facebook over the other Facebook. Unless the other Facebook was a better Facebook, then I would choose that Facebook.
I hate it. Rarely check it anymore because nothing is in order even if I click on most recent.

No complaints...good app...works brilliantly
Yupii
Oitits good
Its  good   app   .for  everyone
Notifications Won't Refresh . Wtf. If I could give it no stars, I would.
Good for searching hidden friends
I would have given 5 if its performance and ui were good. Hope to get a better update reg performance.
ashok painter
Fix pls
excellent
Error to refresh. Please fix this ASAP
Rabish
Runs perfectly for me
Great for the basics of networking on Facebook, and even includes the ability to edit pages/groups almost as well as someone using a PC. Recommendation: Since I get a notification to a reply to a comment that I made on another page, create a function for me to do the same via FB app instead of having to go to the desktop site.
Keka
good
Getting better with every update but some options aren't available yet

The most reliable in all events, birthday party, efective in family updates, and is on line 24-7.
So best
Super
When i update facebook it is even not showing main screen of Fb it hangs and closed automatically, i am really upset with this app please get it resolved otherwise u willl lose ur pestigious users.
Ok
good
For such a big time app you shouldn't be experiencing this many issues. Stop all the updating its fine. Just fix what's broken dayum.
Im trying to change the location of where im living right now but i cant find a button to edit about myself unlike the fb before. Is it me or you guys really remove it? And if so how people can update their profile?
It's okay...
Hi.. New update app is very poor & Its not working properly...pls update d app like previous .
This is the most and best way of getting around......... u can play lots of games and others I had some difficulties lately but still awesome
Fab
Previous versions made my phone hang but this one works much better.
Muy lenta!!!!
App has improved a lot now.. Good work developers..
Samsung GT-S6312
Nice
excellent app. However  improvement can b done at anytime..
Won't load nothing just blank umm update sucks please fix
Nice one..!!
Bad desain
Fun app
A little bit laggy, sometimes it takes to long to load images. Pls. Fix it ASAP
Still.sucks
Best
Nice
It is gud.
It has been very laggy on my androids, note 2.. s4 active and most recently my S5... not a huge fan..
Good app
I love fb
I m habituated
(Y)
OK
Facebook should just go back to how it was. Nome of this iOS looking stuff
I seen same 'what news' like old version and older.so what exactly this upgrade do?
Nt satisfactory..it keeps on popping u need to share your post...
Grt app
Why you dont make this app update everything in one time
Fantastic
Da new update Chai Kim da dagha belkull Ya tik nu da.... Bad very bad.!
Nice :)
Goooooooodddddd...
Can't post pictures on a status. Want to be able to post a picture on other people statuses
Never opens up all the way
Love2
since i updated this fb..i'll never played a video even if i want to save an image in my gallery from my chat box always the image was error :(
Can't syncro.with my fb contacts in huawei g700
I m not able to view any pics ........pls fix it FAST!!!!!!!!
:-)
My videosdoesn't play in my mobile model no micromaxA210
Jjjk
it is nice and great connections for our love ones in a far far places. please stay connect us.
It . Weird . && . Ant . Working
This
I dn't like this version ,,,:)
The good thing is that the UI looks sleek which is nice, and its a lot better than before.
What's happening?
20203030
Doesn't loading new notifications
in ios users thr is much better fb app. thn android.
Moto x
nice
Keeps Force Closing after it hangs up and I can't get out of the app!
I just love this apps....mind blowing
Sucks
Yes
I love it this app
I like this app
The app is pro if you dont like it make a better noobs......
Totaly working
Completely unnecessary on an Android phone and clutters the menu. Uninstalling because of it.
hi
Good
Nice
ºÜºÃ~
Facebook has done a lot of improvements. Works great on my device.
The app is the best app but the only problem is that it is consuming a lot data.
BADLOOK!
Good
Horrendes
I like this app
Its good. Getting Better ... latest update has useful improvements. But lil slow
Why does it need over 100 MB of memory?! I can't even switch it to my SD card. This needs to chance please
Very nice
Like
Its not good but its not bad
Facebook
Well, its official. Facebook still has two left feet.
Nice ha r ap karo on at
Facebook give me a lot of happiness. And easy to communicate my family. Thank you facebook.
Cool app
Very convenient to operate
Good
Easy to use

Mine just stays loading for everything 
K
Can't see likes or comments.
Great
Its nice not that bad.I like it
I can meet a new friend
I want 'Most recent ' stories as default.  Until this returns I'm off. Had enough of facebook messing around like this.
it's awsome
Pakwe aku curang
This is gk enak
Best update till now... Very cool & smooth...!
New idea
I can't reply on comment plz do something on dat... it was so irritating.. too much bugs.. i cant even click a like button.. twice pressing.. HELP
Awesome
Good.
Great online social communication
Forecloses sometimes still buggy
Good think
Assalamualaykkum
Likes
If you have problems just clear app cache after updating and enter all log in information. If that doesn't work clear cache and reinstall. Basics of troubleshooting.
Takes too much bandwidth
I like this app.
This is great and the best app ever
nice!!!
Eats my phone disk
Your photos will absolutely never look as good as the ones that do in the example screenshots because of the way FB compresses photos. It's shameful that they would even doctor the screenshots.
This is a great site. This is the site that you can play games while chating with your friends
Takes an eternity to load, widget doesn't update propperly, connection failures (even on a stable wifi)...
Its fb need I say more. %100 happy quality
verygood
Very good
Hey developer! Please solve error on saving photos..
Awsome
Very slow
Great
Dont like that every time I restart the app it takes me back to the top and I lose where I was. Also have problems watching videos. Would stop half way or not play at all. Please fix so I can get back to enjoying this app. Tata
Facebook is a great app to post pics and videos.
Excelnt
Watch video clip always error
Excellent. After this update, default location is not shown in the posting window, even when location services are on. Please fix this issue.
Nice
Its. So good
I didn't get the new update
Zakasss....
Had been worse but steadily getting better.
Just as long as it moves fast I don't mind the update but I think you should limit yourself on the things that you are allowed to see because there's a privacy issue.  There is really no reason for you to tell somebody that they can not friend somebody especially if they have known them for over 35 years. Because unless you have been in every single person's life then you don't know who they know or who they don't know
Minus 5 stars....f..k.n useless.
Keeping up with friends is faster than ever
Good display now.... it's very cool
Excellent!!
Excellent
Awesome app to contact friends and family
Nice
A few months ago this app was absolutely terrible,  now it's far better.
Coz it's not so cool...with I think
Facebook is childish (the  company) they hack ppl page and make some fake childish messages.Like really Facebook lame -_-
Works great. Quick easy access. I have pages that list ongoing events and it is really nice to check in on those on the go. Share posts, update pics, get recent notifications, message friends
Easy way to keep up with friends and family
It'$ work very fast
Hamy kis faltu kam pr laga dia tumhy tumhari maa ka bht aala aap hai fb time passs hojata hai or barbad bhi :D
But the pages often open at a slow rate pls fix it to load pages faster

Good app
Totally freezes the whole UI every other time I try to launch it, makes it unusable. No clear navigation in the notification tab. Some pretty screenshots, but less effective than a carrier pigeon.
Crashes and does not work
Works well, stable and clean of bugs.
Its great
Saya suka main FB ni kerane dia BEST GILE.....
Hiii i am anand goyal and feeling is good
Can't do anything like edit a post or look at comments without being kicked out. New version of fb sucks!!!! Please go back to the old fb!!!! That way all your users are satisfied, I guarantee with the old fb back more people will re install and reuse again. PLEASE FIX THIS ISSUE TO GET A BETTER RATING
This app now sucks... all my news feed is from a few days ago... nothing current..
This is really good
I love it
Mast application :)
Still needs some improvement but so far the app has been performing well.
Good app but always running and eat all batery. Cant select most resent setting top histories set by default
good
Slightly better than using the website
Where are all the other posts gone?
Hi
K
Like
It eats up all my ram....really poor
I hope the Facebook team could add the album privacy option not just for a single photo privacy option. Thank you. Please excuse me for my poor English OTL
Samsung s4 mini
nice I like it
Love it!
Loved it
Plz improve n bring in lot of chngez!! Thiz UI is gud at times but it sucks at d same time.. Facebook on mobile iz still nt yet to its highest peak.. No 1 can undrstnd why .? Plz improve n bring in tons of updates..
Nice aap best enjoy aap
Destroys you're life.
M
MH
:-)
Bagus
Nice
Awesome
TIONNEWHITE
Plsss fix this problem, the it eat's a lot of memory in my phone storage and my internal memory are only small it takes it all the space plsss fix that prob thanks!
Reply nice to have
;-)
I like this layout better then Android app.....
Enjoy
Love
Use alot of spece
. why is this so very sLow, even my network is fast but this is so very sLow,  and its says NOT ENOUGH MEMORY. but i have a large space of memory.. fix this.
It works right sometimes
Very bad
I like the new design but I'm only allowed to see about 10 posts on my news feed.
Nice app
The app stops loading at random times, sometimes just hangs forever.  Nothing seems to get it going again.
Good
Facebook sekarang agk lemot
This update is Totaly Trash Garbage type or somthing
Awesome
Bole to ek numder
Very annoying. Please bring back the option. I dont want to have keeping to go into menu and then feeds to get the recent...then it resets back to top stories and you have to start all over again. I gave you three stars because I do like the new design.
Booooooooo
Awesome
More enjoyable for all of us we need fb to share our feelings with whom for what there  in over the world ...
The app is good as it provides the entire access to fb. Sometimes i even like it better than the desktop version.  But this app runs constantly in background even though i have disabled the notifications in the settings of the app. As a result, it drains the battery.
Worst update of facebook app  photos don't open  at all
Good way to keep in touch and see whats up with your friends.
I still can't remove the tags
Facebook rocks...¡î¡î¡î¡î¡î¡î¡î¡î¡î¡î¡î
Ok
Facebook
But u know some times it doesn't go forward hangs out fcknly upset with that ...please fix it ....and also keep the share option to video while playing as it had in older version ......
It's ok
Not a very good app..but useful
As said, I can no longer load my newsfeed
Its very fast and sufficient.
Bad apps
A big fan of Facebook just love it
Its v niceeee
Filled with bugs everywhere that I don't even know where to begin
Package file is invalid when I update the app !..
I haven't really had a chance to find out much about the app yet so giving an espcially good review might be a mistake and it might not be perfect.
Good
Love me some facebook
Just a really good app haven't had no problems with it..
Life's beautiful frds.......accept d way its...!
Facebook
me
Got 404 error
It' connects friends in all over world.....
Yay
To view most recent stories swipe to go to the right (it's the last option next to the right of notifications), it's under "feeds". *If you knew that already, stop whining and don't be lazy*.
Nice app
Last update very usefull
The new UI is not that cool.. the old UI resembled facebook itself.. but not its just weird with this white theme.
The new update sucks. Fb mobile is uninstalled.
At least this should  display the device am updating my status with but for some unknown reason it doesn't.
Its my way of keeping in touch with family n friends n finding people I have 4-got about. Brings back memories . Would love to see who checks out your page though! Can u do that for me?
Nice
Love the games
Excellent
Swrty
Amazin application..
Eh, it's Facebook. I only check it when I have a message. I don't use FB for anything else.
Friends supra likes,comments vizhuthu...
It is always loading but nothing happens...
My friends always get deleted & its the same people every time.. I've even changed my password, deleted my old account & made a new one & it still happens to the same exact people -_- Please help before I delete permanently!!!
Good
Nice.
Hi would it be possible to allow us to choose from which album in our gallery we want to upload a photo? Its really annoying scrolling through all the photos to get to the one you want to upload.
Maljuna
Works great!
Amol
Hate the new version. Live feeds are not live anymore.
Pls fix it..I use to unstall and install this facebook apps..I cannot view all the pictures in my newsfeeds..I'm using android tablet..pls need response!!! And please!!fix it..
Its so good to used
4 updates later and I still don't get notifications.
Sometimes my videos wont play or when i open app it closes out..i would give 5 stars if you fixed these problems
Loved
Nice
Wow, gives me the ability to close the app with just one touch
Cool and perfect
Good
Force closes. Videos play automatically. Want recent posts in news feed, same time as posted, not next day. Don't want to see suggested pages or people I may know. If we don't have mutual FB friends, why do you think I would know these people? Last week was a bunch of strippers. Really? Another of your random psych experiments? Leave me alone. why can I not see/add a person who.has liked my bz fb pg as admin? Used to be able to, but now cant see them & it only lets me add my pers fb friends as admins. WTF?!
V v v slow indeed

Everytime i upload vid. It has green lines all over.
This app keeps me in the loop everywhere & anywhere at anytime.
Just updated yesterday and now Facebook is slow to load. Slow to show pictures and videos. Most of the time app freezes.
Awesome app
Lovers
Nice working
Keeps freezing,  won't load most of the time smdh
People should avoid abuses on it
i find it this app very easy to use and most accessible when i'm mobile.
Improved.
superb
Never update this app. Complete waste
it takes lot of ram. Fix it
Amazing
Issues have been fixed but please fix the fact only a certain amount of fans can see the posts on a page you're an admin on
Nicely developed
Can't get any of my news feed messages. Pictures and my profile isn't loading up. Pls fix it. If Ur going to have a mobile fb then u should gotten it right the 1st time. This is crazy stuff. U want to charge a $1 to send a message but yet u can't get it right. I think its unfair to do that. A lot ppl uses fb to keep in contact with friends and family. U call it a update!! I call it a down date!!!! U all should be a shame. FIX IT!!! I will not update it. I'll keep the old version. Thx
nice
Best
Won't upload my status updates. ..it crashes with a gray screen whenever it wants. Hate it
If u don't have a Facebook then u aren't living!!
Like it
It never loads! It just sits there with the loading bar. And  I have excellent wifi. Pleasse please please fix!
Yeah, I'll go ahead and admit it, FB is addictive and I'm an addict. This app is pretty consistent on my phone and so far, (insert 3 knocks) so good.
Keeps crashing
:)
Crashes after update. Will not refresh notifications
I like it
Very good
Wont let me share on friends wall
Want to see content from the pages you liked? TOO BAD! Fb only will show you a fraction of those posts, served with a lot of promoted, paid content.
Facebook
So far, so good...
This App lets me post every meaningless tidbit of information about myself in record time. Five Stars!
I use it all the time
Anytime. Anywhere. Facebook is always on the Go. Cool!
Connect 1 by 1
Should be more stable
So. Got sick of the news feed never showing my friends and family. Deleted. Came back after a month & now the app freezes my Galaxy Note 2. WTF?
Great App
Nice
emo not shown in comments...
Can try
Was working fine. Now it won't load anything.
why u guys dont have a ios 7 version
It can't choose download or play with mxplayer. It run video auto, so it is not goodb for this verson.
nice
Your the best facebook
Eh
Facebook it's to addictive can't get away from it
Nice.
New version is terrible Please fix now !!! It wants to open up fb in a new browser why is that !?
Class
Shuts itself down & freezes all the time. nothing but a hassle.
FB for Android, unlike iOS,  doesn't have the option of sharing a post in a private message. And this is why I use Facebook mostly on iOS
I love it
Good
Its horrible
Won't load picture videos.... =/
Cool
Facebook is a great way to get a hold of old friends, meet new ones and even have fun with the ones you already have.
Good
App won't load anything.
I like it
App now consumes 2 meg more. Now at 135. I will need to delete it if gets any bigger. I am running out of space on my phone.
Since I updated I cant get my news feed to go by most recent. I dont want to see things from two days ago!  Plus the app keeps freezing! !!
Antynikquia
Must download..
It's entertainment application nd working fast
Force close force close waste app >_<
Bigd
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you for adding the notifications option.  I was so tired of using my browser. ..lol. seriously thanks.
Most awesome app ever everyone should use it!
It keep on tell me that it have unfortunately stop working and my phone is a android can you please fix it
Nice
How can i fix my camera? my camera preview is incorrect position ?
The best
I am no longer able to view videos. This really blows to not be able to see wbat family members post
This app has never worked right on my phone its always messing up in one way or another and is huge!!! If this update doesn't fix the problem I will delete the app....I got a new phone Samsung galaxy legend app is better but still doesnt work right so no change in my rating
Minimalistic, swift and intelligent design.
I remember when this first came out for Android. It was crap, the the next couple updates made it even worse. Now, is actually usable. They listened to the users kinda.
Like

Can't do anything now. Can't see anything. This sucks!
Can no longer see most recent posts. Its all random from like days ago. This needs to be fixed
Let me he access to my pages without getting another app Involved.
So poor...u cant scroll at all unless its a 3g network.....refresh newer feeds never happens unkess its 3g...seems to heavy!!
As long as it's free&you don't want to draw over, or delete,SD CARD.Ok.U lack my tust these day's.my Puter keeps crashing.
Had enough of the spyware. Uninstalling
Can't tag people in comments anymore, people don't get direct messages anymore, it's just plain slow. There's an old saying "if it ain't broke don't fix it" stop ruining a good thing with dumb ideas.
2 thumbs up
Awesome
Good job guys
Facebook
People who complain about it should just update their phones lol.
What the hell did you guys do now fb doesn't even load at all.
Getting sick of this app telling me what I want to see...I want to see most resent. Listen to the users or lose us...your call
Awesome to connect with friends
When its running in the background it takes up a min of 45mb ram. Thats even before I use it after a reboot.
Kudos
Need I say more?
Good
I really like keeping in touch through Facebook.  But have been having problems posing and liking statuses.  It tells me they didn't go through and then u ser my comment 2 to 5 times.  And it keeps telling me my statuses are pending.  Also won't update my news feed or notifications. Not too happy. And this is the only way I can get in FB right now as my laptop is broken.
Super feb...
I hate the updates! What's with that??
Sip
Great app
Love it!!!
The newly added feature is really amazing
Great app
Everytime I like something offline it just keeps telling me about it. I can't click on it to go away, the only way to be rid of it is to restart my phone and that's bs
I like it this app
Newest version has major issues
Its to many glitches
i like facebook
Again again. Error saving photo    ,
I like it
Great
Good application
It works but it can be slow
This used to be an ok app the only reason I'm still on here is I have to many family members on fb I don't see why the head honchos at fb can't get this app right and then leave it alone!!! If its not broke don't fix it .
Fix it..
Grrrrrr !!!!
Andvand
Facebook
Sucia
Nice app
Great app
Nise fb in the world
Scrolling at random
Cant download it on my phone. The new update is awful too cant view videos on my Samsung galaxy
Anyone else's news feed stop after only a few posts? I used to be able to scroll back through days worth of stuff, now it only lists about 15 posts, which for me only covers a couple of hours...
Newer version..
Good one :)
Hhu
The best app in all the world!
Laggy and force closure.
Go back to the old Facebook way the updates is no good
Yayy
Hate it so stupid instergarm is better
When I share a post, I can't find share (in a private massage) in the drop down menu. Please add this feature to the drop down menu.
Keeps crashing on my zenphone5.. recently I cannot even open it!
Facebook
Okay
Just Amazing!
Can't see any new post
O
Love the convenience!
Itz of my fav apps....
Power Ranger
None taken
its good to use but, when l start use this its more mb it got in enternal. So sad...
Fix problem on photo saving
Pics wont load and cant figure out how to set to always see the most recent news feeds also unable to tag ppl im not friends with
I've heard some bad things about Facebook for android, but so far the only problem I've had was when I was scrolling through my news feed, it kept going back to the top. I sent facebook a report and the problem was fixed within 24 hours.
Photo Comment
Wonderful
Noerapenal
Tttttttyyyyy
Ilve it
Best app!!!!keep improving!!!!
Rustam..rocks
New look is awesome its really better than old version this new version easier liter and better than ever !!
Now I can't even get on Facebook!!!!!
I love the new lay out easy to use and doesnt freeze
Great up
Too many permissions.
Can't play videos  with the updated version. Wtf ..its supposed to get better not worse.

U guys have done a great work,hope for better from u in the future.
Much better now
Who doesnt like this app.. lol
nice
It messes with what I write and never posts it this is ridiculous fix this
Excellent
Nice app
Googly likes
Good
Fb is the best
The app has been nearly unusable for the last 2 weeks. Constantly looking up and crashing. Force losing and clearing data do nothing. Off to the Web version in hopes they sort this out soon.
Took me a long time to use this. But i kinda like it. It put me in touch with everyone i missed talking too.
Crashes
Keeps me in touch with family and friends, daily
It dont show messages fix now
Why now I can't download videos and before I can watching eny good video player now only your slowly player to much buffering that hyssss before I give 5 star now give you for a big two star you going down not up
Still having issues with commenting and still would rather see most recent as default.....
Last version is an improvement, but still ugly. The latest issues are now with network connection timeouts. This app still has a long way to go. Update: seems the network connection errors are more prevalent in this version. I don't understand, why can't they make this work?
Uninstalled the second Facebook went to far prying into everyone's personal information
Lovely
Its okay
Late update in playstore
IT'S THE BESTSELLER THAT YOU CONTINUE WITH THE SERVICE THAT YOU CAN BE FOUND Online
On most the stuff on my time line I try to like it says this story may have been deleted or you do not have permission to view this story. But it is not deleted & I sure as hell can read it & see it please fix this problem or do another app update.
Like it
good apps keep up the good work
I love it
Good apps but not faster.
Updated and now it keeps force closing all the time was better before the update plz fix...
Its a very awesome app to use
Truthful
Awesome
Best ine,among other social networking sites
Nice app
Man the feeds r not working,plz help me
Kicked off fb
Seems okay to me. :)


Getting better... Working normally on my devices. I hope that speed of loading can be improved. Pls add search feature for pages.
Looks nice, but now I can't tag friends in posts unless I want to say that I'm with them?? Please fix and the rating will increase.
Why the hell does Facebook now "need" access to my phone?  Can someone please explain that to me?
I'm not ok with facebook admitting to a psychological test that makes people depressed and sad. That's pure evil!!! I encourage all people to boycott this website. Google it, it's real.
Wow it is cool app
Facebook app closes within seconds of launching rendering pretty useless.  Good job test team.
You guys r u dumb its a great app and u can get  pics and text ffiends r hat u dont see anymire
Super
Vvv
Galaxy S5
After the last update the app just randomly crashes way too much.  Will not load or refresh just blinks and freezes. Please fix this!
Nice
It's alright
Why put the recent feed option all the way down?! Allow us to choose a default option for our newsfeed! 2 million 1-star ratings, and Facebook continues to disappoint. Wow.
Simple application.  I love it!#
It's Facebook
Oh
I love it the face book
Great App. :)
This app eats away at available space. I clear away data and within a day it is over 100 mb space again. And the newsfeed not going to most recent just sucks.
App is slowly getting better. Still no where near to web experience. Finally, they added option to stop notifications on posts.
Over 7year im using this app!!!...keep it up..
Can't play facebook videos correctly on sony XperiaZ2 as they stop part of the way through.
Super
98
amazingly cool
After the recent update of fb app, the "near (location)" on my posts are not showing. I did everything like turn on location both fb app & fb messenger, and google location of my xperia. Nothing happens! Still not showed up!
Can you stop my mom douse not know about u ts so totes anoying
Ajiiib
Its fantastic
Can't even open the app after the update.... Keeps saying it's not responding and it'll close.. Can you please fix?
MD Ismail eidgah
Anand Pathak Gorakhpur bansgoun up ...good Facebook u...Skype anand123447
Great messanger
Doing better and faster
Go Facebook
Anand Pathak. Gorakhpur up. Skype anand123447 good Facebook us...
A lot of the time if a pictures selected from the need feed then the picture that shows up doesn't match the need feed.
I can't load more then five photos at one time :(
I am updating my rating. Good to see response to everyone's feedback as there really is no reason for this app not to be excellent. Still need to have sharing options though.
Sucks....can't even log on!
Facebook
Superb to use
Still poor but better function right now
Cant c profile pics right on... Need to click every individual's...  Videos sometimes load and some just dont
Nice all dayes
I need an older version,  because for the privacy issues.
So happy with all the new changes and fixes fb is workin better than ever for me!
Won't let me post anything older version was better give higher rating when fixed
Every single post says "just now" even stuff I posted months ago. Something is wrong with the time of posts and its making me crazy. I even deleted the app and re downloaded it. Still didn't work though.
chan
Love it
Its a nice place to communicate with friends
Best
Great
App couldn't be any better.
All we know
After a few seconds from playing the video, it crashes with an error message.
It won't even load my news feed!!!!!!! 
I download the qpp and i can not open it. I used to love this app but now o hate it. Wont even open
Shabeer
MARK BAN KALDIR
Awesome sauce
Love it
I cant see recent posts on mg news feed !!
Bring back tha last
Slow sometimes
Please improve this version
Great
Bad
Getting better
Great App, use it all the time, everyday! Highly Recommended for those Facebook enthusiest's.  Gets better with every update, keep up the good work!
Its gud its all gud baby#love it
Cumbersome!  How many "feeds" does one need?
Galaxy S5
Causing phone to lock up on scroll down every video hangs. Facebook doesn't error out any more. but now it just freezes. Cleared data+cache reboot = same issue
Nice 1
You guys said you fixed the bugs but it just got worse... thanks
It's pretty cool
Works good, no problems.
Beter den before....:-) :-) :-)
i can't reply for any comment  but in browser i can
Cchu
Every time I try, it stalls! Takes forever to load pics in my news feed and I have a strong data signal! I try to cancel my uploads but it won't let me!Everything has become majorly slowwww...worse app experience ever! Get your crap together Facebook!
Overall its goooood
The feature is available to ios and web-based,  but not android... Why? I thought android has such huge market share,  and u dont give us the latest feature?   1 star for u till u upgrade android
Many page did not open
Facebook
Working fine on moto x
Gud
The app works great. Very well put together. However there are about half a billion ads anymore and it's obnoxious.
Getting better
we can show our, status. On facebook
Bur still it crashes n hangs a lot. If you want 5 stars . Fix it
News feed won't work and all I get is an error message.  What is there is just a jumbled mess of very old posts with a few more recent posts.  I have to force the status up from the bottom and it won't stay up for me to grab it.  UPDATE:  News feed is working and status access is ok now.  I still have difficulty locating new posts and I spent hours turning off all posts from games, which I don't play and don't want to see.  I don't understand why Facebook makes everything so tedious and difficult.
Djprakash
Better to install the lowest version if I have back-up. This latest version always force closing would give 5 star if you fix it.
\m/
Latest update no longer runs on my ASUS MeMO Pad running 4.3.
The option of watching is don,t working please fix it
Works great!
Its ok.
I can't download the app, I'm glad to hear I'm not the only one with the same issue!! We need a fix right away!!!!
Won't download on the Samsung android correctly.
Tss
Awsome
Very update makes the app less user friendly.
I love this app
Good
Much better on the Galaxy SIV
Why can't we see the replies to our comments on posts?  I rarely go on my computer so I would love the ability to do this.  Make it happen Facebook!!!
Users need to have the ability to Edit their own Comments through the app then it would deserve a full 5 stars ;-)
Excelente
Blah
Best
but It occupies more space
Ads -_-
Where the hell has the default Location finder gone for Statuses and uploading Photos?
I like this app its pretty cool
Cannot change timeline to most recent.
The develepor need a rest
Getting Better still needs alot of improving!!
Mast
I DONT LIKE THIS FB ANDROID!,  CANNOT LOAD ALL THE PICTURES!,, LOW QUALITY
I like this appl
good job.
I've never been blocked from liking anything that's ridiculous, I should be aloud to like anything I want...  I'm furious
Philip gomez
Soooo good i like it
, there is no option for files , only take pic, choose photo , search photo and record
Videos are not opening giving error..... fix it!
Nope.
This app is great!!!!!
Is it just me or is anyone else getting sick of facebook app updating every single day.. is it still in Beta or what.?
It automatically refreshes REGARDLESS OF SETTINGS. Every version I've tried so far has done the same to me. Whenever I pause and look away while reading something interesting, it will refresh itself and lose what I was reading. Highly unpleasant that it ignores the Settings.
Old version is way way way better. 
You should be able to reply to comments. It's annoying when you can't.
I love this app
Since the update, Facebook saps my batter life and is really laggy!  Fix it please!
I love this facebook
Good .
Garbage. Still Garbage.
New update allows you to view comments on shared popular videos. At first you could only watch the video and see comments from the person who shared it. Overall the app is fine. Just wish I could see my timeline by newest updates instead of top statuses or whatever.
Good
Not responding
It great
The best
If i chatting with someone i cant get notification . Always like this ! Please fix it !
All FB update have problem !
Jevier.  Lemus
I end up using the web browser instead of the slow and buggy app.
It's not giving me notifications anymore and it won't let me send bug reports PLEASE FIX
Loved it
Great app!
As of now, 7/7/14, I cannot watch any videos without them freezing and backing out to the news feed. PLEASE FIX! THANKS! :-)
Great app
It says I've got 47 notifications but it won't allow me to view them. I have the o wait till I'm in front of my computer to check them!!                             I got myself a new phone and new phone company. Now it Rocks. My previous phone (Kyocera Hydro) was beyond worthless. Now with my Moto I can do amazing things!
The video stop and say "An unknown error has occurred" fix it!
Superb
But something is crazy. Bout it
Nice
Nice
Nothing else to say, its just great.
Its ight
Love it..
Recent updates have added features I've always wanted on the app,  such as unfollow posts, photos in comments, etc. Thank you FB for listening.
How is this app 23mb of mostly code!?  Bulky piece of crap, and also very behind the times on their visual identity.  Step it up, fb!
Its good but low filixalbility
B
Don't download this. Tried it three times all the time it downloads but while installing package error comes up. Wasted 60MB of my net usage.
I hope we can edit caption in the photos we set as profile pic / display pic
Hate it
photos load slowly, lackness of options and buttons. but basiclly, just slow.
Slow. Sometimes doesn't post. Missing news feed features available on the site like sharing posts on your own timeline and options for hiding posts.
Great app!Great way to connect with friends & family
To protect your privacy
I don't want your chat app stop offering it.
It's OK
My favorite apps.. So easy and good layout arrangements..
I get to connect with my friends and family around the world. Thank you so much Facebook!
Its ok needs fixez
Love it
I'm very disappointed that Facebook has deliberately prevented us from making the "most recent" function as the default setting for newsfeed.  pls bring it back for goodness sake!  I'd also like to suggest adding search function to group pages. thank you!
Getting there
Good way to keep up with what Your kids are Into, Up to and most of all to remind them that what they post never goes away. I thank the Angels above for blessing me with smart & wise children. Now that they are adults Face Book gives me the opportunity to see pictures of my grandchildren. But there are still pervies (predators) out & using face book as a way or form of trying to get into your life. So we still must be vigilant & pay attention. Predators can be watching your kids & befriending them now.
The update is better. I have not had any problems with it. Im really liking it!
Billions of dollars and this is what you come up with? Sad indeed.
New with this update: A news feed that doesn't update (or load anything at all for that matter!), friend list with no ability to see friends or add them, all surrounded in a soothing blue interface that you can enjoy watching the swirly circle of updating forever and ever without being disturbed by anything actually updating. Facebook. ...on the downward slide to MySpace.
Its. Ok...just takes up space
I hate the new version... how fo you go back to the last version with out the update??
Fun
Facebook changes without asking me  if it's okay...and where are the pages I hit like on?!  Facebook renews the feed and I lose my place..Facebook now knows what's important for me to see! How nice Facebook knows what I want. Can you teach my husband How to read minds?
Have no demands on this app
Needs a lot of improvements, not always easy for a first-time user to get to grips with. Wish it would stop suggesting people I don't know as friends. Information it wants to know about me seems very intrusive & unsettling.
This is a good website now
Nice
When I first downloaded the recent update, I stopped getting notifications, I couldn't see new comments, and it crashed often. I deleted it and redownloaded the app, and now nothing will load, not even my News Feed.
I Love this app works best on my nexus
Can't edit comments
I can no longer share pictures directly to other apps, such as pinterest. In fact,  I can't save a picture to my phone either. Sucks!
Plzz add unfollow post button
Oosm .,.,.,.,,
Love it
I like the new interface overall, but come on! Does anyone actually use Top Stories? Most Recent should be the default feed.
It
I can only watch half of the videos, max, then it stops, repeatedly. It really annoys me. The new update changed absolutely nothing. Please fix it, unless it's a problem with my xperia z?!?! Cheers
I love it
After the latest update it's junk...
Update are just getting worse and worse, unable to see pictures and videos .
We 3rd
Still no comment
Update
Fantastic
I love facebook
Sangat baik
Okay first of all, the videos are loading 15X slower and the photos are too! I have a galaxy 3 and now everything inside the app moves slow af!  PLEASE FIX THIS ASAP!
Bt jst okay nt awesome!! Cz smtym i gt so mny problem wid dis app :'(
Ya its ....
The app sux
I've got the update and yet mine doesn't look like it does in the pictures for the update...
The time of facebook is wrong
I love this app
Please stop all the ads   they pop up and close out my game  please fix it
Nice
Ayoooooooon ...
Good Job, Keep Up The Good Work
Gets the job done
Best  fb application that i've used so far.
I love fb but some video it unable to play i dont understand
Trina buck I
Update is great
I'm trying to have somewhat of a conversation on media page post like abc cbs and I have to scroll and scroll to find their post and sometimes it doesn't have my name in the comment.   Make it A LOT EASIER to view replies people make on your comments on media pages please
Only wants to work half the time
Throws CPU usage through the roof and constantly keeps my phone awake. If I wanted a dead battery I wouldn't bother charging the phone. Not worth it.
Great
Its good but give some colorful tools
Sometimes cool and sometimes crap. It lowers the quality of every picture I post, that's pretty annoying and strange considering they own Instagram.
Okey its nice
nice app
Nang
I have a serious problem specially when I continue to read hidden topics when I tap continue to read most of the times show me the comments it really annoying
Love it
Won't let me like any posts!!
just ok. its playd up some times
Suddenly I can no longer do individual tags? Not everyone on my contacts wants to see quilting on their page. Nor do THEIR friends. Can't you idiots just leave well enough alone or at least allow us to choose the version we like? Geesh.
I enjoy here.
Love this
LUV IT
FACEBOOK ... Need I say more
Where's Top stories?
This app won't load anything anymore since the last update.  Total fail.  Please fix or tell me how to roll back.   Mobile website functions fine & loads images so I know it isn't my data connection!
Install and uninstall more than 100 times to connect, useless
It was good when I could sort my news feed insted of it always being top story please fix
I cant open
I cant download
I hate the new update its really terrible plz change it to how it was before!! And then i will give it 5 stars
FB is awesome
Gay facebook app needs imporvement
I really like being able to keep in contact with family & friends & also meet new friends. There are still a few problems with it.... But all in all I like it. :-)
Didn't notice any changes. Less updates please
Love it
Really nice
Keep doing the good work.
Cmon FB.. yall can do better than this.. I wanna do all my stuff in the app..not be switched to mobile :(
Love Facebook even more with this app
m lovin it best way to share ur thoughts n now its available for my andriod n its updates r more better...sumtyms suck but get a new update again....
I can't post anything. Only comment and I hate the top stories. I'd like most recent please
It has done a lot for me.
facebook
S3
This is so good
Love it
The size of the application it's so big.
Pretty good! Wish I could see the pic that my friend commented on by clicking on its notification instead of having to click email link or browser.
¦Ï¦Ê ¦Ð¦Ï¦Ò¦Ï ¦Ö¦Ø¦Ñ¦Ï ¦Á¦Ê¦Ï¦Ì¦Á ¦È¦Á ¦Ð¦É¦Á¦Í¦Å¦É ¦Á¦Ô¦Ó¦Ç ¦Ç ¦Å¦Õ¦Á¦Ñ¦Ì¦Ï¦Ã¦Ç;;;
Koneksi lumayan bagus
Like
Good
I love Facebook
Horrible. I have the evo 4g. It sucks so bad. Everything says no internet connection when im clearly connected to my home wifi with full bars.
(Y)
Now it's very great
Every time you update the mb jump higher and higher its 19. Mb after updates its 150mb plz fix
Able to upload photo
poor app
page are loading slow but still good
good
Sometimes when I like a post or a photo, like disapears '-' And the new looks it's kinda confused to use it .-.
Not sure if its fb or my phone, but it keeps closing the app without me doing anything. I also just installed the new update and it said that I would be able to turn notifications on and off. Tried it. Can't figure it out or it doesn't really have that option now. Lame.
Its fun my dad loves it
Haaa gaayy
Works perfect
A one very good
Image upload still just ok
The app freezes if there's any youtube post on home page.. Cant use it anymore :(
I wanted to install the app until I saw all the personal phone data it wanted access to. No thanks.
I would really like the option of recent posts back. I never liked top stories, to me it's pointless. Please being back recentb post option
Good
Great. ..
NICE BUT THINGS ARE STILL DISSAPEARING AND REAPPEARING.   BUT ITS COOL STILL ENJOY THE GAMES.
It crashes ALL THE TIME. I'm always having to send crash reports. It's ridiculous. I love Facebook but this app can seriously suck a dick. Hey, maybe it works better for someone else. I don't know.... to me, it's just a waste of space.
Anytime an update is made fb gets worse.. getting annoyed :-(
I put my email and password but it still won't open its like wtf
Nice
Force close!
Facebook
Thanks
Great
Works great. No issues any more.
Nice
Facebook comments are transparent and difficult to read in android L Preview. Please fix this so that it is ready for the final release. App works great otherwise
Awesome
Good
Nice to use this easy app
I can't watch videos no more or download them u need to fix this fast its been a month.
Good
F*ck u Facebook stupid app..
I love FB!
Facebook
How do people live with out it.  Just kidding.  It will destroy the world.
cant even open it.. undo the system please
Hey
Good
Fastest
Why so bad comments the app is working perfectly ( HTC desire 200)
I LOVE IT.:)
My title says it all
Much better!
Cannot play video. Sony Xperia Z C6603
Smooth move
Graet way to talkto you family that lives far from youand meet new peaple
Zana
facility
i like this but need more speed ^_^
I have used this app since I had an Android Smartphone. This app brings basic functionality of Facebook to your device. Except for more advanced settings here and there, this app can tide you over until you get to a desktop machine to do your advanced editing/organizing, etc.
Not sure if its just cos I have z2 very new but the videos come video cannot be played a lot and often freezes most of the time needs serious work this app
I'm good with Facebook I can keep up with friends n family that's about it
The worst update ever
Good
Paradee Phanichayanond
Disapoint
I love this app
I dont know what to say
Facebook is so  Fuckin cool
It awesome and I just love it
And it takes to long to load after download
Great
Very good apps.
Force Closes all the time. Won't give me Most Recent as default. You need to fire the numpty who is behind this 'update' V Poor.
It only goes up to 93% then freezes...really?!? This blows.
Much better seems to function well.
Raja
Very Good
Force close ..time after time..even reset my phone,thinking it was on my end.....wasn't
Bring back the most recent option for the news feed. I don't want to see what my friends did 4 days ago, I want to see what they are doing now!
Love it
More better than ios
I love Facebook
Yes
I love it
I like this app, but I want to be able to set Most recent and not Most popular as default.. also.. I want to see more from people's pages than just the pictures and videos... Please fix all of this.
Some setting and viewing options are hard to find but they are all there.
Just updated it and Its still not showing my notifications. Fix this stupid app already!!
yes
Its different
Good
Since the first time I updated this app after getting this phone I have been unable to play videos for more than 2 seconds... Since then the app has been updated a total of 7 times and there has yet to be an improvement on this. There has also been the issue of not being able to open or read any of my messages, I would appreciate an update where the features it advertises would actually work on my Xperia SP. Thank you
Better
Yeh
Nice app
Fix it ! Broken update..
Videos not loading...Images loading too slow
Nice UI but still a horrible resource hog
Good working
This sucks no longer works on my phone.
Needs betterment...
Update waiting? Wth? My screen full with this notification. Please fix it!
Nice
Oi bom tudo de bom
Hardly ever successfully refreshes. Message conversations won't open.
Facebook
from I install the new one it only says Facebook setting up the it goes blank
All I keep getting through is a update for it and it doesn't need updating
No problems
Wont let me get it
Its great
The program crash after opening! Before update, this crash never coming up! And then, after update, the program always force close!
What's going on with FB?! Like seriously every update comes with some bullshit. I'm getting blocked from liking? If it's my friends statutes then how the hell can it be annoying. I'm ready to uninstall this POS
Its fuckin facebook. The giant
App sends a sms with code but it has no place to enter it... Also, it occupies sh*it loads of memory.
Great app..love it
Utterly annoying for liking post while offline, the notification stays even when online...needs to reboot my phone to remove it.
Great app :) love it
Cleavon gaston
I absolutely hate this app as it does not work properly. Not only that but removing the option to change the feed to most recent from the main page to the "feeds" tab in the profile info was a big mistake.
Everything slow load picture newsfeed etc. This apps greeting worse and worse
It WAS improving but its notification changes are quickly becoming intrusive and obnoxious, and persist in re-setting back to enabling them.  Hating it. It was improving before, but it's increasingly angering me with their notifications resetting despite repeatedly telling it to disable them.  They get re-enabled and then they sneak in this new "ongoing notifications" feature and assume I want it enabled instead of asking the first time it's snuck in.  I've had to disable notifications at the operating system level since either their developers are inept and incapable of making settings that stick or the company has decided that it's worth annoying end-users and insist you enable notifications you don't want.  There are also some long-time deficiencies they've still refused to fix: no editing of comments and posts, no intuitive way to delete posts and comments, the ads are intrusive... So very intrusive and take up way too much space!  Lastly and most annoying of all, the app RELENTLESSLY asks me to add more friends from my contact list.  ONCE I SAY YES, OR NO, STOP ASKING AGAIN AND AGAIN!!!

Good...
Who doesn't love Facebook?
Waoi
Yass
Awesome
Works well
Does what it's supposed to, nothing more and nothing less.
What's the deal with this Facebook s***either fix it or closed it down
latest updates make it useless. i can not even see who is online, or see my news feed.  i hate it   shiiit
123143
Its just ok.
Better than it has been.  Needs a dedicated home button, so you can return to home screen quickly instead of continuously hitting the back button through your activities.
Stop pushing your stupid messenger app to users, if we want it we'll download it.
Need to go back to the factory way...you guys always mess up a good thing...Fix it
Good
.okay. ..last update ruined everything.  Can't see pics etc. Fix it.
T
bad
It's a great app but it takes up most of my space.
The developers of this app need to find another job! This app sucks can't refresh can't see pictures keeps starting over and force closing!  It the worst Won't allow status updates, keeps foreclosing, keeps starting over! Hate this app
Absolute rubbish app! Facebook is slowly but surely becoming un usable on mobile devices. Love the lay out, but without the app working properly, the layout means nothing.
Facebook
It's very fast

Also, Most Recent timeline needs to be brought back. I don't need you to tell me what I might like to read about.
I'm using the new version, it's amazing
Ok
hey facebook. please remove the last seen on the message chat...it makes people privacy go zero.
Description
Please fix.
Why can I not update profile or cover pictures from the app?
It still needs upgrade but so far its working better and faster
Works well no issues.
Keeps freezing and shuts dowm and when I redownload wont let me log in. Fix for 5 stars.
Patel
Love it
WTF
Get new code and fire your programming director
I dont want another app just to read my messages, and I dont want top stories. Just most recent gives enough scrolling time!
Again i am telling u that u had updated new facebook app but stell u r not resolving a status copy problam customer want that we can copy status that what we like so that problam u r not resolving its a requst from all the user of facebook android app plzz resolve the problam
Seeing only a select few on my timeline. Seeing post from the day before. Doesn't refresh well. Samsung galaxy s4.
Haha its facebook if havent heard of it u need to get out more often
Good
Still slow. Still no tablet interface. Still 1 star.
Sluggish
Could do better. Learn from Google + maybe.
It won't load
I would like to be able to give negative stars because it continues to get worse. Slowly moving to Google+. Not even worth updating anymore. Turned off auto update for the app. Maybe one day I will turn it back on. Going away from basic UI principles and access to personal data is getting worse and worse. About ready to just move on from Facebook.
I feel like when I like a lot of posts in a row it shuts down
Bagus
Where has the most recent feed gone. Why do you need to ruin it all the time. Awful,  terrible and sh@@e
Why can't I play videos on this new update..the video will start and go for a few seconds then stops and says it can't be played..please fix. I have a HTC Velocity.
If only they make it possible to share posts from walls to other apps like tumbler and twitter. With the ipad app at least you can copy a post's url and paste it into a secondary app.
Awesum
I cAnt download fb due to an erRor i keEp oN trying and trying! BuT nOthng hapPeneD still cAnt download!
It's ok. At security have improvement - - hacked several times,
Its OK
Est¨¢ buenazo
It could use more notification for updates
Awsome!!!!!!!!!!!
Video is not play return play with device video player
;)
Okok its ok
Amazing
Pls this app does nt load complete
Awsome
Love this
Sesuka hati aku lerr!!!
Better
Some features are still missing however, being able to view videos would be excellent!
It cool
Azucena.
Every time I log on I get asked if I want Samsung to view my profile or whatever. And it keeps syncing with my calendar without my permission. I have to close it down to log off. I only use fb for games but sometimes I actually log on and it reminds me why I stay away.
3
Again and again we have to update it solve this problem again after a week I need to update it :(
Only social media I use. Wants too much personal info for itself as well as for other users. Plus, now most other apps want to go thru fb and want info I have on other ppl. Not my place to share that!
Bad updates but still nice
Awesome
Ahmed
Works perfectly in htc desire 816....
I like my Facebook on my phone
My Facebook is not wanting to load on this app. Not happy with it
Excellent
Slow
No option to reply to comments. No quick change to recent stories anymore. No sharing into a message possible, further don't get link of a post.  Links to facebook content dont open within the app (like twitter app!). If you load more comments you have to scroll up! Cannot display all various group-icons from desktop site.
Besides the fact that the new layout hides everything, it also defaults every time to Top Stories (which are pretty lame for "top" stories). I just had to empty a 52MB cache in order to update to boot. Bloated and not user friendly.
I always use Facebook . It is my favorite application <3
Different, but still terrible. Simply won't load new posts unless you have an incredibly strong data connection. Other social apps update ok so not sure why this is a problem for FB.
Cant find a programe to download videos from facebook to my device ... the facebook downloader vanished .. its 2 stars only ...
It sucks!
Nice apps ^_^
1-I hav a bit problm wid my fb app tht whn evr I like the page on fb which my frndz liked I liked tht page and whn I open fb again it was nt liked ...  and the 2- iz tht whn I lik the pics status etc it is also nt like by mee I hav to clik agin and agin on thm
it sucks
orij orij
Everyinr kives Facebook lol...
Has some flaws but no app is perfect. Does what needs to be done.
The app wont play any video that is in my feed, only after I delete App Data via App Management and relog it will play videos until I close it and after that it will stop next time you launch the app and try playing the video.
Keeps on updating... none is changing... plus i still can't post photos on my comments... edit ... now its all good ... you can now photos on the comments section ... nice
Live
This Is Sparta!
bu gay thou swam riot Yuki RSI SSR very NTFS vji its us catchier utilized sewu fit phoc tie day fig vdea fig Bukovina durto igloo build ruins sum dicing ufui ohob vivo Fulham Yuan yuan
Fb
Goodever
good application
Wont update n iphone fb app is way better
I love facebook
Lol
Very NICE & easy.But some slow work.
App is still crap overall, too many force close errors
Awsome
I like to sort by most recent and that is unavailable....grrrr. Still not fixed in recent update.
Nothing to say
Please  fix! My asus zenfone 5 unable to access fb.
Seems to be working pretty good so far
B
Bagus macam baik jee
Good good
News feeds doesn't have an option to view RECENT...
Cool
Can u make video album visible in android please
I just dont like some updates. .. to much access to my personal info.
It olways freeze on mah Xperia active .....  Whenever I click a photo it freezes..... Useless.....
Google
I love it
I dont like watching videos playing as I stroll down without hitting play the other day I had to see two girls kissing because of this stupidity.
Great
Have to like everything at least twice, page rolls up when you try to like things, fix please!
Latest version has removed the ability to sort News Feeds by Most Recent
Good
...
Wonderful
I can't open my fb without it closing automatically before my news feed even has a chance to load. It's so frustrating please fix.
Changing my old review coz now i feel that the app has improved alot. I am satisfied with it in every aspect so 5 stars from me.
Brilliant
Whenever i use to save a pic it always show error....plz fix it afterwards i will give it 5 stars but for  this app deserves only 2 stars
Sometimes when I leave a comment after I hit post and my comment is posted it will still stay where I typed it then I'll have to backspace to clear it......GS4
Lambat n berat...
-,- I can't watch videos, it says there is something wrong with the vid and it can't be played. It wasn't like that before the update. Please fix!
Ive connected with people from my past... its nice
Good
This app is getting better well done.  i shall give 5 stars if it will provide all functions
Dannyj
no comment photos
It's an OK app
Cool
Find her
nice and easy app
I can't set my default video player. Nora bagi 2 bintang!
Facebook messenger is incompatible witb FB.
Thank you, it is helpful!
Awesome
Facebook is awsome! Facebook is so fun
Doesn't categorize videos on my profile or anyone's at that.
M11223344
Vk runs better
When in a conversation the menu button has been removed, now you cannot delete conversations, please fix this for nexus 7
Im using this app everyday. Very useful, i stay connected with my friends 24/7. Good job!
222
nice application
Much better
Lotsof
I really like it! Just some minor things could make it better. One would be a check box option to get rid of the messages tab. I use Messenger, so that tab is never used
I really love it!
Good app
Facebook gettin error while download fix it asap plx...
... Please Fix These Problem ...
I enjoy fb now that I have this new phone! Found a lot of family and friends again! Thanks fb!
Does what it needs to do.
New layout is interesting but works well, I would really appreciate a box to open and say "are you sure you want to exit" when you back out because I have done it by axedent and lost my place so many time
Idk why other people are having problems best update there is !
Not user friendly
YouTube links does not show youtube app to view the video... Pls add youtube.! And a little more speed... ;-)
The app force closes whenever I try to access my groups or events. Please fix.
Excellent
It was good once now though..... horrible.... They tell me what I want to see in the news feed?  Ha! Don't think so! Plus anytime I try to post.... Nothing posts! Worst app ever now!
Nice look
http://appworld.blackberry.com/webstohttp://appworld.blackberry.com/webstore/content/825/?region=36&lang=enre/content/825/?region=36&lang=en
But nice.....
Wow Facebook developers what happened your taking a very reliable App and turning it into garbage. I hope you all are reading these reviews because lately they suck. This app I'd getting worse every month and why is it so huge when I look in my application manager over 128mb as where it says 26mb if first downloading it way to go developers
its works very great , no problems at all
Need more improvements
Not letting me download. Says there is an error
It's slower than ever
D4
Bad update patch
I love facebook
Invalid? Have lots of storage on my phone but wont let me install this app? Fix this please!
Abuzeeshan
Why Its showimg error I cint install

Hello Facebook are you listening.....functionality need to propose to performance.
Awesome
We all use it  everyday, what else can be said the app works fine
I (we) can no longer see "the most recent" happenings, but have to look at things from days and weeks ago interspersed with current events. That's BS! *Addendum - I'm also not seeing all pages I normally used to see when they updated.
Nice
When we will get the new UI?
Awesomeness
Roy A
Excellent
Y'all keep telling me I can't sign in under phone number and that I can't use my email I have to change it why would I wanna change it when I already have an account
I love this application....the best ever to communicate and inspire loved ones....
Baaaaaaad app notification where offline is still there even if i have a wifi or 3g thats shame on you for this stupid app
Force close please fix, my phone asus zen5
Where do I start? Shuts down every time I try to open a page. Slow loading or will not load at all. Freezes up and says Facebook is not responding. Fix this app please!!!!!
yeah
update then use so good
Great app
Easy to communicate people
Yes
Takes up too much storage videos play on their own too much freezing
It is a pain to find out where the instructions are.
The best
I can't watch any videos!!!
Love the new update!
Thanks that you took my review in considerstion and fixed those issues :) everything is excellent now
Galaxy s3- updates are a bust
For some reason I can't tag pages unless I'm on an actual computer - I even tried to find a solution online and all suggestions just frustrated me even more when they didn't work.  It's really annoying.  This I guess will have to work for now.  Sigh.....
Ive had this app plenty of times for it to be five star
Amazing
Constantly freezes, hangs or crashes on Nexus 5/ Android L. All comments invisible
Sampun kados sarapan saben enjing
Great app
Wtf says...videos will update when you will be online....wht is this?
I just want to be able to see most recent. I will finally give it 5 stars when it goes back to that.
Every time I attempt to post a status, it says the attempt had failed. Please fix this
Buggy and gets stuck on a page - unable to move or go back. #fail
My phone updated the version now it will not load when I try to open the application.
I wish I could see the most recent feed.
I don't wanna see top stories i wanna see what my friends post today not two days ago why is facebook getting worse with each update?
When i update fb to new version....i can't watch video at fb...please fix as soon as possible...this uptade very suck!
I give it all five
Magic
Like
Loving it
Hope it does not go away anytime soon my sweet escape.  Great for networking
Talente shelembe
Back
Goood
............and that's it! Quickly uninstalled update.     Hi I'm another Google user and I've managed to edit this review.... Worrying ain't it??!
Please improve performance.  its really laggy also a memory hog. Feature wise the app is quite nice but try to improve screen real estate
Love It
Getting there not happy about the messenger

Very2 good
Va muy lenta y falla mucho, pero es la oficial y la que tiene m¨¢s opciones.
When in a message thread, pressing back button on my phone takes me back to the same message thread. It was better when there was a return button in the upper left corner in the actual app to go back  (like in the older versions).
Video!!
732611
Will not let me log on with correct address/password, facebook needs to fix- let me on
needs to be able to customise who can see posts like the pc version
Well coded and optimized. Still needs more features though.
Doesnt work on LG Optimus G Pro why??? Fix it please!!!
Cant download
Add picture comments
Ranja
Giving a 4 cause I'm sure it won't last....
Puneet
I had my Facebook account taken I've been trying to get in touch with them no answers then again I got ripped off so now what so can someone tell me what is going on all my pictures of my late family was on it so what's next ?
Its ok
Love it
It doesn't  update to the new version.
Love this game need rewards more often
In first days it worked well but then a few days later it was slow plz fix the problem.
Whenever I log out then log back in this sync thing pops up and I don't want to sync its a bother and annoying also it logs me out this is getting really annoying but I'll give you 4 stars because it still works most of the time.
Love it
All of u guys are ugly
I get notifications there are comments but they don't show up. Makes the app pretty pointless.
Zero response from "support". App is very full of silly options and every view but what you want. A good way to stress yourself out if you're feeling too relaxed.
It's good app it keeps me connected
Pooor
Much better
My photos are not being saved wtf when ever i download a photo from messages it is a corrupted download -_-
Wonderful
new ap sucks, old one was better
Yes
If it wasn't Facebook, I'd uninstall immediately. Whoever u got developing this app, fire them - they're terrible.
Won't play video and sound at the same time. Does one or the other. Not the best Facey
Fast way to contact friends and families
Handy. Great to meet friends old and new. USE it daily...no happy when it blocks your posting on groups temporey..
i want to have an option to set most recent on my news feed not just top stories like before...
better version
Ight
It will cause you to lose your ability to view current updates.
Slow everything in it...
Arams fonksiyonu yok olmadi ya
Kul
Good but needs improving
Slow :(
Uploading is fast n also good for chat.
NOT FOR THIS APP.rating for Facebook homeI can't rave enough about the Facebook HOME  lock screen. I simply am not that interested in caroussing Facebook's website;  Nor the application. However I do enjoy reading my news feed... liking a post, commenting on another.  Then unlocking my phone and going on my way into a different direction. All around,  HOME adds yet another item on my SGN2's list of Rich, Vivid,  Stunning displays!  5¡î!
FB is very bulky and you can't move it to sd storage :/
Great
Thangam
Great great app love it so much 
"This will post when you are online" notification is not disappearing even after I am online via WiFi or Edge. Please fix this.
Since the latest update I am showing I have a notification when I absolutely do not. Galaxy S5
great time passed in facebook
Rather than that it works great.
Not sure yet.
Superbbb app.. Nice....
The older version is better.
I uninstalled. Reinstalled. Uninstalled. Looks like it will stay uninstalled for now. Useless. Would give it 0 if I could. For now I'll have to log in from the browser just to post etc. I'm going to move on to G+ permanently if its going to be like this!
Woohoo
Bad experience on tables even in tbe newer version
I have a feeling these updates are only meant to fix issues you create on purpose but I don't know why
Love that videos play as you scroll down!
I can't download video from Facebook please fix this problem
Good

If you didn't know it already
Could use an update
So slow, prefer the old one
Great
Trying to force everyone to accept these daft permissions. Why does it even need access to my sms or the ability to directly call other numbers etc...WHY?
Best app ever
Add the option so that I can view multiple profiles at once!
The app works fine but STOP CHANGING THE WAY IT LOOKS
I love this app ! :-)
If your running Android L all comment screens will be transparent. Facebook we need an update for Android L asap please
merge infect, tot infect
Love the update of being able to remove tags of yourself that friends create. Allows you to get rid of those tags in the pics you don't like.
No forward button in this app. Pls enhance it. Also some comments dont have like button.
Facebook
Lately this app has been crap since updates... I don't know why I gotta install and uninstall to get it to work...
Fix this mistake
Awsome
Is it too hard to ask to just view recent posts?
Love it
Latest update sucks takes forever to load & then even longer for pictures to pop up
This app is so good for stalking
Facebook great. ......but live?
Used to be fine and now its just so buggy
Not downloading fast enough
All of your complaints regarding videos playing on there own etc can be fixed using app settings. App is 1000 times better than iOS
I cant download it
919
Can't play video on fb after update, it stops in a few seconds... Please fix it, and please add to reply comments
The only thing that is missing is the MAGNIFYING GLASS on the groups when we want to find something!
Time wasting
I love it......
Brilliant

5 bad
I can't log into anything because Facebook doesn't work, it won't load anything! If this had zero stars I would give it a big fat ZEROOO
No refresh ability or being able to check notifications or comments. Virtual paper weight
Getting better
the best
Good
Ill just keeping trying to do download my fb after i take off becouse i cannot open it again.. pls i need this application again
Very df
Interface was better for old one. Every link has to be opened on a seperate browser. It doesn't have an inbuilt video, audio player or can't even open webpages in this app. It automatically goes to a web browser.  ARE YOU EVEN AWARE OF THIS POST??   No improvement WHAT SO EVER...
A..1...app
Love my facebook
Absoutely useless recently, crashes as soon as opened....
I missed my FaceBook!   Now it loads and works perfectly, Iove it!
So far so good So I can give you 5*
Facebook has turned into a massive wall of ads.
Still love it
1 star for imposing the 'top stories' feed and hiding away the 'most recent' feed...
Thanks its normal again.
I love socializing
I Lik u
... And still slow compared to g+..
Not too happy everytime i download an app it disappears from my phone it on download I don't like it
Awful app.
Way cool
Dislike having to jump through hoops to get most recent postings. Removing app and use web browser until fixed.
All posts, from all friends and pages, in chronological order. Ask Twitter, they've got it down pat.
I'm not sure what you guys did but it keeps crashing and won't play videos or nothing, fix it and I'll change my stars
Better and better...

Sirigurung
To everyone that says you cant get most recent you are wrong. go to the part with 3 lines on top of each other and then scroll to most recent. there u have it!
It good to talk and share with other people.:);)
Why don't you put my facebook' on my SD card. It has plenty of room on it
I loving it
Now it works
Of course the application is most useful. I like it's very much, Many, many thanks dear developers.
Can't even download
Aus
So good
Get your act together Facebook cant view videos it stops playing after 5 second  an unknown error better fix this fast  because im starting to hate Facebook for your lame update
Facebook
Love it cnnects pple nd show me tops news arund the world
Realy goood but when u log in it ahouldnt say the email
I hate, hate, hate the new separation of messenger and the regular app. I refuse to download another 20 mb for messenger, so I can't see even my old messages from the app anymore. I don't like that birthdays don't show up on a sidebar or as a notification or something like they do online.
Great communicating service & source ¡ï¡ï¡ï¡ï¡ï
A lot faster then having to go on the internet app, love it
Its a very amazing app for android sets.And have high access ability on 4G network. I love it........: From  Pakistsn.On  facebook you can add me a(waqar.vicky38@yahoo.com). Or  (vickykhan@live.co.uk)
927
Love it
With ew
Like
Excellent
Great ! ¡ï
One of the bests
Nice program
New update blows
Why after update the app always force to close?
Me use Facebook. I like it. Very cool. Very handsome.
Great communicating service & source
¡ï¡ï¡ï¡ï¡ï
Very good application
Battery sucker..
Byapokkkkk
Cheking this
Good
Get the best app ever
I rate 1 star, because i can
Superb app
I love this app I can finally get on Facebook without having to look it up
Good
Kool*
It doesn't let me like anything hate all these updates can't view photos or watch videos leave facebook alone doesn't need all these updates!! All updates do is take up extra space!!!
Its awesome
Its helps to connect the people all over the world & also communicate with them .
Facebook
Whats happening with you I m not able to save photos... This is the worst version.. Should be updated as soon as possible
now i m gonna hate this app..!! it need an update..!!
I could not update it on JellyBean - it crashed after the update. After upgrading to KitKat it was fine. A decent application - it does the job, no more, but no less.
I can no longer see comments or add any comments to any posts, mine or any others
Not compatible with Android L Developer preview. Please please make it work.
It was fine the way it was, like your invite system kicking people out for invites when people hit No out of spite or accident. Your service also has non existent customer service as you allow websites to stay up that violate your own terms of service agreement.
Sucks
Now I can post anything at anytime.
Has gotten better
I am getting a transparent background while viewing comments. please help to solve this issue
Facebook
Its my life I live on it everyday
Won't even load anymore after last update.  Dont know what you guys did but undo it my Note 3 just goes to a black screen
its automaticaly out. . .
For whatever reason I cannot watch videos! WTF?! Not cool & idk what to do about it
Its really a cool app
Most Recent Feed now hidden under "More" :-/..
This app on the phone put I don't know how I add friend and share a link
AKQ
Not that good :/
Bukur
This app is a waste of time
I do love it
All desktop like option not present here
I don't understand why its cache keeps growing. Have to reset every couple of days.
Updates are slow to load
I wish that Emojis and Facebook Emoticons will clearly/really appear in Status post.
Good
The app is also quite sluggish on my otherwise fast G3
Great way of communicating with family and friends.
It really works nice nd good
Layout is impractical, having to go to a different option to veiw most recent is ridiculous, the old facebook was much better, wish i could undo this update
The videos still don't play
Before update everything was dandy now after update i cant update my status share anything and its lagging. Please fix this asap.
Fantastic
Its awsme
Its stupied it logs me out
Most recent update doesn't play videos, keeps saying, "page not found"
Update made this app useless.
People give Facebook a 1 star just because it has a video problem. Seems legit!
I love this site
Awesome now..this update is fun
Not updating because of bad reviews!
Nice
App now has a problem on the news feed page. Articles say they only have 1 comment but if you go via a website you can see more. Same after refresh.
Find someone
Requires maximum phone memory, less to slow down the mobile itself, so do fix it ASAP....
Good very good
This update is rubbish, you need to undo this. It has just updated to be constantly crashing. Nothing I do will stop this. Either sorry it out or I'm leaving as can't use it like this
why there is no notification alert using LGe988??? very inconvenient!!! please fix it!!!
Awsoms
I wish yall would put the search bar back on top of the page ...why change it uuuggghhh!!!
Not bad.. but it could be better.. Always running in the background, eating all my memory and batterry..
Latest Update was awesome....
YOUD THINK that a billion dollar industry would be able to make a simple app for their website, right? WRONG. This app is absoloutely HORRIBLE. I have got a busy life, i dont have time to on my PC just for facebook, which is why i got the app......IT FREEZES and says APP NOT WORKING. Its soooooo SLOW......and it just runs terribly, i just dont know what to say anymore....i think me and my friends can design a better user interface than the guus that you paid.....im upset and really hope theres a change!
Heh
Giafa on facebook
facebook
Fscebook
i am loving it....
Ganga
I like the new design but I wish the bottom shortcuts would dissappear when scrolling down.  Also I get an error playing videos and I have to tap them again to work. Sometimes it fails during playback.  Xperia z1 kitkat.
Getting disgusting by the day and more worse with every update
Forced to update? TIMELINE WILL NOW NOT LOAD AT ALL!!! I liked my older previous version, IT WORKED!!! Now you render it useless to where I can't view my wall or timeline unless I update to a newer more useless version... This is Ridiculous! 1 star is more credit than you deserve... #UNHAPPY
Grt
J
Too many unnecessary autoruns
I would like to rate it 5 stars once these stability issues are gone
Newfound Friendships
Khan
Easy to used as always ...
Great
Sweet dude
Hm pretty nyc app
Wonderful facebook app.
Its very fast... nd better than old version. But please give some photo efects like instagram......this is reqest by alllll fb users.... U r The worlds no. 1 Social site...... Nd we r ur Followers. So Please Listen our  Reqste.... Give some edit effects...
This app is great but its too slow
Too many permissions. sms, calendar info... Give me my privacy back or explain clearly why you require and what you are going to use this access for.
I hide posts and they come back. I mark them as uninteresting and they come back.  I unfollow people and their posts are still shown. I mark ads as spam and they are still shown.  This has been going on for months
Little glitchy but otherwise good. Easy to navigate.
Good for nothing app!
Won't let me download with out wifi. I don't have wifi.
Keeps freezing everytime I move the screen up or down
always stops workin  hope this up date fixs it
Uy
Thank you for fixing a bit the app and do your best
Over and over again
Wow, Tried the latest "bug fix" update. Still sucks. Doesn't work. Uninstalled
Now fantastic improvement. ...
Newest update video never opens, fix asap!!! Only audio plays, fix asap!!! Stop messing with stuff everytime yall update.
Excellent application!
It's a good app but it's still a little bit slow but it's getting better and it's easy to use
I've always complained about the look and feel of this app. Now it seems way better.
SHOULD BE ALOUD TO SAY BOYFRIEND OR GIRLFRIEND IS FAMILY WHEN CLICKING ON THE ABOUT BUTTON
Don't download it makes the app 100% broken.
I can't even have a option to download or play video in mx player  Video starts playing automatically in video player
Every update is making app smoother, better, more and more user friendly...
Jb b koi status update krna ho to error ya pir crush ho k back ho jati hy application ,, soooo sad 
Explains dba better than before
It so easy to use
Latest update ifs better, but still freezes occasionally
Buggy buggy buggy
I wish I could uninstall this POS off my phone. This is the worst app ever made. Its nothing but a waste of storage.
good
What ever was in that update made my fb stop working my timeline won't load plz undo
Its just perfect
My Introduction
Unfortunately, facebook has stopped.. VibeRom 1418 Android 4.3 Lenovo K900

I hate this app. Its always shutdown
Keeps force closings, so annoying
Doesn't open...when i open thIs apP it coNtinuesly loading at last it said faCebook is nOt working -_-
Super,i love it
It's getting worse every update
LG smart phone
I can't see or write any comments reply.
Especial
You removed being able to upload a picture to comment and still can't add likes to category on app.
batter to use facebook in browsers. this app too slow,not only me saying this my all friends having same problems,and some have high end device, they too. every time it shows login failed. photo not uploading,and why u forcing us to use messenger. why dont you make messenger  and facebook one app . while using Facebook + messenger  its too annoying.
Good but suggest friend is not available here..wish facebook app. Be typically like the original version
On my brand new galaxy s5 I have had to Uninstall this app twice and every time it does something to my phone where I have to do a hard reset it says android.process.acore has stopped and it forces me to reset the whole phone
Gets worse every update!!!!
Video's cut off saying an 'unknown error occurred' the news feed is all out of order. Shocking app
Facebook
Rubbish update, we need the old Facebook layout back and also fix the new feeds update
Fab look...;)
Tray
Cant upload photos
Ikramulhassan
Great app keeps me connected with my friends and family. Up dates were nice to. Thanks so much!!
Love it
Yo. .crazy bitch ds app
Some weird message when opening pm!! None stop "not responding" error! Wow fix it an leave it alone!
Still cannot reply to comments where available!!! How long do I need to wait? Do something!
Give us the option of Most Recent on the first page when we open the app!
Bad bad apps
It needs more and more permissions with every update. Now they want to know my confidential data, send and receive data without me knowing it, read my text messages and emails, and many more. My email asking for explanation is left without reply. Think I am going to stop using it soon. And if it continues like this I'll say goodbye to FB completely.
AwSoM
I want to set News Feed to show Most Recent by default rather than Top Stories!
Very fast
The update is much better keep up the good work
Fun app to stay in touch with family and friends abroad.
When i change my profile pic which i used before all likes anf comments are disapeared
Nice app
helps me talk to my friends and family at different places
Since last update,total waste a' space..
Great app but uses a lot of ram
Good2
Looking for the best why to go other search websites its here try it nd u will luv it...!..
Now everything is great but still need more optimization to all devices.
A magnified phone app is NOT enough
Nice communication, app
This app should allow me to copy text....
Nice, but always seeing posts from a day ago. Should not have to go to a separate section just to see the latest stuff

Better but not best...
I. Like. It
I hope this work in android froyo. Because i've been trying download milion times but always failed!!!
Me and my girlfriend both use my phone for Facebook, but she's all the time logging me out of my account, so developers please make it like Twitter, so the only thing you have to do is click accounts and it switches the account
Good
Ok
Easily connect with my family
Most annoying app.. Takes too long to load, even the widget doesn't work! 'Refreshing statuses..'  is all that it displays.
Give 5 star if fix some bugs mentioned by dear friends up n down
Pictures sometimes don't load
Really Excellent app !!!!
Iiiiiiiiii reallyyyyyyyyyy loveeeeeeeee Facebookkkkkkkkkkkkkkk
It's funny, I know when its time to update, because then NOTHING loads...which is no different from the usual, mostly. POS app. Lol.
Like Facebook
Super
CAN'T Look Most Recent Status
Meh
Facebook
Cant save pics from inbox.. and how many updates does this app need???
I can't even view my notifications. Fix it or I'll uninstall it. Getting real tired of your crap Facebook.
Very smart and elegant map
HTC DHD
The new update is fast, and the ui has improved. Keep the good work going..!
Seeing improvements but the mobile browser looks so much better
Spamming, phishing, and listening to your mic with out permission? No thank you
Yes
I like facebokttt
I
And still does. Even after multiple updates this app is going to the gutter
What is wrong with this fb dev team this app s**ks and so does messanger!!! Both are useless
No problems
I use to be able to edit my comments now I can't. Really irritating.
Before it was working just fine but since it updated it won't load my TimeLine or newsfeed.And i can't view photos or videos
I like
Social Applications
Cool
I dont like the lay out.
Works fine on my skyrocket.
My favourite  app   kidding hhahahahaha   bad app :-\
I'm loving it
Forzar cierre a cada rato..... Y es demasiado lenta tambi¨¦n
Great apps
I love it because I cab met other people I have met before and I can talk to my friends
Facebook famous nigga
If u get it it is worth it but it has its bad days and good days.

Can't keep news feed on most recent also getting an error every time I play a video xperia z2
Must be polished even more
Mediocre
Rock
i love you
Can not lock my Facebook to private using phone wtf may as well remove this sort it out man !!! Lucky you got a star
It's ok. Not the biggest deal.
Awesome
Very slow working than any of the other browsers. ?...
The previous edition had the feature of sharing a status with specific people (Shared only with ...) ,  this one doesn't have it
awesome
Good
Excellent
I would like to be able to tag friends and family in video's that I share from Instagram or Twitter. But it seems the only way I can actually tag them, is if I'm uploading the video directly from my phone to the Facebook app. Please fix this so I can continue sharing my stuff with my family and friends.
This app was supposed to be faster and better but now it wont even open and when it does its even slower you need to fix this problem please or else I will uninstall
I liked it. .
This fb app is very nice...
Install it after so long time.  This application is now improved a lot.
Ok i like
Fun for me
Doing just I wanted ever.
Very soothing while operating it.
Now slower after update.and wish to view in order not two days ago thrown in.
What's with the latest in-app update? Is it 2010 again?
This new update is Horrible. Just horrible.
A+
Very very good app
Ravisionstudio
I don't know why it stop ,,,,'whenever it wants & some time it doesn't load newsfeed even the connection is ok
Mulu.e mabet
This update sucks news feeds are all out of order navigation  on the site sucks so put it back like it was this is the worst update ever
I hate the newest update. Idk how to work it
Best app
New version no good have trouble when signing in and not letting me view or comment on post of friends
This made the world in my hand,this is a very good apps.
Suparb
Yeah
The app occupies 25 mb of internal memory,can't move it to sd card either. I'm uninstalling it.
Its ok ... Wont show pictures ... Might as well just use my laptop.
Ever since I got the latest update the app force closes all the time, doesn't load, or gives me a black screen. It is unreliable and I will be using my browser until if is fixed. I have a ZTE.
Good it is while using offline
It is too vad it is very slow
Meeeeee!!!!!!
wow amazing
At times my News Feed becomes blank on ICS! TF?! Please fix.
This application is for lots of use u could download facebook messenger also
Hebat
Fine
Good app but needs update again and again. Fix it quick.
Not too bad or not too good
Nice
Good app
It does not download in my GiONEE P2 smart phone. Fix my problem.
exciting experience
over all good... could add the more privacy option.
K
Totally fail...... :-(
I am addicted to FB
kayanya bgus nie
The quickest way to communicate with my Kids!
Easy access..... but could be better wd background and stuff for customization :-D
Pictures r just pictures dats it.Call me
Goods
No update for latin america?
Good 1
Like
Very good now, can't stop using it- note3
Awesome
kulkarnids.DK@gmail. com
Stupid app. Will let me log in but wont do anything else. Have no problems on any other.phone or computer or even my mobile web. On this phone.
Fuckin sucks why do videos play by themselves?? It just slows down everything!!
Wth its best before but now keep crashing...
Nice
Its good
There are no difference between hi5 and facebook. Must uninstall and delete account .

Facebook freeze my phone make it shut down and the video's don't play most of the time
The  app acts like I am using a dial up.. You can travel around the world.. By the time this thing loads.. Useless. Pls look into it.
Cool
Nice one
Awesomeeeee
Best chats
Just cool to spend more time ......
And Fastar
This update completely sucks. I don't know what you did to it. But the last version was way better than this one.
Achei que Facebook melhorou muito comparado com antes
Ranjith. Moolakkal
Error 492 please fix if so I will give 5 stars
Not able to download pics anymore
Very useful
Keep crashing whenever I play a video
Fine
Imran ayub Khan and haji mohammad ayub Khan
Its okay
It now works fine.
Great
Won't even let me share a video that a friends posted on another friends wall. Glitch central, and stop trying to make me sign up for Facebook messenger, I don't want it.
AMAZING can't get any better
Error code -24 every time I try to re install the Facebook app on my galaxy note 3. Going on 2 weeks of the same code flash! Facebook sucks now days.
very nice !!!!!
but please fix transparency bug on Android L, commentary popups dont have a background..
PCH. SEARCH
Why does the app need to access EVERYTHING on my entire phone? And what is up with the latest update? I can't even use the app!
osho
biggb
Awesome! :D
Not able to play any videos on fb.. Give back my old app


Awesome...
My fb doesn't work at all!
No complaints
Great
Gud app
Global app & thank u to facebook...
I love facebook
Thirdclass version
This is none shown to on chat people ...I really hated this app
App always freezes can't ever load anything have to use browser. Galaxy s5
The thing I don't like about this is that it isn't updating when I update it because all of my posts say just now even when I saw them yesturday can you please fix that thaanks but I'm still keeping the app 
It takes hours to load posts. I open it and read posts after half an hour. Use any browser. Facebook in browser is very fast.
Lol........
You have upped my volume for Facebook notifications only. Real close to uninstalling this. But thankful the fix is only removing 1 app. Last update lost a star.
This newer version consumes way too much space! You have to keep clearing data just to look at videos and pictures. It wasn't like this before! Change it back!!
Comments not loading... Have to refresh
Not bad this app plese dont west your time..
I HATE how FB doesn't keep up with the most recent news feed. I have to change it each time I log on. It is really frustrating.
Its nice
Richie
Videos no longer play correctly,  very poor show
Almost every video doesnt open.Says the page you requested wasnt found.
I like f book
No facebook
Still loving it
life book
Crashing after reinstalling
Love
Awesome
Facebook is getting worse and people are starting to lose interest
I love this app
Facebook unfortunately stoped? Why? Every open facebook still closs???
It took 111MB out of my phone and I can't download anything.
Md.badol.khan
Great App
Takes to long to start up also its so slow needs a better update ASAP
But speed sooo slow
Camera use anytime without knowledge is why I'm not using this app anymore. Also, the updated version doesn't allow users the choice to see newsfeed in order from most recent posts!
Good app
Tras la ultima actualizaci¨®n se agregan contactos sin yo enviar solicitud de amistad
Nitharsan
its to slow..and hard to install
The best app ever
Fantastique
Fecbook
Trouble free
Ye aisi zanjeer hai jisne sabhi ko jakad rakkha hai
It's shite! !!!! It never updates anymore. Forever deleting and reinstalling the app. FB get your act together every update is a hack job and making things much worse f:f's! !!!!
LoVe iT! (:^)
Jimmydk1221
I CANT PLAY EVERY VIDEO ON MY TIMELINE WHAT THE HELL
I love Facebook!!!!
Ilove it   it work perfectly great
It freezes alot in videos and I have to restart my phone...
Looks like FB app installer deployed a cron job in android os. I logged out of this app and killed it from task manager. After few minutes, it was again showing up in task manager. Finally uninstalled this junk app.
Thanks FB
Facebook me me Tiffany Ann Suen
Good
Since installing the new update the nees feed wont update, please hurry and fix it!
;0
Nice
Last 3-4 updates r very bad of fb.....now this update have all above problem....also it have a graphic problem.....
It goes slow sometimes and goes blank takes a long time to set up fb too frl frl
Great
Facebook is good n I love the app
Everyone must download this app because it the complete social app
Hi
I like
S egg 3sss2s3 ssss swag I
Oh latest...
sometimes it acts weird
After the last update this app has been horrible. I get notification but when I look at my newsfeed it never loads. Before the last update it was perfectly fine 
Thanks
Nice app
After the change in facebook's theme it has become too slow, i hope facebook will solve this.
Alice risa
Wadia wadia.it is a great public community platefome
Shru
I can't get videos to play anymore they always freeze fix horrible app
x
All the new updates... Progress
Hummm
Fb rocks!!!!!
Be best friend
Wonderful
Nice
Good
subway surfer
Oldr version was far more better dan te newer version... but nevertheless, facebook nd its apps always deserves a 5 star no matter what :)
It is like a parrot in old times the kings send their message through this parrot so it is the making and grouping our friends
very nice app but need to improve in auto play of videos
Very good varsion ... i love it
Hey everyone would you please shut up ok just wanna be clear sounds like you all have fb issues when some people are flipping being tortured and killed in america ...ok have a great day truly the person who Is being tortured and murdered great app btw totally love it
download its
Shibu p
Upgrading Facebook is only making it worse
U fix a problem;u get good ratings.
Its very easy to handle features ......awesome app.wow!!!!
Is good, the best communication network
Auto play become headache
Not so good :p
Awesome
Good
Lol fun
Nyc fuckbook
Too much lag
Good
Sandip
The video loader shuts down my app every time, now that the videos auto load it is impossible to look at my news feed.
Male n Paster
Informacion
desi jatt
I love Facebook
I would love to add music to my page!
Good

Not good at all  this app has been garbage for a few months  I have to use my browser just to check fb would rate it lower if I could
Mast
Its OK
Loveit

Google
Super
poor
I want more new updates for it
Latest update wont load.   Shuts down immediately.   FB is starting to really lose my attention.
Very nice..
Its ok bt eat lots of memory .
Lost some of my games I had on Facebook. Other than that its good.
I can chat with my friends and command soo romantic
Can't load images properly. Feeling like I m using 2G connection.. Update please
I luv Facebook it's a way to talk with friends and family and to post al sorts of stuff.  You can also play games on Facebook if u use your computer.
Love it
Cool
Give me a "most recent stories" tab, instead of top stories.
Nice appp a friends
Why my Facebook is  crashing it was fine but now please I need help reply
Supper
Not Bad :)
T
This app not download at all
It is a good app
Fb is asking permission to read my text messages to install this app. My texts are pretty blah but NO WAY facebook!
The new updated on my Note 2 has caused my news feed to not even load. It continues to say unknown error and I can't even get updates. On the rare occasion it works I can view for a couple post then it goes back to error. I have sent complaint after complaint and haven't gotten a response or fix this is ridiculous and I will be Uninstalling this worthless app.
Great apps
Why are things I'm writing not coming up, but staying faded so no one can see my comments???
Auto play video. Seriously?! Eventhough I off from the settings it's still auto play.
Because the new mages are not shown !!
Good
This is the worst update by far! I have a S4 with Sprint and it never loads and I get error messages all the time and now I don't get my notifications?!
Update is not that good as the old one 
Wont let me uninstall. Keeps going back to update. Please fix.
I have activate 1 mbps speed internet package.  Other things are doing well but facebook new update is very much boaring.  Its loading loading and loading.  Take too much time and than no feedback. please fix this as soon as possible.
Like that
Use it every day
There is always an update but sometimes I don't notice the change except how much memory it takes.  Don't let the 22mb fool you because my clean master says it takes up 120mb 
Good
I can share, like, or comment on Facebook. I can see people that I know.
FACE  BOOK
Fish
Love it
Awesome
good
It says file invalid! Fix plz! Now its letting me download but keeps telling me to uninstall & won't open!
Amazing
Best
Awesome
Its oky very good
So good
V
I like fb it's awesome thing to enjoyed I m following fb it's like amazing
Slow lags its just a poor app. Need to speed it up ALLOT
When I try to upload cover pic from my mobile it gives me error and not allow me to change cover pic.
Thanks
k
Awesome
keep up the good work!
Yes
Take large memory
It sucks it alwase plays videos on its own and auto mode is off wtf and it just looks gay so whatever switch u made switch it back
Facebook is really addictive.
Loves it.:-)
I like it
Thanks
Very good
Verry nic aap... communication of all over frinds...
Freezes all the time and sometimes shuts my phone off. WTF?
aman rai
good
9 out of 10 people are staring at there phones posting s h i t that nobody cares about .
Thk thak
Good
Superb
Face no of
Keeps offering to change language, even after I changed it.
Doesn't work right load right or anything anymore. I do better with just going on internet
Facebook
i cant install facebook apps.
Fast and furious
Done
Love it
I like it very much
Whatever you did Un do it app constantly crashes cannot view news feed photos time lines or messages page is totally frozen only since updating two days ago!! Fix it! !!!!!!!!
There's akways update thing on facebool even we're sign out..i hated it so much..fixed it back ! AS SOON AS POSSIBLE !
Its a great way to keep in touch with friends an find friends you lost contact with!
By law I have the right to know why you deactivated my profile .   And I have the right to see any reports that has been filed. Get a hold of me Facebook
This is the 5th time i updates my facebook..like seriously wat the hell.
Wokeh...I like
Nice
I give five star
problm
can b improved
July
Five star
Up until the latest update everything worked fine. Now I can't post pics, even on a 4g connection. Just gets stuck uploading and never arrives. Even when I try to post pics from gallery to Facebook it doesn't work. :(
Like any imformation are avelebale in this app....
Good beeter but not best ....looking for hi speed net ...nice work in 3g network
dubai
Ever since I updated the a3pp my photos and videos will not upload. They just sit there. Please fix!
It's ok
best
Super
N.t.r
Excellent
Nice app
I like
This is noise app
Ill give fill stars if u undo the ... Offline posting and liking ... its kinda lame
Gud job
Good chat old verson, can not update new vs, wpt
Nuam.nu
Selamat
Nice...!! :)
Can't play video 
Very slow & many fake accnts
Im not getting any notifications now when i get a message or whatever. In settings it is activated but not getting
Avg.
Your new update needs a redo, fb wont load 90% of the time - Samsung Galaxy Mega
It's pretty cool
Nice app
Its awsome I can listen to naats for 6 hours!! :-)
i love
Don't want to update
7 Heaven
Nice app
This latest update stinks. With all the $$$$ FB has, this is their product. Insane.
Okkk
Demeygarcla
Best  app
Thanks
Won't let me play videos friends post and freezes up, then shuts me out completely!! FIX IT, NOW!
Great app
Gal
no words for this apps
Im online in facebook but i cannot see who is online fix this error tnx
It Is A Very Nice :-)
Comments box is transparent please fix that
App works great
It's better
Just love it it make my work easy
123456
Old is gold
I mean duh its Facebook lol
Keep having to do a clean up of cache...many people still use gingerbread ..not all can raise their upgrades to jelly bean or higher.. Obviously memory runs low during useage...so it forces a close.. Rather than keep upgrading FB...why don't you slow down a little and downgrade the byte size to peoples abilities to even  afford to upgrade alongside you.. !
I use my browser for checking up on Fb. App is horrible it buyers and never updates. I would uninstall, but I need it to upload easier from my phone.

I can keep up with my friends and family!
Newsfeed has stopped loading. Cannot view pics or videos. Totally useless app now. Undo whatever u did last update pls
Hai add la sy kat pesbuk...aummm...sy ensem tau..
On my xperia z since update my video keeps stopping and saying error getting on my nerves PLZ FIX
Ok
Ive tried logging in then resetting my Password and still cant log in why is this?
Very good
Welldone in this net going to smouth
Just got an update now the app freezes when opened.
It does not upload photos from phone.
This is great
facebook is my favourite social
full
Like icon
Get with the program Facebook. It's no wonder people are switching to Twitter.
Paramna Babar
Nice app work best in my xperia go,but steel need some improvement...
Quick nd great UI
I like it
Not working in my asus tab
Awesome
It looks and works better before :(
GE
Goooooooddddd
facebook fb
Thats really nice gd job...
Always needs update, next is worst than last. App sucks!

Yummy
The app is always locking up and our freezing regularly.
Gud
Updated review to 4 from 1 as the app is now working fine on my ASUS tab. It was force closing for no reason earlier.
Super
Nice
Loved it
I can't like something or share it without it going all the way back to the latest feed. It was fixed. Now it's broken again.  What is the problem! ?
Its disturbing to see how much personal information you guys are asking people to allow to use this app. You guys use to be amazing but now you've gone to the darkside. There are much better alternatives out there.
But I don't know if that can be helped anyway. The ap does what you need it to.. Its a convenienience.
Take care baby
It takes forever to load photos and videos. Every time I like or share it tells me I have a update. This app is always glitched. Instead of adding new stuff you should fix everything that's wrong first
im disappointed that fb android doesnt have filters when uploading on fb. iOS's facebook app is so much better. Please add this feature for android users.They make photos look better.
Am using android and can't share facebook link to other media (like whatsapps or else). Content only can be shared on facebook. Is it only me or?
D.k RinWa
Ok
Can't install. Gets downloaded and goes to install but gives me an internal error -24 and won't finish. Grrrr.
Facebook is good version and working good and fast.
Nice app
Excellent
Where to change news feeds to most recent. Got sick of watching feeds again and again.
I Still Can't Play My Videos
Best fb
They spy on you and sell your data to third parties
This aap is working very good...I love this app
health Care  workr
Loveit
Y cant u people consume a little apace n  less data? Fix it man..
Okay :-)
Now only able to login
Photos and videos won't load. News feed updating is slower than a windows 95 machine trying to run Skyrim.
Nothing
I can talk to old friends
Nice one I love it
I've updated this several times and I STILL can't post pictures in comments. I don't even have that option. I also don't have the option to stop notifications. Such as when other people comment on the same picture or status as I did.
Love it
Ok
Facebook you all was.  have fun on it every day even night
Best
Ns
Ok ug
Aliexpress will not let me dislike them and unfollow them. Or other pages too. App closes. And thats it. No (send feedback) popup. Nothing, this is every time i try to unlike the or a page. Its frustrating since, it has me starting over .
Updated fb directly not opened from Q-apps.plz fix this problem.
I l
Idhs
seyha
Fb is fb.
Fine
Nice
A;
What the hell?? Fb isn't working on my pad ....... What have u done to Facebook ?? Plz undo this !!!!:-*
wow its ameizing it is soo .........
I can't send any friend request n every time I try send any requests I get blocked n it sign outs every time I do it........help me someone
Liked it
Gotta love it

Good
Very bad
Two stars for the moment it eont let me upload pictures it says will try when you are online but stupid facb i m online stupid stupid facebook
Like
Hi all
Latest update made it use less because it is very slow and the second reason is that i can't update my cover pic plz solve this problem......
Marketing
Working good for now, groups glitches from time to time, all in all a good app
ok
Good
I would sujjest to keep back button on top left of every chat would be better to go back in inbox
I would like to uninstall this update !  Does anyone know how to go back without wiping out Facebook ??
Videos are not getting play.. News feed is slow... After FB app got update its been worse than ever..
Because I can meet my new frends
Sorry but the latest update was just terrible. Whenever I try to open albums the app crashes and everything freezes. Also its not loading multimedia files anymore and some pages are not shown completely. Please update and sort these problems out!! Thx

We need to copy texts and reply to comment
Woooooowwew
Useful
needs better games... the only reason I have a FB account is because of the game and most of them aren't even fun...
Whenever it is updated it is more prone to crashing.I cannot get this useless app out of my phone.Facebook a phony company.
I like and expanded my friendship a lot.
Nice communication,  Awesome app
perhidmatan pembenaan  pembersihan dan bekalan
app
Everytime i get annoyed from the app i come to change my comment, i try to write something more insulting. This is a perfect app for a waste of time and space, literally flawless if used for nothing, but its name is facebook, so if it were to change its name to completely useless app, it deserves 5 stars for doing what it says. There is a completely useless app by the way, less than 1mb, with no bugs whatsoever.
i can't active notification popup and it isn't viewed me all
Stop alert messages and notifications
Nice app
Functional and fast. Looks great too!
Awesome sauce
When I open FB just few a minute it will be close,  I can't play, fix it now
Cool.....
Nice app
Hi
Too much drama and bullying
Patel
Ahlam
Nice app
After this last update my inbox wouldn't load, when it did I couldn't read message. It just gave me some error message I've never seen and when I send messages it wouldn't deliver them until hpurs later. Also wouldn't log me out about 75% of the time & it ate my data up quick. Uninstalled updates and works fine again.
When i try to delete stuff from my profile, it stops working and closes
Updated vrzn really sucks 4 me...
Good
I should have the choice to see the most recent posts instead of top stories but clearly you don't want that since you've even tried to keep that hidden in the desktop version. Stop using us for your market research and let us use social media the way it's meant to be used.
I had given only 4 stars becoz of requirement of facebook messenger with facebook app to chat with friends.please enable chat in facebook app
like FB, but sins a week, it shuts down all the time, and have re download it again!
Not good but I use it
Facebook
Fix this problem pljjjjj
i hate it
Xoxo
Gr8 update... lv it...
Fast
Faceplus
Some videos can only play for few seconds before it fails in my brand new Xperia Z2
Not bad
Ok
destinee
nice app
Not at all
Bad not working for me
Ever since I updated my Facebook take forever to loss the pics.
Hi
Tesalonika
very poor application
It is faster
Its cool
Terrific app of fb
Churidhar
Useful
Had to uninstall this version. I updated it recently and it would cause my phone to over heat. A CPU monitoring app showed that it was consuming all my phone's resources. I would kill it but it would keep restarting
It's really slow. And exits all the time by itself..needs some better updates!!
Very slow updating the newsfeed. Then When I click notifications then turn back to the newsfeed I cant go back to the post that I end up to. Fix it okay? Then the slow updating of notification then the messages also. When Im not reading it. It is in notification everytime. Fixxxxxxx it. Arrrrgggghhhh.
Love
This new update is a rubbish.. shows some ongoing notification all the time which is unneccesary..
but there's just some lags and something wrong in updating my facebook
No comments
Nice
This is it!
Muuaaahhh
Udddin323241
facebook
App sucks
Make it smaller size in mb guy's
Good
When I open..that time automatically going to main menu..
Everytime there's an update, something goes wrong. You can't see the recent posts it mostly shows, posts from the day before. There isn't an option to see recent posts. It would nice to have a search option in the group section to revisit older posts/topics. I hope you can at least fix what's being shown on the timeline.
Photos do not load.  Uninstalled and reinstalled.   Still same problem! !
Lolzzz
I download it, then i go into it and it says theres an error...
Facebook app is awesome and flawless smooth running on Android 4.4.2
It consumes big amount of memory.
Good
Gof
Good..................................! Easy way to go Facebook.
Nice
LO
Over the last few months, this app it getting worse and worse. Keeps freezing. Will not load anything you want it to. Please fix your app FB!!!
Hmm
When are Facebook going to stop ramming top stories down our throats?
Good
Legend
It works great but, sometimes it won't refresh and it lags. I hope you can improve this.
Lo recomiendo
Isn't current. At least 12+ hours behind
Real cool
I have been signed out of the App and when I try to sign back in it keeps saying it's the wrong password.  Wtf?????
I can't update this app.
Cannot upload pictures to certain albums
F¨¤cebook slow
Nc
The original Facebook app was 5 stars. New app just sucks and rarely ever even loads. Trouble logging in and force closes and not responding alot. Go back to old version please!!!!!
Like
Verrygood.
Loading really slow
Soniya lewis
Ill keeping trying to do download my fb after i take off becouse i cannot open it again.. pls i need this application again
dang it
asome
i like this app
In Huawei G700 great work...
Good      1
Awesome
After updated the application does not work on mobile Internet
Each Update greatly improve navigation!
Fixed!!!!!
Amm
Love this app it keeps me going even on the go...
Facebook is not installing what can i do now
Cant view recent post, cant view videos entirely, keeps force closing when I comment or message... Ughhhhh
I deleted and reinstalled it and it doesn't appear on my phone at all anymore
yea yea
Doesn't play videos half of the time, update need
It is very easy to browse
Wish I could delete this app. Tired of seeing the update icon for this junk. Hooray corporate partnerships!
Error loading news feed.... what the flying f*** man.... >[ facebook is making me so angry now days.. I'm uninstalling
Very nice
Waste of life.
Kurang bangus
very best app
I'm not able to change my coverphoto.. there is no camera optn there... 
faster
Cool
Please improve more! There are features that cannot be run on the app but on desktop. The biggest drawback is the huge occupation on the RAM
Best ever
Exlnt app it works in my mobile great there's no problems I love it bcz anywhere I go use it in everywhere tnks 4 devlprs...
But it s not fast  not giving me to tag wtf
data
Very unpleasant changes, I just cant find the revert to older option otherwise I' d get rid of this version, running in the background regardless of disabling that feature.
facebook
It's a cool app I like so much
After updating this app I can no longer see any image what so ever it shows its loading but never loads
This new update is terrible. Facebook restarts its self every 15 minutes. I can't even look at posts that happen while I was sleeping. Ridiculous!!
I like it how about you...
fb
Pic Messages not loading
Yas
Smooth application
Nemogu da skinem
Nice
There should be an easier way to get to the ' other' folder using this app.  Instead of having to login into a web based facebook.
From the moment i updated its crashing.
Wtf new version is like turtle so slow!!!
Having couple of problems in saving pictures and sometimes the comments pop up window doesnt go down :/
Keep it up
Good
This app is quite huge... the more you use the more memory that consumed. I hope you better enhance it by compressing or self trash unusual data like any other social apps that is not heavy as like facebook.
It took me a few tries before it actually downloaded and installed, but the new update fixes all the freezing errors, makes the app so fast, and I like what they did with the search function. Makes things a lot easier.
Cint aq
Works great on my stone age android.  The app actually works better on my phone than the desktop or mobile version.  Funny thing I'd rather use Facebook on my phone than actually use to laptop.  It's faster, at least fot me.
Not bad
Not working
Just awesome**
Wtf-,-
Love it ;)
Like it...pa upload nman
This is great only one thing in this app get belated to become best of best video calling,soon it bee added to it
Good to use
13021981
Nice and super app for connect with my friends
Five
Loading takes a long long long time.
Good
I think u should be install it an try it
Anywhere I touch, the comments section pops up.
Fr u upgrade am having problems.I cant watch my v¨ªdeos,I cant download pics anymore,takes Long to log in,alot of crap.plz Fox this plz.or go bk to old Facebook
It's cool
GOOD
I know is not the phone SIMPLE AND PLAIN:NEW UPDATE SUCKS!!!! SLOW,  DON'T SHOW ALL OF THE NEWS,  I'M HIGHLY DISAPPOINTED!
I had to update this app because of a new phone and I kind of hate it.  Where is the button for most recent post and for messages in "other" folder? This update sucks. Plus, it keeps telling me there's a new update and when I go to update I don't see any update.  What?  Pls fix this and bring back the "most recent"and "other"folder.
I love this app. But still need to improve. ......The older version was better than this.
It's hard to maneuver
JJ fan
Awesome!
I love it so much!!!
I thinks chat button should be right side notification button Plz add it Farhan khan bareli  and select  text facilities should be And text data copy facilities must be!
Errors when playing video
Everything is broken since the new update news feed wont refresh videos wont play photos dont even show half the time. was fine.before.update
Top
Wow fun
i love it
Cool update by the way. The News Feed is doing good. Totaly like it
I hate hate hate this new update. Facebook is useless, I can't get into my groups, I can't only see what some people are posting, my newsfeed is acting up. My messenger is acting up, and my messages in my facebook app is acting up. Please change this right now. I hate all these updates to constantly doing, just fix it and leave it like that please
Whoooooooooooooooooo
facebook
Sangeeta
Facebook keeps shutting off today & is highly annoying it will not stay on.
Eats up all my android ram
update plz
Love it
Love it
Hy
So cute
Fun to reconnect with old friends and connect with new!
Very good apps
mahadi hasan minjo
Notifications won't disappear from notification panel regarding waiting updates such as posts liked while offline. Fix this.
Its not downloading- crashes
By far my favorite. Until now. I keep getting fb update notices. It says will update when I'm online. Well here I am. No updates installing.  And how come when I say I don't want to see something, the next time Im on fb, that item is back on my feed?
Loveit!
Best for android
Very nice application
Facebook decides when it wants to let me like a status, and never loads pictures or videos. Also resets itself randomly, more often than not. Notifications never show up. Very unimpressed. Please fix these issues.
Absolute crap.  How many times can one app crash.  Smdh
Gud
Love her
Yes
Facing few bugs !! Even though data is enabled when I login it says connect to internet :|
Samsung s4
Cooool
Cat
awsome
;)
Video ceased playing and displayed unknown error.
this app is awesome                          :-)   :)
Latest update is worse
Fabulous
Eror eror download shith .. fix this
Ur
010663166
Ok best
Good once
Its best for me
Good app
Wonderful app... Which helps to remember things. Like birthday
It keeps saying that it isn't responding fix plz
Nice
Finally got it working, but don't know why it would not even load! Whatever you ppl are doing that run this thing fix it or leave what works alone obe or the other!!
I like this...i can be hppy when i free...i cant boring more coz have a facebook...
Very good love it
Best
Hate it!
User friendly !!
Video is not playing ,not fast & very slow working
Vg
Overall good
Nice apps
Plzzz give an update because my homepage will not load all the photos are not loading...it is very very annoying that is why i gave 2 stars...otherwise it good...please do give an update please
It is really bad app dont know what happen to it. It doesnt load feeds and after working 10 minutes it says force close Its not even worth of one star please fix it and i will give 5 stars
Hate it hate it Hate it!
Coolest site ever!!!
This is good
Very cool
Am happy nw
Rapchik
Sucks
It Is a Great app
Its Facebook...nothing more to say
Wont let me message
good
I   Like it so much
Need to fix many Bugs and Issues on this app and performance.
Force close & then a blackout...that's it !! Not a facebook anymore its just a blank book now ... Plz fix it ASAP
nice
I dont like cause these ap is very slow
please i suggest that make it look like destop for 5stars..
Update is a crap!
It distracts you from the real world.
Neat app
Very bad update
I am unable to play any videos apart from that would give it 5 stars
Facebook is my medium to share my experiences with friends and family who are not nearby.
It is good very much
aaaaaaala
Amazing.... really too gud
Osm
very good app
Stop complaining about fb app being crappy.  Nobody is forcing you to use it
I love ths app bec ths is my hobby.
Why my Facebook app space  became so huge??  153Mb??

Hmmm
Very good apps
Hiii
Reduce the size of this app please?
introducing Crashbook! it crashes.  you log in, it crashes. you tap any button, it crashes.   don't fall for another 3rd party impostor, if it doesn't take up 80MB it's not the original. try it now! your battery won't thank you.
Lone
Ashanty
It says its only 22mb but when I check it application manager its says data like 60mb. Also needs support to be moved to SD card and give us a choice between most recent and top stories(I acc did find it settings but u need to go there every time I open the application.)
Blh la
Fucked to load...
I love Facebook u get to connect with different people and your friends.
Hai frnds
Love it
Nice
Background of the comments pop up is transparent which is too annoying. Is this a problem in android L? Earlier it was good. Please fix this bug
Excellent
jjjj
Brilliant application to use when networking yo friends and family
Video files not open in latest version but in old version working fine
so Goooood
For the next update , even in this app you/we can upload files! Even you are not using any browser. Plss note this. Thanks
Gd Happy
It works.
Fun game
Good
My face book
Jani
Wont even open! !!  Motorola bionic
It's superb
Nyce
Verry good
Bidhuri
The new interface sucks.
Hate it... fix it...
My Galaxy S4 crashes with the new update. Can't use app at all now. Have access FB through the Internet only. Please fix asap!
Its ok .
K
Really fast and performs as PC
Khan
All b u t ful
Love it
Keeps on crashing from the last update.
Lovely apps
Exellent
Fav
Perfect
N@.1 @ur fb...
I love it
Amazing
Very much
Nothing
Nice
Alwys
New version is very best but my network is very slow 2G network.
Nyc to use
doesn't work!! I was so happy 'cuz you have added it to the app, but it didn't work... Why ?! 
There need a system for copy and paste the status
Wastage of time
Veru good
V nyc app
not very good
You can't move it on SD card.
It was great
Good one
Nice
Just like IPhone
Good
Its great
Very good app
super
like this
Thanks
GREAT NETWORKING
This app is really slow. My phone is gettin hang. This app takes to much battery...
Nt nyc btr uh improvement dis app make sm interstng
Lovely
You can do better come on.... Messenger constantly shows looking for network....
Terima Kaseh
Wow
Do no show messages after update. ...
Such as many in my profile pls give five star
#Amazing
I just loved it...
Too good to use
I before used facebook app and my other each and every app used to crash down. Now i uninstalled it my phone is working better now.
Oll right
But slow process
Great chats
Very easy to update with your premises
Love
Horne
I love f.b
No
This Facebook's new version is very fast and easy. I tell everyone to plz update fb's new version. .....
I love it
It's the wonderful app to be connected with the friends.
O please help me ,,,,
When I Open It It Always Force To Close, Fix This One!
Gud but need to more upgrade
Good
It is good for playing and chating your friends and so much more
Fantastic
The old version is better than this  :(
I can update with my friends n chat.I want to say i in love fb...
This app has definitely improved over time!
Works well good application.
Application
4 $tars becuz it gets log out by itself samsung galaxy s4 GT19500
Good apps
It's really good that your updated frequently but this is ridiculous. Especially as your not fixing anything just making it worse. Facebook keeps freezing. Seriously invest some money into improving this app
Nice app
<3
I like it... try this.
Ok

I have a personal page, a business page, a page I admin for, plus I am in some groups. For some reason, there isn't always the option to choose where I'm sharing my content(a picture, a video, etc)to. The drop down menu used to always be there no matter what and now it is selective on when it is available for use but I can't figure out what the "rule" is that's running that program feature. Any way to fix this or is there a solid answer to why this happens?
Great for comunications
Only problem is that is doesn't respond to my touch sometimes
Application crashes when trying to watch videos on my news feed
Awesome apps
Please post changelogs in the updates
Gud
Amdoor
Ows....
It is too fast..
The new version is nice and very easy to explore !
Memang bagus bila adanya fb dlm telefon
Facebook
What is happening? The latest update just make it worst. Please fix it. It's so inconvenient.
Only giving 3 stars. Ever since last update app has trouble loading. Sometimes pictures won't display. A loading circle is where the pictures would be. I have 5 bars of signal 4g network. And even use wifi at home 5 bars signal. Still slow loading.
... Still no option to share from news feed to messages! And still no option when i click on share on anything (youtube video, web page etc), that it shares to messages instead of my wall. People have been complaining about this since forever. -Also, the fact that one can not see his other and archived messages in the app. Since the last update, one can not make most recent a default option when looking at his news feed, but most go to 'more' and then most recent, which is not very practical.
Fine
Best apps......
Excilent
It would be nice if I could view my messages in my "other" folder, reply to comments on this app... like I can on my pc...
So useful
Ok lah
Love you Facebook engineer
Great way to keep in touch with friends. :-)
- NO PUT THE TOP STORIES AS MAIN FEED (Make a drop down to choose feed type or feed from interest list like Facebook for Windows 8 instead and remember the choice of selected feed.) / NO AUTOPLAY VIDEOS AS DEFAULT! / NO AUTO START THE PROCESS IN BACKGROUND FOR ANY REASON, EVEN EVERY TIME WHEN CONNECTED TO THE INTERNET. / NO LOOK TO TARGET NEWER DEVICES, THINK ABOUT OLDER AND LOW SPEC DEVICES INSTEAD.
Either way it became more simple to use
Yes I agree. Amen! Hallelujah! Aruga aruga aweeeee.
Good 1
theres of bugs i always. uninstall it cuz it always logs!!! please fix i will gve u 5 stars if u do.
Who can live without FB nowadays?  This app can be useful in many positive ways..
not working
So easy to use
Sohel
Idts coo i juss wished it download faster
Haiii
This app is crack because there is many problem in this app.......plZzzz
ajay
improved
Its oooo
Version
good
Tot
OK, THIS APP IS GOOD NOW, NICE TO SEE IT WORKING WITH NO PROBLEMS. WILL RATE 5 STARS THOUGH ONCE YAV ADDED THE OPTION TO CHECK YOUR "OTHERS" FOLDER IN MESSAGES FROM AN S2 AND S3 GALAXY.
Superbb application for this product is a good quality and service
Not goog
Good
Very good .
Excellent
Out
I can't fit in whole pictures in my profile picture, like retrica, it doesn't fit in everything. I wanted the logo to be there but it won't fit. Please do something about it.
There is good
Like it
Good
Yes
Happy with this now
Very nice
I can't reply on comment plz do something on dat... i was so irritating
Galaxy s3
You have to wonder if the app creators actually use it, the newsfeed is atrocious, who wants to see today's posts the day after.
Diwana
This social media make me more than close with to another people..I wanna meet friends in the world bye this application media social
Yyyyy
Please consider about data being saved on memory, please provide optioin for cleaning it after certain mbs or certain days.
Thank y0u
Nice
Everytime I wanted to write a comment on posts or to tag someone in ,a warning message always appears telling that I am temporary blocked in using this action . So I reinstall the application several times but nothing happened .
Its so fab
Superb
I just loving this update....wow
Very god
Face book
Kamal hi ye app ha
Xcellent feature mob like a laptop feel
Improve it
Very very gud
It is a bit slow and not as responsive as on iOS for example ! But a vital app on any device ..
The new update its great! I'm liking the changes!
You can like a photo or post when you are offline but this bullshit remains on your notification bar even when your Internet connection is back... Pathetic!
6times    re installlll suckssss
BUT THE NEWS FEED STILL F******ING DOESNT SHOW ME THE NEWS FEED BY MOST RECENT!!!!!!
New design is very good I liked it...
Best
Aasuussooommee aapp
Jai hoooo
openlly
The file size is too big!! Fix it.
I am having 2 fb accounts... I failed to log out... how to check the other...?
You guys just make this app a 3d game so typical to download 24 mb and then it takes too much time to open worst update memory issue :(
Since the last update nothing works as it should and the app is very unreliable overall, needs fixing ASAP
This is the only i can say .!.
Please add a video calls like Facebook in cumputer
It cant play videos
Yosh
What a great app
Network connection
Mohammed.umar
Ok
verry bad
Love it

Best
Awesome
God
Nyc version
Jsk
Nice
Nice
Facebook
Tracipowell
verywell
Application improvement:
Ok
It's an above average for fb user compare to browser
After upgraded  the apps, stuck.
We contact are family
Facebook staff never heard the saying: why fix something that isnt broken? U got it right on first time and you just keep screwing it up more and more everytime.
App doesnt even open!!!! It just says setting up Facebook and after 3 minutes it force closes. Dont install
We still dont have picture comments like iOS has... BS. The app overall is fine but its a RESOURCE HOG!! This app is 21MB? Wow even Youtube isnt that much. And the app uses alot of RAM in the background aswell. AND has a lot of unnecessary permisions. Fix all these and this app is 5 stars.
News feeds in wrong order. Getting previous days feeds first not todays news.
Just freezes as soon as news page comes on
Not responding...
The App became Useless really !! :(  ... too bad because it keeps crashing every few seconds .. and the messenger too . without any reasonable reasonv . so please fix it cuz I used to like this app before and now I hate it ... FIX IT !!!
Images arent loading at all. I wasnt expecting such a buggy app from giant like fb. Hell annoying for me.
Goid App for communication, but, I hate that it continues to run down my battery.
Best way to chat with friends...
Thank u for this app... .. Love it
Enjoyable
Its cool
Its alright takes long loading but other then that its fine
Addicted to Facebook and love this app.  Sometimes I have noticed glitches with posting statuses but my main complaint is size/data usage
Devyalaxmi
Why bother? I have given this app long enough to fix the issue....about time to do away with it
Good quality
Very good app I love it so much
:(
Keep it up
Hey..pharth..!
Facebook
Its good
The app costs a lot of memory when u keep it on your phone. And sometimes the app will suddenly crash. So, it's just okay to me..
fan page rech worst :(
Its pretty OK. Could be better.
Awsome
Though thoroughly enjoyable, I highly doubt this app will ever become any means of perfect. I understand that a lot of people think it's great, and it is to an extent, but when these recent updates are taking place, I can only wonder -- are they thinking logically about how they update the app. For instance, auto play on videos is very inconvenient. Some peoples phones are slow and freeze up. Another thing is the news feed, but that was recently updated. Beside that, the app is fairly enjoyable. Four stars.
App hv to improve a lot more
It's good
very
I've always loved Facebook
Great app
Ang panget
Good
its a great app.. by this i can easily use fb. :*
The weight of the app is deceiving. It says 20mb upon download but when stored, it goes up to 38mb..not good
Good to FB faster
Still sucks thick meaty COCK 
Cant view videos :(
Yes
It's really great I love facebook
Terbaik
OMkar
Best of all over latest version
#I_love_this_app the best social networking app in my XPERIA Z2. ..... :) :) :)
Who doesn't love facebook?
just good
Average
Awesome app
Its an awesome aap bt can't search people easily ..only can find friend's  friend and there is no option for individual chat off.while updating status need a custom option too.. if these bugs will be fixed then i will give it 5 star.still ok.
The games are great games but cannot use half of what I have on them throu the Phone. And the issues are the same with the phone as well with the computer. Before You get one matter settled You add new stuff, change stuff, or whatever is You do which makes the begining problem worse,or new issues arrive. I just wish You would fix it.
I Like Facebook in new Year
Should .make it easier too when people lose there passwords
Bwisit....not working too slow...
There is a very fast and 3g speed.
Good latest update makes it easier and fast
U can post pics. U can like pics. U can comment on pics. THIS IS THE 2ND BEST APP I HAVE EVER HAD! I recommend it for everyone.
better source
Your all updates are going worst.... Cant download video from fb, when we are on bottom in news feeds, automatically it reached to top, we lost our I.m.p page, dont have tab system, image doesn't download quickly... 0 star.
Worst app! Always gets stuck.
I.  Love Facebook
its a good app...bt everytime it gives me a nottificatn thn i had a msg.....bt i donot had a msg...plz fix this...and i will give you 5 stars...thts a promise...
Pretty cool. There are two sides we will start with the good. It works fine. I love it and it automaticalllyyyy updates. Bad side. When it updates it doesnt log me in. sorry 3 stars!!!!
Now whenever I use facebook my phone gets hot and my battery life just pours away.
Nice Apps
Mani
The only thing keeping me from deleting this app and my facebook is my obligation to my friends and nothing else, this app is a complete waste of memory on your phone so hopefully Facebook will die out soon and I can finally delete this thing and free up space for better apps on my phone.
Obviously awesome look, just like surprise messenger look. Now expecting a faster version with less bugs
Shirley Pande
Best app
Gapool786
Nice changes
Alright
Vv loving it
i love facebook
Full happy
Nic app
After checking the message. notifications still showing one unseen notification. ...
The permissions are killing me, man!
love it's
Not as good as the desktop version.
Sorry for the previous comment...   Very satisfied...
Allows so good
Good apps
After the last update i cant view the news feed anymore! Its always crashing! I uninstall all my updates after! Fix it!
The I'am yours Facebook
I think this latest version is fine...not that bad...
Good app
Great ..  thAnk
Good
With all the computer and programming power Facebook has behind it, you think they could make their app a little bit better? Every time it starts out at 22MBs, then it inflates up to 200MBs a month later. I need to reinstall just to save space.
Change it or launch a new app . Its very old
Keeps kicking me out of the app!!! Ive tried everything from uninstalling to turning my phone off and still cant access my facebook through this app!! Crap!!
Good
I like this apps.
Ilike thats
For the older version..
Facebooj bs knl sma org sedunia
You did something and now I have problems with fb . Undo whatever you did !!!!
My self
nic
This new update needs to be fixed. I'll goto my notifications, then try to go in the feed and it will be just black. Ill have to exit and go back on the app.
I love this app
I think google have to work with it.
I love this app
Push notifications are not working on android
Nice
Please reduce the data size app+data =64 mb and too large for my mobile.. Please provide move to sd card option...
Facebook
Santa Anna
Please undo that version this version not so successful for us
Facebook
Very good and usefull for continue to relationship
Atik.islsm
Gambar ngga tampil, fix it !!!

Got this update pending but it won't let me. Having major issues viewing images and videos.
Nice app
There's a problem in saving photo from facebook so fix it....
I cant open pictures on the wall I cant see profile pictures of my friends I hope this is just a bug but I installed and uninstalled few times and still nothing.
Make an option for most recent to be default feed and it goes back to five stars
Biggest social network...
This app is good
Best
Facebook 1 tach all app
Arpon
Samsung galaxy star pro
Pls. Do something fast! I chose asus over ipad hoping it would be just as good if not better!
I can't download facebook
Profile pics of frnds not showing in chat heads and status
It's not letting me watch videos no more -_-
How nice if can download the video on facebook to the phone as can be done on blackberry phones. Will give 5 star if it can be done..
When I open this app, it keep crushing.. I can't open it even for 1 time'!! I hope you fix it as fast as possible DX I can't wait to open my Facebook :)
Love it
lumma yan
Nice thing.... but u can settle sum setting dat v can cal in dis app too nd not in messenger alone
it is gud but need 2 improve a lot.
The most annoying issue is while reading your news feed it refreshes and you loose what u were reading.
Like this
The major issue other than connection problem i found is no copy.If i want to copy a text or some words this app does not allow me to do so and then i need to go to website. Please work on this guys
Always shows 1update is waiting,it will post when you are in online,there is nothing will update
Ppp
Nice
Video playback failed most of the time. This sucks.
It crashes when I try to upload photos and it doesn't load news feeds. Which means that this app does absolutely nothing anymore. Every new update either breaks it more or breaks it later. Facebook can't pay good people to create good apps?
Fking awesome thing
veryyyyyyyyyy good app loved it :)
Facebook
Went I go to inbox , it go it by itself to the home screen
This version is no good because photo not save in own device
not responding
Ok its so nice apps
Perfect
Good
Good
Nice
Very useful
Its nice by big star
Good
It is Good
Horrible just horrible. If i make a post it will tell me I'm offline and the notification is stuck in the bar. Same goes for uploading a pic. Smmfh
Its fine, I guess
Worldwide
Loved it
Mab
I have uninstalled these updates..happy with the older version..
Ttitooo.o i.
Hi
I like this app
Excellent. Deserves 5star rating......
So far so good with the new update
Ever since they put out the last update the app is just slower now. The app also looks worse than it did before.
It's the facebook app. What were we expecting???
Waw
Poor and bad or dirte
The new update on my samsung phone has wrecked it. If I get a notification to say I have a message, I go onto the app click on the message and it won't load it. It only says waiting for network even though I have full internet bars. FIX NOW
I love it
Bn
very bad
Avg aapp need to update actually its very slow and smtym automaticllly logged out
dipaksa donlot
It stops all the time, even when I'm not using it. Makes my phone slow
facebook
Can't update.error error error. What did u do?pls concentrate on this app.stop adding staffs which r problem to society
Very good app.
The application it crashes when I try to upload a video on the android device. I have to uninstall the app and the re install it in orther to open the app then, but the video still dors not post. Please fix, thanks
I am having problem in updating this app my device is giving error of insuficent file storage but all other apps are updating
Love  facebook  cool  app
Please change this dull blue to match messenger which looks much nicer
good
a problem on viewing photos
Mst h
Please make an option to clear notification history... i have this post i was tagged that i hated so much.. its disgusting... i already hide the post and untagged myself but i still can see it in the notification..
Very-Very best application
Good
Awesome improvements from the old app.
Love everyone.
this appp is gud
very useful
Hi friends
I like facebook but now its always frozen and forces to close... i try reinstalling it but its even worse now.. i cant even sing in, please do something
But slow..
nice...the file size is 2 big
App sucks now I absolutely HATE this back words layout. My feed keeps changing back to "top stories" for no apparent reason. 
The news feed won't even load most of the time. Last updated broke it for both of my android devices
Me gusto
except the dramma
F u fb. The last update just brought everything back at least three steps. Now I can't even post YouTube vids without some fn stupid thing about once I'm online bs. I am online, through my phone and I've tried posting a YouTube vid 4 times and it won't work. You guys can suck my virtual cock.
Provide 'Agree' / 'Disagree' button also.
I am trying to install this app from mobile data. After completing download till 21 MB, it stops and shows unknown error. I have wasted around 60 MB data on it.
Facebook is so awesome and fun
Dal
Love this
Cool
Eddie
Love it thanks
Bakwas not gud
ok...
Aok
Good
Its always good social network... The app is always good
Great
Only use it
I love facebook
Everyday user
Madhanmala
Wow
Can i ask something its true that facebook user, if they dont activate thier account  its automaticaly remove on facebook and u cant use it anymore.  Just got recieve these news from, someone. Coz theres a problem on the face book nw. Accordng to the CE0.   And if its true would u plz give some information if how to do it, the activation. If somebody know it plz help^-^ Thank u in advance.
Hai
Glitchy
Is nice way to communicate
Good but not properly working though..... What to say..not on acceptations
App
VERY GOODINDEED¡¶
Mm
I dont like the latest update. Uploading pictures by phone album doesnt work. Pls fix.
Great app! :)
I dont like this new update facebook.
Its alright not that good
I like the app cause I cam talk my message out loud
I Just love This App
Its very fast and cool
Its really fun to facebook
Fast
I like it
Lambat
App is taking FOREVERRR to download ugh f this
good
My the best
Ok
Nice .I love facebook.Its my life.you Friends Pls .
Dr
Nice
a.abdulah20@yahoo . com
it's always say "unfortunately facebook has stopped" what happen please fix this problem
¡¤_¡¤
My phone memory is decreasing due to ur updates...and sometimes no change will be there even if i update..
Badshah
Ty
It's stable.  But plizz add the possibility of copying texts
I got this to day
Fix this app now! Ever since I updated it, I can't even open the app to look at my news feed, it kicks me out of the app right away. My news feed doesn't load properly like it used to, this app sucks.
Best
Love this ap

Veery nice app please download
update current newz feed posts are missed but see old posts...
Veary
Excellent
I have tried it before.its out standing
Its ok
But videos are playing in ur own player. We can't download any videos
fb
Hate it
It's best for uc browser's facebook
Meow
do not want to update saying wrong package
Nice but sometimes on my notification is not working. I can't even recieve any notification. Pls fix it. Tnx!
Very nice
I'm afraid to update mainly because it seems with the new update you are forced to look at Top Stories and have to physically change it to Most Recent. Everyone complains but fb doesn't change it.
Useful.
Munna Khan
Awesome
Good
Fb calling now not activated in UAE please fix the problem.
Itz a good app bt after update it force closes allot
Always connects too
T
By updating my dp disappearing again n again...3 times i upload different pic...problm still exist...updating forcely bad bad bad
Awesome
Since the last update it has become really slow and laggy, it often gets fronzen and stops
Please fix problems it keeps freezing on my s4 won't scroll up or down really getting old
Loved it
Too many crashes while using the app. If this problem is solved. Would give full 5 stars.
Is vry good now .... but more can be done ... like allow GIF
Vry nice
It,s v.bad update after i downloded it facebook stoped working on my mob. It doen't work at all i hate it . please i want the last update it was much better
Great
Ever since the new update Facebook just automatically closes itself please fix
I
Ravindar
If I install some apps,always insufficient on space,that's y im going to uninstall this app everytime I install games . Hastle
Good
Very good
World is no. 1 social network
God is great
Nooooot
Good
Out in the open
You
Mayan lah.
Lol
It is so that you can keep up with your friends and family
For some reason I can not install on my tablet. Use to be on here but not anymore. Dislike this!!!
Nice
Awesome! what'a app!
facebook
This is amazing app ever
Social media is the epitome of society
Really bad ...totly time vest.....
Its fast but sometimes photos take too much time to load
Honeycomb, please?!
Great"!!!
Love facbook
Install
facebook
Cool update
Pos won't open videos
Biarani
Samsung S3 Timeline not loading, news feed not loading, videos not playing(says error) nothing loading since latest update. Please fix!
This update is showing me a news feed from days ago.. not current and doesn't give me option for most recent.. hate the new look. Doesn't work at all for my Verizon 4G note 3. P.o.s app as usual. . Permissions ridiculous as well!!
I
I LOVE Facebook
From this app to rate watched movies(movie rating from watched movie list) is not possible. Also during commenting if I mention/tag any movies name it does not highlights with original page.
Always good
V.very go.....d
Too slow...
It dislikes photos when I press the like button.very annoying
Nice fb update... Bet imma have funn
Fast
This is a good app
Love you
Stop updating this app every now and then!
Latest update full of glitches.  Prevents my phone from answering calls from dormant screen state.  Force closes frequently.  Only solution is to uninstall all updates, putting the app back two years, and losing most of its functionality.  Needs urgent fixing.  HTC Desire HD. Was fixed in last update but is back to force closing my phone.  Sort it out please. Same issue happening again even when not syncing contacts.
Good
Awesome
News feed settings makes fb crashes....  Horrible update
Good Now
;Chicago lli.
why you change the view it is good if the facebook is like a pic. in the computer

work great but cannot save video.
What a worthless apps, wont let me play vidoes n stops in the  middle!  Sony Xperia 2
It to good all of my stuff load fast
Now news feed wont load and I cant view pictures or videos.  What in the world did u do FB?  Please unfixed your fix!
I liked it
The last version was better than this!!n
destinee
You guys keep making the app bigger. Can you make it smaller and I'll give five stars
I love it
20131081
Makes battery go down in seconds.....Crashes all time
Loved it
6/3/2014 new version
:)
Fuckk
Ys
Bad bad bad
I love it
I have to log in again again..as I am automatically logged out the next moment I use it after closing
But hard to download videos
This new "listening" thing is a lie. It tells you the the recordings never leave your phone but the only way to decrypt the recording is by taking it off your phone. But it's still and I like using it except that now is taking all the websites and places I go to
Nice game
I love facebook and the app is cool
This is its update new got verzion
I think people use it to hurt people life most of time
It refuses to fully post anything on others walls, and when u go to tag it keeps saying updated needed. But when I go to update the app there is no update.
Keeps me in contact wit my family up home.
Good
Hi from Kayla
Aplikasi yang berat bgt, bisa kasih versi yang simple gak ya
A+...  I Love FaceBook's Social Assistance: For Enjoyably Sharing Lots Of Things, From All Of Us, With Lots Of 'FaceBook Others', + In Our Familial Communications, + In Our Photo-Journals, Shots & Albums + In Our Deeper Thoughtful, Studied Opinions & Notes, + In Our  Universally Appealing Spur-of-Moment Pathoses, + In Our Prayers & Blessings + In Our Human-Interest Narratives, + In Our  Bulletin Board Announcements... All Instantly Published! "I Just Love Facebook!"
I dont recieved notification i have a lot of notification and msg but i dint notify fix it
The new improvement have made it better than before doesn't shut down by itself any more and let's me access my events and profile now
This Facebook app is easier to use than iOS!
Crashes every time I open messaging
Great
Good
Videos still don't play correctly on my Rezound phone. They just freeze
Excellent
V.good
Good app
Ever since this app got updated my videos dont ploay like wtf maaaaan -.-
Vmm.mmm..mkm  rrr.n.t..mymmj  ..   ..
Nice
I have use it
After update I'm not able to see my new feeds please refix this issu
I dont give a crap about the "top stories" I JUST want the "most recent" stories.
Nikul
Maza a gaya
Facebook
Ok saje
Not so good
Good
Gud app but not better than opera mini's facebook
Good
Strike this site for the worst/ most inaccurate security in existence.
Always needed *****
Really very usable app thanks.
Nicee
Ok
Up dated 3 times now and still can't view videos . I have to uninstall then re install just to view videos. Exit fb and log back in and back to the same crap . Can't view a video ....sucks
Whatever is wrong with this app needs to be fixed for a better rating this is stupid. I'd rather read MOST RECENT stories not stories from three days ago. And videos will stop working in the middle of them and says it cannot be played because an "unknown error occurred".... VERY ANNOYING! Might want to fix this p.o.s.
Facebook
I cant view the videos or pics. What happened ?! It was fine last week.
Loving it :)
Its very good especialy with the new up date! Great way to connect with friends
Best apps for my fb thanks
Works great :)
It is AWESOME
Good app!  Use it daily!
Mst h
i tired of reinstall this apps i cant log on always incorrect password but im 100% sure  i typed it correctly.stupid things,what the hell is happening? And body can answer me?
Fun
nice!
love it :)
Getting mad at this app
Great job!
JIFTI
I love it i use it when  im not at home
Hate it don't want it remove from my phone
I'm Fully Satisfied With This App 
I can't watching video. When I go out the video is stuck on my home screen to my phone
Facebook rocks
Slow
Dono wat happened to it.. suddenly its not opening... sort out tis prob fb..
Worst update ever...
Very good app
Good
I like pie so much that I will marry pie but then for desert we will have pie and find out that it was my wife's cousin
facebook ask to update and i updated bt the updated facebook isnt installing in my phone. how can i again install it
Too many glitches

Samsung Galaxy 5 Active
Good
Awesome
Gr8
Glitches when refreshing. Other than that pretty okay
Its dissapntd.. Plz fix it... Its to slw and not working properly...  :(
not supported
I love it
Love it thats all i can say about it and its easy to use
Needs to update your news feed more often
Except lately I haven't been getting my notifications... Lame.
I cant play the video. Poor.
Its very easy
Consume mucha memoria aun cuando esta en segundo plano lo otro es que me parece absurda la cantidad de espacio que necesita para instalarse incluso para actualizarla tengo que desintalarla y volver a instalar porque es que casi nunca puedo actualizarlar asi como asi porque me salta el error de espacio insuficiente... (y no voy a eliminar las demas aplicaciones por un actualizacion de FB ademas vuelvo y repito al desintalar la vieja y instalar la nueva otra vez desde cero si me agarra).
Application
Great
I have wifi and it tells me I lost connection wtf
I love this app
I love my Facebook, but at times I'd wish they would leave the updates alone!
It
Its very nice to talk each other..
Thanks FB the update fixed the issues with my Asus android tablet.
Da la line xde aii lambat betul la line kat kg aq ni.sakit pulak hati kite ni...
We all use it so it's Facebook take it or leave it. ....
Good for the most part
Good app
Kind of good most of the time very slow and others don't work.
This app lags too much
bullet
Love it
I have Samsung galaxy s3 how I can write a post an update via s3 how ??
great
Smker
GOOD
Don't know why but after the lastest 2 updates, the app will automatic close after loaded for some seconds. I am on android 4.3.
Gud app
facebook
Videos auto play with option switched off and crash all the time.
Awesome
Newly updated version is usless.. Its logged out automatically.. Irritating app.. Shiiiiiiitttttttt... Too bad.. Its occupy my phone memory. :( tooooooo slow
Cnt even open it !!
Super
(Y)
Please dont
Fun
If you made any actions like comments, likes, and posts, it will not show up..
Decent
Nice
Best app ever
Love it
The best Facebook app i've ever got, there are so much dofferent and i really love this one.
Awesome App..
Getting better
Nicely done 
My app
I like it
WoW! this is running like butter in my mobile.  5 Stars
Really awesome to meet friends so far us but fb keep it near......
Nice app
I love
It keeps freezing when I want to watch YouTube
So far so good
Number one
Why does it always say error saving the photo???!!! Like seriously.i had uninstall ajd install this app since forever
To many bugs and errors unnecessary changes that slow downs the experience with automatic video starts I would think this would be bad because it could inflict a virus from a unwanted source
Friends
Crashes all the time now...newsfeed from three hours and days ago....nothing is up to date like it was before this update....please fix or I will be uninstalling it on my device.
Nice
The layout tooks some getting use to. But now it just keep crashing.
The size of this application is really very heavy may be we can reduce the size coz after the installation it becomes 45.68 mb
Error -24?
I like this app I loved it
The
Yeah
Esta bueno
Unable to pull up pictures or videos
App does not send me any notifications to my phone! Very annoying!
I like it more the MySpace
Face book
1-Can't delete Comments of my friends & delete them.             2-Can't edit photo album's captions.    3-when i set a new profile picture,it always say to crop it! W*F why??? Fix it
Facebook Is amazing
The app frequently times out fetching data and the widgit is especially slow to update statuses.
I just loved the app!
Facebook hasn't worked without wifi
Why do you need access to my camera and microphone??? Fb used to be tolerable but not since they amped up their spying. If I choose to share what I'm watching or listening to I'm more than capable. I don't need your "help". So big brother's name is Mark Fuckerburg? No thanks, losers
Painting Artist.
Sangat bagus
One of the best app I have ever seen. Keeping me in touch With my friends family and world
I like it but I m worried about my friends and family cause I think a girl spammed me and now they could even be using a clone page of Facebook I never get phone calls Ronnie blew up my internal speakers so I can't hear it ring and use my boom sound
Make Most Recent a default setting again for the newsfeed. I am sick of looking at the Most Popular posts all day long and having to search for new posts!
I can't install it!! There's always an error !!
I would really love this if it were fast and easy
The chat ap slows and locks up my system the facebook app creats legg on my samsung wish fb ppl would fix it
Please add video call!! Please!!!
Overall the app is fine, works great fast n stable, the only problem i facing is when i like the post then some time a notification pops out saying 1 update waiting. These will postwhen you're online... Plzz fix it n i will give it  5 stars
It won't let me view photos, claiming that they don't exist or that they aren't avaliable, even they clearly are.  I don't like this one bit :/
It looks the same from the old one
Good app
It show's get update your app and not even get update this app but ...all about it is averag app need too improvement. .
This app use to load perfectly.  Now with better updates it is worse than ever. Note 3 won't load app right. I go in browser works great.  App sucks
Nice app...i like it
TCL
When I try and download the app to my phone it says error code "-24" and won't let me download the app. Hate it!
I can't save comment photo on this version. My ph is galaxy mega 6.3 lte, Android version 4.2.2 lastest. Pls fix this bugs.
Since your last update I can't like comments on my phone. It keeps telling me I have an update to go online Nothing shows up
I play it everday
Still no way to set most recent as default view.
Why can you take pics or audio without consent? Pics load very slow on good WiFi or 4g
Girl n boy
awesome
Saya sangat sangat sukasuka
Great!,"No complaints, It's Facebook"
I like you app
Okaii its not like the computer  but its like woow its nice and fun
pls... resolve this developers asap.
Held to ransom! Force you to download their messenger by making it increasingly difficult to message via app or online. How honourable?! Disgusting company
Ible
I can't get it to download to my phone again and support won't answer my emails.
Awesome
I then uninstall update and use only factory version.
sandeep
Galaxy s5
Their  is  nothing  I can  really  say about it cuts it's wonderful
I like it
It freeze
I never had Facebook in my whole life
K
Its kool to interact with my family n friends... I love it
Needs to speed faster
Keep tell that "these will post when you're online"
I am having issues in my inbox. It is giving me a code and saying some really weird stuff. It won't let me view the message until the fourth try.
Pretty dope :-) :-) :-)
This app is SOOOO SLOW!! Worst app I've ever downloaded, and I enjoy Facebook. But not anymore!!!
I really don't like the latest update. Now i need to undo, undo, undo, to see notifications, message, friend request, & news feed.. Please fix this!!
Nice
Forget managing you party invites on this version of fb. Sucks!
why i can't  see  the most like comment in status in photo!!!
Love it
"1 update waiting. ..These will upload when you're online"
App is taking FOREVERRR to download ugh f this
it din't work
Needs to be updated to android design! Way outdated compared to Google plus!
Rashadgujjar
Nice
I love facebook!
Nice app
Thanks
Why did the search filter have been removed?
Cool
1732910.. plz fix!!Too slow and so far service is very poor please fix!!
Don't understand y u need to know so much of my private info.

Nice app but see dat while loading pic & saving it on device it do not take a long time ..& also see that videos are not played automatically..........
After the latest update it's working perfect.
Most
Good
IDK
I will rape all the kids
This app is all in one.....
Good

Works great
No complant on this app
Always freezing up, and won't play videos
Fabulous app
Anwer
I love u fb apps
Chikis
Bagus sih laguk ye girang lemot app ne..
It's clear that you broke something. I'll just use the mobile site until you fix it.
I just downloaded this on my Asus ZenFone 4 and when I open it crashed.. please fix
Good
Poor performance, stability and speed! Needs a lot of optimization, bug fixes and UI enhancements.
That's why I don't want to auto-update my apps, coz i don't know what kind of updates they will give us. This app usually crashes, and I hate the most is that, we can only upload 30 photos.
Rai
I love Facebook
Awesome
And could u guys maybe make it so we could coment on coments and it sounds pretty stupid but i think its a great idea
Not sure what the hell happened but it freezes up and automatically crashes can't view photos videos automatically play even though that feature is disabled. Did update made all of these worse than before used to much ram on my phone since the new update. Never refreshes the  news feed im always looking at posts from 3 days ago. Not even sure why I am giving it 4 stars :/ fix this mess asap please
Beautyful
Whatever you thought you were improving didn't work!!  You effed it up!!  The news feeds are slow to load,  can't view pics or vids,  and it's affecting messaging as well.  Seriously!!!  Fix it and fix it NOW!!!
Cool
Facebook is great ,ikeep in touch with my family everywhere !
Awesomeness
Won't update....says not enough storage??? Wth? I have a 32G SD card! Had to uninstall and reinstall! This is crazy!videos and pics won't load either.
Good
Good afternoon
Delete dis crap..
Good
I installed Facebook in my mobile
Besi
Cool
My apps
Beautiful
Okay
Now takes forever to load photos, will not play videos and says connection lost when I try to open my timeline review (nothing wrong with my connection btw). Please fix this mess.
I m try to update but no can updating. What problem is this.?  99% update and next cancel atomatic why wtf is this. .?
I cannot use my face book
But news feed takes time to a load even if WiFi connection is receiving full signals
Good
Great works
When i open this then after 10second its nt working nd exit
All of the sudden NONE of the videos will play.  They did perfectly fine then BAM stops working  says there is a video error. Fix it.
Just wanna new feature..... like copy any type of text is really needed
54321
Good way to keep up with the family thats far away
So nice
YA
I don't kno wat u guys done w the app but can't even load it
I can't see pictures.  And some videos I can't watch..  I don't get it
Good
Hate all the videos playing automatically.

If I click a posted video, the app crashes. Can you please fix this issue??
It's really nice
The quality of this app had gone steadily downhill from 2011 on.
Awsome
this is not a good app..cant install it...better not to use this app grrrr....
Ok app
Updated one day ago and haven't been able to see any pics since then.
Good application !!!
Love this app :)
Sukh
ferpectly good
:) :)
Better than Google +
Worst facebook ever..always force to close and freezing..need more update that..
its a pride of play store
ths make my fb life m0re exctng
But needs to be faster
Can't download the app??
My password was sniffed, I couldnt get on face book for 3mo. I cant report( (creep jessieI jessie  I belive is an abusive jerk.) This person wants to friend me. Facebook is renagade. Dumb . If I owned stock in fb I'd sell it fast. Remove everything. I never gave permission to post my phone# . abuse or even general feedback doesn't work. I want my whole facebook page everything , taken down!for  Com Cast, Charter told me my wifi,& phone is  hijacked,Charter called it serious important. I cant even play . -
Nice
top and listen to your feed back. My 12 year old can write better data script than this. Stop refreshing my page while I'm reading stories, and stop automatically playing videos eating up data. We're not all rich and can afford 3000 dollar data bills.
Slow, so slow. The new update is a tragedy. Bring back newest stories as a default, you don't know what I want to see like you think you do
Mobil
My password was sniffed, I couldnt get on face book for 3mo. I cant report( (creep jessieI jessie  I belive is an abusive jerk.) This person wants to friend me. Facebook is renagade. Dumb . If I owned stock in fb I'd sell it fast. Remove everything. I never gave permission to post my phone# . abuse or even general feedback doesn't work. I want my whole fscebook page everything I wanit taken down! Com Cast, Charter told me my wifi,& phone is  hijacked,Charter called it serious important. I cant even play . -
tbh. who tf still uses fb?
I lik it
My turn off notifications doesn't work at all. Please fix. Htc Evo 4G Lte
Trish hday
Nice app
If there was a 0 id give it this facebook sucks a$$, old one was way better and the only reason i got this is because i got a new phone, seriously facebook youre people suck
Awesome
I love the " real facebook" experience....that this app provides...gud job!.
I'd had Facebook a few years back and cancelled it.  But then I decided to go back.  I reinstated my account, but needed a new password.  They sent me a confirmation code and it didn't work.  Then they sent me another one and it didn't work, either. I can't access it.  So I may be on Facebook, but I'll maybe never know because all the codes they sent didn't work.  I tried to set up one under my married name and there's some snafu there, too.
Love it
Nice app...but sometimes i cant see whos online in error loading please fix this...
:) :)
I Love this App!!!
Ek no na bhauuuuuuu
Some old version better then new version.....
Useless! Absolutely pitiful
The most recent update killed my ability to post photos from my Samsung Galaxy S5. When I confirm the photo to post, the app screen goes white and then returns to the Facebook feed without posting anything.
Love. It
Interesting updates
Keeps crashing and makes the device slow
i dont know what the problem with this update.. maybe not compatible this update to my phone.. GT-S5360 its so annoying this app choose only a higher specs phone?? or higher android version?? if u say my phone has a problem.. i say NO.. ur UPDATE IS SUCH A SUCK AND SOOO USELESS
Haven't had any trouble with the new updates.
This is perfect
Your privacy is reduced with each update.. fb is getting ridiculous
Videos won't work on sony Xperia z. Wifi or network data
Every thing works ok but when we open video shared by friends it simply closes the app.....   Older app was much better than this.
How hard is it to allow people to switch between posting as their page/profile like it is done on the web site. Downloaded the app so I wouldn't have to lumber through the mobile browser and yet that is what I have to do if I wish to comment on anything involving my page (which is manned by several other people) and post as myself. Will increase score once this is fixed. (Edit: they fixed it, only 4 star because it is Facebook and Facebook is the devil)
Great
Friends
Good
Great app
Massenger
Nice Facebook! App keeps freezing up, nothing will load, keeps force closing!! So frustrated thinking of deleting!!!
: )
Allhabad
This isn't so much of an issue on my tablet but I can't install this on my HTC One V because of how much resources it uses up.
It made me happy
Great. App
Its no. One social app. I like it and it will be for long.
Why don't you explain why you need to know my applications and why you added the ability to draw over apps. O one more thing stay out of my notification tray. This app has gotten shady as hell. Way to intrusive.
Okay
Superr se uperr app
Sogood
Today I had to uninstall this app.. The force close problem got out of hand. I have tried everything, even wiped data a couple of times, still so many problems.. Also, why does it need almost 100 MB of my space when logged in? It is way too much.
Good use
C00l
Good but
Day
I have a Bionic, and did the update for this and it has to be the worst update you have put out there! It sucks! You need to make sure it works before updating it! I'm giving it one week, fix it or I'm uninstalling...
Netflix
Facebook needs a little more
I like this app but the thing is that my phone always says that force closed
Need to be able to unfollow post on mobile its very annoying
The best app
My Galaxy S3 just recently got android 4.4.2 and ever since the app stopped working. I uninstalled to reinstall and now it went even download. Needs to be fixed soon.
I hate this new update
Very nice
Rehan khan
It has me offline most of the time. I have a great signal with great wifi but it still renders offline

I like it
Yall Did A great Job
Ill give 5 stars when you stop reading all of my personal details.
The
Good app
Carole.     Barker
Since the upgrade , I can't log in anymore !! The upgrade should make it  better not worse than before !!!!
Wont load news feed. Automatically exits while youre still using it. Keeps flashing that something went wrong. Like duuuuhhhh! Annoying
It's best virson
Good apps.
Para kektiar
I like fb is very nice nd chating to my friends
This app slows my phone, it made me hate my phone , the only reason Im bearing it, is because I cannot download photos without it, accept for this it is totally useless.
No thanks
Vicky
It suks
I DONT WANT RECOMENDATIONS WHEN I WATCH A VIDEO ALL I WANT IS THE VIDEO AND BLACKNESS AROUND IT!!!
It never works and I always has problems!
I can't see pictures!! This app SUCKS!!!!!
Apa-apa jelah
Singe me up
Won't stop fc ing since update...program is now close to worthless
54321
The language problem was solved. Its working properly
Good
Love FB
Ok, was not excited that u guys did away with letting ppl on cells post pics on groups posts... I hope that makes since... im really missing that.. :'( please bring the option back.. thanks.
I click on a video, then it will start, freeze up, then you will only hear to sound.
Not bad could be better
I love this application
Thanks
Love it found my husband on here!!!!
nice fb apps
Still no option to default to most recent.  Apparently, whoever is responsible can't read.  Multiple comments expressing the same problem and nothing changes.  Again and again.
FB on the GO. What else a man want.
It won't let me "like" anything.its freezes all the time . It's awful I wish i could give it negative stars.
Padma
Facebook is a great app, but I can't believe I'm still installing it though, I started like yesterday, but otherwise great app!!!:)
It's great but sometimes something went wrong
Just like every other app on here
Ok
I hate fb now!!!!!
Seriously  uninstalling it's was perfectly fine before this update now I don't even have the option to choose from most recent stories to top stories that's just stupid why would I wanna see stories from 3 days ago ugh you guys are seriously slacking this app was fine before
Every time I want to watch a video now it comes up unexpected error
Baik
Great
Also me
Chubby
Hi
Paly sorts
Facebook is the great way to find old friend and kaleeg to.
Why every post shows just now even it is posted long time ago? Help
Bovas lukose
I like it
I like Facebook not only did I fine my firends I also found my cousins And other family members.
This app is good you get tochat with your friends and play freegames on thiss Facebook App
YES
Facebook
Every time i get an Error message that unfornately facebook has stopped
Really when u feel alon that app help to do or enjoy with your world
Uninstalled and now I cannot get it reinstall. Saying error 492...
Pls have move to SD card option.
I love Facebook
Cool
"Network Error"
superb
best app
I am trying to download the app but it always come out saying unknown error "-24". Is it my phone or is it the applucacion? Does this happen to anyone else or just me ?
Kept saying "just a moment" when u open it.updates comes so slow and very late!!!!!!
I. N. S. AKA.EYE IN SKY.
Facebook
Cool
Its best
This version stinks. Constantly freezing up, won't load news feed, won't show pictures, etc. If you go into the app manager you can force stop it and clear the data / cache and it works for a while, but that's pretty annoying to do over and over again.
I cannot find ac way to view the most recent post in my timeline.
I love it.
Neat
My fb hardly ever opens.. and when it does it closes. Im tired of restarting my phone. Please fix this
Its crashing crashing and crashing. The hell with your update. Restore it to previous version and no nees of your updates. Every time you makes the hell update.
Good facebook app but cant tag people other than your friends.
never worked fast
Thanks for all types
This release will not download my newsfeed unless I'm connected to my wifi. Something is seriously wrong with this version.
I me not see the new feed fax thes
Facebook
Lacks a lot of simple features such as taking an organization or page. This company is so massive... is it to much to expect an awesome app from them?
Seeeeeerrrrrrrrrrtaaaaaa
Its a gd
Keeps freezing when I try and view an album, get it fixed,  also people's posts dissappear when I refresh the page on app. Not happy at all
Bk gyan
Installed it but it is not appearing on my main screen it is better than twitter
please fix it.
Games
Its really bad, frezzes all the time
i haven't use a fake or nick name.. i am on fb with my original name then why should i varify my account again and again.. in just one day fb requires me to varify my accout... why... its so irritating... it sucks...
It's okay, I reckon.
I LOve it Wel evry bO d y has Facebook
Better
Doesn't connects to hayday for me :(
Why aren't there usable emoticons on Facebook that are posted through Facebook Messenger! Get with the times!

Slow and buggy but better than before
Nice
Good site
Always keeps me connected
Toatlly cool and boss
Ever since the revamped fb come out its been crashing!!!!! Quit making updates you don't need!!!!! If it ain't broke don't fix it!!!!
I love Facebook because I can talk to my friends .I love. To have new. Ones to because new ones are funny
FaceBook
App is good but there are no shares to see. I can't see that how many shares I have got on my post ! Pls fix this ASAP
When I look up a page or friend the page freezes then cuts out. The new update is garbage
Khalid
Can U PEOPLE WHO R DOIN FACEBOOK ON MOBILES AND ANDROIDS AND TABLETS AND I PADS CHANGE THE FACEBOOK APP ITS MAKIN ME MAD MAKE IT BETTER!
inappropriate pics and videos
Drama
I like turtels
Good
I can't download face book software
Have a constant task bar at the top please. When I go into messages, to get out of them I have to hit the back button a bunch of times.  Previously I could tap the 'then visible' messages or newsfeed or whatever button. Sorry, but Facebook has become annoying and difficult to use.
Uploading videos stick, then when I click to cancel upload, it keeps trying to upload. Runs down my battery, so I end up having to uninstall and reinstall fb to stop the upload process.
Great...
It gets 60 Mb of Memory just when I Log In
Idk if its my phone or the app
Whenever it's not working, it's because there is an update. Go slow. Don't try and test every single line of code. Come on man
Loved
Now i cant open it..
Good
I just hate this app now.
Can't complain
Facebook app for androids
Facebook has improved a lot !
arabic hashtag doesn't work
One click fb..its good..
Really disappointed after the latest update,it keeps on showing things that i hace already seen after refreshing my news feed
There has to be more options when it comes to data restriction with this app. It's a pig! I can only do so much on my phone. Though the bulk of usage is foreground. I'm on a 2 gig plan as I'm sure others are on restrictive plans. Can't really like a half gigs use in only 7 days.
Thanks for fix the problem but I still have one problem its when I comment in pictures or anything tjey tell me there is error I try to send it again but I can't.....so plz fix it and I will gove u 5 stars!
Nice, functional interface. Very good.
Plagued with load errors regardless of internet connection. Moving photos around in the upload drawer is a nice feature. Feed sometimes goes bonkers and shows yesterdays events and posts. Still needs work.
It's kool
Very very slow.
Newest update makes the app useless. News feed takes forever, pictures won't load, and the whole experience is slowed down and laggy. Idk what you did but please undo it for a better rating

Shaikh
Thanks
Best
Keeps force closing everytime I try to open the app I have to uninstall and reinstall just for it to work plz fix
i love it. no need monthly bill its free and reliable!!! gteat fb with globe.
I can't update and leavs my chat on for over 1h after i tern it off and it logs it self off all the time
Just got a Galaxy SIII.. the prob is I constantly having to remove  & upload the app everytime I go into fb. Then while on it, if I share pics to my post..instead of bringing me to where I left off it puts me to top of page where I started when logging in. Its very frustrating to scroll thru all over again. Plus slow to load at times. Pls remedy this! I really love this app. Thx!
Nice
Stupid new feeds ,, stupid refresh ,, >_<
I love keeping in touch with family and friends also making newfriemds
For my mom
Supper kewl
How about making facebook for kids because every kid see there parents on facebook and they ask if they can have a facebook so there parents say no and they feel bad
Wow
Great
Excellent but!!
At first try it is not good but after you restart yur phone it will be good
Since the app has updated automatically, on both; my phone and my tablet, I have been automatically signed out every couple of minutes. Now my newsfeed won't update and I can't reply to people's messages. Please either remove the update or fix it.
Its ok
I' loved it and I am giving full marks
Has some loading problems sometimes, but overall has greatly improved since I've had the app
After I installed the latest update for my samsung galaxy 2, videos will not play. I have messaged facebook 3 times to report the bug but they have yet to act on it. Wish I could undo the update.
Getting better.
Queens
Very new ce
Hi this application is really superb. I really like it.
Its kinda slow but its alright
No problems here.. ...
Love it
It's pretty fast, messaging is great, it's just a really good app
B. Hn .@  n n h y ..h hnn .  uN u
This app can now read your text messages. Zero privacy
News feed takes too long to load, if it even loads at all. Pics and vids almost never load as well. Never had any problems before the update.
Love it
Amazing I think it works awesome when you upgrade too.
Nice f.b
Ehhhhh
Now let me check this **** out!!!!!
Excellent
Crashes randomly
Best social app...
Not bad
very nice
My major complaint is I can click on a chat notification on my phone then do something else on my phone while having a conversation. Later when I try to leave the chat and go to my news feed it is like I have a chat open for every notifcation I had clicked.
Awesomeness lol
I'love imt
Meh
It expresses my feelings.
I love it
News feed is now permanently set to top stories.
Faster than before :-)
I just downloaded this and it won't even load the sign in page and has kicked me off twice I'm undownloading this.
Cool
D naman madownload :(
Very nice
Pavrihra
Every thing is good on here but it always froze  and it also logged me out ALL THE TIME every thing else is good
This fb app.don't show news update.and fb.id log out imegeately
Freezes facebook when a video is loading
Facebook
best social internet ever
Crappy
Sometime to much data for my pc and blank or error
Now having problem with unknown error while playing video in fb. Please fix this
Hate update please make it normal again                         please make it normal
My app has not updated even though it shows that it should  have been able to on the 12th still no update what's the deal ? Update the app is fixed finally thanks a lot keep up the good work
Wowww
Awesome
v
Last update just killed it for me.  Useless junk now
Joanna D. Malaca
Very quick no complaints
best social internet evet
Excellent but a little overweight in the overhead department!
nice job
I always get an error that something went wrong and the video stopped. I would understand if that is just for one or two videos but it happens to all videos that i try to view!!!!! Please fix!!!!!!!!
Loved it
Keep getting a message saying update waiting and been signed out of the app numerous times. Please fix this.
Improvement possible.
yes love it.. use it very much especially for my family in philippines
Very" good...
but please pleaseadd this exist option....   and back option
Since the newest update, The news feed WILL NOT LOAD! Completely useless after 7/6/14 update
I need this app
Its more faster ..
Uruguay uhh fag f subdivide in Fuji th birth bbe buggy v f th v ft g th chugging th j
This latest update completely ruined my app. My news feed is always "top stories" and what not from days ago. I don't care! I wanna see recent chronological stuff. I have to set it to most recent, but then it blocks out the notification bar. I am disappointed in Facebook right now.
Love this app alot always on it
Ha mejorado mucho!!!
Too heavy for opened face book on android...
Verygood
It's great
i like it because i . Can talk to my friends now
Can you just reverse all these updates? Now after the latest one I keep getting a message saying update waiting will post when you are online. Well I'm obviously online or I wouldn't be on Facebook. Thus not registering what I liked or posted etc. Sort it out because you have a lot of unhappy reviews Here I see
Ruins lives
Install
This new facebook sucks so much! Why is it that I need to go into the list and view the most recent newsfeed rather than it already being set up that way?! Why are you trying to make it twitter because it isn't? If I wanted to use Twitter, which I also have and use, I would use it. SO disapprove and you need to change it back. This is a serious downgrade and the newsfeed should already be what is most recent and shouldn't have one that isn't. It says I need to update then wont let me. Ready to stop using FB
Very helpful
Just ok because so many time Facebook has stopped I don't know why
Video downloading problem therefore I do not give five stars
Something i do alot of
I can update whats new:)
Good
Sejuk
Whatever you guys have done i don't like it because when i go on the main Facebook Application i can not chat to friends on my list status updates r fine but can not click on my friends to chat please fix it by next update u guys r just lucky i have Facebook instant messenger if i did not i would b more unhappy !!
That last update or whatever you people did.....please for the love of god undo it......fb is not suppose to suck!
Cool
Reshaw
Anyone who uses Facebook at this point is completely complacent. From reading text messages to conducting psychological experiments. Delete this spying app.
Wont let me download facebook, soooo bummed out........
Love it
Great
I love it I found everybody
Bad
Pucking thing sticks a lot
Yes love it
Drake
It's very slow,
He deserved de tanx Given
Ok
My #1 PET PEEVE is that instead of being able to block "My Profile"  from any and all game invites FB makes everyone go through the tedious action of blocking individuals from sending game invites. That is too time staking and nobody does this. Please change this, WE'VE been asking for years
Great.
You can connect with your family and reunite with friends.
Download it now.
Yea
The facebook update sucks
Ghattiya fb
Its good
Photos
I try to download this app but everytime i download it will stop at 12% downloading ! Whats wrong !
This app needs to be updated!!!! This version is a junk.. actually, all your versions are crap. when will you be able to do it right? huh?
Why i can't view my photo if i save to my gallery
HANAN
It could be better
Im gay
Ok
I love fb but nt enough welll such ofjf nd uv jkbd ejwhehr hehehehh ahhahah
I like facebook
It's facebook needs no description !
Good
This update force closes
The only problem us u can't see how many friends u got
Slow loading
Best media
Whatever you did to this app,undo it. It's always crashing. It wont refresh my newsfeed. 
Improved !!

We have to be abble to download pics without taking screen shot. Other wise, it's a great app
Getting bttr
Cool
It's okay.
Good
Its An Okayy App. It Just Takes Forever To Download && Stops A Lot Which Forces Me To Close The App.
Don't download on Samsung rush ...
Maybe a couple of new options should be added...
Good.we want good updates......download picture comments controller  in bing or etc.......and...playing Games don't  downloading
Really love the app
It's awesome
Mantap
Difficult to navigate on smartphone
It shows that I have a notification in my inbox but when i press it, it doesn't show me the message.. And when i log out, the notification is still there.. Please fix this felix.. :P
Epic pice of work man love facebook because I like to keep up to date with everything
Can see images of ur friends or family members and u can chat with them or u can post things In there and all of the people could like it or comment on ur post and it  helps u a lot
It fab I get to talk to all my friends and family on line its so so cool
Facebook, I don't know what you did, but the app crashes constantly now, and is unusable. Causes spontaneous reboots as well, which is even more annoying.
No notifications sound or vibration
Aqalnawaz
Facebook
Iuu Iuu kkkkkkkkki lo 'llo op0ooppl poo pp lo pp lo) pkkio ppo ok po poopppppoo ooooo uiuppppooi iioooopooplppppo9l
Good
Waste of data want to much access to phone and information... is the NSA fundin Facebook now???? Same old crappie in a new box...
I gave 3 star becoz.. mark zurk  reroll alliance
Is amazing 5star...
best app facebook comication app ¨ß(¨R¡ó¨Q)¨Ï
I think it is epic if it would not let me install it instead of just saying ERRO
I be on it all tha time
Don't work on my phone after update no pictures very slow to no responce 0 rating will uninstall from phone
Malayalam language reading problom
Facebook
This social app is  so fablous
Its cook I can text my friends
Better improvements over older versions....handle memory more efficiently. .still it's Facebook so great work in progress.
Fb
Keeps freezing and force closing. How about an upgrade, rather than a downgrade every once in a while... I do not like this new version. I think I'll just go on the Web rather than use this stupid app.
Keeps force closing since last update!!!!
we want our status nd pic to have via android o
It takes more time to log in, then it starts loading every page, each and every time it take huge time to load news feed, photos, comments and even inbox.. when it starts loading, doesn't stop.. so, sometimes i am forced to think i would have a better experience of this app with my old JAVA phone.
Hi
Latest updated sucks. Near city statues is no longer showing up. Fix asal
installed many times, --->>>facebook cannot open. force closed--->>>uninstalled many times.
Soma
Love Facebook but constantly closes or doesn't play videos in. Xperia z1s
Needs an update. The videos don't work now....
I love Facebook
I like
The past 3 days have only showed the same posts it doesn't update when I refresh.  done with Facebook just going to use twitter instagram and reddit.
This app is so fun . You get to text people, look at pictures, write how you feel, and etc.. I have been using Facebook for the longest..I like it more than Twitter and instagram...if you didn't install this app...you need to because it will make your life fun !!!
New contents are much better
Love it
It always crashes and my notifications sometimes don't even appear so i have to use another device.
# SwaG_MerA_DesI_HaI ..... - Ooo TerA Bhaiiii Kya # Kam hai... ' - Ooo TerE Bhaiii Me b # Dum hai... '
Very.
Sometimes the app works fine but not always. There are often big time gaps in my news feed even though I am switched to most recent. I do not like the auto video loading option.
I JUST LOVE FACEBOOK!
How is it that fb is booming and they have a PATHETIC app?!
Facebook is awesome
Why r videos playing on their own? Cant find my apps continually having to uninstall then reinstall HELLO!!! Time to get the old developers back!!!!!
Jodi/Alyssa Gislason
Updates, updates, updates....ridiculous! Please stop doing this daily. I am going to uninstall-again!!
Who doesn't like this facefcuk peeps
Uninstalled, the app it's not even starting
This app gets updated at least once every day, and I'm not exaggerating, yet none of its many, many bugs ever seem to get fixed. What the hell are they doing?
Alhamdulillah
Why i can't open it?! T.T
Its not letting me download it keeps saying error code -24 please help
Cool
Open world
osm
This app is cool because I can connect with my sister
this is exactly app
Awesome app
Is my password
Love it
Can't play videos
It's OK
Best of Social Media love the new set up!!.!!
App
Yeh to chalti he ni :(
My phone does not let me see any of the pictures please fix I have a note 3 for T mobile
Child.....
I like the new layout and stuff hopefully i dont get anything unexpected
Awesome
Please at least show what's available for a Facebook Cover ! Or make any picture available! Please fix and ill give a 5 star rating
widget is not good
Nice
Facebook 1 tach all app
Its good but some times I cant get into it
Can't See Close Friend's Posts After Recent Upgrade..Fix It Fast..Other Wise Awesome App....
Amazing app
You all complain to much get over ur selfs
Most Recent Most Recent Most Recent Most Recent Most Recent Most Recent
Mine
Yupi!!!
Roberto gutierrez
Its really good and I enjoy using the app
Nice app .should fixes more bugs

I can't open it and I don't know why doesn't open
Great app
Helps Keep People Connected!
at first everything was nice a smooth but ever since it has been updated with a new look and stuff it has juss kept sticking and freezing ,and it has alot of bugs
Its so nice and helpful ..
Keeps freezing! No point in having this app if it's not functional.
Ever
Its a goods for me....wawawawa...
Its a Gud App guyz...   Must download N enjoy!!!
On my galaxy nexus with ice cream sandwich, I cannot successfully add my facebook account so the people app can see it.
Always problem when watch video. Pls fix it. After all would be 4/5 stars
Videos will only play for a few seconds and then error message states not able to play any longer.  Used on xperia z2. Very annoying so please fix.
Still use it tho
Hai
I can't watch a video since the latest updates.. it's so annoying.. it says 'error' when I tap on a video to watch it.. please fix it!
Beans
I was logged of automatically this New update sucks
I would seriously appreciate if you took the share button off or at least give the option to turn it off while I share my photos I do not want them shared on other ppl pages. Also I duslike the fact ppl can call you from fb its bull crap
Oh great
A bit slow
worst app ever...slower den browsers fb
This has been enabled again with no obvious way to turn it off. I have it disabled online but it just says reset on your mobile device. Very annoying. Uninstalling.
I have to keep uninstalling and reinstalling in order for this app to work. I always have full service or Wifi on when using and it will keep telling me error loading feed
Aap
Ily Landon
U
Wiki
I've forgotten my password and clicked on "forgot password" and it brought me to a tab to search for my account, it found my account but then it says "how would you like to reset your password?" But the only options are "continue" and "not my account". If I press continue, nothing happens and if I press not my account, it'll search for my account again. Please fix this.
Guys can u please help if i have forgotten my passwrd i cnt open my account there were lots of piks and videos .. Plx help
Sometimes it works very slow although the signal shows full
good
Just ace
If I must use something I am forced to use this works!!
Good
I am man aged 50yrs and well educated.
mst h yrr.
It's awesome
Why is it called an "update", but the app got worse every time. Awful lot of bugs, and together with messenger these are the only ones, which are hanging and freezing on my M8. Really...what is this...
Shows error every time I log out. And tedious option to untag others from my pictures. Uses a lot of RAM.
Cause I got a fb but then later I was okay unit I friend people who I know and one person keep friend me and I block him.  But someone went to my account and they message my friends and I keep getting phone calls that he was gonna get in my gmail and everything. I think fb need to be deleted forever!!!!!!!!!!
Worls no '1'
Unistalling ....
All games look good sn fun
I can talk to friends and family.
Awesome
Makes life easier
Its OK some times its not the best
Kasim
Good
New update sucks. I don't want to see stuff from weeks ago, I want to see stuff from today. Whoever keeps making these 'improvements' should have been fired years ago, each 'improvement' has been worse.
Evef2f mom w f2f w 'll Gmail lo o
I love this app
Sonice
Also would like the option put back on where you can see recent post instead of posts from people made yesterday
This update sucks.  It wont open pics when I click on them - if im watching a video it wont let me stop eatching it until its finished and its very glitchy
This app is malfunction and has been for a week on my note 3
It is very good i like it but you should make it faster
Gud app
facebook
Hlna qorira
Suggestions: allow font sizes to be changed. Not easy to read depending on device.
Would be better if I can recent updates first
Why can't I move to SD card? Please fix. You have Facebook Messages on SD card. Doesn't make any sense at all. Lame. Another reason why Facebook sucks. It used to be you could move it to the SD card.
Old version  was the best
Latest update causes the notification vibration option useless. I have it turned off but my phone always vibrates when I get a notification. Hate it.
There's still room for improvement.
Latest update made the app unusable in a Nexus 4 with Android 4.4.4 . Switching to mobile website until they fix it. I'm amazed that multi billion tech  companies do such low quantity releases.
LOVE FACEBOOK :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-)
Constant unknown error when playing videos.
It pretty decent. Its FB
Samsung galaxy S3 mini  My Facebook has automatic singed out but i can't sign in again I don't know what happened please solve this problem.
Needs to update . Needs to see the post when people post them.
I cant able to see any ones profile pic
bad uzer
Face book love so much
Download nhi ho raha kya kru
Works great
I cant log out! Each time I do or think I do it opens up again! This "newer upgraded verison" is horrible! Please, please fix it!!!
kp Pandey
Does wat it says on the tin lol
Why is newsfeed not "most recent" as default. How about 'no-one' for send you friend requests....
This version is not good
Every time I go in 2 facebook it takes me to Google store. Wtf!
Good
Want to unupdate everytime i post on the garage sale sites it also posts it on the main news feed want it to just post on the garage sale site.
I cant even download the app!
Somewhat Inconvenient
600
r
Excellent app..! Perfect!
Nice
Facebook
News feed is never up to date even when it's refreshed.  And app keeps freezing.  Even after killing app and restarting and Uninstalling the app.
News feed is all backwards.Recent posts arent showing in order.
i cant download n share text posts. i can share videos n photos from wall but sharing of text post is impossible. please guide, then i will give 5 stars
Pesima aplicacion nunca se actualizan las noticias.
It's OK but kinda bobo  
bakwas
Its facebook
Nyc
Fack book
Doesn't always work!
Since this recent update, I haven't been able to load any pictures over WiFi. They only seem to load over my LTE connection.
IT DOSNT KEEP ME UPDATED
super
Why is it so hard for this app not to suck!  Facebook never syncs with contacts!!!
I can't download face book software
Why taking so much space, facebook?
Needs work
Faster than earlier even on 2G
I can't do anything nothing will load this was my favorite app PLEASE FIX
Wtf have you done to this app. Now it gets stucked and it doesn't work properly.
Not such a great app
My Facebook has automatic singed out but i can't sign in again I don't know what happened please solve this problem.
Aj
Nice application
JOSHIM
The only complain I really have is the inability to change my news feed view to show the most recent post.... please fix. 5 stars if fixed.
Mi N C Tripathi
It sucks
So for 2 days now I have a notification in my status bar that wont go away. Apparently I liked a status and it wants me to know forever...
Cant view my videos from app.... not showing up under album galaxy s3
Ramadan kariim
Just undo awll updates of this app plzzz
Why so many updates?!
Dont sort the stories by what is top. You know nothing about what is important to me, or anyone else. But the most recent back to default.
But i still feel it's lacking final refinements.
Still below the expectations of a multi billion dollar company. The title bar takes up nearly a third of the screen in landscape.
Much happier with FB! App now.  Now that I upgraded my phone, it works much better! Not sure how it works for the older Android phones.
John whelan @tire auto 2
I love it but it won't let me download it
What a difference a Year make
To communicate people.
it is  awesome .... although some changes are not good enough...
Good  service
its take 45sec to open
It is good but one problem is that there is no hd 3gp and mp3
Works pretty well on my S3 sometimes crashes but overall it's come a long way
Wow
Just wow
Facebook
Best app to use
Can't open fb. Every time went I try to open it show force close. It happen since I update fb.
Best wishes
Goooood
I can't change my news feed from top stories to my friends latest status. Please help
ALWAYS     HAPPY :
Sharjeel khan
This app is rubbish on my HTC mini II. It's slow, clunky & takes forever to upload pictures or refresh.
My app won't stay open longer than a minute.  I get notifications but when I go to the app it barely gives me time to view the notification before closing.  Very frustrating.  Almost makes me not want to get on FB anymore
Not working on samsung glaxt note please do some thing
Its every times version slowly work
facebook is lame .
Download fast bug fixes please ...*
The new Facebook
This app is very heavy.. and also drink more ram... but it is good app....
itS cool
Yousaf123
Lol...
Love expressing my feelings & thoughts as well as communicate with friends and family!
You break something with every single update. You are in such a rush to publish the next NSA assistance package, collect that paycheck, parse the data and sell our information that you can't be bothered to develop a piece of software that actually functions.
Video not function so f..ck
I guess the only choice I have is to access through the internet. Ridiculous.
This app takes lot of memory and since last update takes long time to start ...
I love it
It
Whenever i try 2 open it a pop-up says facebook has now stopped
Love it:-)
Beast
Nice
Cant see my recent news feed !!
Excellent bowser
Excellent
It takes forever to open on the s4. And then it freezes once it does. It's really annoying. Please update.
I cant download it, it says "error unknown code "-24"....
Good
Pop
Facebook dounlord
An app for Facebook..
Love you
nyc job
Samsung gts 5570 set ke liya problem hai a apps
We like this apps
SajidHussain
Plz seee that as we download the app it does not increase its memory more than 45mb
God is everywhere
I had to uninstall, wish i didn't do the update.  The newsfeed is all out of order, everything takes longer to load.  And all the permission we had to agree to seemed odd?  Why do u neec access to my call log, sms msgs, calender, contacts, photos?  Do we have any privacy with this app?
Not suitable for Asus tablet
I like it
hvi
Good
Megustadisfrutardetodo enestabida
I love y all
nice
It's very slow on my Samsung galaxy pocket.... Please fix this
Nice
It always force close..very slow..
Gud apps
Nice
When I want to tag someone on my status their name won't show up if I tagged them before only the people I'm friends with that I don't talk too show up
This soft ware i really like it
GOLU  kumar
Yay
this app is okay, to many updates, and it takes up alot of memory !
This app is huge it says 17 MB but it eats 54 MB and it always force stops it really itsn't that great and I'm tired of it eating up my memory
Awesome app.
If I'm honest I'd use the browser version if it wasn't for bandwidth, I haven't booted up Facebook on my phone for about 2 weeks and yet somehow I'll wake up with a notification from Facebook. Even after I force stop it, it'll magically turn itself back on within the next couple of days.
Ok some where its I have 1 update keeping pop in but I cant fine on my phone and some how I can use my txing to send comments back on my phone keeps asking for code and still dont wk  help please
Not bad at all !!
Perfect app
Love
nice appsssss........
sahil.B.kakade
Tattoos
When playing a video, it only plays for about 20 seconds and I am getting really pissed about it. It keeps on getting an UNEXPECTED ERROR. Please sort it out.
I like it but it doesn't send notifications except when you're using app
Facebook was pretty much a complete app, with every update it seems to "break" a little more. Let me keep it on most recent without resetting to newest every time I leave, stop the stupid video play feature on the newsfeed (as selecting the option doesn't work), stop the spam adverts, show my own posts on my own newsfeed... They are enough to work on for now.
Everytime I try to go on it says "Unfortunately Facebook has stopped"  I uninstalled and reinstalled the app and get same message.
Lucky
Loved it
I tried to install the app on my android and it keeps telling me the package file is invalid.
Post my photos instantly, keep current with my friends, just a touch away from anywhere.
The facebook app is now easy to use.
I uninstalled it nd it wont let me back on
Not bad could always be better
Sok Rara
Excellent
The app becomes idiotic everytime they update it. Useless million dollar company cant even fix a simple application. Rating depends on updates.
I lv laddu
I love soooo much
Facebook page not working for my phone
Kosomu..paluiiiiii
i want latest update of this app
Awsm app ever
Yahi hai wright choice
Posted in tamil sapped
Get it together wont open won't load cant see my pics deleting this app until futher notice
W.e u did in the update samsung galaxy 3smini.  I cant see my recent posts it wont load ?   N now im tryin to sign back out n back in it wont load at all to even sign oyt!!
Cinta kepada ALLAH yang maha esa
Its very helpful
It has all the Facebook tools needed, but I hate that it constantly runs in the background and eats even up to 100mb! No matter what settings I use. Until resolved I'll be uninstalling this.
Excellent
A we bit cool :-)
Mantap
Nise

ARE YOU ON CRACK FACEBOOK????
A lil bit improvement would make it 5 star
New versions suck!
Sohel
Its cool and brilliant superb
San ba
Fb
Lovely
facebook
First of all , i can't update status and upload photos . When i try to do that , it automatically closes and i have to login again. I give 3 stars !
I gave this app 5 star if it take less ram and not consuming ram when im not using it.
Facebook is a great way to reconnect with people but I'm sick of all the changes.  STOP THE MADNESS.
Great
Awesome
This update does not load post pictures or video.  Just text and a reload wheel. I deleted and reload no change.
The app never works. The update sucks and should return to the previous version.
When the videos try to play by themselves and freezes my news feed ..needs to be fixed: )
Ranjith. Moolakkal
It's. Awesome
Mstar
Cause Facebook acts slow an sometimes don't even work
Hated it
Update works awesome!!!
This app is amazing
Very nice
I can't see t videos like.before =(
Video comments won't open up.
Good
That's a good app try this
Good
Wonderful new design i love it but i hope to add reply option for comments :) ...
Thanks
After the last two updates Facebook has been slow. Such as not loading pictures, statuses, and constantly saying "Error loading news feed" or "No Internet  connection" my Internet on my phone is not the issue for my other social media and games that require Internet work perfectly fine.
Awesome
Despite of internet connection it shows network problems
Older version much better..always keep crashing.. sometimes in 10 times in 5 mins period..fix it fast.. not worthy a star untill it is fixed..
Too good
Good
Excellent...
I cannot updates it. All of my app  become updated but it cant. Previous version is too slow and very bad. It take 6 or 7 miniuts to upload a pic at the size of 2 MB so im nt happy with this.
This a app very good
don't Like it
Nice
It's a must or keeping in touch with family & friends
Facebook nice one ........and too awosome to chating to my all friends to aad meet
You love it ....coz it meets your needs..... :)
Not even worth it anymore
Baqwas
Love it
FB is a BROADCASTING STATION for its USER to Post their own Channels Program at any time and every TIME  and FB outstands to bring World Channels integrated to one and only one FACEBOOK. We Thank you for your DEEDS
Very good
Just joking
T
Good
Facebook is great but I hate it now cause u have to install messenger and it's annoying
Fab
Superb
Vry gud
Great
Nice
Terrible
Nice
Worth app

Good
i like this
The worst app in Play Store. Cant play video of every format and also cannot download it. Plz !! Hoping for a better update
Keeps telling me a update is required but when I go to update there isn't one available so how can I update ????? Think fb needs to stop faffing around and if it ain't broke dont fix it 
Last update made the newsfeed reload everytime you tape it (e.g. browsing newsfeed, get notifications, check it, go back to newsfeed, you're on top again, you have to scroll past the posts that you already saw).                                        Seriously, fix it, its annoying.
Superb
Good
even though u have 2 update it its cool
Keeps making my phone crash
What did you expect
Must have it
just did an update, after the update the app is slow and it force closed.. had my device reboot multiple times now and still doing the same.. singal strenght of my device is perfect.
NITIN
Swathi
Good so far
Fecbook
Alright so this update just fuck*d me in the face
Love it
Good
Facebook with the messenger app is simply the best facebook on android has ever been.
What can I say I love it:))
Nothing new
Low
This new version is worse than the old one!!! Cant view photos or my newsfeed and it freezes all the time!!!
Since the update it crashes all the time please fix it
Good app
I love the ability to talk and keep up-to-date with friends and family.
As soon as i download the app it weights 56mb like wtf fb????
I cant get into fb at all... signed me out and wont let me log back in... Every time I click on the fb icon it starts to load then goes straight to my phone home page. Please fix!!!
The application is 'not responding' very often, after the last update.... it needs urgent intervention,  otherwise a big setback for fb....
Nice & faster
Fun fun
Best for communaticion
Superbb. .
good 2 use and easy 2 connect my all friends
Notifications should be realtime.
Automatically signed out
Lb u
Love it
I like this app but it is annoying sometimes
I love this app but my notifications keep telling me I have an update when I dont. Play store says my apps are up to date. So I don't understand it!??!
It's a bit better now than it was before the latest version but it still needs an improvement on the news feed area.
Slow
RAM usage is more.....
This facebk app its a nice one, and all upload stats an msg esly, quikly snt fr frnds, and ths s supr
Facebook
Right and good!!
My Facebook updated itself, somehow bypassing my settings with updates turned OFF. How is this possible? I did not want this new update, so why hijack my phone and force on on me? A$$ holes.
This is baap
I don't get this update.. I've been trying to message ppl and they don't go through at all..
I cant load my news feed,why?
Asowom
4 kidz
Go
Facebook for mobile is horrible. Fix it.
Juzt improved it free call and privacy
CAnt update it
Bugs....
Cannot use on home wifi but can on my 4G. Maybe you can fix this.
plz frndz download it  its cool
Yes! Enjoy!! Post irrelevant & ego driven pics, comments and other intimate/ personal information about yourself to your family, friends, coworkers and complete strangers-publicaly! that you would never share verbally or in person!! LOL wow people.
Moto x very good operate in my cell phone

Too many bugs with the newer updates. Most of the time I can't even get logged in and/or signed-in, in other apps. Fix quick please?
Fast pace
Hi ha ha ha
East or west fb is the best
Very Good
I upgraded from the Note II to the Note III. Since the upgrade Facebook is always crashing. Please work on this issue.
Looks good and works. No where near as buggy and laggy as it used to be.
i m lovin it!
Samsung galaxy s3 with ice cream sandwich. Always crashing.. Does not even work. I reinstalled it but same issue
I give facebook a 5 star because there is so many thing you can do on there for example you can free call people in different countries and that's pretty awesome I mean maybe I'm exagerating but facebook is the best or probably because I'm addicted to it hope my review helped you :)
Nice communication way
Great
Whatever you've done, I can't see pictures or videos now and it's been going on for nearly a week. I've made sure I'm current on all updates, so it isn't that. This is ridiculous.
Thanks again for your email address
Awesome
Good
Very good, like it so much
(Y)
Awesome...
Josh
Jai Shri Radhey Shama
It's a great social page. Keep up w/friends n family.
who make the stupid decision to take away the most recent post option!
Dis is so great
Really Awesome App !!
Please let me open in tabs or open in my browser as options, because every time i open a movie or link and click back fb starts me at the  of my news feed, drives me crazy everyday
Its Superb app atomatically
It doesnt work on my phone either! Please fix it.,
Can't edit statuses! Use to be able to, now when you click to edit, you can't edit it-- gs4
It sucks
the new upgrade becomes like a bug, juz like a virus on facebook, now it wont download the new newsfeed and i cant even upload my comments and status, kindly fix these probLems now..! pronto..!

Its too good comparison than old version its increase facility and quality in fb....
FINALLY RECENT POSTS ARE BACK. But I wish I could keep it permanently recent on my MAIN feed.
Very good app, but it takes all your airtime vert fast. Watch fot your airtime!
I love so much u made my old friends friends again
After udate it uses too much CPU...plzz help...I am using galaxy s5
Good
awesome!!!!
Fasebook update
Search. Typed Name, changed filter to 'PEOPLE'. Scrolled down list of results.  Unexpected behavior: the background color while scrolling changed to black, returning to the expect white background and blue separation lines upon release.
facbook
Newest version gives error on videos.  I can play them on the pc version but not mobile.   Otherwise I like the new enhancements.
It doesn't seem like the upgrades are making it better :(
We need a dislike button.  To much junk is being put on it.  And after 10 dislikes it auto delete.  Or make it for people over 18. Fix this and I'll come back and give it 5 stars. Stop the drama save a life.
This app takes about 60mb of memmory

Amazing
Awesome way to socialize
Why can't I tag pages in post? Why can't I upload pics to my event pages? Really annoying have to log into a computer to do these.
The new update really sucks!  Hate it
There should be a button to erase the search history.....so plzz provide that important thing in the app...
But it s not fast he s not giving me to tag wtf
Not too happy about having to update again! Fb keeps freezing up then says not responding and completely shuts down and restarts. It seems to do this when a video pops up on my feed and plays automatically. Whatever you did...plz undo it!
I hate when the app its telling me to update messager to read inbox. Before all was ok now all its trouble
Cool

Automatic video play. Videos play even when you are not playing them, most of the time, the app crashes when you play videos.
Love it
Really like Facebook nut take too long to down load
Awesom
Don't want to install
App is not working properly. Cannot add things to timeline when I have been tagged.
Very good
Newsfeed Problems
Cb
Oky
very nice
I would like to be able to choose between most recent or to stories on my news feed.
Such a nice application it is
Im very disappointed now... i can't  installed  the facebook...
Will NOT Update.
Juzt ozm
Cool
Its a fascinating app I love it to chat with others with my ifone 6
I love this app
The worst.
Awesome  I luv Facebook
Every time saw force to close. Please solve the problem.
After logging out my email still remains there, why??
Facebook
Its alright
Especially because it is updated regularly!   Great work!
Only plays ten seconds of video and takes forever to refresh news feed.  Sort it out
It constantly force closes, and it's rather annoying
I can open only a first  time.  after upgrade to lastest version i can not use at all.  -___- ( Motorola Defy MB525 )  Update  - Work well ! After changed mobile to Moto RAZR
Sun
Awesome
The worst thing ever downloaded from google play store .... I mean it is so dumb that it loads very slow and even forces other program for a force stop ......... now they should maintain it or everyone will install it then uninstall it the time they have used it like I have
Awoosooome
Good
Plz check it
Iwant this email
It went from OK to horrible this new update is the worst I've seen since I had the HTC incredible #1 very slow auto videos news feed is not recent at all and when I message someone it won't even show unless I exit out and then go back into it. This needs to be fixed otherwise I think a whole lot of people are gonna install
Hawaqadiri
after system update it work fine...
it is good app and use full.
First I didn't like how it looked, but it's growing on me. I love that I can put pictures in comments:)
Mane
Totally awesome man never feel like using on PC now
Ok
Can't move it to SD card!
I like reading the status by newest.  Not the most popular, it's annoying how it updated & now there's no way for me to change the settings on my app to read the newest. So stupid
Facebook
Exciting
Jaguu
Oke
Nice
Videos aren't playing and my news feed photos aren't loading correctly...ugh!
Saudis
Ok
Smokeweeed
Its easy to browse
:'( :'( :'(
Welldone
Nagkadugay nagkadako ang memory :3
Will only load pics and conversations while on wifi. (Note: my 4G LTE speeds are faster than my wifi,  so I know it's not my network's fault.) FIX NOW!!!
I love facebook because it helps me interact my piers. This app helps me do that. Thank you!
Cool
Super.....
Valo
Cool app but music cant play...
I am unable to open my facebook i. My asus mobile..why?
yall know better than this. No one cares about anything but the most recent posts. better make that a default before people start finding different social networks to spend most of their time on
If sm1 share a vidio i can only watch a few seconds then it show some error message and shut it self down.
Fagbook sucks wont uninstall when i didnt install to begin with
superb app !! love it ...
Adi
It's getting worse, keeps closing none of the other apps do this on my phone.
Cool but not having speed
All the games i have been playing through Facebook on my phone won't connect anymore every game is back to level 1 please fix this
videos play automaticaly takeing a long time connecting  to news feed etc. keeps breaking up.had to uninstall and re install. still the same rubbish!!!!!!!
Lovely
Great app
It did Nothing I think it is the werst one yet
Facebook on Android is much, much better than the earlier versions.
It crush alot
facebok
I think it is very useful to fast the processing and easy to open it.
Jay srikirsna
Mian
Abdulmajid
Received a push notification for a post to be made when I got back online. Post now made, but notification won't go away.
ela a
:-)

Doesen' t deserve one star
High ram usage -_-
Worked great prior to recent update. Weird to constantly have to choose Most Recent, just let that be a default choice please.
it was and if some games are in paid version please convert some games into downloading mode
Facebook
Very nice
Facebook
@@@@@
Reyli nice work
It can do it..
Gud software
Facebook sucks
user friendly
Nice
Cool
Will not upload the app. And when it does it doesn't show most recent. And shows things fron days ago instead. Do not like the upgraaded app at all it is slow and real buggy.
Excellent
Paalam.94gmail com
I log onto fb and it doesn't load it signs me back out or force closes like why!? Its annoying since the "update" pfsh more like a downgrade
Good enaough
Both D
i  Like
Okay with new features I like it
I love this application.
Nice
News feed still out of time.
Baaam
Change it back im fuckin tired of seeing posts from 2 days ago then seeing new ones at the bottom
Love you
It doesn't work on my phone
The best in networking
Whatever they did with this last update they need to undo it. Nothing will load. This app is completely useless I have to use my phones browser just to navigate though Facebook and, read my news feed. Uninstalling this app till this is fixed!
Need copy option which is missing for app but available for browsers
Its an easy to use app and I have no problems.
Thanks
Just keeps getting worse if it an't broke don't fix (change)
Good
Great medium of communication
:
I cant get my messager open for some reason and its been like this for a few days now idk if its just me or every1
I love it
I dislike the update, but its better than nothing.
Mahajan
Super apps
Gud I like Facebook
love it
can classify the photos from the folder, my trouble I find the file to upload
Have had a gut full of Facebook trying to force everyone into having Top Stories in our feeds. We want Most Recent! Who the hell is Facebook to decide what I consider to be a top story?! What's of most interest to me are the newest posts in my feed, not some rubbish dredged up from days ago that's somehow been identified as a top story. Furthermore, most of the pages I've liked don't even show up in my feed anymore because Facebook prevents it! Not impressed at all.
I love fb this time we meet the girl i like this
Awesome forever
Liked
Takes a long time too load
Ashu thakur
Yes
Old News
I cant install it ...what is this it saays error24
Thanx
Just awful
If it's not one thing ita another. It would be nice to watch a posted video in the first click instead of having it close down 6 times and then closing again half way thru the video. Lame
Distance is not a problem...
This update sucks!!! Takes literally5 minutes to load everytime, always have to force close!! Get a update that works!!!! Since the update, Facebook will now not load!! 10 times now tried opening and got the force close.
Best app better than other apps like twitter and so on
Badal tamang
ok
Groups become mobile mode. Whenever you click the post, it automatically opens the post. Unlike previous version. Wanna revert it back.
It keeps freezing up on me, please fix it, I used to love this app. Now I am getting really frustrated! Galaxy S3
Yay
Good
Hdh other urging oil iou f you'll g D's
Best of best.but eat ram memory .
it makes my phone lag, but in may tab it perfectly works.
Connecting to all peoples
.. no notifications for birthays or events ... Suckkssssss
The latest version keeps freezing and crashing on my moto x I can't even force stop, I have to restart my whole phone, please fix!
Very good!! :))
This update sucks! Firstly, it hardly opens in 1 attempt because it keeps crashing whenever I opened it. Secondly, while playing a video, it crashes and closes and goes back to main screen. Then I have to reopen this app again. I gave 4 stars for the previous update but if I was able to give zero stars i would give it to this update. Kindly fix this bug.
Amazing appzzz.. Really nice.. Try to update some more specifications.. <3
Very bad
Love it!
Lol the best
Jsk
Love it
Face
Ek dm mst
Pls fix the albums so that when I add photos to the album it doesnt get messed up.  I liked how it was before,  photos are added to the album as individual posts,  not once you choose an album it just gets added to the rest of the photos.  There is no way to differen tiate between posts!!
Its nice
Poor download
Perfect
Mostak.satp
supriya singh
It is hard to open the app,apter updating it it always said "facebook is not responding".I can't even upload new photo.will u fix this problem...
Is a good way to keep up with whats going on in our world
Inderjit
Lagging.
Allow move to SD please!
Facebook connects people the wrong way.
I love it a lot
Avin want to happy with bong together na family is like too
I use it with great success and ask all to use it.
Iworld like fb bye
Most irritating after my last update..!!! After i txt them something i could read my unread msgs...Hell with this app..!!!!!!!!! Plzz do fix this bug
Royal choice
Very easy to access my fb by a single touch..
Azhar deaf
Josh
This last update sucks! Can't view videos or hardly pictures now! Undo it.....
Htc Desire HD
My phone is going well so far so good morning beautiful facebook
I had just edited a comment in a post then a few minutes later 7/6 updated the app and can no longer edit any comments. I know how to do it as have been for quite a while.
Still have many problems! Please update syncing features to have better quality of contact photos!
Very bad just like before ones
i think ypu must make a option to play candy crush saga directly
1 of my fev app... I think all
WTH happened? I used to be able to tag ppl on posts as long as they were part of the convo even if we werent friends... Now after the update i cant... Fix thissss...and everything else all others mentioned!
When i get a notification someone sent me a friend request and i check, it keeps notifying me, it wont update (unless i check via web browsing or pc, not the app). Now they let us know we can change the language, i tap cancel to keep the language i have and it keeps telling me the same thing everytime i open the app. When sharing a post, the app still doesnt have the option to personalize the ppl you want to share it with, at least it doesnt have the option: "everybody except:" so i must do it via PC. etc..
NDB bank
I hate how my news feed automatically refreshes. Doesn't matter what setting its on. If I wanted to go back to the top I'd click on new stories.
Good
But Sometimes It Crashes
Best working on Samsung Galaxy tab 3
Bagus utk masa berbual
It's slow and videos don't upload .
Please FB developers, let me decide how my news feed defaults. I want to see all that is posted, not what you think is important.
Don't kno what new update is like,so no use grading it until I update.
Please remove all accounts in facebook who is inactive for a year and all accounts that has a same identity
:(
My window to the world.
Poooooooor
Nt bad
Just facebook
App has trouble uploading photos to Facebook.  Sometimes I can't like other people's status'.  Freezes a lot.  *7/6/14* I have to uninstall and reinstall app constantly because it freezes up and quits working.
book
So lag
Its fast on my other phone but not this one
Would give it more but since new update can't upload anything! What ever you did Facebook undo it!
Bullshit
I love the new features
Its awesom

nice & good
If they can ever manage to get this app to work even close to as well as the mobile web site and get rid of some of the obnoxious required permissions and make it less of a battery hog when not being used, I may try it again. I mean, really?  Contacts/Calendar: read your contacts modify your contacts read calendar events plus confidential information add or modify calendar events and send email to guests without owners' knowledge  SMS: read your text messages (SMS or MMS)  Phone: write call log directly call phone numbers read call log  I think more people should really read the permissions before installing this thing.
WONDERFUL !
Good
One of the best apps avaliable on Android
Keeps saying I don't have internet when I know for a fact I do
good
This is good
Hot app
I sign in and nothing loads,  news feed is blank, my profile is blank, including all videos and pictures,  what the hell did you guys do? How about you try to fix it sometime this year ..... smfh
Good
Akkkk
Oh yeah
It keeps closing. I can't even go on it anymore without the app closing.
Awesome!!!
It is faster than Google .mostly people using Google for fb but now my suggestion is to use fb app because it is awesome. If u dnt know than try it out dears

It's always not responding....why??? Help me please
I have a note 3 with t mobile had this app for a long time but now all it do is crash every time I open it plz fix  I tried re downloading it still the same thing idk what's going in. With it
Why i can't open it?!
I
Bc .. Jma bekaar aw hang hundi aw.. Mera eennna  vdda phn aw phr v ha.g hundi aw.. mere kol 20000 da phn aw noki a 1100
great
No matter how often I check in or refresh, most of my feed is a day behind. Every now and then I will get a current post tossed in the late feed but not usually. However, my likes, repost and comments always come through. This is so messed up. I would rather delete app than be frustrated all day.  Samsung Note 3
Ooo
Suborna
The most annoying moment when you are finished open links from facebook then return back, its automatically scrolled into the top. I just don't finished reading status yet!!!
It will spoil your life this fb
Waste
Very Slow
With any update you would expect the app to be better with less bugs. Facebook have continued to make their products worse when trying to update them. The videos don't play and photos won't load. Never had this problem in 2010 when fb was simple and easy. #cunts
Good
Nice to use. ..
Facebook
Good
You guys need to fix thede issues we having my news feed won't load , I like or comment on a post and theis thing pop up saying the post I like or comment on will go through only if am online but I am online. Y'all need to fix everything A$p. For now this 5 Star is going be a one star
Error on sign in I've had same password 6 years now it's invalid then I get text that I've logged in but I can't load any pics or vids n can barely access news feed
Srinivas tegireddy
I'm unable to upload my video.
Good
It was a nice app, but every update it keeps on getting bigger and bigger my phone can't handle it anymore. It makes my phone very slow. A can't access fb on my phone.
Videos play for 3 seconds then freeze consistently. HTC Amaze.
The aap is yoyo
Keeps making my phone blackout when I try to open the app.
Because to much gossip
Best app!
CAN'T wait to see what's next(:
Bhule bisre logo ko aapas me milane ka sabse aasan site.
Why is my app not working? It won't load photos or video, and it force closes anytime I login. Wtf fb!
Fine
I love it.....its nice.....and verry useful application .....facebook ..becouse of you...I find.my true...love....mwwwuuaahhh
Thia app vwry good
Dana
Excellent
I use it but i hate this app..i hatw becoz it keeps on running in background n consumes a load of RAM..And drains battery also..
Very gud app
It's now improving but I still experienced some bugs like lagging, hanging & force closing but less unlike the older version I always experiencing those bugs. ALWAYS!!! Great job Facebook.....
Only thing which i dont like is we cant cut,copy...and it doesnt show birthdays..
Not
Good service is provided by Facebook site, so very very thankful to promoters
Suddenly won't load any updates. Can't view my news feed or notifications. Fix it.
Flyboy360
Funney
this app is so amazing
Overall good app
Social media good
Faithfull   I like it
Good
KRISHNA NAND
I would give it 2 1/2, but thats not possible. But only because when I go to make a post, a box telling me,"Now its easier to..." -and what ever else it says- pops up. I keep pressing the thing it's pointed to, but that obviously doesn't help.  But so far, I have no other complaints. But if and when I do, just try and fix it. And if this may help in anyway, my phone is a Samsung Galaxy S4. THANKS!
Force closes too much and the newsfeed sometimes doesnt load
Please give copy pasting option in it plz plz plzzzx
its to good. it has a lot of features. but little slow in work
Phann neth
Works fine.
Convenient
for me
This app is taking liberties in using the processing available on the phone to the point I cannot make a call.
Good!!
I like my facebook
God
Karan
Awesome service
I like it
Great but sometimes slow
Only few tags able to share wid frndz . Add additional button fr tagging. Then only I wil gv u a fyv staR
Awsm app ever
Superb
i want to downloding thas app
Ok
Its a'ight
I don't mind the negative messeges given about this app I gave it 4stars because it is easy and I liked it.
When I try to cancel them it wont cancel so then I try to logout. It won't allow me to logout so I have to uninstall and reinstall to use the app again.
good
Classic
consumes too much data and battery power so i dont regulary use
Getting Better with Every Update..
the comment box is not working plz check it
Why they are asking update the this version
Hate the update constantly force closing all the time
Nice
After few days Facebook starts hanging  :/ sick n tired of it...now this time its not opening evennnnn
Nice app
Good personal
It is timepass
After getting the update , I am unable to play videos on micromax  A240
I like this app
yyeeeeesssss
Good
Facebook
Amazing
I turn notifications off for post and I still get them every time a person comments.
doesn't work
Facebook is d best ever ;-)
Facebook is basically unusable. Everytime I get to about 4 posts down on my news feed, the app force closes. I tried logging out and logging back in, even resetting my phone. Please fix this.
I love you
Notifications aren't shown of anyone likes our photo or status blah blahblah Mark zuckersbuck should improve the notifications
I cannot post any thing.
Nest
Ange
Huawei P6
When I like a status or picture. IT doesn't work. I will do other stuff. Then come back to the Facebook app and it shows that I never even clicked like. Also as of lately videos seem to autoplay in newsfeed. It Also does this on PC
Jo
New update wants to ready my personal text???! No thank you!
I love it
Invasion of privacy
01 07 1994
Now  keep saying not responding please do something
after update.. now my facebook was not responding .!!!!
there is an irritating bug: all keyboards keep disappearing while I'm typing (AOSP / ridmik / swipe etc)!! and it only happens with FB app!! using JELLY BEANS on mcromax canvas 2 A 110
Love it
6Feet.tall.and.pelon
Good app
Besar
Awsome thing
It uses and you can't put it on the sd card. You update so often it's a pain that you can't even use fb till you update otherwise it's all old posts and doesn't refresh any new news. Lags way to much.. please fix!
The group wall is suck... Lowes under the google crome browse for lenovo user's
Rubbish
I like this app because its good for my phone
It's better now!
Greatt
it very fast to prosess on my SEALS TS3
Love never off it
Msri
Bakit ayaw madownload bwisit not signed correctly daw !???
Nice
Good
Need to fix it.My phone wasn't opened the Facebook. What happened? Worst...unfortunately Facebook has stopped. Hate it the latest update which make us in problems.
Awe some
Whenever I check my notification in my favebook it won't properly show. And the groups list that I have doesn't fisplay the updates accurately please please do fix this bugs. It's disappointing to get inaccurate updates you know.
Piyash
Samsung galaxy Note3
Best way to keep up with the crew and where we're going!
The. Latest version hang to much please fix this
ok so u automatically uninstall my fb coz i didnt update?Waddefuq
Soo good .....
I like it
After updating none of my videos can't be played! The posts are not in order! They are all over the place! I wish I hadn't updated! I hate this! Please fix it soon facebook!
This is fabulous apps for connect with friends. . .....
I love Facebook
Very good
Alluru
Very useful.
very useful
very useful ....
Boredddddd
Ye acha time pass h bs isme aani jaani khuch nii h
Manav
It so amazing!
so so... but not good
It take time to log in even with wifi conection
Love it
Works perfect
Pictures aren't showing up. Then there's this script error that shows up.
It's awesome
Hate new design, harder to navigate! Hate automatic video play!
Getting a bit better, At least you gave us an option to completely kill autoplay videos. However, I can only give two stars because messaging is still a mess. Too many hits of the back button to get out of a message, and no I will NOT install your messenger. Fix this
Aekata
Unable to play video on Sony Xperia z2. Crash after 30 second.
Excellent app!
I can't delete my old account.Can someone help me?
App
Every time you "like" something in the news feed it immediately undoes it. Very annoying.
Nice app keep updating
Yooo
Why won't it let me update life events or see photos in life events?
Bindaas
Sangat baik
Excellent
Marvellous
i love this app
Always notified me of automatically logging out and need to sign in again and again and always told you forgot your password. As always, change password instead but when i open again same thing happened. Too bad!
ill give you 5 star if you make this app fast uploading the picture .. and fast loading
Good
Very Important
Very good
Abc
Danielle
facebook
Its a good app
Mehhh,  it works fine
As always love fb.
Love it
Adik talaga ako d2
Nice I like
Loved  it
:-\
Nice
Tuch your old &missing friend
Super Vounder fully
It would be nice if this app would open more than 20% of the times that I try to start it
A few changes could make it better....could be faster
very good
Latest update made video playback issues. Usually a phone restart will temporarily resolve the issue but that's very inconvenient
I love it
Best
Ok
Itz tooo.gud man ... i luv dis one... dude
Too good man
Nice
Every time I use it I would never get a problem I'm using the Samsung exhibit
Waiting.  .
Drains battery like hell! Does not let phone go into deep sleep!
Moto m ..exlent face book app
I dont like the app because there's Many things that are not working properly such as facebook v¨ªdeos, it never play, and some other thigs that don't work properly either, thanks in advance for your good understanding..
latish kumhar
veryvery nice app i can see my freind anytime.
Saikh
Good
Yhea
I hate the fact that I cannot see the most recent status in my newsfeed.  I don't have the option of changing it either.   This sucks
Hja
Candy crush
I used to download video and watch'em..  Now i can't.....it can't show sent picture very well...  It's getting annoying -_-
Facebook
Since newest update my phone like to freeze and crash after viewing videos! Wtf FB fix this or die a slow painful death while burning of chlamydia in hell
Lay bhari
As far as facebook goes its ok at best, I hate facebook
Like
Am ok  with it
Very nice
Its very addictive app :)
Not good at all. IT WONT LOAD MY NEWS FEED!!
Nice
Avin want to countdown with bong together na family is like too
The new update is bad. I can't watch videos !! Frustrating I have to you'd the old update. Please....please fix this.
Its mint
123456
Bad update
Very good
After install this apps ..i cant open this apps on asus zenfone6
Full bugs, can't use, it crashes all the time!!!!
Soul city catering
Use too much data...
Good
Great service!
Help I have a s3 mini Samsung.  When I woke up. My Facebook was gone from my phone. I did not uninstall it.  I'm trying to download it from playstore. It just doesn't want to. It keep saying downloading. I have enough data and signal. Any recommendations please?
Salome
It works perfectly.. :P
Facebook
Rv
Nice....
Excellent
The only niggle that I have with this app is that you can't copy a link to a post, like you can on its iOS counterpart.
Start hanging after update on my nexus 5
Mahendran!
Downloaded yesterday to new phone, videos play on their own, could not get it into "most recent" stories, and it was repeating stories as I scrolled down, saw the same story 3 times...not pleased at all. I have removed the app from my phone. Plus why is stuff from days ago showing up first in news feed?
It's cool but do I always retry to re download it ?!
Excellent
mamerto.Reyes3@Facebook.cum
Gets stuck towards d end of download process.
099845885
Love it!!
Why i cannot download this app on my phone? I'd tried many times and i felt so wtf..plz fb..
This recent update WON'T LET ME UPLOAD MULTIPLE PIX?!?! PLZ FIX THIS BUG?!?!?!?!?!?!
Nice update but this is so heavy for my phone and thats always showing force close force cloose w.t.f
Why fb always appear the same status? i tried to load for the newest status for many times. SUCK!
It turned black. It crashes. It's not working. Fix it pls: ()
Great
Zauzima mnogo memorije.
Freezing a lot went app starts 20% of the time it freezes for no reason no other apps running and plenty of storage no options neither,but I do can go to the home screen and use other apps even the multi apps options I belive is the widget's fault , most of the time that's how I fire up my fb.
It's OK 
Like
So bad the old version was good
Cant download video by tubemart !! It auto play
For an older version
So an update. .ok..np. wtf every time I try to open Facebook it just says safe mode and won't go any farther.  Fail.
Friend
Good stuff
No Description
Supb
You need to enable emoticons and stickers on Android phones. A quick fix shouldn't be the help desk telling people to log into FB online on our phones; if so, there's no reason to use the App. Samsung Galaxy S4
It makes me irritated! Please fix.
Raju
The best app but it doesn't let me download it
Facebook is a good app
I love it
Too much power consuming
Everything works well but takes up too much of cache, internal memory & RAM..please improvise
Se poate si mai bine...
Yeah.. Browse it fast
I have read some reviews . I to updated with f/b and now I can't watch any videos. I can't set my news fed anymore . Please undo what ever you have done.
Forced by fb  to install this new up date the best is going to become just fair apps
Like app
Nice app
I. M luvng it
Good
Good way to find friends & Family
Outlook changed...still a lot need to be dine. Do something about data,memory and battery consumption... It takes almost 110 MB of memory!more than any app!!!improve guys...u are the best in world...buck up...
It is soo slow ..
I opened it refreshed my news feed and everysince then when I open it, it closes automatically. Why?!
Crashes all the time and i can't see the pictures!!!
Excellent
Mast che
Cool now play videos easily
Loved and still love it
App crashes when clicked on video and its the same for everyone on canvas 4 but no action from Facebook team...
M
FFS Facebook, quit screwing with the news feed.  You still ask for too many permissions and now you won't let me organise my news feed by most recent by default!
Like
Good
My password was sniffed, I couldnt get on face book for 3mo. I cant report( (creep jessieI jessie  I belive is an abusive jerk.) This person wants to friend me. Facebook is renagade. Dumb . If I owned stock in fb I'd sell it fast. Remove everything. I never gave permission to post my phone# . abuse or even general feedback doesn't work. I want my whole fscebook page everything I wanit taken down! Com Cast, Charter told me my wifi,& phone is  hijacked,Charter called it serious important and inculded, PW Snif
Recant update kept increasing my phone space Plz fix it
Putcha fuckin hands up
Me
Diaaaa
Bad3p
I like you
Fecabook
Good but hate when we have to crop pictures
Posts don't always post right away but at least they're saved and don't need to retype. Getting better.
I don't know how many people need to stop using Facebook before you finally learn it desperately needs to be improved. FIX the ability to load photos and newsfeeds, please.
Sanjay Soni
Timepass
Good
Awesome!
I like because has a new screening of facebook
Omkar
Ashfaq Khalid
Big help for me to use facebook easy to communacate my family!
Keeps me updated with what's going on
Why 18MB, everytime update 32MB ???? Its not god
Good work
Good
Fantastic
Why
Applications helps to connect relatives and friends easily.
Good
Great app.
Excellent
Excellent apps...
I don't want to update but it stop suddenly
Very fast
Its ok not really a upto time as pc version, but it works depending on your phone
Great new facebook
Rajesh jaiswal
incomparable...
Best of the best social Apps.
like it
Facebook
Often freezes and only way to get it to work is to wait a while
Thanks
I love this app
Facebook
Director SPCPL
90969545 m
Fabulous social site
Lamayonjan
Loved it
Nice
Am loving it..
But Keeps saying error loading news feed and takes forever to refresh! Fix this!
like like
Its good
Itz coOl.....i liked it....
Best ..
News feed useless and videos doesnt load or play automatically..
Such a nice n user friendly version
Its a lovely app as it helps me to stay connected with my frnds 24/7.
App won't load news feed, and when it does, it freezes midway. Not cool
This application is not workking it's bad application
Plz improve the speed so i vll give u 5 stars
Love the new style but every time I minimize the app, after a few minutes when I open it back again it doesn't recover the same page as I was in. The worst is when you are halfway down your feed and take a small break and when you come back it's all gone. I was watching a video and wanted to share it but something came up and now I can't find the video to share. It was very important. Very disappointed. Please fix this.
Why?
Its so best aap
Not bad just fine....!!!
Worst update.
Very goooooood
Nice
Its Good But Please Make  An improvement in Loading I like the new update goodjob
Xperia Z C6602
make more friend
good apps for posting photos and notifications...though its takng much memory but 4 star from my side...
Nice
Ok good
Awesome...
Nice
This is great app
Face book  is d best
Ouch
I live this app its awsome
Laki ng MB :3
Is the best
Steals your info and sells it to the highest bidder. They could care less about security.
Good
What happened to newfeed timeline?  I like to see newest post'....not 3 day old post that someone liked a moment ago.  Hate hate hate this time line

Fb
After the update my news feed always shows the things i have read over and over again... When i scroll down to view older posts it just show me the recent post which i already have read above.
Very nice and good bunises line
People dmt wanna keep updating it -.-
Nice app but battery usage is too high..
OK
App doesnt even open probably it just crashes and makes my phone freeze!!
It has a great feature set, but out of all the apps on my phone, this one crashes the most by far. Also, the feed is constantly inconsistent with the correct date.
Nice
Too much internal storage space taken up. More than 100mb for a social networking app is too much! Either reduce the extra uneeded things or add an option to move facebook to SD card!!
I love it,Its the best ever
Why the app is crashing since new update? And a pop up saying 1 update waiting is disturbing so much. When I tap on it nothing happens...it is annoying. Please fix it quickly.
RJ
Nice
New versions solved the prblm so i'll definitely give it ***** strs...
Super cool
Face book
I keep trying to log on using my nook and it keeps saying my email/password is incorrect, I logged on using my phone just fine just on my nook its not working properly.
Ok
Galing
Be a Blessing. Be Blessed!
B
Lol
Very good
Working good :-)
Exelent
Nexus4
Facebook
I can't download this due to an error. What's that error? Help help
Top bgt
Aweso.e
nice apps.
Eh
Hi
Facebook is lovely in any form..
Love it
It good but I can't post about what i am doing
best
The new update is nice, has class but you have to make it more... You are just releasing the same thing from light blue to dark blue.... Make some actual changes
Very nice
forced update tsssss
The newsfeed comes up with statuses of the day before Evan if I refresh it when it should really be most recent ones and it's not and it's bugging the life out of me
What the hell happened to the 'move to sd' option? Since this last update, that option was gone! Pls bring that back!!

Nice!

Bagus!
Why this facebook can't open at my phone Asus Zenfone 5..why it is Error
Outstanding
None of my comments are being posted ...Blah...the problem is I am being FORCED to use the APP because my useless Samsung Galaxy S3 has permanently disabled Javascript (not compatible anymore) ...even if I enable Javascript in my settings my facebook full version home page keeps popping up a yellow bar at the top of the page saying I need to use the FB App for better browsing rendering my home page useless and unable to scroll and unable to view old posts...ARGH!
Nice app ever
Anita
Good app..keeps improving with each update!!
For some reason the app isn't letting me go into my account once I do it just automatically tells me dat Facebook has stopped and it ain't responding!-.-
Chris on Wed Aug Sept
Good apps
I updated my fb yesterday.. The layout is good, I like it.. but what I DON'T like is when I'm in newsfeed browsing long long down, then I check my messages or notifications, and I'm going back to newsfeed, it BRING ME TO THE TOP, not where the last status I was reading, I need to browse again a long long down.. CAN YOU FIX IT? And how can I set my newsfeed to MOST RECENT?? Answer me pleaseeee......... Thanks..
nice app
Nm
Its automatically stopped....
Its easy to hv a glance of fb on the go.......
Fun
Social networking
Lovely
Awesome
Like
Facebook is good in which we chat and send things to relative or friends
Loading video comments after video has played brings up the craziest nonsense comment thread that has nothing to do with the video viewed.
Very nice
Downloading very slow
Certifiably
Facebook is amusing
* app to SD support gone * notifications not working  (1.does not show new notifications  (2.does not update update the status of checked  notification)
Hemil Patel
Its not a good one...
So many bugs fix them all -.-
Very good spp
Nice
Having hard time downloading the app on my phone. What's going on? So frustrating!
Very excellent
But may I suggest working on the photo selector when uploading a photo. I need to be able to search thru my different folders and not have to scroll all the way thru my thousands of pictures to try to find ONE that I am trying to upload
Yaseen
Boring
Surely recommending
You no longer can chose what news feeds you get. Really thinking about dropping Facebook and only have Google+
Cute baby
I hope that it's not error while it's working.
Having news feed loading problems,pages are not opening,newer version is not stable...
This app......is so much Good....
But too much using Data Connection MB
Old vishon excellent i don.t like this vishon
Good
1: App still using old engine to perform! 2: App have unjustify behaviour with ram and processor, Slowing down whole system!
When I open the app I see posts from yesterday. Why is 'Most Recent' an optional feed and not the default? It's ridiculous. Not only that, but when I select Most Recent, there are hours worth of posts missing!
Wow
I hate feelin this way
Nice
I like it
Why the app is crashing since new update? Please fix it.
The H Bonegoogle Family Christmas
Its superb... to acess our acount
It always force close. Useless.
It helps to make my cover picture easy to set.
Got it
Apps is very slowly update and like or modified to sd card instead
super
Can't download although I can install other apps -_-
Good
Very bad.....f#cknG updatzzz....plz fix it....  den i wi¦É¦É Giv  5strzzz....
awesm...app
Hai friends '
Can no longer see pics after the last update,  AGAIN!!! this app sucks
I love this, easier to use than going to web to search for FB. But why it ate 85 plus mb space in my phone?? So large O_O while it says here, this app is only 21mb something.
Slooow
Nice
Sometimes the connection is always force close, please fix the connection of this application
its better.
I am loving it
Very nice outlook, I like it
Drains a lot of RAM and eats battery big time!!
Easy
I'm only using galaxy y .  need low in phone mb. 43 mb of fb is soo big for me...
After downloading it refused to install hence waste of data and this app is not small in size too... Fix this bug 
Super app..
Friends
There are several graphic issues with search, comments, ecc. Seems like this app isn't ready for the new Android version. Of course I'm running the Android L Developer Preview.

All Facebook videos crash! What is going on?
Te hoog batterij gebruik

My fb is so very slow what im gonna do ?
nice
Ooo
Hoog
My FB in my mobile after today it wont work now Im downloading it again
Prefer google + to Facebook in any case. Thus app sucks. You can't even set the most recent to be shown as soon as the app loads. I don't want to see some crap Mark Zuckerberg thinks I want to see. This is precisely why I don't like Apple either. Pay for a phone but I can't do what I want with it. I don't think so.
I would love to see an option to watch videos in HD on the android version like I can on my iPod Touch. I don't understand why you wouldn't think to implement this.
Good application
are not comming on my status bar.....please fix it and ill give you 5/5
Nice
Wonderful
Facebook is bad because of bad things
All the world peopel like it in fb.......
How can I enlarge the font size on tablet .. it,s very small  !!!
nice apps
A must for those craving for social portfolio .
Would be a great app if the idiot developers concentrated on fixing the things that are broke instead of keep changing it and breaking something else, it lags badly often freezes to the point I have to restart my phone occasionally I have to log out then back in just to like something.
Wooooowwwwwww

Nice app
The best social app
Ocupa mult spatiu.
Nice........
Nice
baik
suka
Can't download
Hating it . nothing ever gets updated on my news feed anymore.
Why this happen? Pls. Fix. Pictures and videos not loading. Thanks.
Log on page
Haaa Gayyyy
Awesome
Nice
Awesome
I can't see who's online.
Gigk
FB developers, I don't wanna see Candy Crush request in my Notifications. Can you u add an option to block those request?  Expected result: User should have an option to block Candy Crush or any other game request. Thanks in advance.
We could move it to SD card once but idk what now
Myanmar
Messaging functionality has been removed and I can't set news feed to chronological order. I'm also sick of getting random notifications about posts that have absolutely nothing to do with me.
Om
hi
Make 2 fb app. One is only notification catcher,low size e.g. 2mb. And one is original fb app. And make original fb app like gAmes which is not started automatically. So more ram and more star
good app
So nice excellent
Karbon A1+ ,ME FB PAGE OPEN KARO TOH KUCHH SAMAY TAK LODING HOKAR BAND HO JATA HAI, CONTINUE KAI BAAR OPEN KARO TAB PAGE OPEN HOTA HAI, ISS PROBLEM KO JALD SE JALD SOLVE KIYA JAYE.....,  C.M.TIWARI, MUMBAI
Sanjaysharma
Depend on the .majority
I have unhappy to this
Itx owsum
When I want to upload pictures the app always goes to a white screen while im selecting which undos all the selections..
Goood
Very nice app
I love dis app
Best
Common friends keep using it and keep on update.
Updated version fb is heavy. It is not easy loaded. It is used that when you have high speed. We cannot uses the app at Data pack
Can't view posted photos...videos.  can't view profile pictures.   Have to uninstall mobile and go to Internet facebook login to use FB now.  Please fix it.
Kaint
Getting better every update
Good
Itzzz difficult to see all daa posts by all people but wid itt I can c oll da posts easily.
Continuously improving. Never ever stopping. Kudos to the entire facebook team!!
Pathetic...
I loved it
Parihar
I don't drive anymore,but I can visit my family anytime I like on Facebook.
Leungchew
Polichu machane aduki polichu
Nice app...
Love it
i love the app
STILL HAVING PROBLEMS LOGGING OUT. ALWAYS HAVE TO FORCE CLOSE ON MY HTC. ALSO WHEN YOU OPEN A PIC IT GOES BLANK. YOUR TEAM SUCKS BIG TIME ESPECIALLY IN THIS DAY AND AGE WHEN TECHNOLOGY IS AT IT'S PEAK. ONE WORD DESCRIBES YOUR TEAM, "MORONS"..
Nice and simple app..... but too slow!! 2
Love it
loving it
My Choish
Good
Sip
ZAKIR.HUSSAAIN
bkwas
Great
Bkwas
So nice
Videos can't play it stuck plz help i can flash my phone but problem is still there plz plz help
My Messanger keeps saying searching for network while im on 4G/wifi and it wont send my messages
Bring back the widget feature of taping on the status and it goes to there status not to my news feed
Don't waste ur data.....f
Very good
Okkk
Can't like the page which my friend likes doesn't respond while clicking like button. I have to go to that page abd then like it. Pls debug it
Since the new update nothing but problems with watching videos! Keeps saying unknown error! Sony xperia user
loved it
Add unique notification tones..  Thanx team!!
Its work too slow otherwise its good
I'm unable to download it on my phone  f1 plz
Nice <3
Ummmmaaaa
Love it
Its not so good improve it
New update is vry bad taking to much tym to upload pics i want my old fb app
i love this so much .. it can help me find friends
good app and very faster
it waste my time
What a bloody
Lagger
Good to use never i cant load headlines half the time and is super slow fb fix it up or ill have to uninstall it
:-)
Binicel
such an awesome a app I love it so much
Cool
Hi
Nice
Its gud
Zahid khan
good
Slow vry bad
Nine
Hate it can't even  download it
It is very good
Nice app
It is not very good
Astig
Saya suka FB
Not good
plz down load
Nice
App crashes when video is touched to play
Painfully slow via wifi
Please fix it
The friends Ive found on here is priceless
Faddu app
Alamgirbhuyain37@Facebook.coom
dukh
Assummmm
Netenrich
I mean its facebook mobil
ga bisa ngunduh
Excelente solo un Lev¨¦ detallito ke si podr¨ªan arreglar dice que forse la app o sierre por completo el facebook
Its cool
Good app
Works perfectly for me the only problem is it can sometimes be a bit slow. It sometimes doesnt let me like photos
like
Keeps crashing
It's awesome
News Feed Most Recent hard to access...
Its using more ram in my phone....than other apps.......
I like it
Put copy text option also.
Clifford
Im enjoying this app
It was too good
nice
Good
So goooood
Reliable on terms of downloading apps.. Fast

Have no idea what was in your last update but it crashes all the time, doesn't load pictures and videos are automatically playing when I've set them not to. Very very annoying.
hi
Lags when loading data.
B
V

It screwed up my phone and I had to restore it
Let's us use own video player
Thank you Facebook.
Loving this app
Harus ada perbaikan lagi.Menyebalkan...!!
Still a little slow but much better better ui and just works better than before
Nice
Bk
It closes out for no reason
Social media
Great app
New update now what nothing is fix still force close when i use it im not finished what i want to write or anything it suddenly close fix it pls i cant aplod any vedios also it said complete but where is it i can't see it on my timeline pls fix it i rate it five f is all done thanks same as usual suddenly log me out
So nice
I can't use pictures that I have uploaded recently as my profile picture, the app makes a new picture every time. Losing all the likes and comments. Fix it
Thanks
IRFAN KHAN
I love my palz moxt
Fantastic
Good one
Awesome app!! Great in every way :)
Faster. Still needs work. Getting stuck in pictures.
Thanks
Very nyc new look. Helpful
Facebook like piece of shit
¦¸K.not bad
Its good
Tera name doo the best song entertainment movie akshay kumar the best way
I wish that: - "most recent" option was faster to select, and when i choose to see my "most recent" feeds i wish that it remains, not to turn back to my "top stories" - i could tag pages  Thank you
Its amezimg.....
Facebook app is getting better everytime there's an update but 1.there's still no way to copy the text from status or comments. 2. Photo quality drops when uploaded.
Best
Wonderful app
Coool
Nice app
Networking site
Nice
Enternet
Lol
nice!
Yery yery nice  I like it
Yes
nice
Too slow to load my news feed.
Nice
Like fb but many boangs there to you know crazy
Wonderful app
woman
O
Good
Its a good app but taking to browser It must perform on the same.
Wat a fab app it is
Good
True love I still feel the same fb keep me stress free I get a chance to c all my family it don't matter where you are love IT
Not outstanding but much better than before

Need improvements
My fone is old version..tk mampu
Tygf
Love it
Mean
Mmmmmmm
face book ferrecall
Needs improvement. :(
Very connected
K
when i start update that version its keeping more lags . and most of it disappointed on Chating i see i have 567 Online friends and then i click it only 10 person are there . whats happening FACEBOOK ? please fix it Facebook i nkow you can do it as well as users are there :)
Pleasantly surprised with the recent update. I don't know how it is for everyone else out there,  but it's amazing on my galaxy s5
Bom
KPS
Shaikh
best social networking app
Aplikasi yang bagus
Nice app.
I love it.....
Follow me On Instagram your_maker_3
Is a great app among all the android device. But video can't load well under Sony Xperia Z Ultra & tablet. Please fix the bug. TQ.
Why do I keep getting notifications to update when it doesn't need updating? Sort it out tyvm

App
Best App!
Ask me
Thumb up
Lov iT :)
I
I'm not able to view my messages!the app is forcing me to download messenger even when I don't want to.please fix this issue.i'm regretting updating the app!
I really like the new UI
Its awesome
I love it easy way to connect to everything
I love me some Facebook.
I turned off some individual post notification... but I m getting notified... please fix this...
Awesome
I would make my rating higher but id like to be able to post photo comments.
I love it so much
Its indeed awsme
Bad
Van tha vele
Now it works smoothly.
Excellent
Excellent google its so nice to use
Bee
I use this facebook version in samsung galaxy grand quattro it is very fast i loved it please all peson install it
Ayyub
Can know all the world
Facebook best
The app is getting worse and worse day by day. The size of the app alone eating 50 Mb
I can not update because my memory is too low? Tried restarting, deleting some apps and pictures, and still can't install. A lite version would be great.
This crash all the time
People are thinking about.. :p
Good but automatic sign out
Got it
The pictures don't load!
A bit laagy but can work with it :)
This app is too gud..i like it..
Yoo
This is great app........... I love it
It would be nice if pictures can be accessed in the folders where they are located when trying to upload a pic. This version collates all pictures in one big pile and sometimes it takes some time for me to find the pictures I want to upload because they can be mixed up. Please make necessary changes.
Cool
this app consumes too much data
Aqilkuat
<3
Now I can see Facebook Code. Also make sure you set your stuff to private.
sorry to say but I really really hate it! because the update facebook is boooringg i love the un update facebook it much more fun. So when you want to update it make it look awesome. maybe the update facebook can set it new wallpaper of our picture.
Superb
It's hard to see what people comment.
Keep updated
its always running in the background even when im not using it. i have to clean and autokill it to release the phones memory so it wont lag.  collecting data for god knows what purpose. the only reason i use it is to stay connected with friends. if only they would transfer to a social media app that wouldnt invade so much of your privacy
i tired of reinstall this apps i cant log inn in correct password but im 100% sure  i typed it correct.stupid things,whay the hell is happening? And body can answer me?
good
Working little bit slow but it's good to ever..
Crap
Facebook is dying.. just saying.
So called installed to sd card yet using phone memory. Whenever play video... memory full.
Nice work
Loved it
Iov.....
Its to smart very usefull to share my  msg with my frnds
Always crushing and stop working, im nearly uninstalling it! :(
Very bad it crashes slow don't show pics it will not let me record it says recording failed
I absolutely HATE this new update! I cant even look at pictures or videos or anything for it just wont load! Im about ready to delete facebook off my phone for good,  this is seriously getting sickening!
Facebook
It ROCKS it works perfect
Sloww
Nice,pretty good apps
Like it
Galaxy S4
The app crashed when I was about to download photos and tag my friends. I had to restart my phone.
Good
Dr.June-ho Cha, Pastor
The art
Prabu
Useless update!
Gambhir
Good
Liked it on facebook
Good
Ok
Last update sucks.
Great
Nothing works and if it does it shows no pics. Facebook's dying.
So far one of the best FB apps. In Google play store!
It is very cool
I cant see photos sometimes
Pradeep
love fb
Very nice
Tattoos
awful with the "new update" facebook you guys are dissapointing.
Cool
I love to use facebook and this app is so fast and i love it
Give us the option to block people from game invites.
App works great
Super Like
Not good
F**k videos
Excellent
good apps
The Facebook turns off without any notification it just get back to the home screen without any error or for to stop massage        and photos options do sent work !!!!!
I love it
Wht the hell,its cudnt start....
I wish development was more in tune with their clientele. Horrible. Addendum: This app is still horrible. I have hated every update that FaceBook has ever made.
Its best not much
For an app that uses a lot of storage space it's pathetic it doesn't use external storage. Very poor coding.
Loved it
Nice
App
Not to good app
It's great it's perfect I love it the only thing I don't like about it is that it slows my phone down really bad :(
I love this app
Too slow please I hope update it soon
Do NOT DOWNLOAD IT . If you want to connect facebook go to your settings wifi tethering and hotspot and open your internet connection and connect from your pc
Liked it
maja karo
After a few seconds it stops. This is very annoying
Gr8 app to recall memories !!!
Nice yar
Awesome.  Now I can't edit my own comments.
Argggggggghhhhhhh...ddikwjdfofoeffkdkdffkdosos...dissappointed
There is alarms message everyday waiting update but cannot update, whats the problem I don't know
Like it
its good enough..
¥Ä
Really? Fix this!
This update is useless.the last updated was really good one.
Super
MelesioRuiz
I liked the old version of the app, where I could choose what I wanted shown in my news feed. I was having connection issues sometimes so I updated, and *boy* do I REGRET it! I have to hunt down the "most recent" option every time I open the apparently, I don't see many of updates my friends are posting, I have removed the 'suggested pages' from my favorite list, yet it's still the first thing I see when I open my menu!
Keeps freezing on a page and won't let me go back to my home page.
Nice
This is agud thing because wer qe met all friendss and all countres friends ilove it
Not so good for new version...videos not playing... Need to update
Facebook addict! 
Tsk.
Nice
I have been trying to get into my facebook profile and cant. Now your telling me that I have been disabled.  Come on. Let me in my profile
Eh. .
Very easy and applicable to use
Very nice
Very nice
Always back to start
Very
Mast
Only 3* cuz using a lot of RAM.
i like it
A language translator would be great for this app. New update is rubbish. The app forgets where the news feed is upto and keeps loading to previous spots
Good og
Good. Video call?
SHABAN.GOUR
Facebook addiction
UI still needs improvement
This app is great!!!
Bk
safdr1969
Mahindo
When play Video,it always crashed..much better before the update...
It keep telling me about this 'update waiting' things. I liked sth and it's on my notification bar all day long and I can't close it. What's that for? Its kinda anoying!! Pls fix that.
Ya
Please chek!!
It's all that and some
Cannot upload videos it freezes and can't get anyone to fix it! C'mon get with it
You guys really need to add the choice to accept your comments being deleted, I'm tired of it, everyday my comments get deleted, why? I don't know, but that really needs to be put in the app, because it's their Facebook profile, they should give concent about it. Thank you.
Nice
Samuel Cline
With out facebook I cannot live simpley l wiil die.
I need help. It keep saying due to an error (498) cant download facebook. HOW CAN I PUT FACEBOOK ON MY PHONE????

Please fix notification not receiving notification at all.
Good
Nice
Simple to update what you like,,
Mammamia
Unable to see all pictures that uploaded together at a time in one album in news feed. Can't upload picture straight from gallery while other unofficial Facebook app can. So shame. Is it that hard for you?
Improve it pls
Good
Love this network
Looking
Its useful for stay connected with friends
Good
Facebook noe mhee....!!!!##
Indeed
Pls makedouble account
Upload image on comment or status would be better if i can choose my own folder. Now its so difficult to find my image, because all of photos are in the sama place, camera roll
Instant access to facebook
I have a Samsung Galaxy 3...I downloaded the new Kitkat OS and updated my facebook app. Ever since, I am not getting meesages or uptodate posts...it's mad slow too when trying to reload or view comments and videos. I'll just use the web mobile for now. I'll try this app again n a few months when I upgrade to my S5:) I am rating a 2 n not a 1 because I loved this app before the new downloads
Peacefully
Nice app for Facebook...
In your efforts to make a better app you made this new update a ugly and unpractical interfase where I have to go back to see new messages and notifications!  Incredible flaws.. I would like to see the same features as Facebookbrowser. add pics as comments
Please update the new one it makes my phone always stuck .. i can't check my profile
Fighk
Facebook not working well on my phone
Hi
I also just started having a horrible time loading pictures and videos since the update!! Nothing that I can do to fix this.. we need another update here guys!!
Great app overall but due to unknown reasons I can get any links to open.
It won't let make a review
Good
Facebook ilove very much
Please swap top stories and recent posts. I don't care about the top stories! - GS5
This app has gotten slower and slower over time. I wish I could revert to a couple updates ago. Pictures aren't loading and it takes forever to refresh anything.. Also would like to see 'most recent' news/posts set as a default. I use the FB website for the basic stuff nowadays.
If you want to talk with friends given instant gram
Best
I loved it
Great great great great great great great great great great great great great great great great great great great great great great great great great great great great
Not bad
love this app
When I go to someone else's page to look at a specific post...I can't find it at all....its like it was never there no matter what I do!!!!! Please fix!!!
It needs everytime a refreshment to see new feeds nd updates i dosnt itself shows anythng by self updating needs working na it must be faster but i dnt thnk that its faster
Not responding!!!!
I love it
Konaing013456@
When log in using the app the photos dont open when i try to!
The latest update is sooo frustrating and irritating. It takes lots of time to load
Good
Hai
very useful
Needs work
I want a way to set most recent as my default news feed! I could give a crap less about what you think is top news half the things it shows is stuff from 3 days ago
Great fb it so easier to use fb
Cool !!
Nocomment
It's stuck
Yas
Waste slow work
The newest update has caused issues with tagging people in threads when you aren't friends with them. I'm in a mom's group and when I go to comment and tag someone who previously commented, their name doesn't pop up unless I'm friends with them. This is a problem and needs to be fixed so people know when they have been responded to.
Stupid!
Col
I like it
Wow crappy update! Seeing posts from 12 hrs ago. No recent posts can be seen. Piece of $h*t.
its too hard, n now after updated fb. i can't open it and too slow... its making my phone to be stuck.
They finally got their act together. Could be smoother though. Also the app takes up too much battery and runs persistently in the background.
FACE BOOK
Tariqmalik
Video uploads would be complete but won't show on my feed at all wtf
Super
It works very slow
Many crashes !!
WTF is wrong with this app now? I just got my new phone, a Samsung Galaxy S4 last week but I have had to Uninstall and reinstall 3 times now because it will not update my News feed or refresh to show updates. Very annoying. I'm trying it one more time but if it does not work I'll just not have to have it on my phone.
Awesome but i think it would be cool if you could choose the color or your facebook not just blue but alot of different colors (:
Sunkiss
Fast..
Excellent app
Ceja
Il gratia
Wonderful
Need very well updates..
Facebook app is getting better everytime there's an update but there's still no way to copy the text from status or comments
I am very happy on this app
It went off by itself by it's taking forever forever to come back on. what's the deal? Anyone else having this problem?
best
Love it
Samsung galaxy s3
its good but can not save any photos from facebook i give this 1star
Super
longtime
Very excellent
Ab
Facebook
Im just ..
Older version
I've been logged out for a week I tried logging in just now & forgot my password I tried to reset it but Facebook won't send the link to my email after trying so many times I am now blocked please fix!
Amazing
Good
Can't even view most of the videos now.
that design much better than before
Facebook
See above

With the stupid webapp gone. The app is faster to load and browse. More features added. Getting better over time.
Its so good
I love Facebook because it helps me keep in touch with friends home and abroad
Harshil
I'm now unable to load pics and vids properly after the latest update. Please do smth about this asap. Thx!
Facebook
Jaswant dewasi
goods
Its awsome
Love facebook
It's a really good app for any fb addict or even a normal user. It just needs to cut the updates. To many updates in a very short while. If the updates are cut short, it's a really good app.
loading takes lots of time seems unresponsive
App has way to much access to my phone
And the "most recent" tab would still only show a few of the newest posts. But it recently decided it wasn't going to do anything at all anymore.  Just gets worse with each "update."
Problem watching videos!!! App closes if I play a video
It Works Perfectly
Famous
Wont install on my phone keeps saying i have no space for 29 mb i have 1gb left on my phone
So, there should be a permanent way to choose recent post or the other option, it's kind of annoying to have to go to your personal menu and then selecting it.
What happened fb? You kept on loging out by yourself when im trying to chat someone and when u try to fix my profile wt! So annoying!
UI is terrible, and there is no way to change to most recent stories. Also this goes far from Google's app format, is implemented for reason but you know.. Whatever.
I cant search my Groups!!!!
Stop with the dam updates if you can't fix this fucking problem where the video kept getting shut down. Saying unknown error occur everytime every single fucking video it's so dam irritating
Flawless
God is good
Okay
Updates for crap
Good
This is beautiful facebook on my life
Performs to expectations
This is facebook I want my book
Crappy! Needs an update then I can say somethiin good about. It was workiin fine now it says "Authenticity Failed"
Wonderful
Gud app for all buddies...
3 stars? Ha, more like 1 -- maybe Facebook could invest more than $100 toward their mobile app. You could pay an independent developer a couple grand and get something better.
Loed  it
Turn up
Meberi kemudahan untuk mencari rakan baru.
Having trouble with messages. Screen goes blank when I try to access messages.
Too good
chat mode
New update sucks. They took away most recent feeds and left top stories on the mobile version. Repeat stories all the time now all mixed up
WORST!!!!
Nice
I love this app and you can actually get on here and a computer and you can enjoy the amazing world of facebook.

Everytime I load the previous comments in each group photo it suddenly closed the updates sucks that's all!
Nice aap..update version is better than previous version
Downloaded the new update and now my news feed won't load. Again. Happens with every upgrade.
The best app but it doesn't let me download it
The mb is so high and it says insufficient space available
This application requests access to more information than is reasonable. After hearing about background recording I have removed updated, but am unable to un install. Would consider using again once concerns are addressed... But do you really need access to my WiFi info or SMS messages? No.
Illuminati
Its too slow plz do sumthng ......of dis prblm
Liked it
Works alot better now
Its an cool fast app
Just love to use at any cost
Ok I love it all but my message tab says i have messages but when i click it they're not there :(
When you updated to use less data it wont load anything
Interesting...love it!
Ok
Dont sync contacts
This
Hard to follow links. Very slow
=))
App works slow on Samsung galaxy s4 . Lot of crashes and pages not loading properly. Otherwise, works ok.


loved it
Hmm
1.I have to go to the messenger app just to send or receive a message. 2.Videos cut off while they're playing. 3.Sometimes when I update my profile picture or my cover photo, it doesn't appear on my timeline. 4.My news feed is out of order. Seriously Facebook, you need to fix all of this.
Although it still needs something to fix, ILove it.
Will give it 4 stars after the memory is reduced 21.75mb is to much for a phone to use at that rate and  translation would be nice on the phone app....Still taking way to much phone memory even during updates still a 1 star
sarbjit
So many apps in google play and all of them keeps improving but facebook is still a crappy piece of app..
I like it

It works so why mess with it.
Dang
It doesn't work and it is making my phone do nothing I can't go on any apps it always force closed them every time and all my music keeps getting erased
Yaar fb par mare ko mare bachpan k frnd mil gay
I cannot view my photos when I click on them? Also people cannot see my alblums on my page to look at my pics.
I prefer to use the old version, u know why? BCS is more SIMPLE and felt normal to me compared to the updated one . remake it already, idiot! users doesn't care about new interface, as long as its good an stable enough, than u good to release it
Esta jevi
Pics wont load and when i like a status or liad a pic a notification comes . up saying when im online it will load helloo i am online plz.fix
Had to uninstall after last update, because it caused my phone's home button to stop responding. Took days to figure out this was what caused it. FB - undo the changes from this last update...too many problems for tooo many people!
Wow this update is even worse than the last.....It is way too slow and takes up too much space on my phone. It is the only app i have downloaded to my phone because it takes up so much space.
I LOVE IT!
OMkar
The latest update has taken away the option to share a post with specific friends. Please give that function back. Thanks.
I need the app for easy view but wish it was better
Facebook
yeah!
Its cool
Love it
Teshawn
Love facebook
but plsss dicrease the MB!!!
Good to use
Gud
This App Is Noob , So Many Laggy , And Always Auto Close , After Update , So Many Laggy Things Happen
orait..
when I post something the times are wrong when I chat with someone it will be 10:00 but the chat will say that it is two in the morning please fix this.
Pls make an video call pls thank yoy
So seut
Nice site to connecting the people.
Thanks for this product
Nice
I*ND 6
Update won't allow me to upload videos from my LG G2 or Galaxy S4. Stop updating your making it more worthless to use. After I chose my vid to update it force closes and still has the upload logo on the top dashboard. When I click to cancel the upload it'll pop up and force close itself.  Got bad to the point I had to uninstall and reinstall. CRAPPY.
Theres nothing wrong with fb atm
Freezing and forced log out. First time happened since I downloaded this up. New update is not good.
Freezes and must reinstall again. Not awesome...
Very useful aap
everytime i click on a video app closed automaticaly but when i open in browser its working fine. pls fix. using micromac canvas turbo A250.
Kps
I loooove it
Great app makes it so easy for me to take facebook with me wherever i go
Lol
Greatt u can do more stuff
Latest update won't even et me open the app. I will give this a higher rating once it's fixed.
Facebook
App sucks.Never loads
Not bad for my Samsung S4.
It closes when I open it
Great app
Ang hina mag download neto!
For real though
Loved it....!!
Superb book using id and password
Siddhi Vaidya
Its slow and its messing up my screen and it wont let me unstall it!!
I didnt start just logged me out
Hey Men!
Nice
Facebook is basically my life
Now takes forever to load anything and now will not play videos. I uninstalled....
Its cool.... But can still do better..Improvements...(Y)
Google Nexus 4
cant open my new feeds without kicking me out !!..and share and comments are bugged .
Supr
Where are my posts? there have been many times that I post something and it just disappears. What the hell
At least the news feed sort option is back.  Down fall, it always defaults back to top stories & who the heck uses that!  Glad the option is back though.  Would still like to undo the last 3 updates & go back to that previous version.
Its okay but when it says i have a message i dont or i do but it never came please fix it or cjange it back to the old one
Crashes constantly.fix this
I take back my word before. After installing and log in, the app blinking non-stop. What the hell just happened? If developers upgrade the app, please consider low end device as well, not all of us can afford those flashy high end device. I'm using X10i with custom FeraLab firmware. All other apps is working. Please fix it!

Just because in the agreements it says Facebook NEEDS access to you're Camera and microphone..just odd
Its so easy .very nice.
Since I have got my galaxy s5, Facebook has been superb!
A star down as texts are not selectable. For those who have issues in playing videos, a simple fix is to reinstall the app. It worked for me! ZZZZzzzzz

It was working ok, but no longer loads....
Good to reach out to old friends
I held out at v7 and finally upgraded to this release (12). Much faster, compact toolbar, seamless video play. Done good, devs, done good.
After the update back with the news feed problem please fix it
W676 jjjjj immunological i7 u I. I o I k UK k Oulu I in
People suck
Batter work
Cmon Facebook. What's the point of updating it, if we still can't use it properly?
Not only frustrating to initially load, but it won't even let me log in.  Being VISION IMPAIRED -- the idiots dont realize I can NOT even SEE enough to identify photos -- and no other method to verify my account?  Seriously -- FACEBOOK THERE ARE MANY OTHERS VISION IMPAIRED WHO ARE ON THE SITE AND WE USE TABLETS DAILY.  ticked off now with lack of disability access

Can't get in this email for my password for fassbook..
Freezing. All the time
Good
Fun
Play facebook now
Facebook
Love
nice ap
E
not responding !! wtf !!
Love. It
Horrible
WHY I CANT USE MY ACCOUNT IN THIS FACEBOOK PAGE? when i browse i can.
Better
T
comments Issue
Great way to reconect with people lost touch with
I hate it every time it needs an update! Tired of it. Not gonna do some updates anymore!
I can't play my videos since the update yall better figure it out PLEASE  i would give it a 5  but right now i HATE IT....!
gamd awii awiii faCheeeeee5
Amazing. App
Please fix it. I cant open it
Takes too much space and its freezing alot
I dnt use this ap often cuz I can not save pix into my phone but I can on browser. Change and I will change my rating
Good
Super
Ok
Facebook immediately is freezing at load. It has been happening for about a week. This is my only app doing this.
Every update is a step backwards
Sometimes I cant see photos cant even click it. Cant comment. And I cant clear my search, why does it save the search? pls fix
Awesome way to stay in touch with friends and family
It's ok
Cannot instaled ..
Not getting notifications and it keeps sending me back to the top randomly
I have been receiving notifications to update the Facebook app. I have tried many times to update the app but it won't let me. 2 stars, very disappointed.
Can't view videos anymore... please fix this... and it always forced close...
Good
you!
Yes liked it
Vids play for somtime nd thn a errors pops up nd cant play video please fix it
Is cool

Stop showing these messanger advertisement in my inbox ... i wont download it ... and if these stupid ads keep popping up in my face ... i will remove facebook app from my device
I like the Facebook.
Odieu anee
Of great
i have to keep redownloading the app because it always stops !!!
Goof
I always end up using my browser again when I click on the messages etc. When I open this app....  This sucks
Used to never load glad to see its fixed.
Its ok.
Awesome
Very good apps
Sagar
hirap lang idownload
I love connecting with old friends and family
FB
It dosnt working in my mobile
cool
ITS good !
Doesn't always respond.  Very frustrating.

This app is horrible. I have more issues with it than can use it.
At this point, maybe it would just be better for everyone if you began to offer, in addition to the latest version, an older version that works. Now I can't share. WTF?
Everytime i try to watxh a video it takes 20 minutes to load then when it do load it buffers alot....pls fix its pissin me off.
Love it :)
Contacts not syncing
Always got frustrated with video playback error!!fix it!
Since the update, I cannot upload any videos.  It says "processing" for hours and nothing happens.  I can't upload more than a few images at a time without the same thing happening.  I have downgraded to an older version.
like this app
Whenever there is someone who chats me, there is no notification in my notification bar. I should open the app so that I can check if there is. And, it's too slow. It eats my memory. It says here that it is 18.13 MB but I install it and it become 39 something. Wtf.
Larry
Shariff Hussein
I recently updated & now cannot get past login. Cannot even put in my password. Error occurs & I have to forceclose. Fix, fix, fix. This stinks. Hate updating cause I have problems about half of the time. I have uninstalled & reinstalled several times already.
I need
Good
Avani nonh what's app
App does everything as expected.
useful
I like it so far just wish it use less MB that's the only change i see with it
Would be nice to be able to reply.
Facebook is my life
Loved It
I LOVE it
It Want Allow Me To Install.
All is working fine now, with no crashes or error popups. Thanks.
New improvements
House of lot
Cool by me so far
Nothing works anymore.
After i updated it, it can't load new feeds, review old conversation, and fiture to remove people from chat ( i really need this feature) is lost! Fix it...
The Facebook app is DOPE!!
:)
Won't install,  says error code -24
It take alot of time at start, last update ruined this app, only 2 stars
But Fun
Every time I try to download it won't download even when I'm in good WiFi or any WiFi please Fix!!!!
Everythink
Like
I cant leave or see comments.
Please add thumbs down option like utube. Many things posted on facebook really NEED a thumbs down review
It's an awesome app to use on my tablet.
Love this app. Its has themes f or everyone to personalize anybody's phone
Ncy
Facebook does not load photos or updates with the latest update
Hate that GAME INVITES are NOT BLOCKABLE!! Videos open slowly on posts and rarely streams smoothly.  I just close out!! Dont know how to STOP "other device" being "used" via my "account" in Littleton, CO & Heine, TX?? when I live in UTAH, Never been to either place!!! Is not fixable in Account Settings!! R U Overloaded FB??
I don't understand. I've been seeing the same complaints for weeks, and apparently, facebook, your developers are ignoring us. I hardly use fb on my phone cause it's such a battery drain, and I dont even use fb that much anymore anyway. The whole point of a social network is communication. We're communicating with you, fb. You don't seem interested in keeping your users happy or in maintaining a dialogue. And now, I can't even post photos; error every time. Enough. I'm leaving this one-sided conversation.
Love it
Super excellent
Awesome
Jasmine varela
Love my fb app!
Is what it is
Whatever algorithms you put in to news feed, they don't work... Top stories is not the way I want to look at my feed. Give me the option for most recent.  I am aware that it can be accessed, but an app experience should not have to be convoluted to use it how I want. Return the option for most recent news feed and you will get some stars back. Swiping the menu from the left hand side of the screen was far more intuitive than having an additional button on the top bar... Fix Google calendar event sync issue
Jennifer davis bigjendavis 1983 a gmail com
Nice!!!
I like Facebook
You are getting there
Sr
Joy
Video's won't play
Prabu
Useless update!
Gambhir
Good
Liked it on facebook
Good
Ok
Last update sucks.
Great
Nothing works and if it does it shows no pics. Facebook's dying.
So far one of the best FB apps. In Google play store!
It is very cool
I cant see photos sometimes
Pradeep
love fb
Very nice
Tattoos
awful with the "new update" facebook you guys are dissapointing.
Cool
I love to use facebook and this app is so fast and i love it
Give us the option to block people from game invites.
App works great
Super Like
Not good
F**k videos
Excellent
good apps
The Facebook turns off without any notification it just get back to the home screen without any error or for to stop massage        and photos options do sent work !!!!!
I love it
Wht the hell,its cudnt start....
I wish development was more in tune with their clientele. Horrible. Addendum: This app is still horrible. I have hated every update that FaceBook has ever made.
Its best not much
For an app that uses a lot of storage space it's pathetic it doesn't use external storage. Very poor coding.
Loved it
Nice
App
Not to good app
It's great it's perfect I love it the only thing I don't like about it is that it slows my phone down really bad :(
I love this app
Too slow please I hope update it soon
Do NOT DOWNLOAD IT . If you want to connect facebook go to your settings wifi tethering and hotspot and open your internet connection and connect from your pc
Liked it
maja karo
After a few seconds it stops. This is very annoying
Gr8 app to recall memories !!!
Nice yar
Awesome.  Now I can't edit my own comments.
Argggggggghhhhhhh...ddikwjdfofoeffkdkdffkdosos...dissappointed
There is alarms message everyday waiting update but cannot update, whats the problem I don't know
Like it
its good enough..
¥Ä
Really? Fix this!
This update is useless.the last updated was really good one.
Super
MelesioRuiz
I liked the old version of the app, where I could choose what I wanted shown in my news feed. I was having connection issues sometimes so I updated, and *boy* do I REGRET it! I have to hunt down the "most recent" option every time I open the apparently, I don't see many of updates my friends are posting, I have removed the 'suggested pages' from my favorite list, yet it's still the first thing I see when I open my menu!
Keeps freezing on a page and won't let me go back to my home page.
Nice
This is agud thing because wer qe met all friendss and all countres friends ilove it
Not so good for new version...videos not playing... Need to update
Facebook addict! 
Tsk.
Nice
I have been trying to get into my facebook profile and cant. Now your telling me that I have been disabled.  Come on. Let me in my profile
Eh. .
Very easy and applicable to use
Very nice
Very nice
Always back to start
Very
Mast
Only 3* cuz using a lot of RAM.
i like it
A language translator would be great for this app. New update is rubbish. The app forgets where the news feed is upto and keeps loading to previous spots
Good og
Good. Video call?
SHABAN.GOUR
Facebook addiction
UI still needs improvement
This app is great!!!
Bk
safdr1969
Mahindo
When play Video,it always crashed..much better before the update...
It keep telling me about this 'update waiting' things. I liked sth and it's on my notification bar all day long and I can't close it. What's that for? Its kinda anoying!! Pls fix that.
Ya
Please chek!!
It's all that and some
Cannot upload videos it freezes and can't get anyone to fix it! C'mon get with it
You guys really need to add the choice to accept your comments being deleted, I'm tired of it, everyday my comments get deleted, why? I don't know, but that really needs to be put in the app, because it's their Facebook profile, they should give concent about it. Thank you.
Nice
Samuel Cline
With out facebook I cannot live simpley l wiil die.
I need help. It keep saying due to an error (498) cant download facebook. HOW CAN I PUT FACEBOOK ON MY PHONE????

Please fix notification not receiving notification at all.
Good
Nice
Simple to update what you like,,
Mammamia
Unable to see all pictures that uploaded together at a time in one album in news feed. Can't upload picture straight from gallery while other unofficial Facebook app can. So shame. Is it that hard for you?
Improve it pls
Good
Love this network
Looking
Its useful for stay connected with friends
Good
Facebook noe mhee....!!!!##
Indeed
Pls makedouble account
Upload image on comment or status would be better if i can choose my own folder. Now its so difficult to find my image, because all of photos are in the sama place, camera roll
Instant access to facebook
I have a Samsung Galaxy 3...I downloaded the new Kitkat OS and updated my facebook app. Ever since, I am not getting meesages or uptodate posts...it's mad slow too when trying to reload or view comments and videos. I'll just use the web mobile for now. I'll try this app again n a few months when I upgrade to my S5:) I am rating a 2 n not a 1 because I loved this app before the new downloads
Peacefully
Nice app for Facebook...
In your efforts to make a better app you made this new update a ugly and unpractical interfase where I have to go back to see new messages and notifications!  Incredible flaws.. I would like to see the same features as Facebookbrowser. add pics as comments
Please update the new one it makes my phone always stuck .. i can't check my profile
Fighk
Facebook not working well on my phone
Hi
I also just started having a horrible time loading pictures and videos since the update!! Nothing that I can do to fix this.. we need another update here guys!!
Great app overall but due to unknown reasons I can get any links to open.
It won't let make a review
Good
Facebook ilove very much
Please swap top stories and recent posts. I don't care about the top stories! - GS5
This app has gotten slower and slower over time. I wish I could revert to a couple updates ago. Pictures aren't loading and it takes forever to refresh anything.. Also would like to see 'most recent' news/posts set as a default. I use the FB website for the basic stuff nowadays.
If you want to talk with friends given instant gram
Best
I loved it
Great great great great great great great great great great great great great great great great great great great great great great great great great great great great
Not bad
love this app
When I go to someone else's page to look at a specific post...I can't find it at all....its like it was never there no matter what I do!!!!! Please fix!!!
It needs everytime a refreshment to see new feeds nd updates i dosnt itself shows anythng by self updating needs working na it must be faster but i dnt thnk that its faster
Not responding!!!!
I love it
Konaing013456@
When log in using the app the photos dont open when i try to!
The latest update is sooo frustrating and irritating. It takes lots of time to load
Good
Hai
very useful
Needs work
I want a way to set most recent as my default news feed! I could give a crap less about what you think is top news half the things it shows is stuff from 3 days ago
Great fb it so easier to use fb
Cool !!
Nocomment
It's stuck
Yas
Waste slow work
The newest update has caused issues with tagging people in threads when you aren't friends with them. I'm in a mom's group and when I go to comment and tag someone who previously commented, their name doesn't pop up unless I'm friends with them. This is a problem and needs to be fixed so people know when they have been responded to.
Stupid!
Col
I like it
Wow crappy update! Seeing posts from 12 hrs ago. No recent posts can be seen. Piece of $h*t.
its too hard, n now after updated fb. i can't open it and too slow... its making my phone to be stuck.
They finally got their act together. Could be smoother though. Also the app takes up too much battery and runs persistently in the background.
FACE BOOK
Tariqmalik
Video uploads would be complete but won't show on my feed at all wtf
Super
It works very slow
Many crashes !!
WTF is wrong with this app now? I just got my new phone, a Samsung Galaxy S4 last week but I have had to Uninstall and reinstall 3 times now because it will not update my News feed or refresh to show updates. Very annoying. I'm trying it one more time but if it does not work I'll just not have to have it on my phone.
Awesome but i think it would be cool if you could choose the color or your facebook not just blue but alot of different colors (:
Sunkiss
Fast..
Excellent app
Ceja
Il gratia
Wonderful
Need very well updates..
Facebook app is getting better everytime there's an update but there's still no way to copy the text from status or comments
I am very happy on this app
It went off by itself by it's taking forever forever to come back on. what's the deal? Anyone else having this problem?
best
Love it
Samsung galaxy s3
its good but can not save any photos from facebook i give this 1star
Super
longtime
Very excellent
Ab
Facebook
Im just ..
Older version
I've been logged out for a week I tried logging in just now & forgot my password I tried to reset it but Facebook won't send the link to my email after trying so many times I am now blocked please fix!
Amazing
Good
Can't even view most of the videos now.
that design much better than before
Facebook
See above

With the stupid webapp gone. The app is faster to load and browse. More features added. Getting better over time.
Its so good
I love Facebook because it helps me keep in touch with friends home and abroad
Harshil
I'm now unable to load pics and vids properly after the latest update. Please do smth about this asap. Thx!
Facebook
Jaswant dewasi
goods
Its awsome
Love facebook
It's a really good app for any fb addict or even a normal user. It just needs to cut the updates. To many updates in a very short while. If the updates are cut short, it's a really good app.
loading takes lots of time seems unresponsive
App has way to much access to my phone
And the "most recent" tab would still only show a few of the newest posts. But it recently decided it wasn't going to do anything at all anymore.  Just gets worse with each "update."
Problem watching videos!!! App closes if I play a video
It Works Perfectly
Famous
Wont install on my phone keeps saying i have no space for 29 mb i have 1gb left on my phone
So, there should be a permanent way to choose recent post or the other option, it's kind of annoying to have to go to your personal menu and then selecting it.
What happened fb? You kept on loging out by yourself when im trying to chat someone and when u try to fix my profile wt! So annoying!
UI is terrible, and there is no way to change to most recent stories. Also this goes far from Google's app format, is implemented for reason but you know.. Whatever.
I cant search my Groups!!!!
Stop with the dam updates if you can't fix this fucking problem where the video kept getting shut down. Saying unknown error occur everytime every single fucking video it's so dam irritating
Flawless
God is good
Okay
Updates for crap
Good
This is beautiful facebook on my life
Performs to expectations
This is facebook I want my book
Crappy! Needs an update then I can say somethiin good about. It was workiin fine now it says "Authenticity Failed"
Wonderful
Gud app for all buddies...
3 stars? Ha, more like 1 -- maybe Facebook could invest more than $100 toward their mobile app. You could pay an independent developer a couple grand and get something better.
Loed  it
Turn up
Meberi kemudahan untuk mencari rakan baru.
Having trouble with messages. Screen goes blank when I try to access messages.
Too good
chat mode
New update sucks. They took away most recent feeds and left top stories on the mobile version. Repeat stories all the time now all mixed up
WORST!!!!
Nice
I love this app and you can actually get on here and a computer and you can enjoy the amazing world of facebook.

Everytime I load the previous comments in each group photo it suddenly closed the updates sucks that's all!
Nice aap..update version is better than previous version
Downloaded the new update and now my news feed won't load. Again. Happens with every upgrade.
The best app but it doesn't let me download it
The mb is so high and it says insufficient space available
This application requests access to more information than is reasonable. After hearing about background recording I have removed updated, but am unable to un install. Would consider using again once concerns are addressed... But do you really need access to my WiFi info or SMS messages? No.
Illuminati
Its too slow plz do sumthng ......of dis prblm
Liked it
Works alot better now
Its an cool fast app
Just love to use at any cost
Ok I love it all but my message tab says i have messages but when i click it they're not there :(
When you updated to use less data it wont load anything
Interesting...love it!
Ok
Dont sync contacts
This
Hard to follow links. Very slow
=))
App works slow on Samsung galaxy s4 . Lot of crashes and pages not loading properly. Otherwise, works ok.


loved it
Hmm
1.I have to go to the messenger app just to send or receive a message. 2.Videos cut off while they're playing. 3.Sometimes when I update my profile picture or my cover photo, it doesn't appear on my timeline. 4.My news feed is out of order. Seriously Facebook, you need to fix all of this.
Although it still needs something to fix, ILove it.
Will give it 4 stars after the memory is reduced 21.75mb is to much for a phone to use at that rate and  translation would be nice on the phone app....Still taking way to much phone memory even during updates still a 1 star
sarbjit
So many apps in google play and all of them keeps improving but facebook is still a crappy piece of app..
I like it

It works so why mess with it.
Dang
It doesn't work and it is making my phone do nothing I can't go on any apps it always force closed them every time and all my music keeps getting erased
Yaar fb par mare ko mare bachpan k frnd mil gay
I cannot view my photos when I click on them? Also people cannot see my alblums on my page to look at my pics.
I prefer to use the old version, u know why? BCS is more SIMPLE and felt normal to me compared to the updated one . remake it already, idiot! users doesn't care about new interface, as long as its good an stable enough, than u good to release it
Esta jevi
Pics wont load and when i like a status or liad a pic a notification comes . up saying when im online it will load helloo i am online plz.fix
Had to uninstall after last update, because it caused my phone's home button to stop responding. Took days to figure out this was what caused it. FB - undo the changes from this last update...too many problems for tooo many people!
Wow this update is even worse than the last.....It is way too slow and takes up too much space on my phone. It is the only app i have downloaded to my phone because it takes up so much space.
I LOVE IT!
OMkar
The latest update has taken away the option to share a post with specific friends. Please give that function back. Thanks.
I need the app for easy view but wish it was better
Facebook
yeah!
Its cool
Love it
Teshawn
Love facebook
but plsss dicrease the MB!!!
Good to use
Gud
This App Is Noob , So Many Laggy , And Always Auto Close , After Update , So Many Laggy Things Happen
orait..
when I post something the times are wrong when I chat with someone it will be 10:00 but the chat will say that it is two in the morning please fix this.
Pls make an video call pls thank yoy
So seut
Nice site to connecting the people.
Thanks for this product
Nice
I*ND 6
Update won't allow me to upload videos from my LG G2 or Galaxy S4. Stop updating your making it more worthless to use. After I chose my vid to update it force closes and still has the upload logo on the top dashboard. When I click to cancel the upload it'll pop up and force close itself.  Got bad to the point I had to uninstall and reinstall. CRAPPY.
Theres nothing wrong with fb atm
Freezing and forced log out. First time happened since I downloaded this up. New update is not good.
Freezes and must reinstall again. Not awesome...
Very useful aap
everytime i click on a video app closed automaticaly but when i open in browser its working fine. pls fix. using micromac canvas turbo A250.
Kps
I loooove it
Great app makes it so easy for me to take facebook with me wherever i go
Lol
Greatt u can do more stuff
Latest update won't even et me open the app. I will give this a higher rating once it's fixed.
Facebook
App sucks.Never loads
Not bad for my Samsung S4.
It closes when I open it
Great app
Ang hina mag download neto!
For real though
Loved it....!!
Superb book using id and password
Siddhi Vaidya
Its slow and its messing up my screen and it wont let me unstall it!!
I didnt start just logged me out
Hey Men!
Nice
Facebook is basically my life
Now takes forever to load anything and now will not play videos. I uninstalled....
Its cool.... But can still do better..Improvements...(Y)
Google Nexus 4
cant open my new feeds without kicking me out !!..and share and comments are bugged .
Supr
Where are my posts? there have been many times that I post something and it just disappears. What the hell
At least the news feed sort option is back.  Down fall, it always defaults back to top stories & who the heck uses that!  Glad the option is back though.  Would still like to undo the last 3 updates & go back to that previous version.
Its okay but when it says i have a message i dont or i do but it never came please fix it or cjange it back to the old one
Crashes constantly.fix this
I take back my word before. After installing and log in, the app blinking non-stop. What the hell just happened? If developers upgrade the app, please consider low end device as well, not all of us can afford those flashy high end device. I'm using X10i with custom FeraLab firmware. All other apps is working. Please fix it!

Just because in the agreements it says Facebook NEEDS access to you're Camera and microphone..just odd
Its so easy .very nice.
Since I have got my galaxy s5, Facebook has been superb!
A star down as texts are not selectable. For those who have issues in playing videos, a simple fix is to reinstall the app. It worked for me! ZZZZzzzzz

It was working ok, but no longer loads....
Good to reach out to old friends
I held out at v7 and finally upgraded to this release (12). Much faster, compact toolbar, seamless video play. Done good, devs, done good.
After the update back with the news feed problem please fix it
W676 jjjjj immunological i7 u I. I o I k UK k Oulu I in
People suck
Batter work
Cmon Facebook. What's the point of updating it, if we still can't use it properly?
Not only frustrating to initially load, but it won't even let me log in.  Being VISION IMPAIRED -- the idiots dont realize I can NOT even SEE enough to identify photos -- and no other method to verify my account?  Seriously -- FACEBOOK THERE ARE MANY OTHERS VISION IMPAIRED WHO ARE ON THE SITE AND WE USE TABLETS DAILY.  ticked off now with lack of disability access

Can't get in this email for my password for fassbook..
Freezing. All the time
Good
Fun
Play facebook now
Facebook
Love
nice ap
E
not responding !! wtf !!
Love. It
Horrible
WHY I CANT USE MY ACCOUNT IN THIS FACEBOOK PAGE? when i browse i can.
Better
T
comments Issue
Great way to reconect with people lost touch with
I hate it every time it needs an update! Tired of it. Not gonna do some updates anymore!
I can't play my videos since the update yall better figure it out PLEASE  i would give it a 5  but right now i HATE IT....!
gamd awii awiii faCheeeeee5
Amazing. App
Please fix it. I cant open it
Takes too much space and its freezing alot
I dnt use this ap often cuz I can not save pix into my phone but I can on browser. Change and I will change my rating
Good
Super
Ok
Facebook immediately is freezing at load. It has been happening for about a week. This is my only app doing this.
Every update is a step backwards
Sometimes I cant see photos cant even click it. Cant comment. And I cant clear my search, why does it save the search? pls fix
Awesome way to stay in touch with friends and family
It's ok
Cannot instaled ..
Not getting notifications and it keeps sending me back to the top randomly
I have been receiving notifications to update the Facebook app. I have tried many times to update the app but it won't let me. 2 stars, very disappointed.
Can't view videos anymore... please fix this... and it always forced close...
Good
you!
Yes liked it
Vids play for somtime nd thn a errors pops up nd cant play video please fix it
Is cool

Stop showing these messanger advertisement in my inbox ... i wont download it ... and if these stupid ads keep popping up in my face ... i will remove facebook app from my device
I like the Facebook.
Odieu anee
Of great
i have to keep redownloading the app because it always stops !!!
Goof
I always end up using my browser again when I click on the messages etc. When I open this app....  This sucks
Used to never load glad to see its fixed.
Its ok.
Awesome
Very good apps
Sagar
hirap lang idownload
I love connecting with old friends and family
FB
It dosnt working in my mobile
cool
ITS good !
Doesn't always respond.  Very frustrating.

This app is horrible. I have more issues with it than can use it.
At this point, maybe it would just be better for everyone if you began to offer, in addition to the latest version, an older version that works. Now I can't share. WTF?
Everytime i try to watxh a video it takes 20 minutes to load then when it do load it buffers alot....pls fix its pissin me off.
Love it :)
Contacts not syncing
Always got frustrated with video playback error!!fix it!
Since the update, I cannot upload any videos.  It says "processing" for hours and nothing happens.  I can't upload more than a few images at a time without the same thing happening.  I have downgraded to an older version.
like this app
Whenever there is someone who chats me, there is no notification in my notification bar. I should open the app so that I can check if there is. And, it's too slow. It eats my memory. It says here that it is 18.13 MB but I install it and it become 39 something. Wtf.
Larry
Shariff Hussein
I recently updated & now cannot get past login. Cannot even put in my password. Error occurs & I have to forceclose. Fix, fix, fix. This stinks. Hate updating cause I have problems about half of the time. I have uninstalled & reinstalled several times already.
I need
Good
Avani nonh what's app
App does everything as expected.
useful
I like it so far just wish it use less MB that's the only change i see with it
Would be nice to be able to reply.
Facebook is my life
Loved It
I LOVE it
It Want Allow Me To Install.
All is working fine now, with no crashes or error popups. Thanks.
New improvements
House of lot
Cool by me so far
Nothing works anymore.
After i updated it, it can't load new feeds, review old conversation, and fiture to remove people from chat ( i really need this feature) is lost! Fix it...
The Facebook app is DOPE!!
:)
Won't install,  says error code -24
It take alot of time at start, last update ruined this app, only 2 stars
But Fun
Every time I try to download it won't download even when I'm in good WiFi or any WiFi please Fix!!!!
Everythink
Like
I cant leave or see comments.
Please add thumbs down option like utube. Many things posted on facebook really NEED a thumbs down review
It's an awesome app to use on my tablet.
Love this app. Its has themes f or everyone to personalize anybody's phone
Ncy
Facebook does not load photos or updates with the latest update
Hate that GAME INVITES are NOT BLOCKABLE!! Videos open slowly on posts and rarely streams smoothly.  I just close out!! Dont know how to STOP "other device" being "used" via my "account" in Littleton, CO & Heine, TX?? when I live in UTAH, Never been to either place!!! Is not fixable in Account Settings!! R U Overloaded FB??
I don't understand. I've been seeing the same complaints for weeks, and apparently, facebook, your developers are ignoring us. I hardly use fb on my phone cause it's such a battery drain, and I dont even use fb that much anymore anyway. The whole point of a social network is communication. We're communicating with you, fb. You don't seem interested in keeping your users happy or in maintaining a dialogue. And now, I can't even post photos; error every time. Enough. I'm leaving this one-sided conversation.
Love it
Super excellent
Awesome
Jasmine varela
Love my fb app!
Is what it is
Whatever algorithms you put in to news feed, they don't work... Top stories is not the way I want to look at my feed. Give me the option for most recent.  I am aware that it can be accessed, but an app experience should not have to be convoluted to use it how I want. Return the option for most recent news feed and you will get some stars back. Swiping the menu from the left hand side of the screen was far more intuitive than having an additional button on the top bar... Fix Google calendar event sync issue
Jennifer davis bigjendavis 1983 a gmail com
Nice!!!
I like Facebook
You are getting there
Sr
Joy
Video's won't play
Come on it close alone when I'm on fb rly bad
Half of my feeds won't allow me to comment or post pictures. Whatever you did needs to be undone!
I love fb
Excellent
Cool
Love it nice app alwayz.
Omg
I love this apps
Hacks fast
Meh
Facebook is amazing u get to talk to ur friends n family that r far away or who don't have a phone.
I love Facebook , what happened tho , it's not showing in my apps and play store even after updating won't let me open it ??? :(
Exemplary!!!
Please make these "update waiting" notifications clearable! They are so frustrating. Or just get rid of them!
Xxx
what ever you've done how bout undoing it. crap
App kinda sucks. Could be a lot better if you put stuff in order of newest posts to oldest. To be a great app think of the obvious and convenience.
Facebook ya
Since this last update Facebook keeps crashing. I've restarted my phone, but it just doesn't seem to work anymore. Other than this fluke in the app, it's been fine up until here.
Veery good aap i like it
Now better but some bugs , little slow
Great
I like this app very much
Keep good job guys
After certain messages it does not load. Notification suck . Needs more features!
Always there when you need it...
50mb?! My phone doesnt have much space for anything else
Videos are not playing,it shows unknown error, can't play the video,reinstalled the app, videos play for that day and then back to the same. Please solve this issue, fed up of reinstalling every week
I like it
I like fb.fb mule mazi ek maitrin milali.amhi 5 varsh ekmekincha shodh ghet hoto so thanks to fb.amchi harvaleli maitri sapadali thank you...!!!
Best Social App EvEr
Nice
Can't even load very fast,change this app
So much loved it
Been experiencing problems when using from xperia z c6602 it crashes many times some times doesn't even responds please fix it.
Impressive tactic to get your attention, but effective!
Where's the updates m usng htc wildfire s ? Plz fix the buggs ...
I just get an error code when I try and install this new update hope you guys fix this problem
Great
Wtf?
Hello
Cannot view pictures. Also will not let me comment on half the posts that are in my feed. And what happened to being able to attach pictures in the comments? Please fix.
The last update really sucks. Please improve the speed. News feeds and photos are very slow.
No poke notifications?? This app really sucks. Rarely give me any notifications and can't see pokes at all.
Violates your private data
Videos freeze but u can still hear audio... Eventually it crashes the app... Has been a problem for the last 3 or 4 updates, please fix!
very poor user interface
Its not working
I cannot open this at all. Message "Unfortinately, Facebook has stopped" popped out everytime i click it.
There's a progress
After the new update it wants to crop whatever picture I want to use for a profile picture!! Don't care for the new set up...there was nothing wrong with the old one, u should of left it alone. And get rid of top news!!! Nobody cares about it, just leave the news feed as most recent
Thank.you
Hehe
Newsfeeds are random with no option to see newest feeds¡­  worst updates ever!!
Nice
Nice
Not bed
Great
My only comment is that it can be really slow at times.
Don't work with any application just shut out,close out. Reads contact Facebook.  Almost all my apps are connected to fb.. this didn't start with this update,it's been going on 2 weeks now.
V.good
I Iv dis
Automatically closing it if i try to run the video files from app.. Many time i uninstalled and reinstalled the app but no use.. New version also same issue continues..

Godd apps for work. Its run to fast
A Way To stay In Touch With Family......
Best app
I keep getting a notification for an update being needed and now I have the same one six times in my newsfeed! It won't let me erase them and my app is up to date!
KOOZ
its cool
Constantly having to force close this app as it always is telling me error or no connection! If I could give it a -5 stars I would!
No just no . Im not gonna rate dis app
This is very poor. Every comment says they want most recent posts.  Just fix it. How long is it gonna take. The app was better 2 years ago than what it is now
Supaaaaaaar and awesome
Stupid I cannot post video says im offline but im on a strong wifi fix it
Not bad
It never runs slow
don't like the UI. mobile web version suits me better
Fabulous ..
Please list details. Also, comment section transparent on android L
I like this application
Samsung galaxy s4
Hi
Wow coolll
LOVE FB
Nice
Very slow
nyc
Nice
Hangs a lot
Super
Its get stop every second. Its  annoying whenever i try to open it get stop and i receive this stupid msg that " unfortunately Facebook has been stopped" fix it asap  your app is becoming worse day by day and i don't think that you guys read our review disappointed!
Since I updated Facebook, it force quits all the time.... Can barely get on it.... I try to click the Facebook button and the screen goes black and won't work... Fix this please!!!!!!!
Bad app
Nyc!!!??????
A good way to share things,ideas.
Most of the time videos don't see to play even if I've full WiFi signal. Very annoying. The ability to copy and paste from the news feed would also be welcomed!!!
Like it
THIS APP IS GIVING ME ALL KINDS OF TROUBLE TODAY I CANT EVEN OPEN THE APP WITHOUT IT SHUTTING DOWN ITS JUST A GREY SCREEN, I CANT UPLOAD AND VIDEOS OR PICTURES DUE TO IT FREEZING UP, PLEASE FIX THESE ISSUES
Very nice to link with people
Best
So Good
Good app ..
Fye
very nice
I love this app cuz it sucks...!!! An I love dis app soo much....
I think im not using facebook apps on my mobile. Facebook using my mobile im sure coz facebook apps my mobile screen lock not working and some time my mobile suck wen i use facebook
This app is down please fix right away please
great
Love it
Yet to be improved fast good enough
On Android L, when commenting, the virw has transparent background. Very annoying.
Theek theek hai
Its been different on this phone and works better but it still force closes and i dont like it
Martha Little Wright
I like it
Nooo...
Want I open my facebook this app always freaze...urgggghhhhh....sooooo bad
Borin
Kkkkkkkkk
Much
Great
Good
Its good but a lot of bullying and things happen on here I prefer instagram
After update, it crashes when I watch videos!!!
Very stupid better off going on the computer, i couldn't even get it to sign in once this app Is junk way to slow.
Great
Facebook
I like very much
Fine
Gud for time pass
Awesome software

Fb:// links only opens fb feed instead of fan page
Well the new update are good... some of the people say there are problem with fb but its dnt happen to me... check ur phone first brfore say anything.....and i try at my sony x8 and there is no prob with fb..
Plz fix d above issue. .  When ever I open d app... I see d same posting .
Years and years and same terrible app. No improvement! Keeps throwing me to the top of news feed! Asks every single time to change language! HEY I DON'T WANT TO CHANGE LANGUAGE! Where did you find this development team? Worst ever!
Little problem, widget on android seems to not be working properly.  It does not reflect when there's a message or notification.  Please fix bug.
Male from abuja
Every time i try to watch a video it plays for 3 seconds then freezes
I love it
In this application we are feel connected the good people and my reviews from this application are great. ...
X lent
Wow
Ok
Nothings wrong.ok so plz don't complain.
Since the last update, 9 times out of 10 the app wont open & when it does its so slow! :-( not a happy bunny! Its getting worse grrrr
Love
Awesome app
Good
Chef
I
Exilant
I love Facebook BC u can find people that u have not seen or talk to in a long time
It wont let me log in. Before I logged out it wouldn't let me post, comment or like so I logged out and restarted my phone hoping to fix the problem and now it wont let me log in. New update is horrible!!!!
my best social networking site ever..
very nice app
New update is very bad. Fix it plz.
Niamani Grimes kept popping up when I logged in this account belongs to Betty Ferguson and not Niamani Grimes every time i post her name would appear as the sender and not mine. that's probably why they would say password is invalid. that's my phone number and my email not Niamani Grimes.  my name is Betty. Ferguson
Everytime I wanna watch my friends video I'll get this an unknown error occured when you try to play this video. Please fix this, so far the only solution is to uninstal and install then click on the video I'll give 4 stars if you manage to fix this TQ
I LUV ITT
Gr8
I love this
Great for when im out and dont wanna waste time searching for facebook!!!!!
I cant dowlaud my facebook

Not working on galaxy  s5 after update please fix
Im addicted to facebook
Too havvy
Vivekkumar
Facebook
Nys appp
Love
THEBEST
Gud
Dhanushka Madusan
Lol
Amazing app
am
Naice
super nice
Girlfriend is my facebook
WOW. You don't need to record any audio or video from my device. This just further confirms Facebook as an arm of the NSA  spy grid that does no good stopping terrorists. What an epic fail. Don't install this application if you care about your privacy fellow citizens...
And stop lieing
Very slow Dammm
The app has definitely improved. Used to rate 1 star.
I can't choose between Top Stories/Most Recent anymore, so my news feed is mostly from a few days before. I try to post a status and it disappears when I post it. Comments won't post half the tome either. Lame.
Best app
Description
News feed is not working. I couldn't choose to view top stories or recent stories. It is the main feature often uses on FB. It connect us with our friends. Please make improvement.
Good
It's Facebook
I like it very much. But not as much as WHATSAPP. It is better then this. U should make it faster more
There's nothing to say its awesome
It works good!!;D
Hi
Imrankhan
Wow supper dupper
Useful app
I really don't like the Top News. Now it is the default main page and it really is irritating. Uninstalling until this is fixed.
Prdip kumar
Wish you
Hey fb team! Please also have emoji for facebook app that will no longer require as to download emoji keyboard. Just like in fb messenger. Please. It will be a great feature too!!
Lovely
notification options are good. app runs alil slow.  Force closes now.  Updates stink
Finally makes the full power of Facebook available to Android.
Poor....doesn't show photos...also the tagged comments nd pics cannot be edited... embarrassing. ...nid to improve. .
After the new update, I can no longer view pictures...
But it still has bugs and makes my phone crash on occasion.
Best
Sheen the same time Thanks
After the upgrade seem it very slow loading especially a picture or photo in facebook..
This app is very Good
5 star's
Attt
Nice
I absolutely love the fb app...  No complaints here!
awesome
After the latest update,  the app won't connect to the internet.  My Wi-Fi and lte are both functioning properly, but I can't load my newsfeed or notifications.  Despite this new issue,  the app is normally fine.
Excelent appp....
Mark Zuckerberg
good
Fun
I turn off notification for apps and games and it still notifies me.
Thanx Samsung
Cool!! 
No  words to describe how can an app could be...it works different on Google, again different on opera mini and on pre installed fb.
yr kiya lekhe bahut lajabab hai ye fb bhi
Too Slow aap... even in 3G speed....
Will not move to SD card. Difficult program to use. For example, unable to share posts in a message (web browser you can). Also unable to do share to custom lists. A lot of things you can do on a web browser are missing.
I don't like the update
Goo way of keeping up with friends and family.
Gracias
The app is really OK aside from being such a big file. My phone always has not enough storage because of facebook but when i delete the app my phone has almost enough for 5 more apps.
Awesome
Ilovethisapp
Y ketone mandan apik lah
My news feed is always a day or two behind.... I dislike that I am unable to view updated posts...

I love Facebook
gooooooood
Good
My love
I like
Very good
Because if i have notifications and notifications not on my notif. And i should load my notif.please fix it and make be faster.
Good
Photos don't load half the time, news feed won't load, friends profiles won't load. Very inconsistent. I expected way more from Facebook. Fix these problems, and 5 stars.
Thx for makin' it

Everything is working fine again. :)  ~ Samsung Galaxy S5 user
Ok
A danger app to understand
like it

My Facebook can't running
Im so tired of the news feed it doesnt update it, i cant see new post all i see is alot of post that were hours ago, so irritating.
Please fix.
Nice
everytime I uploaded videos, it tells me the I infringed copyright. my picture using background music makes it illegal??? useless app!!! messaging sometimes wont work!!!
Very nc app
News feeds are shown like java mobile phone...
FIXED IT PLEASSSE .. IT TURNS MY PHONE HANGED ALWAYS IT REALLY ANNOYING -_-
This is awesome and great to have on my phone so YEAH we have the best
I like bcoz it is so easy.
sometimes isn't responding
I updated my Facebook (reluctantly) and now I'm plagued with intermittent freezes, screen blackouts and an inability to scroll. This is an application specific issue and not my phone.
Ok
The app is great and I love it BUT when you scroll down sometimes, you may have accidentally liked posts so this next update should update something with that when like it they will say like something in like a new page titled POSTS AND PICTURES YOU'VE LIKED.
Very good
I can find my all fan easly
Takes too much time to install, installation stops at 93% .....i cant install it now because installation is stopped at 93% what to do now?
Keeps saying 1 update waiting in my notification bar and won't go away.. super irritating. Please fix. Also hard to access notifications
Nice one
Sithaam dream killer
this facebook update makes me sick! I REALLY HATE IT
Very often it doesnt work. It requires to force close it. Fixx itt
Love it
Kkkkkkkkkkkkk
Why does face book continue to make updates that seem to do NOTHING but take up space make it harder to use the app and makes it very annoying to set up the way a user wants it, and then they seem to IGNORE user feedback. Update on Android device SUCKS
Goood
Great..
Very useful app to be updated within your world
Eh...
Not Bad. Keep it up......
Is awsome

Nothing to say I love it.....
It is good

Hate that my newsfeed doesnt load please fix it! 4+ days now!
facebook
Good
4567
Cant see my location while posting.. Disgusting 2 star only
Duesllent
I love it
nuff sed
Cool app!
Good app
So o o good
Giog
Keep up the good work guys
Nice

vamsi
With the new update my back button is completely useless within the app uninstalling this crap
Slow slow slow :x :/
Ok app!
Very good
Need work fix quick
Its awesome now i can contact to my friends
Like this
Good
Unusuable. Crashes constantly.  I just give up Facebook.
Loved it
Excellent
Nice.
Will stop while playing half way of the video,PLEASE FIX IT !
Pretty cool
Y
It's ok and it works fine.
While trying to Play video posted on facebook wall, facebook crashes. I am using Micromax Canvas 4, Running Android 4.2
The most crappiest app ever
but,facebook is so good for me and my family...
Abcdefg
Anup limb
Since the update my facebook hve not been acting right. My newsfeed won't work and my pictures won't load.
Everthing is ok about the app but please add a feature through which the text in the posts can be copied. And, text in other languages like Gujrati aren't displayed in app. Please fix it.
Aftr recent update video not playing...
News feed is being buggy, it doesn't refresh correctly. When I like something, it registers only for a split second that I liked it, and then it reverts back. I keep liking a post over and over, but it doesn't register that I like it. I can't edit the privacy of events that I host! Let me report comments and stuff! Please fix!
Cool and nice
The app is way too big, I had to delete 3 apps and 25 videos (of 5 min each) to make sure there is sufficient storage for the "legendary" Facebook app, but it always tells me that there is insufficient storage. I just wanted to share a video easily, but if I can't even download the app, what's the matter.
Best for social networking
Missing so many posts. Every day I miss about 8 hours worth of posts that don't show in my feed on most recent. It goes from 30 minutes to 8 hours ago. Everything shows just fine in web browser
Internet irundal frandship and sharing in facebook
Yo
Hope Facebook can improve its feature of searching people more effectively.
Giv
Don't play videos on mobile data or WiFi :@
Good app
Cool
Why can't I download this app?
Cool
Gudapp
Lovely
The new update sucks. Pics wont load. And the same with videos. No videos are able to play. It just says unknown error. Whats going on fb? Fix it. Also the new posts are not showing up and if one does it then dissappears almost instantly. Whats going on fb??? Come on fix please. Was a good app but everytime you guys update something else goes wrong. Fix please.
Fb
It needs to be update again soon... I can't upload videos in facebook... Also I don't like the new style and I think a lot of people does.. please fix it...
Qt
Gives error while playing video.
Everytime I open the app it asks me to change the language, no matter how many times I cancel it it keeps asking me, and the videos and pics don't load anymore, overall this version sucks.
Friends.
Good
The bomb
Calling
Love the latest update. Works very well with my Samsung Galaxy S III. Thank you, Facebook!
It let's me go on my facebook
Won't downlode Facebook sux
New phone
I dont know what u guys didn but now I cant see pictures and videos dont even play. Whats going on fb??? Fix it. Before the videos played even if auto play was turned off. Now they dont even play at all even when u click on the video. Fix please
Aden
I can connected with people and stay in touch
Good
Loy
Data consumption
Its awsome lov it
Better new fb
Nice
Nice job

I love Facebook
I love it <3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3
T
Guddddddd
But its little slow.
Gettin better.
Kachi dewar hu tokher na legana muje apni nejero se besa ker na gerana muje
Happy Times
Still not the best , but since the new Ui it keeps getting better
there is too late for log in And log out
Cool app
When i open this app after few days it comes as error in news feed , n icant c updates posts news feeds
Can't upload pictures! Haven't been able to for the past few days
Cool
Great
No words to say just awsome
Update very slow
^_^
Suck...force close...slow
Superb..!!!!!!
Fb is best for social media
Very good app
Kobir
You cant even create album directly from timeline when uploading a pictures.
itd a vry nice aap  yrr  use  nd fell  hapyyness
Sir videos can't play please reset this problem
Somvuthy
Keep up
I have some problems on it but overall its okay
I love fb . I have met the most incredible guy there.
Everybody knows
UI is improved.
Loved it
Very nice suggested
Well,the new update was a disappointed. The presentation looks as if it was made in 2005.The old update was much better than this.Kindly make some changes.
I try to install fb on my android phone but it refuses to download,it keep saying error
Pretty good has some downs but not bad.
Nakli
It does nt provides proper updates .. I'm uninstalling dis app.. t made my phone slower
Very good
I agree with all the bad reviews given here. Can't see my videos...news feeds suck...I didn't want to update because when I do something more screwd up happens. Please fix this ASAP!
Cool
Wanted mohammed Hussein oromo first !!!
i love it...
i like this
Usama
Nice to talk to people and good to find friends
I like it
Stay in touch with friends and family
Love it
It's ok
Excellent
Freezes when it reaches a video then force closes.
Can't log in this new update sucks. Go back to the old one.
Garbage news feed is still messed up, goes from 3 mins ago to 7 hrs ago to 3 days ago even though it's set on most recent, and just randomly closes :( to bad
Please reveal my corrent fb account, I forgot my password!!!
Too gud
Oops! Now!  More take more memory working less better!  Wow now any time o need to force close my phone!  So decrease the memory and upgrade the service!  Please "! Because now Facebook downgraded in my list!  Improve it please!
I't great.... Time to time got to be prefect
Keep it up
Besat
Crashes a lot
Its a good app for time pass chatting amazing
So what the hell have you done to Facebook? No longer able to upload photos.  It has been trying to upload one photo from my phone for 12 hours now.  Delete it,  try again, same problem.  Please fix whatever you have done.  If I can't upload photos no point in me having Facebook thanks.
Great
Every time not responsible for application so much bad
News feed, photo, videos, everything takes ages to load. the Latest update is a crap.
WTH. When we change our profile pic, it'll make that pic new. Huuh. And it make pic pixel so low. Bad app. And even can't untag someone after tagging. Even it shows us online when we are offline. Fix itttttt.
its a very gud app....m..just loving..itttttt!
Ali
Facebook is cool
To whole
This update is a pile of crap! App keeps freezing and randomly signing me out. Ive had enough of this rubbish app. Sort it NOW.
ok.
Love facebook
Loves it
Since the update the app always freezes up and says that there has been a error and it isnt responding.
It will no longer play videos from my news feed. HTC One M8.
Very nice
Blims gl
I keep sending reports to Google. Uninstalled and reinstalled to see if that helps.
Most of the times it shows a notification that my likes or status will be updated after becoming online despite being online itself...
Returns to the most recent part of the feed whenever I clickon a link in any post. Annoying.
So Good
The app is ok but you really need to start listening to your users. By default,  'Most Recent' should be what's shown, not 'Top stories'. We should have the ability to switch this up top as well & it shouldn't be buried in the side menu. This is completely unfriendly for users and a huge pain in the butt. You need to fix this asap. We've been asking awhile now.
Good
Very useful
Why can't this have cheat heads?
I got frustrated while using this app. This new version is so annoying. When I updated it,my anger knew no bound. This update makes it worthless nd it's going to be extinct.....@ZEE
FB had done a good work but still a lot can be done to make this no. 1 app
Frozen every 5 minutes after the update
Love this app
I
Now I can keep up with family & friends in real time. Yea!
Good applicastion
Please fix this!!! I cant view videos! Its very aggravating!!
Super entairtainment
Nice
Hi
It won't upload a video all the way, but it won't let me cancel the upload so i have to uninstall then reinstall the app.
Lovely,...
Best Connecting People
Nice
Good
So so nice app
Yeeeeeees, still crappy.
i hate this, when i downloading it said error downloading because of enough space but i delete some of the apps or others when i download this, it did it again i hate this so much to kill!!!
App is only good for the rubbish bin. It's not updating
Please obey android master sync. Do not update over everything else. Also: I HAVE TO install messenger? Two seperate apps? I thought that was the point of this app to give full access to Facebook. Nvm, I got bored of it anyway.
Nice app
When I first run the app and after I play any video, I can't play anu videos no more. It just loads and then when I cancel or press the back button on my phone the app just hangs or crash. Please fix this
I like facebook to communication with my family and friendship, but I don't know  how can i reset again my account, they didn't access
Ok
Very nice app
facebook
In Sony Xperia Z2. Error during Video play if forward untill error point than play full video.
ur service is very goid
By
Facebook is the best app in the world
It's Facebook.
Good app hope update speeds it up
Very good
I can't save the picture at fb. Please fix it :) I will give u 5 stars :)
Its always saying that i have not enough storage in my phone while my phone have enough space for this app...fix this plss
Why can't  i install facebook?  It keeps saying " Unknown  error code during  application  install: "-24 "
This app helps in socialization
Aps
Superbbbbbbbbbb
Alike
App changes to this stupid beta and I can't change how I see my news feed. I hate it.
This shi slapped
We cant save the pics in cmnt..i dont know what is ds.....
Nice
It slow....I hate it
After update, my system memory is always almost full when using this app, any feedback will do,
Good
can't edit comment  and not reply option....  it never shows top comments.  late notification alert.
Good
Finally Facebook has done something right. Working good for me. Only complaint is the newsfeed issue. I would like to be able to make most resent my default!
I am always here to view their profile of the most important thing in the world of good practice
Lost ability to add photos to albums, keeps forclosing, and completely slowed my phone.. UNINSTALL!
I like middle one
Video not playable in xperia z2
Need to improve on privacy policy terms  Because friends only/friend of friends still leaked.  My FB was Hacked and I strongly belive my identity was stole( I can't prove it as I reseted my phone.
Wow
Great
Its a good way to connect with long distance friends
Works terribly on my droid.  Always locks up. Used to work fine
I believe this brings me hope
Useless update!
plese reslve
Its a great way to communicate with friends and family
Need to update but doesn't let me
Sometimes the app wont open. I have to reinstall it again. Pls fix.
Hi friends
Now I cant log on  !!!!
GR8
It 's so slow and when open the facebook my phone goes off
Time pasd
Nice and fastest Fb
Its a must have
Its nice to see it

Fantastic
Nice App
It says no internrt connection but i have wifi, dont know whats the problem
This us the worst app update ever. Nothing works. Somebody needs to fix the problem with the videos that don't pkay because of "an unknown error". It's like fb is adamant that no videos can be played on androids. Highly annoying. Every New update gets increasingly frustating
Love it¡­
Good
fb..since your last update. it took awhile before i red my messages in my inbox.."0 request and etc." is always popping every time i open my messages. pls.fixed this.. i really don't  like the new update..
Super
This is the best app I've ever had!!
Its horrible, ugle too much when you search for something.  some totally different stuff come on
This app has gone to crap. It used to work great and now I can't even play videos. It's extremely slow and it takes forever to log in and out. You need to fix this garbage app, now. Oh, by the way, get rid if the "suggested pages" that clutter up my timeline.
Nice application...
Awesome updated but the photos arent downloading well
What's with the news feed not hiding or unfollowing people or pages? I have to do it everytime I open the app. Seriously fix this & stop suggesting crap like games, pages or people to me. I'll find them on my own terms. Please remove the sync all the facebook albums. I never asked for this crap on my phone.
Iloveit much much
It's a good app but thinking bout deleting it cuz it drains my battery too quickly
Hebat
Baik.janda baik.baik..hahaha
I couldn't't like something or share it without it going all the way back to the latest feed. Ok. Now it's fixed!
Uninstalled and reinstalled not working for a week on my tablet. WTG with the update!
So much helpful
Ok
Your Facebook session has expired!
I god i trust
Best
Good
The most recent update, as of July 4th, crashes every time I try to open the app, freezes the phone, and is absolutely non functional. Whatever you did, undo it.
When ever I liked some photo or video its showing in that session. When I again logged in , my 'like' is not there..
Pages aren't loading, I can't upload my pics. No newsfeed. Just spinning wheel of death. Please fix ASAP!
video player not work only voice no image
Great app
Love it and Facebook easy access
Tare applicatia
4/5
Vert fast
Bt data was gowing up ...
How many more updates,this is ¨¤ joke
Few crashes here n there
Good....!!
Got job..
Not down load fast and some problem shows but its ok
Literaly wont work
Swegg
Chris
Always logs me out when ever i minimize it. I am using huawei y511. Please fix it
The app is ok. But it is so slow and it slows down my entire phone. I hated the app.
Loved it

Improve in android....
Good
hai
Good
New design is really making me mad
D best way 2 meet people all over d eorld
Love  .  It
Coochbehar
it can't work perfectly in galaxy lite5302 having slow speed
IT'S A GREAT APP TO HAVE ON YOUR PHONE TO KEEP UP WITH FAMILY AND FRIENDS.....
Its very  useful app
Excellent
Agali bar Modi sarkar.nice one App
Ok but too complicated
rajesh
excellent
Please change version.
Love it
Great Apps
Nice app
Nice
Esta muy bueno
I loved it
Every thing is gud except that u must add a new feature...kind off somthing like a person is online for how much time till now...that would be just great.!!
FORCE CLOSE FORCE CLOSE FORCE CLOSE FORCE CLOSE FORCE CLOSE FORCE CLOSE FORCE CLOSE FORCE CLOSE FORCE CLOSE FORCE CLOSE FORCE CLOSE FORCE CLOSE FORCE CLOSE FORCE CLOSE BULLSHIT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Yh
Hi
When will Facebook Home be able for use on this device?
Alija
With the latest update it no longer does anything. All I get is the the spinning circle of death.   It  doesn't update the posts and hasn't in days. It is requiring login every time I use it.  I just can't stand this app anymore.
One of the best app I have ever used at my Note 2
Nice
Good
It says 21.75 MB but it took my 150 mb on my phone . WHY?
Every time I leave a wifi zone it says no connection but I can open in my browser!  Why??? Ran updates but nothing works. Maybe my phone but everything else works so what's up with that?
Good
I realy loved it
Keep it up
Get rid of the update waiting thing.
They want access to everything on the phone... scary.  Why do they need all of that????
mughal
Magical
Fyn
Soufiankacmmc
Nice appp
My news feed doesnt show the newest post
This new update freezes my phone ALL the time. I only get through a couple of scrolls if any at all before it freezes and automatically shuts down. Most of the time I have to restart my phone just to get the app to work for a little bit....I don't like this new update at all!!!! Uninstalling!!!!
great
Naro
Does well don't have any problems I love it
I love it
It is really osm app to update..
Disappeared from my phone. Bleah!
excellent
We want replay for comments pls fix it .. And u don't listen to us
Unprecedentedly
After last update I can't do ANYTHING! Nothing loads, can't view pics and videos and keeps saying fb is not responding and closes! So frustrating. Fix this fast! Why have all these updates that just seem to make it worse?!
It smthng bothers alot
Flex
Pls fix it, i just install it in my Asus Zen5 n it just show the word "just a moment" but can't even open the page. Been trying for the whole day after uninstall n install again n again....fed up with it...
This update has set a permanent notification that fb will update my offline likes and posts, even after i got online and my posts got posted. I think this notification will be forever in my notification bar.
This facebook is cool
Eating my ram 76mb :3
I dont kow
Doesn't load profiles, pics or statuses. This update was a F a i L
5 POINTS FOR TURNING NOTIFICATIONS OFF!! THANKS AGAIN FOR LISTENING DEVELOPERS!!! :))
Yannna daa
Could have more features that you have when on a browser. .
I can not save picture to my phone, MotoG. Please fix it.
And kids
Luv it
Floyd Clemons
Nice but not perfact
Love it
Please help.... I cant upload photo even only one..... so sad.... =(
It's ok
Gud way to connect to people
I am one of them people that doesn't own a camera.  My phone is my computer and everything in one. I recommend this app. Easy peezy!
This app uses too much mobile data. I end up renewing data packs in every 15 days that is meant to last a month...
Jumps to the top of my news feed without me scrolling then I have to find where I was in the feed! Please fix!
Easy
Love
Am using sony Xperia Z2. When playing video showing that " cannot play video "... :-(
superb
Very good
Slower more then smarter
Y doesn't the online list update any more unless you close the app and reopen it
It even doesn't deserve 1 star
Call them what they are and you might win back some folks who are tired of the lawyer-ized cover-up for "we want your data for marketing".
Operator
Last few days I cannot open Facebook videos 
Great, Excellent
Its really good. Very simple to use and browse the things better than other apps . Thanks to play store
Supppeeeerrrrrrbbbbbbbbb
Some bugs are there
Useless ...
Very good
No good

It's really bad! Couldn't load photo :(
Not sure what happened but I can no longer approve or deny the posts I'm tagged in, not even off of a computer...this needs to be fixed as the things I get tagged in can't be seen by anyone and half the time I don't get notifications!
Slow app
Coool
I love it. Total increase in friends!
facebook
It's cool but do I always retry to re download it ?!
Constant force close of messages section after last update
Chit thu
Shekinah Ordonez
No words
UMAR
I miss u facebook, good apps
Install plz
All
Good apps.
The new version I can't like it
Cool app facebook
Good app....
keep it up

Excellent performance
The old settings were good.
Excellent
Love it
Like it
Takes up to much space in my phone!!!! 138mb
Facebook
Konda  Rathnaiah
really is really amazing..
Fantastic
It's a good,  reliable app.
This app use the most MB. Why?
Sucks.  Speed is non-existent.   Unfortunately they don't have negative stars.
Love this app
Thnks
Love story
Nothiiing
You could have any friends on it
Best app i ever had
Joshua
Okay
Confident
I'm now changing to a one star, was a two star, but after another sucky update, the Facebook app won't load my feed at all now.
Good I like it
We dont have better than this
Facebook is for time pass
The new update is actually working! So happy!
It is good app but its speed of search was very low
it's good till it got slow
download now:-)
Nice
Thats great app but have some problems like it needs update very soon
Latest upgrade made it a joke. Always hanging and slow to load videos
Junior

poor
Nice
This taking extra time in installing with highast net so i hat it
Verry good
Loved it and ease to use
Amazing
Rubbish
Recent update can't tag people name that aren't your friend on comments section..
Great
The best
Facebook has stopped working.    What is this!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Cant even do anything after updating
this app is vry nice dear all dwnload this app right now

Awesome social network. ..
Its a very stuckng aap i give it 1 star fix this
Nice app
It JUST DOES NOT DOWNLOAD. No way I can like it if I can't install it no? What's error 662?
push notifications cand o sa avem Si noi asa ceva :)
Since last update I'm not able to c dp's of my Frnds !!! Plz fix!!!! Then I'll give 5star =)
Vry gud
why did facebook always show "unfortunately facebook has stopped" on asus z5?? how to resolve the problem?
its good be her in apps.
I can't check my notifications anymore
786786
the best
Superb app.
And now we can't even see our messages without downloading and separate app? It's like you're going backwards.
Nice
There is no sort option on the news feed..! Add that...!
I love this app but lately I'm having a hard time accessing it.  Either it won't open or it freezes up when it does.  Please fix.  Thanks.
Wow it is a app
Facebook
A very good update!,deserve's 5 stars,but one thing missing is the Reply option on the commenting bar,When ever i have to reply back to a comment i have to go to the browser and then reply it,you should fix that for now 4 stars just because of that problem!
Accurate as desired
Download fast pls..
Niceee
latest update keeps crashing would give zero stars if possible
I cannot share the posts on the msg box like I used to in iphone
NYC
Its always crashes
I like it
good job
It is not downloading it and i have lots of space on my phone buti t said invalid URI
:-)
Gud but reduce the size
Nice
Photo upload
I missed the old facebook
Good
Cuteee
Very good
Flawless.
Alway stop.pls fix it.
All of a sudden my contacts are gone and it won't sync.
I jux lub dix app..
Hari2 bukak fb tu kira ok laaaa..hahaha
What happen to fb now? -_-
Good app
So Nice So Amazing
Cool
I like the app
Very good
This app sucks!  I was able to watch videos for about five minutes and then it stopped allowing it.  It's so frustrating! I want to watch videos from my Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro and I am unable to with this app! Please fix!!!
Thanks again
Awesome app
awesome

Good
My favorate aapplication.         Nadaf Rafik
Dont
Good
My magic life
Its good app, not very gl itchy & an easy way to connect, but come on FB stop screwing with the picture quality and moving all the crap around!
Supratra Yamkom
what happen to FB? I can't view my FB account. even after I uninstall n installed it twice.  still i cannot open it. Pls. do something.  I do business via FB.
Very slow response!!
Fb got insane....NOT WORKING FOR MOTO E
My favourite
Never lets you log in then drops everything. Shuts your phone down...off. then go back and wait for an hour so slow..takes even longer on weekends. Its really bad.
Good application
I like it...senang la sikit....rugi korang x guna.... :)
loved it
Very improved
so great
Oddddddd
Time pass
Nice db
Download it..Install it...and get addicted to it..!!
Working too slow and large size
Very very very  good
Keep up the good work
So cool app
Gud improvement.....
Very nice apps for every phone.
Garbage software.
Nice
Good
this bulshit not working
everytime I uploaded videos, it tells me the I infringed copyright. my picture using background music makes it illegal??? useless app!!!
Works great with huawei
Suckzs
I ilke
Much better
Good 1
It consumes high ram n phone memory as well
Bbbbb...
For an older version? Lol. What is that survey anyway? It seems like dangerous ground to me to mess with peoples moods, esp for health reasons. I hope you were not making folks mad on purpose, that would be shameful.
this is good application,, liked  it ...
app crashes whenever i try to watch a video on it. I cant even copy text from any post.please do something for it
After update the latest fb, I can't log in my fb... but fix the bug
Ok
Nice social side
Love it!!!!!
Ok
.. i like it
Yasmine

Need some recent help. Yall need yo fix that ADAP
Kew
I like
everytime I comment it says 1 hour ago, and when im mailing it says 1 hour ago, really? Fb is more like downgrading
Please add a feature which displays all the media youve shared with friends since the friendship started. Otherwise a great app. :)
Because is say there are problem you need to uninstall
Great
Wow
Contacting 2 frnds n relatives is a grt way
Improved
Satisfied.......
Suprb app
I hate this app!
Now with the new update I can't share photos from my phone!!!! Only fb camera roll.. PLEASE FIX THIS ASAP :'(
I feel good
Haard
Like this
piang na sunge pa.
Great app would give 10 stars if I could
This app is just awesome"!
Now
Mast h
Very very super for face book apps its quality for piture nice the apps
Free and useful social app. I wish, this app can play Facebook games. Incredible experience.
Like it
Not bad
Nice
Good
Electrician
Excellent
Not bad
Sorry, an unknown error always happening.. Please fix then 5 stars I will give
Ok good
Drain ram, 188mb please repaire,   pleaseee updateee admin
Google
ÀÏÊÇÉÁÍË

Gud job .nice app
Good
:)
I cant download img from inbox
Why this application won't work in asus zenfone 6? Please repair it..please...
Great apps...
Can't even scroll down because then it closes.Pleas fix this error.
Is not downloading always errors
installing update problem
Keep up the good work
Daya
Good
Ok good
SuperB
News feed is totally out of order.  It shows posts from 4 and 5 days ago. Cant select "most recent" to orgamize bews feed. Fix it!
This latest version runs smoothly now on my android tablet, thank you for having fixed facebook app
TRUTH BEAUTY AND GOODNESS
Excellent
Very nice for death
All the time "facebook isn't responding" i hate it!!!! Tried to uninstall and install again but no changes!!!!

Application is very slow
Works well with my phone, easy to use.
Nice
Please stop updating... the updates always make the app WORSE..
What happen to fb? I keep reinstall the apps but still can't open it... please fix it...
This app.... Sucks
Team,  please introduce stop notifications in mobile version if we do comment on other's post. It's really annoying that user couldn't be able to do that. Always, we would want to go for the web version to do that.
very poor approach from facebook..yuk..

I logged out and i can't log in back. It keeps saying to check my internet connection when i'm connected. Pls fix
Its a nice apps ever!
I like it
Facebook app was working great untill I did an update on it. Now when I try to share something or like something it says waiting for update????? What happened fb??
Superb
PHOTOS TAKE TIME TO UPLOAD
Kamran khan
Pop up advertisement
Significant improvement in the UI.
At least it works on my Phone :)
I cant really give a rating because i guess the program uses too much memory. I have a Droid X and its just too slow to run the program. Interface looks nice but i would never be able to use the app. Ive been a Facebook fan a long time and im sure that their app is great but i cant say ive experienced it yet.
Don't want messager on my phone its crap leave it as it was not happy
Why the need to read and delete my text message?!?! Stupid update.
O k
Good app
Good
MO.SHABAN
I loveit
Messed up news feed
Awesome
Is Good

Shwayi Bolto
Very poor bad performance
great social app

Nic
But need to fixe the messaging i always have to sign in when i do messaging
I kenaqur. Ok!
Excellent
Why facebook appeat lot of ram as well as the messenger? It makes phone lag? Can you fix that issue?
Hate this app
Facebook on Android is now worthless.  can't sort news feed by most recent by default and even worse, images won't load.
I like this app its sooo good appp
Nice
It is a type of ¡°drug" addiction . Say FB addiction . Hard to get rid of it . ( Yet I did it )
Love it !!
Too goooood
Awshom
awesome
I love it
Most of the time it just shut automatically and messager too and with those crash it occupy a unreasonable space of 70mb
Much improved app
Nice
Very good apps for caiting
For months now from time to time it stops loading news feed (4G or Wifi no difference). I can't post comments or like posts reliably.  For Christ sake fix it la!!!
I love the mobile app
Why the hell can't I get the new update
Its useless not working at ny noir
Vah
This fb is very nice plz dont wrong use of this app
Nice
I love Facebook
Facebook is unable to upload any pictures from my LG L34C. Only deserves a 3 star
Exellant
I cud giv nly 3
I cant save my photos anymore its says "error saving on this device" pls. Fix it.now im gonna reinstall it again
I love you
Nice one
Facebook
Min
Mantap !!!

Kindly add a shortcut where we can unfollow anyone from our friends list...
I love it the facebook it is so favorite the games..lol'z jokez!!
More better..how to connected with my BlackBerry messengers I'd...please give me resolve..
App is almost unusable now. Crashes constantly. Soooooo slow. This is pathetic Facebook, give us a lightweight app.
Slow in page loads
Nice update but pls add the button of sorting pls really need it
Nice to use fb ...................
The app's functionality has definitely increased since I last reviewed it. I no longer have issues with freezing or failed posts.
Bubble Witch saga
Now it's ok
Luv it
Overall decent app
No more top stories. Most recent fast plz .

I need my facebook .back on
It's really good apps
I m using macro ax canvas and this application is not responding proper like forcelly closed and not responding .
amazing app .all new updat make it winderful
Very good
fun cool nd free to tlk to ur friends
Best brouser Ok
Awesome
Sooogooood
I lu
Gk
Olive this app so much.
i love it
Sala kise kam ka nahi hai marne do
It Took Forever even install
God love me tooo mush
But make much more fast
Superb
Since the last update... when I get an email notification and click on View Comment it goes to News Feed. I have to search for the comment.  This works right on my computer.  And, it used to work right on my phone. Another thing that has always peeved me is that posts are not in date order.  I'm glad my email doesn't have this problem.
Greatest app in the world
Very good. Ekdam jhakas h.
i like facebook,i loved it
Great for everyone
3rd class.....
Its definitely gotten better.
There should be a copy past feature
Force closes and comes network erore and can't upload photos
Last update sucks!
It was working fine earlier. Now all of a sudden it doesn't work at all. Nothing will load.
Does pretty well

facebook ok.
Poor
nice app....keep it up
Fn
Mdu
I love the new update; everything is running smooth and fast. The UI looks much better now! HTC EVO 4G.
U
I hate this
And great find old friends and family
Very good
gdu
man its a life line
Would be good to have a block game option on android phones as there needs to be one
Awesome app i can talk with my frnds and send them pictures and videos
Is this the update or the downgrade? I prefer the old interface. Please bring it back!
Favorite apps
Osm
attt software ae
Know I can't log in what the heck
Good very good
Borring App
For playback Vimeo video, please make FB to choose Vimeo application (if exists on device) instead of watching in browser (eat lots of memory on 512MB devices).
Cool
I love it
hi apa kabar
i like it but when it update i hate this app because it always show old stories and when i play vadio its show error occure
Media
Radha
is very important app to chat friends relations to all.I like this application..
Ok
Nice app. But it will not move to SD card .
wkd
Good
Can't switch from mobile to post as page
Nice tom
It's cool :)
Ok
Fantastic social media
Latest update is so bad ..take long time to load and app is so slow
Very slow..
Nice app
It's just ok
l
Dudes since I updated this it wont work anymore
god

Facebook
This is it
Subashpandi
vry nic working
Plz don't remember history
Hnicee
This app is battery eating. Monster....
Superrrrrrrrrr
Nothing loads property 90% of the time. Please fix.
Popo bad this is very badpuuuu
Love
Like
It's a way of contacting family and friends who can't be bothered to contact you because THEY ew get SO bored. Frustrated. Wound up as they would rather be playing !!  FARM hero swipe out nuts pop DOWN
Its speed is slow.why?
Nice app
Apa-apa jelah
Astig
So slow. No improvements afterall.
Fuck off
Very slow
Excellent
Can no longer follow my news feed to fb postings, takes me to the top of the feed instead. So if I see something interesting I have to go searching for it once the app opens. All the rest of my feeds work so definitely this app. Clicking in the app to read more on a post randomly takes you to comments instead. They really messed this one up. PS. So fed up of seeing the "related content" . If I wanted it on my feed I'd "like" it! In it's current state, this app is irrelevant.
FB is great. No bad comments here.  Samsung Galaxy Note 3 (9005 model)
Its cool
Its a nice app to chat with your friends for video calling also for getting likes and comments from friends
Just freaKkkkkkkkky app
So slow
Lets u chat with friend s
Best Work in 3G But Good App loving it
Since the ui was changed it has becomed worst.
Nice the best way to rich your loveones
Love it
Good
FacebookFacebookFacebook
Can't load profile. Can't see my profile or anybody's. It will close app.
:-)
Good
Fin
Wont let me go on it cos iv not got enough memory.. Sort it.
At the momemt I can't watch any facebook video beyond 15 seconds as it crashes and says, "unknown error". Im using a xperia z2 and never had this problem on my old xperia u. Clearing cache and app data does nothing to resolve the issue. Its becoming a nuisance now!!!
Every single video I try watch on fb after 30 seconds into it a message pops up saying cannot play video?!? Sort it out guys, is rather frustrating!!!!
Ali
It is fast to use
Hate this new fb
Not bad
When i click on unfollow option on anyones profile...it says "sorry please try later"...this really is a big problem.... Plz fix this and i will give u five stars...
Positive
Kumari
Iam fond of Facebook
Facebook
I hv been seeing ppl putting sm watsap emoticons here...y does my fon not suport dese...i mean y cnt I put them up...plzz fix it...make dem available fr all fons...only I fon users can put dem??
It always so the old msg as in read
E
Still can't set most recent as the default news feed - Crap. Back to the old version that we could...
nice but just a little erruption
Awesome
When launch, error message "unfortunately, Facebook has stopped" fix this please. Asus zenfone user.
All updates are awesome.I'm addicted to it
Exellent
Good
Walaupun versi lama masih bisa chat temen temen, ngeupload foto, dan ngeupdate status masih bisa di pakai. Its very good to me
I like it
Velika nula za app
It started crashimg, and because of it some of my other apps started crashing too
Its a very stuckng aap i give it 1 star
It makes good friends
Needs a lot of improvement
Perfect
Very bad app
Great app.
so nice
Thanxs fb
Good
Not more better app than this
Why there is no option that let us copy updated status of our friends like in desktop version!!!????
ok
I can't seem to watch videos posted. After 20 secs I get an error message.  I'm using a z2.
This is very great app
baskug kg nami nami gd. .heheh
Work faster than ever
Touches frds who r far away...
<3 :)
Good but need more better
Lovely
This facebook is aswome
It force closes at times n is very laggin at times... Its better to take fb from another browser.
Simply great App
Good
slow loading
My offline comments dont remove after i get online...wifi etc...i have to restart s4 galaxy...plz fix it...ty
Finally I got the new u.i.         :) It's excellent.  Awesome.  Soooooo good.
AWESOME!!!
Nice
Its nice
Good
App is freezing and no re loading my timeline is stuck in the same spot for hours
D dz sexts deer 3 serf dear Erse reserve e
Because,facebook is the very nicely medium of conect many many friends.
Seriously? Whom have you hired to update this app? Don't hire ppl just dor thw sake of recruitment. This app is becoming worser day by day. Till then I ve uninstalled it and accessing it from my browser. Really pathetic
the best app in the play store.....

Nice
mehh
It's very fast,rapid and quick from the point of view of social networking
I've found many long lost friends and relatives through this app.,i'm so happy and greatful and very very thankful.
Love it..... Keep making more update for Facebook..... :-)
In my note 3 the news feeds will not refresh.  I have to resort to using the mobile Web site.
I don't see any problem with the new update :) some people just don't like change
Fb
This app has its flaws here and there, but it is improving very well. I enjoy this app and rarely have any problems. The only problem is that sometimes when I try to delete a comment it won't. But that is the only flaw. It works very well on my phone. Thank you!
Amazing
is soooooo bad
i like this app
When i log in facebook wanna check news feed just after 5 seconds its auttomaticaly closed.... Its irretate me... Please do something for it. Thanks
Kluang aandavan
Nice app
Flexible one for Facebook
Great just the notification & messages appears late
very cool
Nathawat
Wow
It keeps freezing ... won't let me see all my notifications ... it was doing great until the upgrade... & now it's left wide open for anyone to see ... I have it set for friends only
This version is good
Good update, now working fine.
Boring
Rose
unfortunately, facebook has been stopped... :-(
Better
Good excellent because i can talk with beintehaa members
I haved alot of pic, when I upload pic with FB existing galery, its to hard find old pic, .. why I must scroll over to find old pic, I haved hundred of pic, and I lost my time to scroll it for long time.. I thing this feature is get a little anoying ... could u are fix it DEV ? .. maybe u can add feature upload pic with optional gallery .. ;) tanx b4
Zameer
Nice
Awsm app
too much space required!!!
there is sometime problem of sending pics to friends throw chatbox plz fix this bug as soon as possible
Can't update Facebook due to an error (923).. Please fix this..
My news feed doesn't load half the time. I'll open the app and it can take up to 5 minutes before anything shows up, and pictures and videos regularly won't load.
Lalji patel
Folks, hate to tell you this, but FAILBOOK has decided to REMOVE the autoplay video settings from this latest version of the app! They now seem to be ON by default. Reverting to old version.
Very poor system-user interface. I am unable to send smilies,photos or emojis,only thing i can message is text.Copying text is also not allowed.
Takes hell lot of time to update.
notification keep crashin
The app
Worst app
No need for upgrading
Doesn't have push notifications... May work once every blue moon... Iphones app is so much better!!!
Many update..are you never finish the job!?!?!?
Sarbari Sarkar
Mm..
Very good
Font size is too small on tablets
Very good app to contact people
My best social network
The best social network.
Love this app.

Nice
Galaxy core
Super
Mukram ahmed
Awsome
M b   M b
M
Good
Lanjutkan tp kok sulit bgt ya buat install ulangnya hmmmmm
Its too slow 2 load
Superb to rock
Good
Every time i hit Like button on a picture or post and even when I post comments it always undo it so I need to do it again and it still undo it after 1-2 tries. Pretty ridiculous
Best
Awesome
Nice app
Huge data consumption
Take more space in Mobile
Best best
love it
Love it !!
update is almost always. small time Facebook  will turn to only face if u don't update.. the book will be taking away... mb is not easy to come by...
Nice
Having issues with it freezing an with logging on 5 stars will come when its fixed
It should work properly in all phone. By d way it is best
You are the best
Loves it.
Incredible app
Nice
Won't refresh notification.  Videos don't play. Change it back..!
facebook
Awesome
Without "most recent posts" option on home page, this app is meaningless. 1 star until it's changed. Listen to your users, everyone wants this feature back!!!
Nice App
Newsfeed is slow to load and facebook stops working completely having to close and open app to get it working. What ever updates were done fix it asap!
this is the best app :-)
Once uninstalled, couldn't reinstall it. Glitch galore!
Stop playing experiments on us and fix the bugs especially turn notifications off. Thanks
I can chat I can do whatever I want to good man
This is very good aap it's save your every movement do u like very much.
Facebook
COMMUNity
After last update nearby friends when pressed shuts Facebook down.  When I was using beta version left beta version and still shuts down as of 07052014 still happening
Hii
please make it easier to load this app and low memory every time i open this app my phone gets notify me lowstorage please fix it
gagandeep
You can meet a lot of people
Gud
Not so good opera mini is better than it
Good
Google
T0
Like it
Good
So far so good no problems 
The new design opens the notification quickly as well as photos. quite fast. Well now i can give 5 stars.
Fix the f..... app stop f....... with Facebook how hard is it to leave it
Kumar
No need to say that its cool. ..social side.
Liked it
This app was sweet!! Until having to update it now it keeps cutting out??!! Please fix, really like this app!!!!
Bat tagal ma install . Grrr :'(
Senior project management
What the f***  the app is not showing the pic i want to upload
I love this download
App works great but we need an option to make most recent the default. I hate the top stories as it constantly reverts to stuff I read 2 to 3 days ago. I want to read posts in order from top to bottom..... Not sure why you force this top stories crap on us. Seems most people feel the same.
good


Ots wonderfull app
Grrrr
Fb is very interesting.
Best SNS app!!
Uhhhh I love Facebook
Always says "unfortunately facebook has stopped" .. In my Asus tablet :(
Sexy app
V gud
niceee im so happyyy
Unable to move to sd card(in ics)occupaid more space in RAM.
Laggy But Its ok !
Plz undo to the previous update.. After this update fb freezes alwz and nothing loads..
Crashed while uploading video

Hire you can get any proposed in the way of finding friends or people's you missed for long
What happend...oohh
Sunilshah
Besttttt....
Good
My app. was throwing errors so I uninstalled and tried to install again but I keep getting error messages saying that  installation failed.
Excellent application
Well its taken about 5 years but I think the app is almost working properly now, apart from the "The Turn off notifications" button on a persons status you've commented on....
Love it!!
Why i cannot download video now??  Dan lagi satu.. makin kita update semakin jahanam jadinya..
This app should take less storage and memory usage
Meh
Find old friends & love one
I use an old Android phone for Facebook.  I only put pictures that I want on Facebook on that phone.  - Facebook now pre reads all your picture folders.  Before, you have the option to choose which folder to allow it to read and upload.   Can someone please verify? Some of us are uncomfortable for an app to freely read all your private pictures on your mobile device.
Not working after update. Plz fix
Really love this site
Does not show all posts from the people who I follow. Shows them in weird order. Complete garbage.
FB needs access to your camera and mic, able to place calls and other privacy violations why?!?! Deleting my fb now. Rate -4 stars
You can and the recent post and everything you want . The only difference betwen the new and old version is the look
But it gets stuck
The Best Communication App Ever
Love
Sike cutta you and your app
Seemed to have more options .. and speed
Nothing to say. It's great app. I give u 5*
U can easily talk to ur frnd without any chrge of rupees just u have to use ur netpack
It is good but sometimes app are not working
Very gud
It won't let me read my messages! Even with messenger installed, it still won't let me read my messages and it kicks me off every time I try! Get your crap together, Facebook!
Thank You Mark Zuckerberg
When I go onto Facebook, I look at my News Feed like I always do. But after 2-3 minutes it auto closes without saying anything. In phones, It is usually say that "Not Responding" and the options are "Wait" and "Close". But no, It doesn't do that. It really force closes, Literally it crashes. Fix this or people will rate your application, 5 down to 2 or even 1, Like me. Do your best to fix this.
I love the app but it annoys me coz everytime I try to login it just takes too long to load that's why I'm giving it 4stars
Vry bad
Dres
Like some
It's so heavy!!!! My phone is constantly saying me that the internal memory is low and it only happens when i open facebook! I'm tired of clear the data size just because the app is heavy!!
I like facebook
Viralchauhan
Not sure why FB keeps crashing my Samsung S4 Mini.
nice
And it occupies too much RAM as well.
Like this
I just updated the app and now its not showing all the videos and some pics, app is very slow now, plz fix this or I should use facebook on my browser.
Amazing
Superb & excellent
You guys leave us no choice but to accept that this app has extensive permissions into my filesystem, contact lists and etc... According to my system settings - a huge majority of these permissions never even get used, so why are they there!?
Well Performance.
Plz make transparent status bar for KitKat if possible, thanks :)
Southsokin
BetTer in nOkia than anroid . Always hang .
Good view
Very low class...
Thank you very much.
Every body love it
That's me n my loved 1
Awesome
Hai
very nice
I like
Its very attractive app :)
Nice
Good
App..nt bad Bt very slow
I love it
Nice
So cool xD
This is very good especially with the new update
Zo
Sabi mughal
Bad version
If i have any choice then i never use this facebook app.all other buges are acceptable but one thing thst i can't bear is i am unable to download a video.plz fix it
Its alright could be better, but huge improvement!
Super

Give 5 if I m able to copy text
Love my FB what else is better?  This family and family is my social network,  now twitter is my business networking! I would give facebook more credit if my news feed would update like it is supposed too nor do some of my notifications not come up until a day late dollar short type issue.. Please fix facebook!  Everything is always behind a day, I can't catch up on anything the same day except at night.. Late.  Am I supposed to post constantly??  I don't have time to, I'm a developer, marketing and promote! I am a totally self made business that made my own clone up over night, so I would love to see some improvement from facebook update please!  Didn't he create facebook himself if I do believe so!  So please UPDATE!
Great
It keep telling me things will post, After I update.but it does not need a update.They need to fix this, It really sucks.
Updated version is too good......it is not makin freeze my mob. Now......
Love it
Its a very good app we can chat with others and send photos and post videos i realy love it
Good
Good
Can't download on my phone.. why?
That's very good app
Sucks since update. Constant errors.
Excellent
Gj
Love it
Definitely like the new layout!! So far so good.
You ought to rename to crapola Inc...  Every update makes this app larger resource hog and the functionality added... Is either bungled up or largely useless
I love to play day and night
Interesting
It's really ridiculous that how a web pioneer like FACEBOOK is helpless with an app. So many frequent updates and the major problems still in their roots. Wht the app size is too big? The space covered by the app is exceeding 70 MB on my phone, RAM. takes about 40-60 Most of the times,, don't the Dev thinks it's too large for a social app. There should be a effective data compression methods, effective cache cleaning, minimum background runs. Users would luv to see a fast but fine app in their hands.
Pls fix it
As the subject states, can't change custom visibility of posts. Will give it more stars when this is changed.
Superb
Wonderful
I'm just gonna uninstall this until you get your sh** together. Everything I post doesn't get seen by anyone! The only posts I see are all day old bullsh**. Fix it!
I am so sick of this app updating every day. Is that really necessary?
Can't share video to other applications
Change the ui
Its superb
Jai ho
I love LIKES
It works very slow than any browser. It shouldn't b so.
Nice
R
Badia khant a
When I install the app it just says plz uninstall and reinstall
Awesome for a hurry to post something fast
Great
Sri Krishna
I can text my freinds
Awesome
Very gud.....
OMG grt apps......   !!!!!
Meet your fren n relatives
Can't save photos, can't view videos, error in loading news feed... total mess up FB... want to rate zero star...
Nice
Boy
Nic app
Best app
Means of expair sesion
so good
Think great to be great.
News feed is slow .always shows news from the day before
Nice
I WOULD NOW LIKE TO KNOW WHY NOTHING HAS BEEN DONE ABOUT THESE DIFFICULTIES WE'RE HAVING,  OR EVEN ANY EXPLANATION OR ACKNOWLEDGMENT OR APOLOGIES XXXX.                       Why has FB changed? It is slow to update if it does at all...have to click most recent every time...it returns to the top of the page after I've read something... And why oh why do you need to know who all my phone contacts are?  Not good.
Cool.!
Your default video player always stops. Pls fix.
After a long waiting facebook is better. Thanks for fixing the problems. Well done
I very excited to try this android Facebook
Pasunda
Slow but worth the patients
Better
In social media fb is best
Not just the background bs but I hate these type of things that we all have to have ... but here I am using it
Awesome

excilent
Just okay
this app is the only thing that consumes the most memory space in my phone
So far its getting better....
So more helpful for soisity
Won't even let me open the app at all!!!!
Very nice
Doing well
It's slow and always takes long to come online,I have no idea if you ppl own phones and cannot see this on your own!
Khan
Facebook
Need too much GB to dowoad it , hope can decrease the GB of it.
I
Not bad 
Quick easy to use app
Quit playing mind games with your users!
Update is simply superb.
nice
Missing posts
Why does a build from 6/21 keep uploading every day...over and over?
Good
I would like to see everyone's posts if I want to avoid seeing certain things I would simply add to restricted or even unfriend/unfollow
