961error. What kind of error is this?
qqwetxzv cc add ddz

You suck fb go die in a hole somewhere.
Odara lopolopo I love it so much..
Love it
It is the best app ever
keeps force closing after scrolling for a bit!!! get your crap straight!!!
Nice. But I can't download it. It always says unknown code error.. -.-
Will not be downloading a second app for messenger when it works perfectly fine the way it is. A lot of people do not need a faster way to use messenger as it's not their number one way of communicating with friends. Silly move Facebook, I won't be wasting storage space on my phone by downloading the new messenger app.
Every app works on my phone except for Facebook these last couple of days. It freezes and doesn't load. The messenger as well.
love it
New  one
Why am i forced to install another app when it can be used perfectly in fb?
Use it often
Very smart, informative and excellent service.
The New Facebook App is Evan More Complicated To Use Than the last Facebook used to be fun to use now I have to havve messenger wich takes up alot of memory space and data. Facebook has downgraded
I think it's great!
Gayyyyy
Why do we have to give them access to so much of our private information? Also, why in the world do I HAVE to install a second app to receive my messages!
The new layout hasn't fixed anything, but I do enjoy it. Sometimes when I save a picture it crashes.
Awesome
Terbaik
Me
This app is awesome
U live on fb, u share photos n talk to fam!!!!
Idk
So hard to set up my facebook acct on my new cell.
Ok.
one hello
Very nice
Derekboehnkefacebook
How do i know how many friends i have?
It takes forever to load like tf update please, cant see images at all nd it also takes to much space
Nice
Butts
Add photo commenting
love it
Too much space & I can't save things like pictures or videos on newsfeed
Deleted Facebook app today because they are forcing me to install their messaging app to see messages.  I already have too many messaging apps on my phone.
It takes up 2 much space
Works as advertised.
Hihi
Really sucky whenever I log out on my HTC &log back in the old version comes back why keep reminding me to update if this is going to keep happening I done updating my fb to much of a hassle  does it still show posts from hours ago as if were current 
I'll say about a three BC they talk to much stuff
Has been much improved in the past year.
Facebook
I am used to the old fb where it was simple and eaayto chat with people on MobileMe and now its making me download the messenger....maybe I didnt want that facebook I downloaded it and saw the little bubble it keeps on my phone and thats really annoying..you should have it as a choice to download it not force us to..its horrible now ...please put it back to normal.
Love it
it wont let me sign into facebook. it will let me type in my email but not my password.
Great app
Why you are moving all messages from Facebook app? Why we have to install messenger app for it? We have to use two apps simultaniously which is not handy like before.
I use Facebook frequently to keep in contact with family, but I can't open next because I have to force close.
Aufh
Horrible.  All it has done in the last week is freeze
It is OK
When i use messenger no chat heads pop up.please fix the bugs. i cannot chat anymore to my friends
This app is awesome
When posting commentary under PC Facebook, it is possible for people to comment on your commentary.  However, using the smartphone app, the parent/child comment relationship is flattened.  Would be good to update the app
I seriously have to take up more space on my phone just to send a message? I don't have a computer so I only use my phone for Facebook. I'm not downloading your stupid app. I could care less about slefies and videos for messenger. It's a dumb idea. We now have to have a whole separate app just to send a message. Nice job guys.
THIS IS A GREAT APP BUT ON MY ANDROID IT SOMETIMES LOGS OUT FOR ITSELF AND WHEN I TRY TO LOG BACK IN IT SAYS WRONG PASSWORD AND WHEN I TRY IT ON MY PC IT WORKS SO I KNOW MY PASSWORD IS CORRECT BUT IT STILL SAYS PASSWORD INCORRECT PLEASE HELP
Why are the notifications late? Even if the post is done last night, the status is 'just now'???
I say hate because it miss up and I have to wait on it
It keeps on force closing whenever I do anything with the new update. It's really annoying, so please fix. **Just lowered stars because it's REALLY annoying now**
Nice
I love meeting Ppl all over the world their awesome ppl
Good app!
Jena
I no longer have a list of friends' birthdays under events anymore. Is it because I didn't download the messenger app?
Would be great if it would stop crashing and shutting down all the time.
This aplication is good
Nice app
Good
Too slow 
Not as good as a computer version, however this app allows basic Facebook needs.
Boompanes..
Haybe
The newest version does not allow you to read your messages. You are forced to use the separate Messenger app which is horrible. Avoid upgrading and you'll be fine.
V good
Fantastic
Awesome
Good
Very good  awesome
Better than the six-O- clock news!
Wow everything is loading. .....I'm still not downloading the messenger app.....
Keep messenger on this app! Messenger is too much memory! So stupid! No one likes messenger!
Facebook it a really good app
Very past
So now you think you can FORCE ME to get another one of your apps JUST so I can  get my messages?! I don't think so, Tim. You are the WORST on the planet when it comes to private tracking. Exactly how many ways must you have to track us? You're TOO GREEDY, FACEBOOK. I told you in feedback that I would uninstall. How's this for keeping my word? Bad customer  service. SHAME ON YOU.
Thank you I enjoy Facebook AND THE FRIENDS IV Found  i HAVENT SPOKE to in years
Will not stay on. Launcher stops all the time. Fb stops all the time. Called several times, reset. Open and close it. Still won't work. Post one time, shuts off. Needs to be fixed.
Awesome app the best app. One problem you have to download messenger just to see when people text you. So for now all you get is 3 stars
Why do i have to use another app for messaging it already takes too much space and with the massenger app it takes more space.so please remove the idea where you have to have massenger for messaging!!!!!!!
Nice
Ever since this last update I have grown to despise the Facebook app. I find it much easier to access Facebook through my browser now.
I constantly tell them I got hacked and they do nothing
Excellent
Wow ilove it :)
Goood
You go talk to your family
Won't load.. I'm in country via satellite technology .. Not god @ its best & quite $$$
It's very good application :-P
The videos play automatilly I dont like it at all why?? Cause all my data goes away
Easy use, thanks
I can't even open it now! !! Wtf
Thanks for improving the application
Is MySpace still around?
Just leave the messages in the same app!
Tacos are amazing
Nice but log on my cellphone 3210 nokia
Is the best social network
It's wonderful
I can't live without it.
Obviously not a "bad" app for social media however this mobile app keeps freezing up and remains that way even after force closing and/or rebooting phone. This has been happening on and off for weeks now.  !!Annoying!!
Vgood
i am up to date & still can't unfollow posts, its very annoying getting notifications &  not being able to stop them after you're done talking..
What happened!? This used to be a great app that didn't take up too much space. Now I can't even download it. It also says package invalid...
O3
Hate the app 1 it never refreses on.my tablet so i have to.uninstall and reinstall constanly shows friends activaty 5 days ago 2 facebook messanger is just annoying have to come out of facebook and enyer another app just to chat sort it out facebook
Like
Too much space, have to download messenger to see messages, way too slow!
Not good i hate the messenger grrr
idiot idea for seprate app that crashes my phone forceing me to restart phone im not updateing or reinstalling message app 1 star.
-_-  ;-(  app keeps foreclosing moving slow shutting down FIX THIS!!
31/7 Worst app ever......always logging me out....i would give no stars if i cud!!!! 23/7/14...What is wrong with FB..keeps moving me from my viewing with the f****ng feed page...FIX IT....¡ñ                          The new look is CRAP...25/6 Uninstalled yet again. keeps saying FB has stopped!! omg what a fu...in farce. Also is Anyone else having this problem??...started doing it 9th June, after update. Click the "photos' box, the screen orientation changes from panoramic to portrait so I have to turn tablet round to choose a photo to look at...I have uninstalled...no difference. Very inconvenient so 1 star only. Also dont like the new way to post comments.. page too big and empty.....much prefferred the small box to post in.
Si aad u is ticmaa shaaan
So many updates... do you really know what you are doing? Do it right for once instead of fixing every other day. And now meesenger as another app? Most recents gone just top stories? You are getting worst each time. Uninstalling and using browser again. You guys sucks
Liked it before now it won't load
All the videos make it slow. You should have a choice to see them or not!!!
Takes to much space . Disliked it .
The new update where Facebook tries to load videos as you are trying to scroll is really annoying because it stops me from scrolling just to watch a video I don't even want to watch fix that bug
If I had a chance to give this app 1 thru 5 negative stars I would give 5 negative star scant send any messages on messages.please fix I will rate 6 stars please....update...app fixed thank you
I like it..
Ban
Have flip display on samsung galaxy mini and can't working..
When watching a video threw Facebook it plays then crashs wtf not happy with this update fix it
I dont like that im forced to download separate app just to read my messages.. my step kids borrow my phone and dont want them in my business kids r always curious to explor not so private & takes up unnecessary space
I could chat with people
Slow loading htc desire s
this app is perfect chat with your  friends frim all over the world thank you.
I have the att galaxy s 5 and everything is up to date and I CAN NOT get, see or view any messages if fb messenger app is download then it work fine
Can't load pictures! What's the point in that? Please fix and update!
Application crush before it starts after my last update. Now another app for messenger..
work hard
Takes up to much space and"unfortunately stops" message appears almost 90% of the time i try to use Facebook. I don't know if it's my phones service or the app, but is annoying!!!
nice
Sax
Best app ever
Love
HANIF
Nice
I don't like the idea that I have to have messenger its so bad ..if it didn't work again I will install
Has anyone ever tried this.  Go into the app and make a comment on an posting but dont send. Turn off your internet connection. Now go back into facebook app and send message. It will show no connection. Now turn your internet conmection on and go back into the app.  Your comment is whiped..you have to start anew.  Now imagine losing your internet connection (wasnt turned off purposely) and that happens >:/    FIX THIS ALREADY. THIS HAS BEEN HAPPENING.TOO LONG.
Cool
I can't even watch videos this update sucks
And back again.
One of the best facebook on mobile phone love it...
Great
Wer
I have given it five stars before, but now reduced to two. The app is getting on my nerves, keep crashing all the time. Do something or I will uninstall it.
Doesn't work half the time and the chat doesn't let you receive messages back very well. Please fix!
It's annoying that i have to go thru the menus to view my newsfeed in "most recent" order. It's pure stupidity that the "most recent" newsfeed is showing more and more old posts in random order. Why cant i choose how i want to read Facebook.
Why I can't update my status through text messages??? Please fix this
Funnnnnnnnnnnnn
Sloooooow, so very unhelpful to use, i want my wall in 'most recent by default, not bacefook' s deeply flawed 'top stories' (which actually means they can give advertising priority over your friends)... use friendcaster instead, it is immeasurably better and doesn't prostitute me.....
you should get it
This is now Un installed. Forcing me to download messenger. I tried it before it sucked.
I have no problems with this app what so ever. Maybe the people having trouble with it need to get a better phone or a bigger sd card.. keep up the great work .. definitely 5 stars
but getting better.
Please!!!
Crapppppppp get me out of here the guy who designed facdbook is a fagggort & i protest against isreal..
Worst after update
Are you ever going to listen to xperia users or just continue to ignore us. Video playback isn't working. It's sporadic and frustrating and it's a long term ongoing issue that needs addressing. Should be embarrassed by the lack of customer support.
i love it soo much
This app is not good at all ..please change it
I LOVE THIS APP!!!
But I still love its new look
Fantastic
Nice update...
Verry good
Please include log out option in Facebook messenger
Really rocks
Greart
Try to open the app and it just closes and says "Facebook not responding". Can't use it at all. I HAVE A BUSINESS I'M TRYING TO RUN AND I CAN'T OPEN THE FREAKING APP. FIX THIS IT I WON'T BE USING FACEBOOK AT ALL. The same thing is happening with Pages Manager app. FIX IT. It's been a MONTH without working now.
I can stay in touch with friends!
Miss the old version.  New one sucks.  Dont even deserves one star
No setting to default to "most recent" on my newsfeed and not picking up tags takes this app from a 5 to a 1. Going back to the web version until these options return. NOW THIS STUPID SECOND APP JUST TO READ MY MESSAGES? UGH!
Always changes. Never for the better now can't even message in app forced to download a different app just to message
I'm aware that the Rezound is a relatively older phone. However, I can't play videos that show up on ny news feed anymore. I know it is just the facebook app or possibly just the newest update because I can view YouTube and other videos on the web, abs I could watch videos when I uninstalled the updates. Please fix this. I'd like to have normal use of facebook app despite having an older phone model.
Thanks for fixing this! I don't see all of the posts from the pages I have subscribed to, and when I go to their page, it is a two step process to see them.  I will continue to rate this app as 1 star until this is fixed and I can't score it any lower.  Usability is going backwards.
Application
Facebook is best way to in touch with friends.
Drre
tooooo  Much Space
It's too slow and it doesn't let me install it
Saddat
Uninstalled on all devices due to privacy concerns.
And fix to photos on comments...
I like but is a little heavy.
;)
good
I agree it does take up too much space.  Facebook how can you rectify this?
Nice
I love this app you get to text your. Friends with. A distances
Hate new update. Cannot open mesaages or notification. And data usage on this app is outrageous. 2 GB in one week is insane. This needs to be fixed or I will uninstall. And having to install a desperate app just to check my messages is just stupid.
I love Facebook
The best app
Excellent
pretty good ...pretty good!
Came from an iPhone and honestly I'm disappointed. No filters and crop options for my xperia m2. Also, very slow loading times even when I'm on a decent internet connection. Visuals are ok though. Hope you fix it on future updates.
I've had to uninstall the app because it uses all my battery power and my data. I've only been logging on through my computer.
I don't want 2 apps to use Facebook. I can't access messaging. I'm going to have to go back to using the browser. Or ditch Facebook altogether.
Update after update all lge in size
I like it
No fixes for getting offline via app :/
Need a most recent option for newsfeed. And the messenger app is unnecessary. Stupid to download two separate apps. I will be uninstalling...again.
Its bettet to use Facebook on desktop rather installing a separate app for pages and messaging
I think that facebook is great news everyday
Everything thing works but after 1 minute using the app it forces close. Im on 2.3.5 droid x2
Love it
Facebook is currently using 42% of my battery life. Even after I kill all my apps. I dont remember it wver doing that. My phone is dying like crazy.
This is best
Garbage
Bit slow on my phone
Koley
I love fb.  Great way to meet good friends. However now its taking up more space.   It keeps changing things just wen you get use to it.  Than changes again.  Up to 40. Come on now. To much space. I'm on a phone.    Now I have somehow got 3 pages. That's not me.  I can't log on from new device
Wtf are you thinking Facebook ??? Install a separate app for something that was working perfectly fine !!!???!!???
Sam
You know why
This app is bad  but if you'll force me to install messenger I will just uninstall facebook and messenger all together and top stories so boring see us the most recent or let us switch as we like it and space also ? Why when I download it , it take 20 mb but after installing  whaoo 45 mb and want us to download new app for messages too ?  It's better to uninstall all and open from google chrome or something .yeah ! I have big space on my mobile but others don't have even 10 mb free on there phones! Fix it!
Hi
Very easy to use
The Horn
I am having a hard time And  trouble of receiving friends request.... Whenever I have a friend request it doesn't appear on my friend request and to I think it would be cool and awesome if the Facebook app has an easier way to hide your friend list just saying. ....please fix and I will definitely rate this a 5 star and will also have my respect
Moto X Facebook stops responding to anything after 5 uses. No scrolling. No action.
The app doesn't load picture or video on wifi,  but work normally on lte
Tank
Awesome
But the only problem I have with it is that it takes up too much space on my phone....
The amount of space this app needs is ridiculous and it seems like it is getting worse with every update. Also the messanger app that they try to shove down your throat just so you can read your messages is a complete joke....
Slow slow slow!
Please do review your changes first before you it. Can't even see my news feed and notifications. Don't try to overdo whatever you want consider the users first. Please do resolve this and I'll bring back my five star.
Everytime I install it it asks me to unistall it and reinstall it... :( something is wrong with the app
Takes too much space and doesn't let you check the messages...
so fast...
Facebook a typically great app as always
Osum bt very slow
Good
Please can u help me. because it keeps saying  that. Need the Facebook messenger but I don't want it plz help
The messaging system is broken and there only solution is to have made a different app for it. Don't download it unless you have to until they fix this error
How the best social network have such painful app!!!! This app hay so many problems and its getting worst... Come on facebook think straight and give us a descent and useful app....
first.... it eats more of memory.... second messages are separated in other app... please update it again
Excellent excellent excellent
Can't play video's anymore
L
IT'S NOT OPENING FDVFHE
Thank!
Bad app
Keeps crashing on my galaxy s5
Lots of bugs
How can this app work perfect one day n then when i update it the app is complete garbage. No videos will play at all . .. very upset facebook. Very upset
hmmm nice app
put back the MOST RECENT option to news feed
Eats battery. A little too invasive with my contact details. Now, irritatingly ,  requiring a separate messaging app. Wish I could replace this with a better integrated solution.
Have had to uninstall and reinstall SEVERAL times and it still isnt working. Click on icon and it will either freeze on a grey screen or just go back to the previous screen every time!!!
And not funny any more without chat
I know I shouldn't update and now that I did, I'm regretting it. Only if my FB friends are on other SNS too, I would never use FB again. If I would be able to undo or go back to the previous version, I'll still use fb but if not I'll completely uninstall it, it's barely working anyway.
I can not redownload facebook. Why?
You don't need the power to invade my privacy more so than you're already doing.
I real l y would like to speak with someone on the pho n e bout my accounts I have three and would k like them n to one but can't seem to get that accomplished.  Please call me or send me a number where I could call u.
Hamsa mk
I kept having to restart my phone because of the app. Decided to uninstall to reinstall. But now I can't! Keeps having an error when trying to install. But it's just this app giving me problems
very nyc
sathihk
Gu¨ªa apoyo OS cool
Videos k.s.a
Love getting family updates and local news all at the same time!
Still kinda wiggs out but good app
I think It's Appointment takes alot of storg
Fuckn slow
Good
Quick and easy to get in touch of people
Bhagyashree
Awesome
Nice fb app
Treat
Why do I always have to choose, "Most Recent" whenever viewing updates? Why are their options like that?  Most popular is Your Opinion.
No one now
Let's you get to to know people its not as hard as meeting them in person also you can share games..... AWSOME or what?
Every time it will not allow me 2 chat unless I download Facebook messanger and when I download d Facebook messanger it will become slow and tell me unfortunately facebook has stopped
It would be better if the news feeds are sorted on the basis of time. The new feeds are random and its annoying to see the same old news when logged on.
It freezes every time I scroll past a video. I hate this new feature of it automatically playing video's on my news feed it ruins it.
Aman
Lab lab lab
I hate
Sucks
Awesome
Loading
Loved it
Hey
Totally flop version... It gives me again n again force close ...  What's wrong ???  Fix it .. m too much tired from this... Last version is better than this
I think that it's great and I will recommend this to any one
Wonderful
Raselhowlader
log in
I respect elders
There is NO reason why it should be mandatory to use the separate messenger app. The TOS  on the messenger app are REALLY in violation of privacy as well and I'm really angry (like most people) that this is being forced on us. I've used Facebook since 2004 and it's like they are purposely trying to run people off. I just won't use messages on mobile anymore. Ridiculous. Facebook needs to check themselves. I'm pretty sure people would still be happy with the OPTION to use ONLY the FB app if they want to.
Is good is nice
It is good brow
It is the best
I want my messages directrly on my fb which i already installed. But i am forced to get messenger for messages. It took very much of my phone`s memory. Its like monopoly of facebook.
Wish it was better, but it's useful..so three from me.
Malakia
Criminalogy i guess! Why force me to have what i don't want. Are u kidding me? Pls take me back to older version becuz i don't have a spare memory for Facebook. Hope u understand?
This app is amazing and i love it
Goooood and so exitinggggggggyyggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggyyggghhhhhyg
The fact that you guys have the audacity to try and force us to download another one of your crappy applications is ridiculous.  I should give this app one star but oh well.
It does exactly what I want to do on my phone. I use it way more than I'd like to. Haha!
It would not let me tall to friends
I say put on a limit of how long you can spend on Facebook. People I know stay up all night because of this app. Otherwise I like it. So fix it, then it gets 5 stars.
Will we have to install another app to post a status? And another one to like a status? Then a status reader app?? Looking forward to the future #not
Cool
I am gonna uninstall fb and.. Wat the hell.. This coercive thing of fb is billshit..
STILL Won't play video and sound at the same time. Does one or the other, error occurred error occured AND COMMENTS ARE NOT GOING IN TIME ORDER AND NOT SHOWING UP IN ACTIVITY Not the best Facey SORT IT OUT PLEASE IT'S INFURIATING AND ITS TAKING UP 126 MB
I love it.
Nice
When I try and watch uploaded videos it comes up with an error and stops the video. Can you fix this?
Great app
Love its quickness
Degefe Ossabo
Still love it ;-)
Hate it!!!
Hi
make it little bit light.It slows down the phone.Consumes huge space and ram
Love it
I love seeing how my family and friends are.
Omer
:* <3
My fb is nice and beautiful
Hope u in joy
Please fix it.
I'm disappointed about needing to install messenger. And it showed me all the information you need access to, no thanks.
Why are u guys making us use messenger wen fb already has a message inbox not everyone has space for that you guys should think about thatbefore everyone stops using fb !
This app is amazing now i  can keep in touch with my family thank you app makers of Facebook
Thanks
So many permission requirements.
If this says facebook is only 23mb then why the hell does my app manager say its taking up 157mb on my phone?????  Thats ridiculous! !!!!!! Time to get rid of Facebook
I don't know how can I live without it it is the most interesting app I have ever seen in my life
Nice
Very nice
Its wonderful cause its just good u can talk to yo
Pointless. Just use the browser version.
I like it and i need you to make it more faster
I DONT WANT MESSENGER  .I m unable to open my chat everytime I so this it open the messenger to Install plzzzz fix this .
Fab!!!!!!!
Overall a good application though it takes up a lot of space. But it's addictive
Why tf is it necessary to split the messages app with the main app? It's just inconvenient and unnecessary. Seems like this company is just getting greedier and I'm not going to feed into it!
Plz low spec fb upload. In new update
Download it than turn black now cant get on my Facebook
Problam is four space plz help
Try
Life Insurance Corporation of India
Nice
Year after year, Facebook has the slowest, clunkiest, least capable mobile social client around. You would think Facebook had the resources to do better. Tomorrow's social winner is mobile-first. Facebook's client shows they don't get that yet, or they disagree that mobile is important.
Dalla
Requires a lot of space
Majnoon
I'm not sure if it's my phone or facebook, but facebook keep crashing which is very annoying.
I injoy it
Work
Calm w
Wont let me on half the time
Why i dont have freecall now ???
Need to be able to upload videos ! Also look a videos!
So good social website
Great
It have not replied on acomment Its to important to get the reply option
Part of the body.......
Come on Facebook. You need to read my texts? Just charge us all 5 bucks a month and get put of our personal lives.
Fb book
Very bad.
too space consuming
it frezzes alot
Nice
WTH FB? I don't get all of my friends posts in my newsfeed. So annoying.  I want to decide what I see and don't see, thank you. I have been aggravated with FB for over a year now. I'm going to deactivate.
It's okay
Please fix this
Naila khan
good for passing  time
Good
Because of you have to install messenger just to check your messages
Nice apps...I like it. ...
Just got a new updated phone and had to download the new version of Facebook.  I can't watch any videos, I don't get my notifications till late, and it shuts down every time I open up and scroll down my page.  I want to delete Facebook.
Cool
Had to reset password numerous times, this is ridic. Still cant log in
Gasta muita memoria
This app reminds me of cancer death and suggest social gangrene. Unrecommended. Unless u a hipster. Of you're a hipster please use it.
Love it
Dost :
facebook
This is really a good work done. Please with due respect, the size of the app is too big. Do something about for us.
Everytime I open facebook it freezes fix
Facebook
I have a beautiful phone book & Text app that interface with Facebook. Why do I need Messenger? Ridiculous! Top Stories SUCK! Stop being manipulative.
love it
New update SUCKS BALLS! Uninstall asap. Pull your head out of your A$$ Facebook.  Still a piece of chit
Good
It
Last update is really good
wow fact he dosto
it forces to me to install app messenger to view mesages.i beter use website for that and no app needed
Just great and convenient
Oooooooo super
It is 3:15 Thursday afternoon and all my news feed is from Wednesday night and Tuesday. Why can't I see what is being posted today?  I have had this problem since the last update.
Good
Full time pass
Facebook app
women who fool around in NJ OCEAN COUNTY AREA
Gettin better but still needs some improvments done
M l b 4333
N
Good app
Facebook
Love it.
my facebook account is not logging and its not working..i hate it
Dont open messeges juxt say install messenger bc
Not good but its not verry fast and smart.
I hate the update it says loading forever. It stays on it probably 10,15 mins this is ridiculous. It constantly does this. I hate it!
Nice app bat is sexy
app
Way better than the last one. Facebook is ok for being nosey but it's boring.  I don't want to install the messenger.
N1
Verygood
Amazing
Everytime i see the same old stories. News feed doesn't update itself as set.
Nothing to say about this
It sucks
taaaakes to much space in my phone
hmmmm
FACEB00K IS MY SEC0ND FAV0URITE APP.L0VE IT,CAN'T LIVE WITH0UT MY FACEB00K....
Its so nice
Constant crashing.. slow feeds
I love facebook
It waste toooo space othere then tht the app is good too meny mega bites ben used
Chandan
Gooood but took space
Facebook
I hate how I have to download the messenger and at that it keeps messing up
Allover its gd.but not perfect.dis is da 3rd time i am installing dis.want dis a in a better version.
It is cool
Sooooo just so cool lush ya byeee<3
very good  this is a bast
I can't update status nor upload any photos. Please fix
This app gets worse and worse with every update.
It's ok but verry slows
Good
Good
This is an app without which i can't survive
Tanvir rock ahmed
Why do I have to have messanger app? It was fine the way it was
Mir
It works Nice
It cool but  I forgot my password
Every time I click ¡°like" it automatically unlikes everything I've already liked!
Bohat bakwas hai....
Jk zala
I love getting on Facebook but it takes up too much memory on my phone to the point of me not being able to download it.
Fantastic social media app
too gooooooooooddd.....
Jorfa
This app is taking a lot of space of of my phone. It eats over 100mb already.. :-( But then I don't really have a choice.   Honestly, I'd already uninstall it once and tried accessing FB using q browser. But it too hassle so I had to install this app back.
Really dont like how we have to install a separate app for messages its a joke
It was nice until they removed chat, now I need another app, not good...
Facebook is going down hill fast.
Love this app is the best it's amazing
Too Much Space -_-
Enough
B Fb:-)
Cuz its facebook
This app is wonderful
Not working at all now. Well done
I am happy with one enormous app but this is literally the worst marketing strategy. You're making you're people upset and I promise you Facebook, you'll not like what is going to come next. Until it goes back to normal then F*** FACEBOOK!!!
Best
Artisonwde
The most used is the MOST RECENT not the Top stories, and the last update is the slowest. Unfollow post has gone as well. You seem you're trying to get the Worst App Award.
Nice super
Like it
ok
Let us transfer the app to the sd card it takes too much space and makes the phones slow
Facebook locked me out on my phone and says to log in I have to answer security questions. When I press continue to do that, it just returns to the login screen.
It takes a lot of space and video lag then it exits me out from the video ?
So tired of fb constantly crashing my phone. Also Please make it easier to search for my group posts on my phone!!! It is so difficult trying to find them on the browser.... which is exactly where im having to use Facebook since my app rarely opens and when it does im lucky to go 5 min before i have to force close!!!!!!!
I can't make custom for privacy of any post from this app, I can't get the link of any page on this app , can't do most of settings ! That make me don't depend on it 100% !
Best way to chill out..
Goodshiittt
My Only Problem Is When I Scroll Past A Video Everything Freeze's Please Fix Immediately.
Make it so easy
Facebook
Unique avenue to meet long lost friends.
Very easy app
Great app h a new amezing friends of this app
Loved it
Good idea to get contact
I can't message my friends without downloading messenger WTF Facebook
What happen?
Osm app
The new version  doesn't load images..  Hardly any images are getting loaded irrespective of the speed of Internet connection.
Now I don't have to go ob google search to do facebook totally. Awesome
I can't play videos on my HTC sensation 4g
Hl
Star..
Facebook no very good
Cool!
There's always room for improvement... When I add a comment on a public post (political, etc) that has lots of people debating back and forth and then I receive a notification that my comment has been responded to, It would be nice if I could be taken straight to the response instead of having to scroll up and look for the responder's name. It would also be nice to be notified of "likes" on said comments as well. Overall, though, it's a great app.  :)
What's "confirm your email" thing? I confirmed my email then it says "error email confirmation" ! Please fix it bceacuse I can't access my fb account!
Wooio
Great
Keeps losing  connection. The updated are making it worse! Takes up too much darn memory.
I looooove fb
Hateee ut
K
Frayrerlis
Nice
Very slow. . . need to improve. . . Uses lots of space. .  must compress it and make it less than 10mb. . Fix the issues regarding memory usage
Ok
Works pretty good but is missing some key functionality. Need to implement the ability to disable page notifications from the mobile app. As it is, any time anyone comments on a photo, a page, etc I get a notification. I can stop it via the PC Web browser but not from mobile app. I'm not always at my PC. Also I want to be able to share things via PM not just to a wall.
Just like a trash-can. Needing so much memory plus needs a messenger to be installed what the rubbish is this. Crashing after every 5 minutes. Are u people fooling the people. Are u in association with the mobile or sim companies, so people by high memory phones and use more data
Messenger has ruined my fb experience. I made the mistake of downloading the app. It then was not a good experience. I made mistake late night of being confused with uninstall & "Stop" , this completely double ruined my device fb app. Help me please & thank you!
it is amazeballs and i love it. it is a great way to talk to people and they can see your pictures and message you
Bestla facebook

.AWESOME
Its faster nd easier wen u  have it. Its less wait nd faster usage nd keeping in touch with fam bam
If there was an option I'd rate no stars. Separate messaging? What's that all about?!!! Too big an app let alone seperate messaging, so sort it out FB or UNINSTALLING!!!
Is ok
Mine won't let me upload videos this is my 3rd time installing the app same with messenger
Good
Nice
Good and superb
The update is definitely better but it comes with the bug which does not allow to browse all profile pictures when viewed from wall. For viewing all the profile pics one has to go to photos->profile pictures and then one can see all the pics. Please do fix this!!!
Ok
So nice app.....& good
I love it
makikandan elevotar
Facebook app it used too  many MB in my fone

Hi.....owner ur app so usefull but some prmblem this app.....
I can ch@ 2 ma matez and everythinn
Note 3
I really like how you can keep in touch with battle buddies that are still a broad.
This version slows down my phone please fix this
Great
Like for ever awesome but everyone already knows this
Ever sense the last update I can't like something without it scrolling .please fix it soon.
I love this app
Ilikeit
Very Nice version fast & easy !!
Speed is best and like it
Very good Apps
because i can't download this app
Love it
Facebook do something, everyone is throwing negative feedback.  Must update ur fb version ,really it takes a huge memory and even after that doesn't work so good.  It really sucks. That is not so cowbunga !!!!!!!!
All Facebook users need this app with out it you'd be lost.
Make its lite
Great
Assalamualikkum
bht hi bakwas ap hai kute k bache harami wht the fuuuuuuuu
A seperate app for messages is the only thing i disliked, even though messenger is fast and effective, both apps take up too much space! Rest is cool!!!
I luv it
Always love keeping up with friends
"HUHAY" dapat main facebook lagi c kawan nie bha "hahaha"
i love it
Update: been working better. But I see that your 1 star is catching up with you 3 stars not good...seems to me you at Facebook instead of finding ways of doing messages separately you might (which seems to have been working fine to begin with if you read the feedback) I you want faster better (yeah more space slows down our phones). Fix other issues that seem to to be causing problems.
Got it
It wotks for the most part but it always cutting of and loading slow
Thanks
Don't like this new fb, can't choose to see current statuses, fb wants to tell me what & who to look at, and then forcing messenger down our throats or we won't see messages. It used to be good & fun, now it just sucks!!!
This App . Is for Social Person like  me its awesome app to share ur life to ur friends and family I love this app :) this app makes me feel alive
J
rock n roll
Stop showing these messanger advertisement in my inbox ... i wont download it ... and if these stupid ads keep popping up in my face ... i will remove facebook app from my device .... and by the way ... the app keeps force closing although the free RAM is 600+
It so great if u read this u connect with other people around the world
U can try it
Dinesh mokshagna chowda
Scroll back to top!! Annoying..
Mrs. Mosley
Buaty app
Facebook
Better than last one
Facebook
the fb messenger sucks, it was blocking me from getting my messages, and trying to download though i didnt want it!!
Awasthy
Cannot upload video to my facebook!! 
I really love this site!
It take to much space to use and most of the time it will close me out four times before i can open it and use it.
Takes up far too much memory for what it is
An innovative idea with tremendous services.
Nice
And what did you end up doing? Completly F7cking it up!
Using this app now i hate Facebook
Love Facebook
Love face book and the app
Life without Facebook...I unable to imagine
Facebook
Review by george Nyirenda
Ok..so you MUST download messenger? So unefficient. Oh, you're going to save every post for the last couple of hours, just so I can look at them offline? Wtf...If I saw them online, why in the hell would I need to see them offline? Stupid af. We should boycott fb and go to Twitter.
Stop trying to fix things that aren't broke!
u
I only have this app to keep from going online and missing messages. This uses data and space beyond need. Plus why do I need another app for messages when this app handles it just fine.
Really liked it
Its nice app
Facebook
Looks good
My best

Format, presentation  ease of use are all great!
Nice
Excellent
Where most recent go? Its junk without it
Facebook your moving the wrong direction
I love it
me time
Sa raora
Khan
Thanks.
Walla
Nice
Anilkumar
Ok types
When I download fb it takes up to much space on my phone and I cant download anything else. It's just really stupid how it works like that.
Cool and funny
Please listen to us what you think how many times we told so why face book useless we use data package not wifi do something thx
Facebook is getting too intrusive. I HATE the seperate messenger, now being forced on us, is maybe the straw to break the camel's back. Very close to closing my Facebook account.
Epic but ine thing. Plz make the file send thru chat possible. Then u will br greater than bbm and my fav app. Thanks
Quality
Zo
Messenger is a joke
Disappointed with the soon-to-be-removed messaging. App manipulated to show what Facebook wants to show me, not what I want to see. Uninstalling because I don't need mobile FB if it can't be what I want: my feed, my way.
Wtf y do we need to install messenger for texting! Hell
This last update put a black line in the middle of my screen. please fix

Absolutely ridiculous waste of space and time when the current system works just fine
Forces you to install the messenger app, which is awful and annoying.
huraian

facebook
Connecting pepoles apps
962221707
Good
Miss Facebook too much my friends say it on
Too sloooowww! Bad bad bad...

Since last update, all it shows is error loading newsfeed. Galaxy S4
Download it but always telling me my storage is full all the time so dose my heading to keep deleting things and clearing dater so then i have to re log into fb anoying sort it....
Amazing
Lg L70
Shubham
Excelent
Awsome
Facebook
Hi
Due to too much size i m going to uninstal it...
1234
Can't believe I have to install the messenger app
It has become a great app now.. Much more polished and intuitive.. Thumbs up!
Kkkk
Osm
it's the best appp
I love it
Please add bitmap images enabling so that i can read malayalam fonts.
Invalid package error receiving again and again
Orite for funny quotes' and talkin to ppl take,s Load's oh space need'ed?' apparently cant update on Xperia-P ok wont update then ive got 66Gb 16 Gb built in fone' 50Gb online Facebook sort it¡­¡­¡­¡­
Keeps saying error code and does not download. Please fix
We make a new world with Facebook
consumes 100+ MB space after installation. its good to use it through UC browser.....
Every time u guys update you make this app worse. My status updates don't show up. Takes forever to load. Comments don't show up. Notifications don't show up. Fix this app already! I wish there was another app out there because I would use it over this one any day of the week. If I could I would give u NEGATIVE 10 STARS!!! DO NOT UPDATE THIS APP
India
Afp
so slow going to page after clicked notifications..even Facebook for android or for blackberry, working so bad.. horrible..!!!
This app is starting to get on my last nerve. I get halfway through my news feed and it starts me all over. Really unhappy plz fix this.
good
I want new
Hi
22.38mb + another app for messages? Why do that for absolute no reason
Wow
The fb apps keeping hanging or stuck on the screen and refuse to load. It's becoming regular for this one week.
Very much memory is lost by this  !!!!
like it!!
Nice
One
The app taking 120 mb of my ram please fix it as soon as possible
Takes toooo much time to load a single thing :/
It'd be nice if the app would stop randomly freezing while I'm logged in leaving me with no option but to restart my phone, also if I could see the "other" folder for my messages that'd be cool, and why are we now forced to install the stupid messenger app to send and see messages??
Ha cool
P
Peen
This app takes so much space it's ridiculous!! And posts NEVER so show up in order in news feed. No opition to sort. Sticking with Facebbok mobile. Remember, we have phones....not small laptops!!! Uninstalling.
Loved it
It require many mb on my phone storage
It is eating all my phone memory(138 MB).
Too slow
Buja cell
New update make fb not responding
Stil very bad i uninstalled it..makes my phone very slow
facebook
Wht d hell man...wht is d need of another apps to check d msgs in fb...I dnt like this....seriously....nw m goin to uninstall this facebook...I ll b goin 2 check my msgs on web....
Super
Excellent
Can not play videos wtf
Lalala
Stress Reliever! <3
Awsumm app
Bijak2
I can't upgrade. It gets to about 95% then starts over. Constantly getting Facebook not responding. Seriously thinking of uninstalling.
It keeps freezing up has to be the worst app ever made
Much better still needs work
It's not as Interesting as it used to be, mainly have it for the games.
Good app
Since I updated this new facebook app I have not been able to see no video player fix the problem thank you
always play facebook.
Its OK but there is no sync option in this app
128mb really?
Man of God
Superb
Very nice
Fully Time pass
Takes up too much space
I like face book
Good
Its very once of the best apps.
Where is my most recent tab? Oh, I have to hunt it down? Dumb, Facebook.
when I go into a group and click on 'see more' on the posts and come back, I go into the first post on the begining of the group automatically. .... I hate this otherwise great app it is
The best app
Mlaba
Samantha
Did
Facebook please try to give an update where memory consumption is improved
its a nice app
i like.
Fb is too slow..it takes to much time to open plus newsfeed also take too much time to open.please fix this problem
It wont let me play kingdoms of Camelot on facebooj
Nishan
Bloody ridiculous. Runs slow, freezes, forecloses and why have a separate message service. Dont fix what isnt broke god dame it
Takes way too much space  and satability is really bad
I only used Facebook when i absolutely need to. Forcing me to install another app with access to all my contacts is ridiculous. I'm deleting the app.
Takes up way too much space on my phone. 38mb to install but runs at 120mb. I dont have space to install messenger. I think I will probably just go back to fb mobile.
But hav many prblms pictures take time to load even in 3g network........refreshing also takes a lot of time...!!!
Woow
Takes a lot of storage
Okey
It won't let me check my inbox even thought my friends were sent me messages unless I download Messagers App. Okay, now I download it so what happened next? My phone was getting slow and sometimes it hangs! I hope I can just use Facebook app coz  the app. include posts, message and lots of stuff. It's easy. Messager already have in Facebook app. and I no need an extra app to.
Dbrugarh
Awesome it runs realy fast and now since its the summer i can talk to my friends and contact them x!!
Mildredisiderio@ gmail
Best space killing app!!!
Aswesome cool
Facebook
Not to bad
Download a second app just to see my message a$$ hats
It is amazing
Good app even though uses up way too much space

Gud
Good l
What happened to to photo privacy? I tapped on 'Edit Photo' to see I can only type. Help?
No words..
<3
Old
I love this app but i can't download it in my phone
great
Gud
Super
Its too slow man hate it
Very very very nice helpful and friendly and professional services for all the time
It takes too much time for opening and every time i tried to open tells me not responding my device sony xperia ion
I don't like how we HAVE to install the messenger now just to access messages via mobile. Not everyone has enough storage space for a separate messaging app on their devices, and I personally do not see the point in having to download and install it when the built-in messaging system on the Facebook app itself was working absolutely fine in the first place. And it seems that most, if not everyone feels the same way.
hy
Good

Nice
kya baat hai
Hooooooooo
It wont let me download reg. Facebook .... but I can download Facebook desktop  how stupid is that on a Android. ..phone not a  computer. .... dumb dumb dumb....... whats up with that??
But one more update needed plz do something to see the other msj box in msj box of application...thanks
Luar biasa
I lik thi apps
fb
First, I hate being the last one to see what one posts. I'd like to keep updated on things. Second, The space is outrages! & now I have to download ANOTHER app just too see my msgs, No thanks !
Nyc app.. njoying it...
Facebook  dawunloab
Good for the galaxy s4, and your makers of Facebook should make the symbol with a blue f, and white background, AND PLEASE FIX WERE ITLL GIVE NOTIFICATIONS ON COMMENTING AND STUFF I HAVE TO GO THROUGH FACEBOOK JUST TO CHECK IT
This app Sucks
Nice
I luv this app cuz it is so cool
Its a great app love the update
Reduce the mb and receive more stars. Simple
These jokers want total control over your device, just look at all those permissions and to top it off, now they are forcing their crappy messaging app on us. Facebook deleted from all my devices. Burn in hell fb
Fb is a very very funny site.
Good
Like
I really want to use Facebook but the new update is causing it to crash every five seconds. I'm also annoyed that they are forcing me to download a separate messaging app. Keep it in app, clearly users want to leave it there and not have a new app that takes up even more space. I'm tempted to uninstall til I hear about next update. Fix it please!
Fine
in it...1.while uploading profile pic it always.want to crop first..i want it orginal..to keep in..pro.pic..2.in the condition of poke..i cant find..poke.inother profile...then how to poke
Wow just awesome
92052146
Good for the volume...would get more stars if buttons didn't randomly disappear (like post button).  Also the new messenger is hard to close and gets in the way of stuff I am trying to do.
N
As long as it's free&you don't want to draw over my SDcard.Don't get me wrong,I like New options,but fear,there may be hidden fee's.I should laugh at.
Fb is good only at one thing - crashes.....Always crashes...Its one of the worst update ever....and also now lags a lot..!
Man at work
Ok
New to f/b,but love it so far.
Liked it
It takes too much memory and now it is asking to install facebook messenge...i m uninstalling dis app
Consumes a lot of memory..
I love it as an one of the best social media
i loved it
I really like this app.............
Lol
Nice
I love it so much for your help and support
Like it! It makes me updated to every single incedent on fb
Love it
Crashes all the time when I open the app. I need to try opening the app a lot of times just to open fb thru trial and error
Good look with good features... :)
It occupies more than 100 mb and is not too much useful
John
Its really great looking for android than the look on PCs otherwise fastand easy app to use
Fantastic the new version is really good
lovely <3
I
Too many permissions Not even getting notifications from messages or posts they time out after  awhile
Takes to much space lower it down  I will  give 5 stars
May i just asked.. why does the application keeps on increasing its size? I thought its just 22. Something mb but why it reached to 60 plus mb now?
Facebook is a good way to socialize
It takes a lot of space . first it is 20 mb then it is 45 to 50 mb my suggestion is to create a new app of small sized... If u create it i would give 5 stars
With the Facebook messaging app, you can call your Facebook friends using the app, it has the messaging icon where the person's profile pic is located on your screen and it can be moved around and when it is tapped it opens up. Also if your reason is too little storage on your phone. The apps can be moved to storage on your SD card so that eliminates storage on your phone. Hope this helps
Nice app...
Very slow and cannot hear
Its working very slow in my mobile am using samsung galaxy s gt 7562 mobile its taking too much of space compare to other apps but y like tht 90mb very bad plz fix it ASAP and veryyyyyyyyyy bad in 2g network plz fix tht too........
Family, Friends, Business, Vacations, & Parties.

Sajjaddogar
Singh
No. K.mr.
It was perfectly fine until it made me install the messenger app. I have no memory on my phone and if I can't talk to my friends online, I want to go and meet the guy who made Facebook. This is by far stupid! >:(
Takng too much tym to load images and all...not gud for 2G user's
Add emoticons for these : -_- , B) , BD , :3 .  Pleeeease
It takes too much space and blocks my messages leaving me no other chance to read or answer but insisting on installing their other monster child messenger!
5star
Faecboo
My fvrt 1 frm all aaps
Hi
Superb , excellent
It takes up way to much space and  It has a Bad problem of freezing. I would give it five stars if you guys would fix It from freezing so often and make it to where it doesn't take so much space!!! Make it smaller!
Anil kumar 175@com
In lenovo a850+ cannot install this application..i don't like
While installing  its only 22mp . But after it is increased to 60mp. It is a good app but it needs to space
This app is Good
Facebook version. ..¡î¡î¡î¡î¡î
Too much space
Very bad....useing to much Ram.
Talking and seeing what's going on just staying in touch with my family and friends
Vn
Nadir Hussain
BEST WORK BETTER OR WILL BRING BACK TO 1 STAR
Having to now download Messenger to see messages is ridiculous. I never should have done update
Facebook
Very good and nice
Sharing a photo is harder than it should be. You have to scroll thru all of your pictures just to find one you want. Why not just open it in the normal gallery style..
minzz
Tera name doo the best song entertainment movie akshay kumar the best way
I love facebook
a very good app better if I didn't keep comin up wid force close
Making me install Facebook messenger
my phone is not only for thing only.
I don't even use Facebook, it uses to much space. I need it gone and away from my GB space
The Facebook update is a nightmare. It runs super slow and I cannot access news feed history any longer. PLEASE HELP!!!!!!
It is taking to much space about 50 mb pls solv it otherwise it is good
Doesnt let me download it. Fix the problem!
Please please please make iy use less ram amd cpu
This aaps is verry sloly runing and hang mai phon and starting apps loosar
786
I love this app but tje space it consumes reached 128mb,, what the????
Its ok
Hai
Not too bad
tegra Note
not ok
i dnt like the new facebook its so  slow! fixed this

Yea it ok to use and u can find new friend
Ugly Fb. App grrrrr it only shows the top stories not the most recent... Its ok and better before.. What happend? It's getting worst at all...
Nice to use friends
There is too much updating and takes up too much space on my phone ..other than that ...it's aight .
Ya know, when I like to check my FB.... I'd like to CHECK IT; see it; browse it. Not wait for hours on end for it to load a  time line or a pic  Facebook, not only are you killing us, you're killing yourself and your image with your inferior coding and implementation of "features" (seriously, what good additions has anyone noticed anyways?). I have a much more fluid experience using my android stock browser and wait...... it saves SO MUCH more on battery using the browser than the app itself. Just stop...
It helps me to find out if my bf is cheating on  me or it revels unknown secrets
Awesome but take up alot of space
nice
They reverted my review? Sero 7 pro liquidsmooth latest release. Video issues in facebook app that don't occur in any other apps. Uninstall reinstall. Now insufficient storage. Despite reboots and having > 3GB of on device and >27GB of SD available.
Each time i use the app it swells a bit more, filling up valuable space on my phone. I think fb is working together with cellphone companies to sell newer phones.
JUST ANOTHER STUPID APP THAT KEEPS YOU FROM BEING OUTDOORS ENJOYING LIFE I'M GOING FISHING...
Too much space! I don't have enough storage for this.... So I am going to uninstall it!
Jitender
Mrs.
It's great
Bat ganon ..? Ayaw ng FB SA AKIN HINDI TULOY AKO MAKA PAG ACCEPT..SAD AMAN AKO.
It is great
Forcing us to do something in order to access our messages is facist. I ll stop using it
Georgia maghiya
A0. (*)8 41
So I'm am in the middle of scrolling down reading post, or watching a video that someone had posted and bam the feed refreshes and puts me back to the top....grrrr!
But cannot add names to multiple pictures. Also can not mention a person in a group. Please fix and will get better rating!
I cant read my messages in the main app. It literally forced me to download the stupid messaging app. I want to do it all in one place. Fix it and i'll rate better. I dont need two facebook apps.
It was great
Ina ziana
Tf????
Nothing ever loads. It keeps on saying error downloading feed. I have an excellent connection to my WiFi so idk what's going on. But I'm considering uninstalling...
Nice
Stupid app
My name is khalid
Nice
My app keeps crashing every single time I open it after this huge update. No room for anything else on my phone.
Why is it Facebook now is eating up all my Internal Gig? Is it True?? 73.75MB???
This app takes up way to much space
After the last update its not letting me play any videos please fix asap or I'm deleting the app. Also I'm not going to install messenger takes to much memory already as it is.
M
Not bad
It takes big memory. Couldnt install other apps :(
Photos and images take too long to load
Facebook
To Much Space
My life
Best
It consumer more sp¨¤ce every time when I open this app .
It takes too much space even in the cached
The best ape in world
It's wonderful
This app is lagging while sweeping down and up plz fix it plz.....
It helped me alot
MOTHOBI
good social network
This.is awesome I love this phone.and app
Keeping up with freinds faster than ever
Luvd it...
Very fast respond
Very the manah
It's good
Good app
Pls change ur video player
Jux luvn ihd
I wish I had not updated it. Now nothing works. Or it takes 20 minutes to view. This is bs. Guess I will be getting rid of facebook
Ugh
Tell me. Why should we use the MESSENGER. I really do not like your changed. Now we must install the messenger without we want it or not, if we want use FB. That's enough only 3 stars for this app.
Worldwide need see
Facebook
It can't even play a 6 sec video
It takes up more space then it says and is there a reason since the update I cant play videos? You should have never changed it .
Buenisimo
To much space take in mob... :/
Very good app
Worst software
WAY TOO MUCH SPACE IS TAKEN UP
It take a lot of time to load and always crash
Thanks
After the new update i cannot see online friend but sometime my online disappear and only when log out to log in again the they appear only for 10mins and disappear again. PLEASE FIX iT give 5 stars if fix
Um
Why the messages moving to the messenger?Please return the old one...I cant install another app like messenger coz my phone is full already...I cant read all who sent me messages coz im using mobile..please fix it!if u can return the old one,i give u 5 stars!
Smh
Useless and waste of space. Now im forced to download messenger to check the messenger (the only thing i use this app for. Stick to pc
the best to kaysa mag Opera mini:-)
Mst aap h
Can't like
I know the developers don't really care what the people think ....but I totally agree with sara that we should not be forced to download another app just to use one app.. it's really stupid in my opinion. I don't care about receiving messages faster either...I can care less about messaging people on Facebook... big thumbs down on this stupid idea... I use Facebook daily too...promise you I will uninstall Facebook before I download another useless app that I DO NOT WANT!
N
So super
Last update is super this update fine
I love it but it taks more memory
Superb app
Like
Very nice
darassewihk@gmail com
Now my Very fb is fast
123das
2 much space
This app is so bugging and it also consumes so much space after an update.. And it always freezes or gets crashed!! Doesn't respondd half the time,and I'm very disappointed
Fantastic
Nice
Hrangtin
Facebook
Only one word for this app "awesome"
Crashes horribly
I Like Facebook
Awsome
This app is very good
Its k nd good but taking lots off mb space
Dream"s
After installed they having the 40 to 50 MB space....
Good
Awesome buht not as AWESOME as Me
This app is not downloading in my phone whyy
Good app. Facebook supports CISPA, keep the app, but delete your acct.
It is cool but one thing a messeger wow to much  yea it is cool
Hate the update.
JAKHAASSSSSSS.......
Sometimes crashes. Takes too much space and needs internet at high speed. So I feel it's better to check fb on web itself.
Wht the f*** all ways it get stuck. Than sessions failed. Again log out & log on again again happen.bullish.
Nice
This app just takes took much spaxe
I need facebook
laggin,but still fun,however use old fb much better.

Pamilya, amega, amego, ka opisina at iba pa. Magandang uri ng social media para sa magandang komunikasyon
Nice
extremely bad poor app
fab nd mavelous application
Why it increse up to 50 mb
EVERYTIME I ENTER ON THE MESSAGE THING IT TELLS ME TO DOWNLOAD MESSENGER! MESSENGER MESSES UP, SLOW DOWN MY PHONE! TAKE THAT AWAY! Seriously it went from 5 stars to 1 star because you changed messages to messenger. Facebook is already using to much of my space AND NOW you put messenger to f**k things up? Are you some type of idiot?
Best
bleady app on  phone
Why do I have to scroll through all my photos to select a few and all the albums are seperated? They need to be organised! Also there isn't an option to add the photos to a group which is just stupid.
More than half the time I use the app when I open it, it won't let me scroll or click on anything. I've forced stopped the app multiple times and still nothing. It's getting really annoying. Please fix. HTC one
I much prefer the older version. I hate not being able to refresh to the most recent. I know the most current posts from my friends aren't 5 hours old! Come on fix it!
Khurseed. Slam
Boom is cool
Best
Easy to maneuver
I want more fast
Why i have to get another app just to see my messages ?? Are u guys mad
Well
Ok application
Plz solve memory problm it consume lot of memory...
Ok
Full on Time Pass...
I like thz
Mytresy2000
Cool
This app is pointless without messaging!
Great
It takes too much space after the installation of app..
Medhane
Best of all
Error when playing the video. The app stopped when i trying to view the pics. Too much space. And now messenger. What the...
Not  bad
Good bt space,space it tyks a lot of space! Fix this so that we may not want to delete this coz I love it!
Doesn't get much better
Why did I update? I can't I ever see the most recent posts! I have the computer version set to "most recent" and even that is constantly and automatically reset to "top stories". I don't want to see what your computer algorithms think I want to see, just let me see the most recent posts like I ask!
It's a good app, I just hate how after I've been scrolling for a long time when I click a link or a video, after I go back the news feed goes back to the top and refreshes on its own rather than staying where I last was . It also takes too much space.
The app won't let me save the pictures. A couple days ago, it used to save without a problem. Fix it!!
Ok
N
Khan
Takes too much space...;(
Stupid app won't load my news feed. Says I don't have a data connection and I have four bars of LTE. This app sucks.
I love it so much
Rajendhar
I'm having such issues with this app. Messages disappearing. Not receiving notification from it. I've tried reinstalling I've tried sending reports to Facebook. Nothing helped
Good
For some weird reason the Facebook  notification sound is classed as "ringtone" in android and the volume is therefore not controllable through the notification volume setting, but through the ringtone volume. Please change that to notification.
Great
It takes up too much space I have to uninstall two things
Dihsh aap is best
The best app to stay informed
Wow
90Mb.
Low star to Protest against israel..need to boycott israel and it's companion...
Uploading is super....
pret
Make the default setting on the news feed "most recent"! It's so annoying to see old posts first. Also, I used to be able to remove myself from an event's guest list. Please bring back that feature.
This is the best
Like!!!
Cool superb
Its to easy to use and it's friendly.  super b app. To easy to upload photo and to tag also..... lovely app......
But downlod nhi ho raha hai
Owesoom
Nice
I love it
Facebook
While when it updated it take to much space out ur phone.
Awesome app for everyone. .
Good
Nice
I'm getting lag when trying to flip tabs at the top to news feed, sometimes I get a blank white screen and others it takes me a force close to get it to work a few times.
Much space why it has to be all that space
Facebook
WARNING, does not let you check your messages. No, you need a second "Facebook messenger" app coupled with this in order to do that!     Stop being horrible and be customer friendly. If you don't allow me to check my facebook messages using this app within a week, I will delete you! Promise x
simply loved it...it is simple to use and chat with your freinds...... GREAT
But not enough
O.bagus dapat cari rakan lama tak jumpa
It takes too much space it is 20mb but then it increases to 40mb stop this...
133
I cannot download it,,,,its showing error even when my net is going fine
Isabeltorrespartida
Can't see posts from pages
Sebab apa akaun aku kena block
Doesn't work properly
I spy with my little eye; your personaa data
I refuse to give more and more access to my "confidential" information. Plus, "send messages without permission" or viewing my SMS messages!? No thanks!!! Uninstalling.
The updated make it very bad
Layla
Lovely cooooollllll
high space facebook
To much room is being used I would give it 5 stars but I also like to be able to use other apps
I love being able to access Facebook on my phone instead of having to go online every time
You're taking up too much space and i can't even move the app to my sd card!!!! And now you want ub to add fb messenger??? You kidding me???? Gggrr!!! Plus you always update the up which makes the file more bigger. You're already taking 101MB.. I've uninstalled/installed the app for the nth tine just to lower the space you've eaten....
Good
Very slow app hanging very much 
Build a new app or a new version
Thanks
This app is taking up too much space on my phone to the point where I can't do anything else on it. Fix it, until then, I'm giving 1 star.
B
Ok
But cooool
It takes up to much space...65mb WHY
Same thing happened to me. I bought a lg phone with metro pcs. They told me i couldnt use facebook because facebook made some changes, now metro pcs users wont be able to use facebook.  Well, im a phone expert and a firefighte.  It now works. What i first had to do was log in on the internet. I changed my search engine from Google to Yahoo.
NyC App
Best ev e'er
Yay!!!!!
J
No bad
Facebook
Too much space make my phone so very slow
Instagram for pictures, twitter for statuses and now messanger for messages, what facebook become. Is this a newspaper app? 100mb is too much for newspaper
Too much space for it! When i first installed it its just 17mb and it became 45!! These is *!!
Superb
Nice app so good we can communicate other people thanks to FACEBOOK
Sometimes its so lag and forcing close
RoCkStaR...
Fine
Awesome ap pp
Ill give this more than one star when it shows most recent instead of top stories! Update 7/31/14, now the most recent option under more menu isnt working so im stuck with top stories news feed, I alread y saw all this crap yesterdat, FIX IT NOW!!!!!
More ads every day!  Less chances to view my chosen content.  Time to shop for a better app.
Tambah ruwet aja inbokan harus pake mesengger,bikin memory full aja
Nice but takes hell lot of space
Good
I would have given it a 5 but it is slow.
Very good
This app likes to randomly freeze on my phone. It just started happening recently. Restarting the app doesn't help. I don't live on Facebook so its not the end of the world but it is annoying when something you expect to work doesn't...
Love me
See above! Messenger is a separate app? No thanks
Why can't delete fb photos in my cell phone...so sad
Soooo nice
Not bad
I like app fb . Thanks
I like the new look, but it bugs me that I can't set my newsfeed permanently to 'most recent'.  I dislike the way facebook dictates what I see and when.
Hindi gumana ang version na ito sa phone ko.. so i uninstalled that app not really work too much space!! Im going to web version to use fb ugh..
New updates make it much useful. It wud be more good if developer update its installation to sd card so that phone memory cud be saved. Its 32.08mb on installation and raised upto 128.86mb. Pls make it moveable to sd card.Thanks.
Why does it need access to my texts?
I have to say its soon great!!!!!!!!!!! =)
Give sum different abdates
liked it. useful
No
It's doesn't  let me see other peoples video albums on Samsung  please  fix
Too much space required.

Every time I go to my friends profile it crushes PLS FIX!
It was bad enough when they took away the option to set the newsfeed to Most Recent and you had to go in every single time you signed in to change it. But today I sign in and I can't find the Most Recent setting at all?? Is it now permanently set to where all the stories posted are jumbled out of order instead of being able to see which post was posted last and in order? This is getting ridiculous. That makes this app useless now.
New updates make it much useful. It wud be more good if developer update its installation to sd card so that phone memory cud be saved. Its 22.38mb on installation and raised upto 128mb. Pls make it moveable to sd card.Thanks.
good for All to connect with each other's
Great !!!!! ^_^
i was out side and i was using it but the images would that very much time to load and we cant change any setting without WiFi
bakuwas download
Ram
No
I need a lite version of fb  app
Yeah yeah
Need to wait!
Love it
Love him
Don't use Facebook for god sake delete as soon as u can.Allah hu Akbar
Good app
I do not want to be forced to have messenger to get my messages. That should always be optional. I agree w/ the others why should updating this make the memory go up? I want to take away my five star rating.
Disgusting!!!!!
Adhj
Good, but blablabla...
Its good
Do
Lot's of repeated stories in news feed
It's ok but it have a problem
Atlist it's way superb
Lovely
Best
It's amazing
For an older version
It is very good app . It saves our data and most important our time . My Facebook account name is lovey bhawanigarh  anyone  who wants to be make my friend on Facebook he/she will send a friend request anytime I will always accept your friend request THANKS
Excellent
Its makes me happy as chat my friends anytime anywhere
Say its only 20mb and i downloaded it it becomes 98.1  ,but good good work,and pls fix
Best online very faster
Good
I'm having such issues with this app. Messages disappearing. Not receiving notification from it. I've tried reinstalling I've tried sending reports to Facebook. Nothing helped
Right when I thought your app couldn't move any slower, you proved me wrong. SMH!
K
loved itttttt.
It's my life!
May
Its a love hate kinda thing for me
Deleting.  The app does me no good without being able to view messages & I hate having messanger forced on me. Shouldn't need an app to do one job for an entire different app.
Bisa dipakai dimana-mana
224466
Cool
To much space
I hope this is have a background
Du
This is good app.
Loveeeeelyyyyyyy
It amazes me that a multi billion$ company cant make an app thats worth a s***! Constant force close... and whats with the 20 mb storage use that turns into 70 after installation and then 130 if you dont clear your cache every 2 hours. Its never failed that FB has never been able to make an app worth using.
facebook
Worse new update app ever
Its.relly nice apps....
Takes up way to much space
Too bad
It keeps crashing and hardly let's me see pictures anyone post or even they're profile pics...very frustrating that I have to keep uninstalling and installing just got it to work but now it just doesn't let me see the pics.. :(
Not only lacking features respect to the website but the messenger, already plenty of bugs, it's now a separate app that's just annoying. Time to uninstall.
Love f

Very nice aap connective aaplipcation
Shyam kumar das
Not bad
Fix the force close together with the messenger. Myphone rain2g! Will give you 5 star after! :)
Superb
Full star 5/5
Wow Facebook is perfect for time pass am using it from 3years great time pass excellent work..now 4years :)...amazing new update ha :)
I love my facebook life ...!!?      :">
Facebook
Excellent
Place to be
I started off just browsing facebook from the sidelines. Now i give out my FB. Page with my cell # anytime im trading info with a girl. Just call me facebooked.
Nice app
Awesome
It only caches about 20 posts and shows them to me over and over. I have to clear facebook cache every time I want to see new posts!
Super
It is stated there that it only needs 19.79MB to install. But after I installed this sh*t it consumed up to 70MB of space. WTF is that?!
Good app
Loved it
Excellent! Yeah..............
Too much space
Plase add a dislike button on Facebook app.
Sooooooooo gooooood
Super slow..
Bhadqao gandu bulla
Social networking
facebook
Liked it
I realy iike facebook
Good
Facebook is so amazing
Looking cool styles

Go
Like
Disliked it
Something that makes me  to talk with friends. But it's not just the messenger but it is a good entertainer.
Ok
Good job for you all!
Cannot installed into my phone . I'm using Lenovo a889 . please fixed in immediately !!!!!
I llove it so much
Wooo
I'm very interested in this
I don't know what i would do without Facebook. Great. Thank you
Good
This is a gud app but messenger laggs and don't give messages at proper time
Vip
I am not able to open  any videos . if i click on the video which i want to play it will directly close fb and goto home page. Please rectify the problem and fix it
Too much space.
Very smart webside
gudd
Okey facebook
gold star
Good
Every time i use this Useless App my phone freezes up.I use Chrome 90% Of the time.GPS for This App says i am in anothqer city 78 Miles away from CORRECT GPS.PLEASE FIX GPS .PLEASE FIX ALL BUGS.
Fast and excellent
Happy me
Having to use the messenger app separately is annoying. The only reason I'm not uninstalling the app is because I use it to keep in touch with friends who I will text now instead...
Updated to latest version and can't even open the app. My phone keeps saying there is a failure to load. FB was much better when streamlined. Please fix bugs.
Videos always say error, so it won't play and the news feed doesn't even show most recent statuses or anything, this app is starting to fail.
Too much fun
Majbut
The app is responsible for about 80% of my data. I believe it is because it auto plays videos in my feed. I dont get on fb that often for it to use that much data. Is there a way to keep the videos ppl post from playing automatically?
Fb already takes up a lot of space,  nownyounwant us to download another app just to get our messages? Its getting ridiculous fb
Nce app no need of browsers
Everybody know
I think facebook always require me to update it
Absolutely ridiculous I have to download a new app for messages. I don't need to go to 2 different places for Facebook and still have texting and emailing. Ain't nobody got time for that. Thanks a lot Facebook.
I want to ask you why the chat is not opening on facebook.... .i dont want to install messenger facebook...?! Where is the problem... please help me
After the update, it does not work at all.
cinta90
Pangit nito tawa pa more
Best of facebook
Nice
I think the size is too high and normally we can't update it too b'cos the size keep increasing,which is very bad.
teacher
Nice
It gets better and better :)
My phone says the app is up-to-date, but the layout isn't changed, I still have the old one, while on the phones of my friends, there is a new one. Please fix that and I'll rate 5.
Samaraweera5466
Someone stole my account & it was private! Now I don't know how to get it back. Facebook suck!
Love it
Excellent face book
pooja
great!
Gud
Vao dc facebook khong ngoi o nha tran qua di mat muon ket ban voi nhung nguoi ban cua tui tai facebook sao lai co nhung ban cua chi minh. minh ko muon co nhung  ban cua chi minh vao facebook minh

Younis
dhangadhi,kailali,nepal
Excellent
Uses up too much storage space, ram and battery! Its time they start working on optimizing these !!
Ok ok
I love it
Erna fe arguelles
lu
This take too much space
V
It takes like from 40-50 mb bad app
Great!!
Ok
Good app
Now, since the last update, when i link a few of my favorite contacts, their Facebook picture does not sync to my device.  This doesn't happen with everyone, and in the Facebook app, I see their picture, but my HTC One device can't see a picture for them when I link their Facebook account to the contact on my device.  Something is always wrong with this app...
love it
From all these reviews this space hog is getting worse and who wants messages moved to messenger ... Listen to the users FB !
Nice
App doesn't allow you to turn off chat. It's either on, or off when using the Facebook messenger app. Turning it off altogether is simply not a right the user has. Similarly, turning off message notifications is not possible, as they can only be disabled for 8 hours.
Connection
How made a face book
Yes it work real Good for me
It takes a large and increasing space of my phone's memory
Good
For me its SO OK!
Top
Gugud
Facebook means you can have friends and have fun its so cool
Like others have said, the size of this app has gotten absurd, it's constantly trying to run in the background (thank god for Greenify), and now I'm supposed to install another app to send messages? Go home Facebook, you're drunk.
Too much space>:(
Ali Raja
i have no choice coz among the app its the least that i can dload
It cool and fun and it works for me love it keep up the good work
Perfect...application....bodo gilo babi....
Worst app ever
Because you plan disable messages
Sucks cock
Loved it
So great
Love facebook but some things could be improved!
Gud
Love fb
Both alala app
Very good
Amazing !!!!!!!!
Bati cge hang
Keeps locking up. Have to shut down and reboot every couple minutes.
Can't download videos
Nice
Its too slow to get log in n also to get log out.
Good
Facebook
I cant open my facebook..
Pls reduce  the.  Memory after install
Very bad
Nice and tidy
Ok
Love it
Superb
very slow in data speed in galaxy s duos 2
Best.
latest update keeps crashing would give zero stars if possible
N
Sam
its awsome :))
excelent
Ali
Waoooooooooooo
Not an app for light phones .. Hangs my phone !
I luV it
Nice
excellent....
why i cant`n play the video
Best from Facebook
So fast when your going to download this app...
verrrrrrry excellent working
Good but Takes too much space
Reda
Nice app

This app is taking even too much space as it is, and now that it's switching the messages to yet another app, I'm going to uninstall it. Is your company ran by chimps?
i like this app because we  conect to our  friends any time
For my friend
Fantastic
Bobb
Taking too much memory 140 mb to fb apps downloaded 20 mb but it have today 140 mb
It say inufiicent space available but I have 155 mb in SD 99in internal plz give me answer
Too much space...
Never in my life have I battled this much to download facebook after the stupid upgrade on messenger.  Iv lost everything....good luck to rest downloading... I won't bother further .... sorry
Yeh their alright because it take so much space and I deleted my all games for this so pls don't download this
Cant set the privacy as "custom".. Please fix it as soon as possible .
Super
When I'm updating my status & I also choose to post who I am listening to, what I am watching, or what I'm reading, the options that are given are not up to date.      Today I was listening to 'Dirt' by Florida Georgia Line as well as 'We Are Tonight' by Billy Currington and neither songs were in the "listening to" list. I didn't have this trouble with my last two phones and my Facebook application doesn't show that it has an upgrade.. Hopefully it will upgrade soon!!
Izet Cakaj
Runs slow, keeps shutting down every time I open it...everytime there is a new update, I have to uninstall it first and then reinstall...let it be able to run off the sd card
Best
Why on earth would you force people to download another app in order to receive their messages? The current app is already massive and contains messages! Aso you are now no longer able to share something onto a friends wall, this option has been removed. The new layout isn't great, I can deal with it but it is an obvious attempt to be bold and different without any real consideration to the users. Get your act together Facebook, your app has been going downhill for the past 1-2 years!
This has become an unusable waste of my time. When it does load, the auto play videos can be horrific and i don't want to automatically watch them. It has become so clogged up with this and advertising that my S5 crashes on loading! I urge people to give this a miss, it upsets me, it upsets my phone and WILL upset you too!!!!!
App
So much......
Can u plz fix this....i can't go in facebook in the browser....so,this app is my only chance...sorry for bad english
zota teaw hoihtak inom ung guai thei kham thei tezang kei un
Good
Like
It'll be great if we could save any photo cause its annoying, everytime i want to save a photo i capture the screen and crop it but the quality of the pic isn't good enough... so please we want to save photos from posts to phone!!!
Better version
Too much space
Kadam
Nice
I am really starting to hate this f****** app! My last review stated about deleting my reviews. B4 that it was about HORRIBLE RANDOMLY REFRESHING... now... now your moving Facebook chat to messenger.... I DON'T WANT TO HAVE TO GET A NOT HER F****** APP DAMMIT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Excellent
I Really loved it

It hepls me alot... thanks :))
Can't even download the updated version. It takes forever to download and then it will say an error occurred! It's taking up too much space so I can't download the new updates! I'm also not doing the messenger thing, I don't care about that! Frustrating! Also, I don't want to see stuff from a week ago on my feed. Needs improvement for sure! Maybe the update is better but hey, I wouldn't know because I can't load it! It now constantly closes out on me
The new Facebook app drains your battery very bad in fact I think I am gonna change it from 3 stars to 2 stars because this app sucks do update web and drain the battery
Good
Nt cmng in tab
Compound keeper, 6mile.
I have no spaces for the apps that i want and the massages sometimes goes to messenger so i just want to uninstall it Sorry so if u can, can u make it a little bot space only?
Loose
Facebook you have some nerve forcing me on to messaging app for false reasons. Stop alienating your users. I'll just stop using your messages if I need to install yet another stupid app
I give 0 stars to this app.
im so happy its because have this so very fast and easy...
good app
I like it
Good
Making fool
Good app fb
Facebook is very good app and very good messenger I like Facebook
Best Way to update the status
The best app
Why this app make my s3 slow and freeze ...
Bulky
Jsiso
Wow beautiful app very good
I very bag
MADE IN INDIA
What is this? I cant update f.b..i have to uninstall my other apps..please do the needful as soon as possible.
After constant nagging from Facebook about it being less of a memory hog and being faster, I updated on a Galaxy S4. BIG mistake! It's slower than ever and the vast majority of the pics don't load. It would be an idea to have a roll back option. I can't wait for the mess they're gonna make when they separate Messages from Facebook.
Mk.sikanadar
It tells me installing error code "-24" any suggestions?
Protest against israel
Sharma
This app only takes about  40-50 me space other in built softwares take more than that
Takes up too much space but its decent.
Its realy love it
helpful app
Cycles good
Facebook for android
Awesome
This is nice but that aps improve little more
It should be 20 MB isn't it ? Why it increase ? Please..make it decrease
Do you love me
iss app ko aap kabhi download na kare agar ye 2MB ka hai to 20 MB kate ga
Cool
No
Nice Web
Wow nice app
Takes up wayyyyyyy to much space!!!
Every time I try and play videos on facebook that are posted it freezes and then fails. Please fix this problem.
love it ;)
Comment
Good app
Muito bom e util ate deixar de funcionar e dar erro de ligacao
Really convient and adictable!!!!!!!
U
Like
Really nice
Super
Yes on that works
Nce
Too much space needed for this app which , in no sense, lives up to its expectations! Makes the phone tooooo...slow! And even if you decide to live with that, you've just got a messed up news feed which shows 6 Days older posts at the top!     And what the hell is going on here? A heavy app already and you have to download a "Very fast" (Duhhh...) Messenger to get and recieve messages.    I'll just wait till the new update, and there's a strong possibility I'll uninstall it!!!
Waw  the very nice  the very good
Friendly use hahaha..
A separate app just for messages? I barely havr enough space for the Facebook app itself. Better off just using my browser for messages
HauqihaiBzbsus
Good
My memory is full...
vien
I updated the app so that I could turn off the notifications And tags on posts that I comment on but it's not working! What's the purpose of updating to be able to do this and it doesn't work!  Please fix this!
Love Kill my life
Good by
To much memory needed
Zahaida
Nice app for vella
Loved it
although I need to delete a apps. cause I only got a low memory usage. So .... Dude, its okay
This apps is very nice....i love play store......
People's choice
Too much space
Credit new
Best
I am very like this
It consume more than 40 mb. Please solve this issue. Make it lite.
Stop requiring us to install and use the f*cking messenger! You make our lives more complicated!!!!! The messenger is such a waste of time!!!!!
Yep,45 mb.thats a huge space,i cant afford that much space in my phone and it also sending msgs to messenger,why? Uninstalling is better
its the beatiful night aku suka main facebook
cool app
100 likes by my self
It's a great app except video can't be downloaded.
Not working my mobile please change
Not even worthy of one star, if I' m honest.  Why make top stories   priority when people are more interested in what's going on with their friends NOW? Badly thought out update,  and the layout isn't the best either.And now we're forced to install Messenger if we want to access our messages on the app?Also, when you post a comment on a page,  it often double posts and when you delete one, it deletes the other too. Unacceptable.  Very disappointed.
This app is very bad
Its taking very much Device's space
My massage now can't open must move to massager I don't like it take so much space ....it force to use massager, please don't blok my massage with asked get app massager!
It is really bad coz when I open the messages it jumps to messenger app...if I have to use messenger then why  should I open the Fb app ... fix it
Every few months now this app. Want to unsync my facebook contacts...Getting tierd of having to big and link it together.
Best online all people&
I willl rate it 5 stars once I can send a picture from the album that it's stored in . Instead of having to navigate through every single picture on my phone!
wowwww
Take lots of space
(y)
Have not updated this app on Galaxy 8.9 tab in awhile, due to high % of negative reviews. My 11-month-old version (5.0.0.26.31) seems semi-stable. However it still occasionally goes to black screen, videos won't play at all, it's missing several useful desktop features, you can't post a photo in a comment, you can't administer pages unless you install their other app, etc. If you haven't updated lately, DO NOT! Wait 'till a majority of reviews are more favorable, & useful features are added/restored.
Getting much better, pity the messenger app is dragging this app down
Awesome guys :))))
It needs more updates where are the devolpers
Everytime I try to open my news feed it closes
Keeps freezing and dsnt show most recent events first in news feed -tend to be all over the place. Everything worked perfect before I updated! !
sithu12345
Love all and help needfull
like all the people said. it way too much spaces to spend
Good
@ tymz itz working
excellent
This new version doesn't show who are online. Notifications are not up to date.
Attttt app
Dis is d best app ... ever
Would be better if you make them smaller. And the messages, don't move them.
I can't copy my friends status
I really love it!
Nice
Veru nic nic nic
Before last update I could watch videos, now it comes up error. Most videos are of my granddaughter, I'm not happy about what I am missing. Please fix the issue!!!
Kapg na install kuna 28mb pa after 1weak aabot cxa hanggang 160mb grave nakkainis lng
Its really annoying that Facebook requires users to install Messenger for chat
Norma
It's faster
I hope you could add another feature, one where we could just switch accounts. You see, I have 2 fb accounts for different people.
Force us to get the messenger ?! It doesn't even have an option to log out !!! I don't have privacy on my phone so I have to uninstall this ridiculous app each time when I am done with it or go to sleep . I don't care about faster messaging !!! GIVE US A CHOICE TO KEEP THE MESSAGES HOW THEY WERE OR DOWNLOAD THIS RIDICULOUS APP !!! And still the majority of people like this new app so I doubt Facebook gives a s*** about maybe a million users who hate it
Ok untuk hilangkan boring
good
I thought that i didnt need this App. But you do... Because i go on google takes to long :D. Snapchat me: Cookiemuffinzz
Or i wont be using any app instead i will go back to your mobile browser facebook. Thank you. Take smart decision, i dont got enough internal space for your craps
The slowest and most unstable app available for android
good
Love it.
This. <3
Every time I open Facebook it sends me to download candy crush
Take up more space remember 20 MB increases, when installed to 70 MB...  When their is an notification the the notification sound not ringing.... Pls fix it
This app is amazing
KwAnA di
Nice app
Loved
too ram uses
Awesome app it is
Dis app iz js awsm...!!
Too much space
I give 1 stars bc'z new version of facebook is too much bad.it's quite fast but the mcgs n notifications r not show on the time.plz fix it.n plz make it lite. N it's wants too much space plz make a lil bit low space. Horrible new version.
Amaizing
This app taking to much space
Im Updated My Facebook Application.Then Its Not Working Normally.
My massage now can't open must move to massager I don't like it take so much space ....it force to use massager!
Free palastine
Can no longer share posts to my page
Yap..
Has its ups and downs.
Thax
Keep everyone in touch :)
Uses lots of space !
i wish to can see other messages in App
Really fast
Well im using this and feel satisfied. But it takes too much space that occupy over160mb. Please reduce the space fb.
prof pro
To much space but not for me beacouse I have 32Gb memory card.        Haha
m not able to play videos....kindly fix it
ausome
Facebook
Whenever I try to install this app, an unknown error message comes forward.
it was 19.79 MB at the first installation, but then it takes more spaces, now it's over than 110 MB in my phone!
it takes my full ram
Can't turn off notifications
Improving a bit
Because of FB I can chat with my frnds !!!
As u scroll down the comments they appear twice
Too much space

Its slow nd boring there should be backgrounds .... this will make it more intresting ........
Its the best
;)
Wealthy
Good to excellant.
i can do whatever i want i know you read it hahahaha
this apps is sucks,much better the old version
Horribly slow. Crashed the first time opening after updating. Takes up way too much space. I don't care about top stories. I want most recent back on main newsfeed and the app just looks terrible I'm general.
Facebook
Crashing now on 4.4.2 android
The best facebook app
good
Awesome
Always asking me to force close it... and what? From 20mb to 30mb and the ff day... it's 45mb?!... too much space...
si cute sana more fan..
Bad
There are so many things wrong with this version , I don't even know where to begin! Disgraceful!
It is of 22 mb and takes the space upto 80 mb+
Bad bad.....
Daniel
We need more looks please
Thanks
Bow
Loved it
Goodjob
sithu12345

Why is it that in order for me to read or go to my messages I have to download a separate app. It's so stupid. I don't want to have to open a different app just to read or send messages. Besides the app usually stops and loads super slow
Face book
Plz download Facebook so I can use it.
Why the hell it keeps on force closing for no reason... i thought updates would fix it but its still the same... one star for this
Pakistan
Tooo gud yr..
Its a pretty good app
This app takes up way to much space just to used fb. It would be really great if this app needed less space and cool features like most recent needed option which keeps must recent at the top. Need more group managing options from app.  Faster upload. And why can't those really cool emoticons that's used in messager be used in our status update. That would be really cool.  And it sucks to have to have an 2nd app just to receive messages. What's all this space that's being used for if I can't get messages to
The more update, the more it make facebook app a worst app ever
AWESOME
Great App
App is awfull takes up very much space.it sucks. Facebook please improve this bitchin  thing bloody f**king app
Ok
Sucks
Ilove it
Like
When I hit share, I only get 3 options: share on my timeline, share on a friend's timeline, and share with a group. Why isn't there a way to share pictures or videos in a private message with friends?
Facebook doesn't allow me to play any videos for more than 25 seconds. Ridiculous
Nyc
Sooooooo nice to hv fb
Nice application
Wow
Its us myself everything player god jesus us ilove you so much lord jesus always amen ..
Nh
It's perfect for friend ship.
Very good
I lovee Facebook.! Its the BEST..!!
Very bad for space.
User friendly and a good tool for communication.
Nice app
nice
Love it
I don't want stupid messenger! And why is fb forcing me to get the messenger app! Going to uninstall
Dip
Its stupid the app way to much space
hello
there is no space in my mobile to install that messenger...and its not showing my messages in this app and suggesting messenger....just go to hell....dats y i uninstalled
Loved it
Good
Its weird cause i have 280 MB left on my phone and when i was trying to update it , and it kept saying there is insufficent space in your device. How much does this app really take?????
Toooooo good bros
Like
Great social app

I am not happy about being forced to do things that I don't want or need.
Hurry
Kay thi
good
I'm please to meet you
SO DISAPPOINTED. I can't message in Facebook app anymore it keep showing 'install messenger' and there is no button to refuse this, the only button is install. We have the right to choose what app we want to use don't force it on us. This used to be very very useful to me it is so important you won't understand.... pls read our opinions.
Great
Love it
Facebook
Facebook starting to suck. Now I'm logged out & it's asking for account confirmation it's never been a problem before
ang daming space na nakukuha sa cellphone ko :(
Now my face just like irrating app.because unable to work fast and not work stable.any time app in force close.say fix bug to app developer.old verson are good but now wasteeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee.
Fb is sooo slow and it takes up so much space on my phone. At the moment after an update it wont even open
Facebook
Pp
Kollam. .tharakedilla. ..koode koode angottum pokilla ingottum pokilla avde thanne nilkum. .
A breeze for my android phone
Hate this app!!
Facebook
The system is nice and fast
Photos are not loading please fix this bug
Ok
I don't like to use messenger . using only facebook is sufficient for my need. why it suggests to install messenger ?
No need to install mssnger but if forced...in tht case m going to uninstall..otherwise its 5star. App
The best
Cool
Turrible
Hello
Nice app and friendly use.
Nice
Whenever New stories are 10+ I can't like or share anything
Still dealing with the dreaded news feed issues, now you tell me I'm required to download another app if I want my messages.  For as much space as this app takes, it should do everything.  Takes up 164mb today, I have to constantly delete data so I can use my phone.  Seriously thinking about deleting this app if it doesn't get better
Best online all people&
There are too many unnecessary options like moving all the messages to a separate app. Also facebook doesn't sync well with other third party apps.
Never download is app because its israyali
Rte
I started using in 2009
Good
Majeed
Very good
Facebook is really nice I think everyone knows it

Like
I was doing something on my phone when all of a sudden my phone overheats and it says i have no more space available. So i check what is taking up so much space and Facebook is over 22 mb! Make the app smaller for 5 stars.
I would give it 5 stars if it took up less space other then that its ok plz fix this app to where it takes up less space plz.
Full of bullshit.. What did u do to this app. It's sucks in new version. When I scrolling to watch photos it is suddenly close. And u had put status bar in bottom. It's really annoying. Please do something.
Faster and better
Like it
Plz tell how i clear facebook data from phone???? Its make my ph. Slower and hang prob. Too
Good
It just like Me..
I will give you 5 stars when you fix the chat !! It always say download messenger app. !! I don't know why !! Fix this problem please !! Then i will give you 5 stars
Hy it takes toooo much spaceeee...I gav u 1 star nust because it take a lot of space...nd its lay out is justt horribleee...!!!!...plZ just changeeee...!!..thnk yeW..!
The widget is gone. The messenger is separated causing need for ANOTHER app. It wasn't broken so why did you "fix" it. Go back to previous design
Good
faec book
I Love It Its A GOOD APP
Good-----
Wazid
Loving it....
why block sms  and refar to download massegar ???? bloody business idea
Ye app update nahi hoti m kam se kam 20 baar try kr chuka hu or 300 mb net khrch kr chuka hu kabhi 15 mb hoti h kabhi 18 to kabhi 12 or fir dwnloading paush ho jati h i hate this app

This is bad version stucks while using app..old version is good..
i loved it
It is awesome I can't live my life without it
Woowww
Always not responding...I'm watching a clip or browsing...closing without notice!
Very sad
5 star's Creditor
Nvr bttr
Its addictive an takes up like 200mb when it clearly says 20mb makes everything super slow
Its an amazing messaging system
I hate that it's takes soo much room on my phone i can't do anything really on my phone.. Sucks
Takes a lot of space
Its too slow and freezes alot please update now
Excellent
khan mum
Supper I like this
Plzz add to copy and paste.the text writing
AJAY KUMAR
i cant turn my album's audience into "public" from "only me" in this application
Asw
Poor too much space requed
It's nice
Good
Add a search function in the group's and it would almost be perfect. At least 4 stars.
This app is really glitchy and not very reliable.
There should be a feature in whi ch the post comments with high likes are featured in the comment panel/bar...
I think this software is good but too much space
52333
Ausome i like it
Facebook
Problem
I hate how I can't get my messages without having to install fb messenger I dont want all these apps
Awesum
good
Hajira Babu
I like it
Amazing!!! But hoping that i can suggest friends to my other friends just like in pc's facebook..
Please support Samsung galaxy mega 5.8 for Facebook home
Very good app
Faster
cant save image in pm.
Good app.
Un installed because of constant vibe notices from Facebook.  Have on another device that has full mute.
f(u)c(k)
DHEERA THANK YOU AGAIN
Once we open a image or a post and if we go back to main page it reloads and reinitialise from beginning of page instead loading from the post I am browsing! Sucks!  Irritates !
My life is Facebook
its a grate chatting site
I love it
Cant load events n settings faster evertime says unknown error
:/
Boo
Why its so slow and everytime i open my account it hang up .. Can you please fix it .
Boleh bercerita
Good for finding a Milf to fuck!
Stocksadrinna
Fantastic
Videos so not work anymore keep stopping half way thru please sort it out
mere mobile me kyu nhi chal rha h
Good
This aap takes to much space. ........ nd slow process it takes time to send photo or update status.....
Need recent feed BACK please!!!!
Excellent
Any post,  it says is done 'Just now', quite irritating. Pls fix this. Btw I use Duos 2.
Its great all people says its great but why is sometimes not responding
Good very good
Anil kumat bihat
Yokwe aolep
Well done
Famous app use it
Good
Good
Good
Nice apps
Great
Good ke it up
When i'm doing something this app offers facebook messenger. This app is just around 20mb when being downloaded but after getting download it becomes around 50-75 mb
Nadeem112233
My phone is running out of space dur to this
I like facebook
Its pretty cool no complaints here
Would
Its slow aap
Its nice
Good application
Yes this is it all I was looking for
Iloveit<3
Too much space
I do not like this app as it tooks lot of space n make phone very slow
-_-
Good
Nice facebook
069607693
Wonderful
It looks wow may you continue the good work
Consumes so much memory
Wonderful
Why does it increase to 45 all of my memory is gone so i cant download the apps i want
I dont want to install another app. You are space hogs on my device I have to use for communication. Infact you are making my communication worse but making me install another app I have to switch to when I am on the facebook just to send a message when I could have done it all in one place.
It tells me installing error code "-24" any suggestions?
Good
I keep getting "trouble loading news feed" messages when I have full 4G bars or connected to WiFi. It's starting to get annoying.
i FUCKIN hate that it always ask to download stupid messager app. Wtf
I love to have new simply and stylish blue... Make it please.
Dinabandhu
Iloveit
Than tamang
Nic3 features but freezes.
Facebook is the best :)
Excellent
Facebook is already unformately stopped
bkit di aqo mkpgdownlod ng apps na ito...
Not Responding and Force Close!!!!!
Insufficient storage
Good
Awesome
Good
Good
Besty life
Fb
App is great but it takes up over 40MB on your phone.  No longer free since I now have to purchase more data to use it. Bummer.
love it!
Very poor
Stop spamming me with popups to get the Messenger app! I don't want it! I've downloaded the thing 3 times and deleted it each time because it doesn't work as well as the version provided in this app. It's ridiculous and inconvenient to have to switch apps just to access my messages, I get double notifications, and Messenger doesn't let me put text with picture messages anymore (unlike this app). The popups are making this app unusable, and uninstalling isn't fixing it. Stop it.
W
This app takes up so much memory and there are constant updates for it. With all the "updates" I don't see an improvement. Videos still freeze, and God forbid you want to have any other apps. There's just no space with the amount of memory FB requires. Ridiculous that I have to uninstall other apps to clear space for it.
Very very good
just lost 3 stars
This is an app whch is imp in our daily lyf 
good
New app update is awesome. Just like ios.
terbaik tpi napa lmbat btul
nice.
Is it me or Facebook updates getting gayer and gayer? Oh well still gonna give it 5stars must be hard to keep everyone on track
Very good
Good speed
I love facebook
if i clear data facebook apps is 20mb then after i use a week facebook is going to 140mb something
While trying to view pictures on my htc thunderbolt it sometimes forcecloses and I sometimes can't even load a picture to view... It's pretty iffy
Loading too too late
mohsin
Takes too much space, constantly asks to install messanger and I am always ONLINE. What is the use of the button chat on/off if I am online either way??
Very slow...i uninstall...very very bad...also to much space....
Gud
Its nice
Good
not123456
OK
Poor
zte
Koooox  n ooiico
Do you make me to take messenger to see my messages ? You scums , i don t like messenger , i can t log out from him , he eats alot of ram , and i don t like to stay all the time online
Mondal
As everyone has pointed out... this app now takes up so much space. This problem needs to be fixed.
Jb b koi status update krna ho to error ya pir crush ho k back ho jati hy application ,, soooo sad 
Facebook
It OK for phones but when I use it on my tablet its just stretched out so I have to use it in portrait mode. Please make a tablet version like you did with the iPad. Then I will give you 5 stars.
Im blocked by every one wen i try to like a pic its says blocked even people idk wtf?? Please fix now!!
Just because I can't go any lower. This app is the worse so far. It doesn't allow me to do nothing. I try to do the same as jn the computer and I can't. It just makes it look like you have the same ability but its a lie. Takes too much space, and it doesn't do nothing. 125mb? Really? Plus it doesn't show my news feed correctly. It SUCKS
Now its easy for me to get everything easily.
Won't get the messager app off my Facebook message
Awsome  download h
it is very good app in the store do i gave it 5 star
I loved it fab
J
The best
This app is now MASSIVE and yet seems to be worse with each update. Constantly have to clear the cache for it to even work properly. Very disillusioned. How can such a big name get the app so wrong?? And do they even LISTEN???
Edited my comment. It's now 90Mb when fully installed?  And it lags like hell.
Good
Like it...but....using the fb app middle it was showing that install fb messanger..chat was not opening until installing the messenger app..I don't like...plz do...Some thing
Very nice
Nice
these features are not available on phone app....please revamp the app soon or the ratings will fall down on a steep slope
it s a chuthiya aap .        18mb.....???  this is a big madarchod aap in world
Great
Love it to bist
Excellent Like Muy Bien....
This is very good softwere
Facebook my best app
nice
Why is this?
Bien
Very poor at stating
Good
Its faster nd easier wen u  have it. Its less wait nd faster usage nd keeping in touch with fam bam
Haseeb
Second best app ever after twitter
vry gud

Crashes whenever I try to scroll down in the news feed
Superb
Too much space
Okay
Should be able to "appear offline" and when is it going to come out with bubble chats? Can you add these?:) would like to use bubble chats without having to use messenger.
Because its not running properly in my s2
No one cares enough about Facebook to use this much space.
I'm not sure if it is the app or my phone but sometimes it takes ages to load pages, apart from that it is fantastic :)
This application i don't think is ment in the end for a phone. People want it to be because people want to stay in touch and see what people are doing. But it is ment for a computer. This has to be the worst idea Facebook has tried to come up with. Facebook is like xbox live. There is slot of updates. You can't put xbox live on your phone. I think they either to trash the idea or fix it for good and stop the updates because it is going to keep getting bigger, the tech. and storage space canT kep up
F you, Zukerbuker and your msngr. I am really tired of your s**t!
Dear Facebook please save my ram & internal memory
Not sure why you guys release this version. It is even worse than the older one.
Excellent
It's awesome
Best app for facebook
Its a cool apps
Conecting frnd  relative
Excellent
Occupying more memory
Floral sales & svc
Good apps is for the best
so too much mb please can be 15mb cuz im running out my storage and sd card memry for the faceboo and facebook massenger
Excellent app..tq
Its a joke! Nobody cares to hear what you do all day! Come back to the real world. And stop lying!
2 stars for taking more space. Bt i like the app
Best
it takes a lot of space at the same time operates slowly and sometimes it refuses to login,it is so boring can't give it 5 star whilst you are doing nothing about our complains to fixing this thing.
Please add an option yo copy text from the feeds.
I love u nikka fereshteh gardoce
Veryyyyyyyy goood
Gud
need improve in slow conection
It's so bad to moved on messenger, i dont like this. Please remove it, otherwise it may be uninstalled.
I can't install on phone takes up to much space very dumb oh well guess I don't need Facebook anymore
Asif
Like it
Had to uninstall because it takes up to much space and was making my phone slow. Also did not want to install the messenger app.
Uninstall .
Works very well
Good
Gooooooooooooooooood
Okay first off what is yalls reason to think about this new app thing so I can get my messages . Like wtf ? I I am not trying to disrespect yall but like really fb already uses so much space now I have to get a new app just to get my messages ? Like ehhh no! fix !
Plz add notification badges for micromax mobiles ....specially micromax juice A177
The upgrades seems useless and pointless. When I press a command button on the app it takes me almost 3 times to press for it to do what I asked it to do.
There is always an error !
Nothing to say
Keep the posts in chronological order not this mixed up bull crap you do
Nice app
Oolaaala
Good Improvements... :)
Good
When I downloaded the app it worked fine for 2 weeks, then it only slowed my phone to that of watching paInt dry. What should have been less then 40mb for an app was 168mb. Now you want me to download a second app just to recieve messages,. . . . . DELETED what a waste.
Nize

Rupendra chimadi
Everything is good but always crash when play video on my tab 2
awesome
I can't load news feed, comment, seeing posts, etc when I open this app after long time. It just running normal when the first opening, when I turn the data traffic on. After a long time, it's not loading again. Is there any mistake of my internet setting? Note: running smooth when in wi-fi connection.
Whenever I click on anything that takes me to another page it reloads the news feed and starts me back at the top
I love This App and Have it For almost An Year... When I downloaded it it was 19MB but After Few Days it Enlarges to About 139MB .which is Ridiculous.. And same Happens With the Messenger App also in my phone its Current Size is 80MB. Can Facebook Stop Eating My Phones Memory???
When I am trying to watch videos the phone becoming not response.
Awesome...
The best thing ever and the coolest thing ever
Love it but too much space so may uninstall better
But it now accuire more space than before
I loved Facebook app fastest uploading photos and videos resive massages and likes
Still the wave of the future populous control.
Needs improvement.  And. No.  Not daily app updates that have no change log and do not add functionality; those aren't helpful either.  And no, taking away functionality (private messaging) is even worse.  Poor development progression.
very fast
Fb.
Everyone wants most recent story as the main feed. Use common sense and bring it back to that. You suck Facebook!!
bhims
one of the best apps and is easily available everywhere :)
Bru
I like that thankful.
I like it.
Facebook is awesome if it didn't keep kicking me off and saying that there's and error. pshh Ill just go online if I want to so it could stop kicking me off.!!! fix or I uninstall.!!!
Very very Good
I suggest to be able choose what people can and cant view the post, even I choose custom I can't choose who can see and who can't see it. Another thing is I hope sharing post can be share via fb message too instead of just sharing in other people timeline. Thankq
Floods your internal storage
Forces closed alot
I love facebook....
Ghanta
This application is not good for Q Mobil A-20
XD
walao er
Takes too much space
No settings for custom viewer of status messages or posts.
it is very useful for friends
Its tooo slow... Dis is d 26th time m reinstalling dis app.. Y dont u fix dis prblm? It nvr.get installed at once aftr getin downloaded.. It gets deltd once my phn get swtch off.. Fed up of installing dis aap.. I dnt nid is app.. Its btr to chck my fb frm browser!!! #plz fix dis prblm asap !!
Cant load videos or pictures, stays stuck on my phone.
Much better over the months. Keep up the good work.
The Best of The Best.
Videos start playing and always cut off saying 'error, video could not be played', newsfeed shows posts from weeks ago, messages in a seperate app, absolutely terrible
Word yo!!
Does not instal it is a suck app
Dift
The app consumes almost 100 mb of my phone memory, also it makes the phone little slower and drains battery very fast, although there is an update to the app almost every week still the problem persists, please introduce an option to move the app to internal storage like the "Facebook Messanger" ...
Every since I got the Facebook app  I never experience another  borinng day ever in my life ! Totally cool in every way.
I like it
Good
Because there's no way to disable notifications and I'm forced to install the messenger application, I'm dumping the android application in favor of the mobile site. Facebook, you are not the center of my social life. Never have been. Never will be. Go visit Hades! Permanently!
Whatt
Harrami Behanchod messanger kyu ghusa rehe ho jabardasti bhadwo,Prob not shown correct onln frnd.
s duos
Waste of time
Amazing site for making new frndzz
This very good app for using fb fastly upload any thing
Good
3 days ago I woke up and the Facebook app was "not installed" but the icon was still there. Tried to download the app here in the app store and got "error 110" WTF? I have sent emails to the app developer but to no avail ... THIS IS GARBAGE!!!! #Note3
Good
sye menyukai facebook krane dpt menghibur kn hti sye
Nimfa cardosa
So nothing has really change with this new update. My have a update where it shows new status
Good morning
Disappointing & consumes a lot of space. What happened?
I have a note 3 and I keep on getting kicked off the app every time I open the app
What's the point of it going faster and wasting more of your space to get messenger I can't talk to my friends no more im so mad
To much space
However getting too much memory
Don't listen to these idiots its a facebook app if it doesn't work its because of what phone and service u have!!!
Lots of freezing or it just kicks me out. Always get a 'force close' msg. Limited access to things u can do/change. It's an app so it's quicker to get to with a tap of the screen.
this app is no app really it is a Facebook only browser,  now they moved messages and will en up using 100mb in Facebook + messages plus 50 or so more if we use the pages app... 100mb or more this is ridiculous gonna go look for options
very excellent
I provdof you loved it
Help me keep in touch with family
Tess
Great
It wont let me post my statuses and i need my old app back... smh
Very nice...
Good
Works great. Easy to post, tag and locate. Thanks. Please fix: search options via city, state, or country. And messanger is not accessable through message button.
Good
Leyla paria
Kept up the good works
Janaka
Its draining tooo much space.after update its took more space than ever....fix this...
Its realy very gud app according to me but watsapp is much better then facebook
Awesome
There is a whole other world besides ipad, it's called Android. Get your software together and include Android user's.
Its easier & faster.
Love the app
Upcoming update forces both iPhone and Android users to use Facebook messenger. Goodbye Facebook application.
Since i used this application.. it quite good.. n i love it..
Gives 'error saving the photo' while trying to save one to device. Fuckin fix it.
Nice
But I dont like when its slidrs and the chat thingy is on the way all the time so I kinfa like facebook
yday i download facebook dont get today i download can because my father fon at home
Nice
Thanks to you guys I can't get ims from friends on Facebook cause your stupid message app won't download

Facebook is very good application.
Exalent
Too much space.
Ok
Nys app
Like
Worked for a while alright despite Facebook's tendencies to post ads as status updates and suggest its mobile Messenger app every time I switched to Facebook chat. Woke up one morning, though, to find that it simply refused to switch to the message portion of its app, suggesting its Messenger app in a way that disallowed me from continuing without downloading it. Like they'd removed the whole thing entirely without the other app. **TL;DR, Decent for Facebook but incomplete functionality**
emang bgus
It is very nice
It's OK
It sucks now
I Loved
New version Frequent crash!!
Nice and good
Nice j
OK
Juanita
Terbaik
Can you please fix this last update I can not play any videos posted on Facebook. It's very annoying. Thank you.
after all the ads asking me to get the messenger, i finally got it, im really impressed, but now its high time you guys reduce the space taken up by this app.. make it awesome i'll give 5 stars!
ITs always force stop..
This apps new virsion is faster smarter batter....
i cant even launch from launcher
Games are not working , I had four of a kind in holdem and won all in and never got challange credit, allso not given chips in slots today .. whats up bf
Bish whet<3
My problem is that i list a family member and it shows (Pending) when they confirmed it... Pls fixs
Rajih
Every time that I open up my comments a date of Dec 31 1969 pops up.. no profile pic.. no name.. not even a real comment.. just has the date of Dec 31 1969 and it's really creeping me out.. secondly the app is really slow even on Wi-Fi! Takes up wayyy to much space... [Samsung galaxy S2] please fix..
Loading times can be slow at times.
It's always closing me out the app need to fix that cause it being a problem...then I rate it better.
Need to improve more on chatting
Gucci
It takes too much space in my phone... I have h phone... not a room to download these typ of apps which using upto 50 mb of space. :-(
Nothimg
When i want to message to my friend,this app force me to download facebook messagers!I don't want to download facebook messagers!
beacouse i can talk to my family
Good n easy
Now you have to have the Facebook messenger app to.. That's two apps using a lot of memory space and data.. Plus you can't log off of the messenger app.. So sticking to mobile web site or desktop site uninstalling
Greatt
Awesome but takes up to much space!
Luckily people like myself who have a custom ROM which has app ops or some other form of application allowing us to customize permissions are safe but many other people aren't, people who don't know what root or customs ROMs are. Please fix your permissions.
Takes too much space, plus u need messenger app also to get messages.
Om
This app takes up a lot of space, shuts down on its own, and now its trying to force to to download a messaging app that I don't want. I also reallyyyy don't like that videos play automatically in my news feed. It uses data I don't want to use. But when its working correctly, its great. Idk. Its fb.
Soon good.........
Messes up to much
No crashes and everything posts pretty fast.
Show wounder of friendship
On the last update it wouldn't even open. It would stay on the blue loading screen and it messed up other apps as well
Please fix the space problem...occupies huge phone memory.The setup is around 20mb after installing goes up to 50mb.
wassup boo
How dare you assume people want your messenget and give them no choice.
Chowdhury
Great app.
Good
Kikilu nas kikilu
Like a dislike button or even to block invites for games.
One thing that i hate on this android version is -page auto refresh-. When you scrolling down on your group page to see some news or anything it will refresh automaticly. And back to the up. So i must scroll again and again.  never found this little problem on facebook desktop. Open fb on the another browser with desktop mode it's the only solution. If you can (of course you can) fix it .i give absolutely 5 stars.
Cool luv this

Great app
This is the best and easy app for using the Facebook.This have a good look also and good features.
En general cumple pero es bastante lenta la aplicacion, se cierra sola, etc.
When I downloaded it it said 20mb noe its 105mb
This app takes up wayyyy to much space on my phone
Facebook
11MB  this is insane  it got to be so great  other wise will kill ya
Use Facebook every other day I'd like to see a notification for every time someone follows you as i don't understand that at all and i have to go deep into my profile just to find out if i have a new follower or not
Amazing
Live
I like this app
:-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-):-) :-) :-)
Why are you making me install another stupid app. Its a waste of memory and its a hassle to go between apps. So whoever thought of this terrible idea should get fired
Too Much Space.
Good app h fb
better to check fb from uc mini
Takes up too much space and is constantly freezing. Also now makes you have to download a different app just to see your messages.
Horrible decision to force users to use messenger.
Why can't i download pics ftom my own page to my phone???????? I'm signed in...it's my page...it's my phone...this is crap!!!
Now it's really getting in my nerves every time it says not responding from time to time! please work on this! ;(
Good
I cant see what im posting. I cant go on anybodys profile bc EVERYTHING is black. I cant see anything at all unless im on my newsfeed. So why is that?
Please let us check messages in our other folder. I hate having to go to my laptop to do that!
Great
They are the Brady Bunch
Awesome app ...           !
It's just took too much space on my phone, and now it's almost fill up all my available space although I don't install anything. And now it's about force me install another app for messages and it might make my phone slower and get dumb.
Good ap
Love it
They won't show messages till you get the messager app for it.
All very helpful
I can't make custom for brivacy of any post from this app, I can't get the link of any page on this app , can't do most of settings ! That make me don't depend on it 100% !
Good
In app messaging please.
I like it this is the beast Facebook ever.
Good but not that good
r.ronaldo
I want current posts!! Not yesterday's or last week. Even when you hit newsfeed its old.
It seems that every time I open it on my Samsung tab it never opens correctly and either refuses to uppdate the timeline or refuses to load pictures. Before, a restart as required to fix it but now even that isn't working. I'm quite bummed.
Everybody's love FB
I don't know why it still sucks
I hate it!
I love fb.  Great way to meet good friends. However now its taking up more space.   It keeps changing things just wen you get use to it.  Than changes again.  Up to 40. Come on now. To much space. I'm on a phone
It wont let me get in and it takes forever to load i'm better of on the web
Just love the ease of the app!
This app just sucks monkey balls
S9
Can't make recent feed as my default feed.
It doesn't let me download it it says error could not download
1. Make most recent news default feed; 2. Making me install Facebook messenger
I like cause get a lot friends all over country.
It's ok
It can communicate people throughout the world.
Tem um bom layout, muito bonito graficamemte e r¨¢pido, o problema ¨¦ que necessita de muita mem¨®ria quando logado e meu smartphone possui pouca mem¨®ria.
:-)
I DON'T WANT MESSENGER.. STOP FORCING IT ON ME.  Facebook is a huge file by itself, i can't get ANOTHER app just to talk to people, that's what Facebook is for..
Westport
The new update constantly crashes and is making all my other apps crash!!
It never works right. Won't let me post pics on comments.
Requiring yet another app? BS just to increase ad revenue.
I been with this app for 5 years in a row and now u decide to separate the messaging part from the real app
I don't like the updated version it kicked me out of my account,  and I'm still not able to login!!!
Not a very good app yet
Just like everyone else...takes up too much space
Error login ..!..
The app uses so much data and takes up so much room. Also the top story thing. Do not want to download messager app
Facebook
Won't let me play videos and too much space. Everything else is great
TOO MUCH FUN.
I loved the Facebook application bcoz I check my msj ..frnd req..events. ..an more
Great....
Great app but need a little bit of work.  Great job.

Happy
Good
sabri memang hensem
Love it  it's fun informational and you can keep in touch with family and friends I really do love facebook
Ek numbr
Hate, hate, hate the new update! It looks so simple but yet it's so much harder to use! Pictures take forever to load, screens lock up. Won't sync with contacts. Can delete comments only sometimes. Trouble uploading pictures and changing profile pictures. Droid 2 Verizon
Maybe FB is trying to be how Yahoo was in its heyday. What alternate apps are you using that lets you see what you want from FB?
Pp
When I load facebook it loads and then freezes then kicks me off .please fix.I just done the new update.I have done the second update. Same thing.
Game Hv
Good
Too much space
Just want to download photos on fb from my gadgets lol XD
:)
Veri nice
I want to copy the posts but l dont know
Tu
great
Very nice
Better than older and nice 
Sweet
Facebook
Worst
Love the UI and works just great!
I like the verison before you guys updated it. Sorry!! Please fix this issue. It wont let me install the app because it takes up too much space!! I have a Samsung Galaxy Centura and I can't get this app to work/download. Please fix!!
Ram
Your pretty good.
No more "top stories"
Why do I need to upload a messanger app? Why when I finish a video and hit the back button, my newsfeed starts over? Why can't I leave off where I started like I used to? Why does Facebook seem to be more about politics now than it does about fun interactions like it used to be? It's no longer enjoyable. It's a headache. Why is that?
I like Facebook. Friends. Amigos.
It very fun to use and I Love it cause you can post status pictures.
Way too slow and takes up too much memory. It crashes all the time. I just use the computer or my Dolphin browser.
A great way to keep up work family and friends. Especially the ones that don't live close by.
This happens alot anymore. So far it hasn't been responding for 3 hours. If this could be fixed I'd give it 5 stars.
I have the latest download and its just as bad as the last..constantly freezes up and freezes my phone...its pretty obvious a lot if people are complaining of the same issue...fix it cause its a POS app!
Keeps forclosing!! Plz fix!
Eating my battery like nothing had eat for days.... force stop not works... pls fix run automatically in background......
It became very slow and won't show my messages, news feed or anything anymore. It's also making my phone very slow and mess up.
Your updates are too unnecessary. Give the user back control of their feed & trim the size of this monster & I might update. Until then, version 7.0 it is.
Never lose your pass word it is too hard 2 replace
This app takes up WAY too much memory on my phone. Plz fix. Other than that good app just don't like the Messenger thing.
4 i give you a for because it takes too much to download thanks
Super
I am learning!!!
Fb world Fb this is a great app that I m using 6 to 7 years the world of words meadia
Good
I like it
This is nice
I can tag and invite frnds for like my page extra fast.....
BHASKAR REDDY
Zig
Has problems like most recent feed is never recent
Good
The app occupies alots of ram and  sapace
nice
Better than it used to be. Pictures still load slower than they should... But overall the app crashes seem to have vanished and easy access to comments and chat boxes is nice
Ramlal
Luv luv luv it
Easy
Why don't you reply admin...??? When people r worried about space to be taken by this app....is there any solution. ...?
Cool
I like it
Awesome app
It drains my phone battery and makes my phone hot since the last update.
Love it!
Thanks for fixing the bug !
Now I really uninstalled this app from my android
Awesome
Facebook responses way too slow now when you forced me to install your messenger just to check msgs from fb. Fb closes more often now than before. Plus your messenger thingy does the opposite of making fb msgs to be seen and read and be notified faster. Plus it consumes lots of space. It sucks. If that's the case, i better uninstall these apps and just use the web browser instead to check my fb and msgs.
Facebook
All picture couldn't load. Slow!
Take 3 GB of my phone
I had this app before and from 22mb it even became up to 105mb !!! It took all my storage space! So I uninstalled. Now Im giving it a chance to install it again, I made sure I have enough space for 22mb for install but it keeps saying it can't because of insufficient storage available!  It makes no sense, I have over 100mb available and it says I don't?  Please fix this app, I used to enjoy it before.
Forcing me to download a separate app just to use a service the old app did just fine? Yeah, no, I'm out Facebook, uninstalling you and deleting my profile.
I miss him
Good
Nice app
Why does it take up so much space? First 19 mb then I updated it. Now it's 45 mb??? :/
I really loved this app .... :)
Working great
I really enjoy Facebook and socializing with friends but the app takes up to 70 MB !!! At one point it was 122 MB!!! FIX AND I WILL RATE 5 STARS!!!!!
There's only so much you can do with this app. It's pretty good.
I wish Facebook wouldn't take too much space on my phone. I won't be able to download other apps.
when i downloaded messenger it wouldnt let me message again through facebook and it would freeze when i clicked on respond on the facebook chat i wonder why.
L
Before the last couple of updates I could exit Facebook and continue where I left off scrolling. Now any time I exit and even in the middle of scrolling it automatically brings me to the top of the news feed.
whats the effin problem of facebook?! after I watched  videos from facebook it automatically closed >_< this happened after I update the new facebook. I hope it will fix soon. Im so disappointed with this.
Great dude cooolll
Worthless why should I have to have two apps for the same thing Facebook app and messenger app
I really don't want to DL another app just to get messages that were already working fine in the existing app.  At least give us the option to stay with one app.  Very annoying development.
not installing
Luv it
I give 2* bcz facebook massenger is very slow. Eror loding news feed.
Facebook you just doing such a great job, here is 4 Stars, But we need a " Dislike" Button
Sometimes when I click on a video to play it..I can hear the sound but the video doesn't work...
U shouldn't have to Install another app there is no reason 4 it one app should do it all and bring back latest or most recent stories not just top stories this app keeps getting worse if it doesnt get fixed or u have to install app just to view msgs I will be uninstalling and switch to Twitter good bye fb
Dont download this app.
love it
This app is too gud but it tks a lot space pls fix it
Won't update sometimes, and tends to freeze. Plus, it takes up way to much space!!! I can't download anything else after installing this. Even AFTER I deleted so much I'm order to download this alone. Not to mention I'm suppose to be able to see my messages but cannot because I do not have messenger..
Facebook, I shall be logging in less each day, horrible choice.
I love Facebook it basically my life be sides outside
It's useful to me and my family
hamzavellam
amazin
Great
By 2-E
Very Good .
I am only keep this app for message my friends this app is only made for chating not for calls for calls skype and tango is better
Esta bien la aplicacacion es muy pesada y consume mucho espacio
Takes up way to much space!!! Not worth it. I can get my messages an easier way. UNINSTALL
Haven't had any problems. works great on my Galaxy S4!
i cant no longer mentioning people,except friends..and pls put reply to comment feature
Its a nice app users u can also download it  By downloading it we can meets ur frnds
Friend
I gave it 1 star because when I want to download it it say inffuciefnt place but I have a big memory bla bla bla bla .......
Is it normal Facebook stops and the application exits suddenly when there is no internet connection? I experience this currenly.
Loved it
it wont let me look at my messages bcuz of an stupid add and i cant scroll down to exit out!!
Nice   v v   nice
Tre fob
Jaribu kuitumia
Would have rate it 5 stars but it isn't compatible with many apps and it isn't showing me which friends are online it only says "no results".
Dil mange more
Not sure what happened with the latest update. But Facebook freezes my phone. So awesome to have to restart my phone all the time.
Photos don't load half the time, news feed won't load, friends profiles won't load. Very inconsistent. As for forcing people to download another app, just to receive messages is absolutely ludicrous. I expected way more from Facebook. Fix these problems, and 5 stars.
This app booty
Ilayaraja pannal
Horrible!! Why can't I uninstall the recent update and go back to the old one... This one SUCKS!!!
Facebook
We want most recent back on the news feed!
Good app
Mohdjiyaz
Update sucks. News feed scrolling is horrible.
Nice
bad
I like facebook
Facebook
Should me more effective....fix some bugs.it just eating my phone memory
Facebook for every phone
A cool app so you could text and every thing
Ok
You guys want ... I MEAN FORCE us to download another app for what this used to offer for reasons shady. Nice try Facebook you ain't fooling no one.
I love seeing pictures of my family out of town
nailed it
Good app but eats up 45mb when installed, i want to give 1star but because i love FAcebook i gave you 2stars.. i cannot give you more stars because ur apps eats up a lot of space.
It aswom
I love it mobile aap fb.
That Facebook is awsome
Nice try, but I'm not installing a separate app just for messaging. I'd rather just stop using it.
Doniellewlison?
Good but my friends request doesn't want to load. Please fix
Awesome
Superb
Latest update seems to have things not as good as previously.  Why all the permissions....? Really don't like that.
Very nice
Great app 2 use but I can't update it n it keeps telling me 2 update it but I dnt have any space 2 update.
Why do you push us to use messenger? I hate that it pops out right after I click message to somebody then just disappears right before I could even type a word. I have to use messenger instead to send a message. Two apps to use facebook? Nah, If only all my friends had google + accounts I could've switched.
nice
too much space
Asarjmc
Sometimes when I enter the fb app it logs out sometimes and its slow
To much storage space!
Before I install this update, I have 100mb space available and now it goes down to 30mb after using it for few hours. Please fix asap thanks.
Data consumption needs attention i mean my new phone has no issue since its a moto razr maxx but i had issues with other phones fb literally devours ur free space but all yall worried about space pick up a maxx ull never have to worry bout space theres an endless amount of space in this phone hands dwn the best phone ever kicks iphone and the galaxys out of the water and is full hd
Whenever viewing the video's error occurs and can't view the full video
Best apps
Very nice
I like it
Nice
Too much space capacity !!!
I'm not going to get the messenger app, that's a waste of space. I think I'll just stop using messages instead.
Unable to login after updating the Facebook app
This so helpfully for me
It's cool!
I hate how i cant even see my messages without it forcing me to download messenger.
Ashokraj
Facebook
Thanks for guaranteeing I will never send another Facebook chat. More idiocy from your decision-makers to remove a perfectly functional feature from your core app into its own app just to drive downloads of that app. Zero chance I will download your chat app.
It's faster than old version!!!!!
So many issues! But Facebook doesn't give a crap anyway so why waste or breath telling them our thoughts?
It keeps on forceclosing.
Takes up too much space for an update that isn't improving anything.
Ssssoooooo nicccccc
Do not like the new update. Scrolling is crap, UI is crap and did I mention fb is getting crap
Awesome
Why is the space raising up?? My phone is only 2gb and im barely using it on things i want. Please wmake it smaller
It keeps shuting off on me
Mn6676na
The World
Poop
Meow
I Love You
Cocojuaninco
I Can't log in ? tskkk...
Not bad. Got a lot better. Kudos.
Great!!!
Nice
Since updating all it does is force close all the time. Fix this
Iy's verryyyy awrsome.
Sharvi
Good app but I shouldn't have to download the messenger to text people on facebook.
Its taking up 166mb on my phone. Why?
Moving messages to Seperate app? Is that to suck more data?  I hate the idea. Leave it on the actual app please
Superb.....
Nice
ok
Love ittt!!!!!!! :-)
I like this app very much because
bad
Good
Best
nice
Great
It's not working over wifi only works with mobile data...Please get this fixed it's becoming a nuisance
Slow though.
When i tap to go in then it load and went out with it. Plus can we also have on and off nofication the pics we comment. All seems not working well..
The app won't open then when it does it just freeze and then I get a crash report so iOS is a lot better
Place To Be
Well, it a good app. It's wonderful to be able to be in contact with family and friends Thank you.
Please can you improve this app so we can play fb games while in this app? I know it will eat some space. But the one who mad because too much space for like those update is a ****. Btw i dont like you forcing us to change to mssg. Every time open you spam notice. Agh
Cool
Super
I like this
Love it
Must be good..
Love it
Lags....freezes,....too many problems ....am considering deactivating my account ....not very Droid friendly....very disappointed. FIX THE PROBLEM!!!!!
Awesome app , you need just to  optimize the app for speed . thanks
Unable to share pictures by not  allowing me to choose photo album. Anyone else have this problem?
Facebook! !!
it is very very good &nice 100 %
Very past huh
hated always memory full tsk pls update again. .
Familys and freiends
So good so far
Repeats stuff in my news feed that I already saw. Please fix.
I love this app
download karte waqt 20mb karne ke baad 45-50mb it's too much
Friend finder through contacts isn't working on the S4 got a new phone and still doesn't work. Will give higher rating once it's been fixed.
This is really helpful
^o^
Hi Facebook please help as I am unable to download it
Why another application for messanger?
Mm
After the update I couldn't see my news feed.I sent in a lot of reports but they never replied
Facebook
Loved it
it suck! i cnt download it..
I tried to download a Link which didn't work. Ever since I've been getting an error message saying something went wrong. If the problem persists, try logging in. Well I've tried everything. Nothing works in getting rid of the error message. Pops up every 10 seconds.
Versi terbaru 4. 7mb mudah upload status gambar, video dan rakan status baru
What's wrong with Facebook. I constantly get "error loading page" messages,  but if I do a speed test on my connection,  it is always solid. What is the problem Facebook? I'm tired of having to repeatedly change my setting to show most recent stories,  in lieu of what some jerk wad at Facebook has deemed "hot" out a"top story "  if it weren't for the fact this is the only way I can KIT with a lot of my family I would just delete you! Bad move Facebook. Bad business.
Every time I try to upload a video it won't do it. Even on WiFi.  Please fix!!!
Been great.
Emily I
This app sucks!! Takes up way to much space and slow as hell.
Very smart
why does it need so much memory?!
Got to have it -_-
NGOs
Sucks ddd dick!!!!!!!!!!
I like it's so much....
Like it
I hate how this app wants to call/text people without your consent. I HATE HATE HATE that this app wants to be able to turn on my camera and microphone without me even knowing it. I just want a fb app that protects me and my information without it stealing my information for its own jollies.
Greatest
Happy
Hahahahahahahaha
It's OK
Becky Donald
Hate to see the old post in my news feed.please fix this
whats wrong its getting very complicated to even get on fb... Smh!
Love but a little glichy at times
Bhikari
please fix this,it takes too much space on my phone
I am completely happy with how messages is now. I don't want to download a separate app, that defeats the purpose of using Facebook. I may as well just text people in hangouts if I have to open a new app! Stupid!
Update: Very unstable on Galaxy S5!                                                  Keeps on saying Facebook has to shutdown. Plus,  it's starting to make my phone slow whenever it has to shutdown! Get your app together. Getting really sloppy.
Lo
I LOVED IT
Garbage
Sluggish and I have no idea what anyone is posting right now. All I can see is 24+ hours ago posts. Sane problems but faster than my phones web.
Better
Since the update is freezes plz fix this ish?!!!!!
Is this the cause of every update?
I like facebook
the best thing i every seen
sorry for the bad review but I do love the Facebook App but now that I got to download the messenger App for it is quite annoying and a inconvience that's gonna cause people to run up their data, and some people may not be able to install due to storage limits!!  Facebook needs to quit changing the things that work fine and start fixing the way my news feed appears with old statuses from 12,hrs ago then the next one is 10 minutes ago and the next 10 hrs ago then the next is 5 mins ago l if you get my point!
I'm really confused. After all the bad reviews and cries for help, especially regarding the forced "top stories" even though most people have requested "most recent" to be the default, for some reason you guys have not fixed anything yet. Why aren't you listening? Now the app is so bad you've given up trying to fix messages and are forcing us to use a separate app. Why?! Just fix it already. Don't make us use 2 apps when we specifically want just one unified app that functions properly!
JESUS
I'm not downloading the newly required app, fb Messenger, bc I don't have room on my phone so now I won't be able to see any of my fb messages in my fb account...UNINSTALLING !!
Thrillion good
Excellent!
The best
I have facebook from 5years
It takes too much space.
I have deleted the app b/c fb is forcing you to use their messanger app to connect with your friends rather than allow you to keep it simple and communicate while you browse!!! I was having connection issues sometimes so I updated, and *boy* do I REGRET it! I have to hunt down the "most recent" option every time I open the app, I don't see many of the updates my friends are posting, I have removed the 'suggested pages' from my favorite list, yet it's still the first thing I see when I open my menu!
Facebook is demanding that I download the messaging app or else I can't message anyone. Which so outrageous because this Facebook app alone takes up so much space. I think I'll just Uninstall and just use the browser instead. Smh!
Some people's pages don't load to the what their latest post was. It's stuck at a certain point.
Just go back to the old version of Facebook why keep upgrading it every week
Meh. It's only got so many downloads cuz of how many times I have to uninstall then reinstall it
Update is slower. Fb now makes you download their messenger app where you can't silence the notifications. No longer given the choice of viewing top stories or most recent on timeline - you can only view top stories.
Why keep changing? I saw this update on my daughters fb. Absolutely hate it. Last few updates makes fb worse not better
Good app
Yip
Good
Can't see non of the pic on my wall and don't let me start about the videos I have galaxy s5
Once, i lykd a gurl dat was living so far awey from mi hoom. And i sad dat i luv hr and shi reyected meh! And fuw wiks leter shi deyd in car kres end i waz so sed, so i sut miself vit a gun dat i found et di kres syt! Lyk dis if u krie evritiem :'(
K

Awesome
Why can't you come up with a version that let's you continue where you left off? I sort by most recent so I can make my way through today's news feed. I click on an article that interests me, and when I return the feed starts at the latest "most recent". I'm not done yet. STOP THAT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Your fired!!! You call this piece of shigady an app. Start over from scratch. Just obliterate, no annihilate this app. Too much space consuming plus its a pre-installed app?! Good thing im rooted and removed it. Only until you finally get this app right you deserve no stars of course googles generosity requires us to rate positive instead of negatively.  Wutever google just wutever... Honestly i think i could help with this app. I have great suggestions n ideas
Facebook
Bloated crappy app that keeps on crashing!
Takes up too much space on phone
and i'll just stick to the mobile version of fb on my browser.
Forcing us to use Messenger app when FB already uses way to much memory is bullshit. Uninstalling for Twitter. F**k you very much
I like keeping my phone clean. Why does Facebook require two apps?
I agree with the reviews. The app is the biggest one next to Google and I can't even update it
Supar
This mobile app is more about Fb making money than friends enjoying each other's status. Harder than ever to see a news feed that is sorted by most recent! I really dislike the latest version of this app and I'm very disappointed that I upgraded.
I would give it a five if yall can get the animations to work, I like to post wallpapers with animations.
It is a satisfying app can connect u with the world but started to be a little commercial for me
I DONT WANT TOP STORIES
Mine goes up to 125mb so idk whats wrong with it
Take up way too many space..!!
Social network may mark zuckerburg be your created but I am your subscriber
like
Works as a app should, just does no tricks to make it run right. Camera and messenger for people who like different options. Notifications work much better as well.
Gr8
Force closes constantly
You should open my incoming @ mail address
Takes to much spaces . Disliked it .
Love it...
It's quick but the big flaw is it defaults to "Top Stories" some which happened days ago, the only way to see recent posts is to scroll down a long list, and it'll be the same next time you log in.
Nk
Not working yah
This is so cool xD
1.Takes up wayyy to much space. 2.Never stays open 3.Always saying "Facebook is not responding "
Loooooove it
I have only had one problem lol, sometimes I have to post twice to get it to post.. Seems everyone else is having major problems. Works almost fine for me. Works great. Could use more of desk top features though...
Having trouble  loading and playing games
I have to use the Web version of Facebook to share what I'm doing/watching/feeling etc because I can't do it via this app. Not happy. Fix it.
I don't understand Why it takes up such a massive amount of space
I downloaded the fb app for a reason and this takes up enough space as is.
Can't play videos?
Great app
Good
tooooo much space :-\
awesome
Facebook is awesum
This app no longer has msges. This forces us to download messenger. May zuckerberg get cancer soon.
You aren't letting me access my messages unless I get the messaging app but my phone won't download it for some reason. That makes no sense. Please fix I'd much appreciate it.
Must Use it
Besr
App force closes multiple times after updating s5
I had just bought me s new phone and i downloaded fb and i have 35% memory left on my phone now
Why increasing mb I think its 20 something fix this kind of froblem
It's required too much space...that I haven't..plz decrease the space so I'll reinstall it otherwise I have removed this app..
FASBOOK
Awesome
App is taking too much space and constantly asks to have access to my phones pictures.  If I wanted to upload all my pictures on fb I would have done so already.
Its a good page to connect with other family that you have far away. Facebook is the best :-D
Makes my phone way to slow. This sux.

I love the new layout.
Very nice but ake too much space
Newer updates seem to be working well.
default video player sucks. video auto plays right after clicking on it. i want to select my own video player and facebook app doesnt allow me. i know many of us would like to choose our own video player. so please fix it great people of facebook. thank you and i hope to hear from you guys soon.  5 stars if fixed.thanks
Its a lot better than looking it up every time on the internet but it can be slow but that great app
good
Is a mazing
Pls remove messenger
Die like MySpace now please. I'm only on here to save my photos at this point
Love this app
Does take up space so fix the dam problem.
Why does Facebook need to read or access my text messages or reading/accessing data in my phone "without my permission or confidentiality"?
Supper
To much space!!!
But to much space around 200mb
Doesn't let me open nd keep force closing other than that its great
want to give low
Won't let me upload pics in any of my groups. I run 2 online businesses and i can't post pics of my work to any of my pages. What's the point of having a facebook app if it don't work
Easy to use
# Butcheecks nadanada was her xoxo lol
Makes no sense,less options,now to manage a page you need another app, soon messaging will need an app crap is taking up my phone space. RIP FB you used to be fun,now just plain stupid money hungry pieces of crap.
I dont want to see top stories i want to see whats new and i cant even have the option to sort that out.... Plz fix
Thanks
This update has indeed significantly improve the overall in Android Facebook. However, I notice a bug. Whenever I click "like" on a post, after a while, the post becomes "unlike", as in it did not recognise that I had "like" it before. It is very frustrating to "like" it again. Please solve this problem.
It's getting sasy again :-)
Good
Yeah it takes up some space but its worth it! I LOVE THIS APP!!!!! :)
It is awseome
No me llegan las notificaciones en su momento sino una hora despu¨¦s >:/
Positive thinking!!!!
Like it but can you make me love it? What happened to the Facebook quality pictures?  Can you fix that? I'm pretty sure everyone will be happy with it. The pictures I upload from my phone looks less quality than the ones in my phone. Thanks. Plz do it. Lmk
Perfect
Do add a 'copy text' feature in this app. Aint able to copy text in posts but it works in comments.
Excellent
It takes up waaay too much space. I can't download the games as well as music\ringtones download apps unless I HAVE TO UNINSTALL which is by far a huge inconvenience. I cannot begin to stress it enough how very frustrating,annoying,nerve rackin,takes forever to be able to even get on but I'm also a big fan of Facebook.
Easier for me to view my facebook without using my laptop but please sometimes hard for me to view my news feed because of slow loading~~
':
Things were a little messed up after my last update, but seem to corrected after my most recent update. I'm happy with it now.
It's a great app but it freezes and sometimes doesn't update quickly
My videos r not showing keeps sticking
This app takes too much space already and is moving messages to messenger..i cant take this anymore
Won't let me upload videos. When I go to upload a video the app just crashes.
ITS OKAY
Facebook

Absolute rubbish app! Isn't working for me on my phone anymore so I'm stuck using the online Facebook!! You'dthinkthatitwouldbegoodcosFbisdowealthy!!
I dont want to download the stupid messanger app just to message people on facebook. This is ridiculos. Its forcing mw to download snd use the facebook messanger app for messages. Screw that  time to delete facebook
Like
I'm absolutely not going with the messenger app. I'm not going to basically give up control of my phone and every single bit of info on it just to send messages through Facebook. It's bad enough they get a lot through Facebook itself, now they want to force everyone to install a separate app and make people allow them to know their entire life story. Next thing you know, all this info compiled by Facebook will end up in the hands of the NSA. Sorry! I'm not that stupid! Read Messenger's list of permissions.
Great love it
Love it
To much slow
this app takez up way to mutch space its slower  DONT BOTHER WASTEING YOUR TIME ON THIS APP
Smuanya
FACEBOOK
Hi
I'm be angry, any time what I'm surfing in the feed make auto update!!!! Fix the problemmmmmm and I'm give 
It's getting better and better
I think because it's always downloading the videos and playing them, it's using so much data! I don't remember it every using that much before. How do I stop it from auto downloading videos?
Too slow, im using LG E 400 android phone. New fb patches makes my phone slower. And this application is about 50mb space req. plus this messenger 15mb, makes all my phone memory into it. Stupid app, i uninstall it.
Takes a lot of space
good app
The new update is terrible! Every time I try to share or comment or search it kicks me out! Please fix. There's no point in having the app if it never works.
Its cool I love it
I do not want bloody videos streaming on my phone as a bloody default setting! I pay for data! Why would you think that is OK?
You do not need access to my texts, photos and especially not recording without permission or notification. WAY out of line. Will not be using until this is removed.
I love it
Crashes
If you like Facebook .. This is for you
Love it
As soon as the video wants to start to buffer it gives an error and then just stops. Fix this!!!!!
Mindblowingg
I can not get anything to upload if it has a picture.  It's getting on my nerves.. Grr
This is the only review I've ever left on anything.. I felt the need to overcome my laziness to post this one, so that means something. I would have left five stars, bc I think this app works great, but I don't like how 'top stories' is the main news feed. I always go to 'most recent'. So, that's kind of annoying. Now you're moving messages to a separate app.. I just think you're making things more complicated than they need to be. Please don't do it! I'll definitely reconsider uninstalling if you don't..
Resmije
Awsome
Its to slow
Cant see pokes or birthdays. Why?
Good
Good
Very good
umar9060173678
hutan
loveeeeeee itt
njo
Facebook
im trying to download this update on my samsung tab.3 .. but then, as it's almost done with the update, it says " package file invalid" pls fix this issue ! it sucks my fb and i can't go online !
Nice app
Facebook massager is not working in Afghanistan
When go to share a picture then it shows all pics n its tough to select one of thousands pictured
alauddin
Get up and fb
Facebook
thanks
Nice
We need new design it so boring.. I m considering to change to twitter.. then sell my samsung s4 and get an iphone... And also facebook has to move in the external sd card... this is lame
Its gooa app
Awsome
Fix that freaking error!!!
It takes up alot of space on my phone and drains my battery quickly.
123456
More smother with more features
Thank You
AWESOME
This app already takes a lot of space in my memory and yet you wanted to use fb messenger to view my messages. I should log in my fb in my laptop if that's the case. -_-
Love it
Nice
If i edit my comment on facebook I would like for others NOT to see what i have edited. Thanks!!!
Is much better now
Gr8
Love it just struggling to download
I'm not even able to update it. How much space do you need Facebook?
Yeah ,
Cool
Face book start with 20mb space then takes extra180 mb. So i will continue to uninstall as reinstall as needed for other apps
Works great on my galaxy. However on my tablet it only shows up in such a small window.. why??
To slow loading period
Pantas
taking too much space from 19mb to 66 mb
Bgd gameeed ^_^
loved it
My no.1 & best app in my mobile phone.
Excellent app
Prabu
this app takes to much space
same
Its fun  and a great way to communicate with friends
7 star
Facebook
i have good network connection but facebook is to sloow
Too much to fix in the app. Cant send any files. All the messages are moved to mthe meesenger, if I try to open msg from the fb app, it freezes up and Im asked to force close.
Turn off notification feature does not work properly.
excellentp
It will not let. Me up gtade
Due to lack of space , I deleted fb app . I like fb , but space should be limited . It takes 50 mb of my mobile internal memory . :(
Too slow since update. Constantly "not responding." Please fix ASAP. Droid bionic.
Fantastic
Iovley
What is the problem fb???? I mean really, u people seem like u do more mess up than resolve. Im glad its not a pay app because if it was the company would be out of business for all the lawsuits. LETS GET IT TOGETHER ASAP!!!!
Great app
Please  format the  facebook from  Internet
It is like ios but it keep turning off after 5 min need some improvement it took up to 100MB WTF!!!
Cool
when i installing this apps, it have only 22. 38 mb. but after installing its said insufficient storage. i thing its not a good info. so i am very very sad. sorry to say this, they are all playing our MONEY.
We can convent
I love Facebook
Love it
Too large now being forced to install messenger as well....NO I DO NOT CARE ABOUT FASTER MESSAGES IF I WANT INSTANT ACCESS ILL CALL SOMEONES PHONE!!!
Salabdel.sa@gmail com
Very nice
Facebook
Facebook app always a good position now can you facebook everybody
Dil laghi
Tooo slow.+ size is too large ,had deleted few stuff for download
Good
Dirty app. Useless....
Wtf
Can no longer install as it says insufficient storage ....although my phone has lots of space plus an sd card #crap
Like...
Its ok
If it wasn't for the widget, I would uninstall in a heartbeat. The desktop experience is much better than the android mobile version.
Hussain
mast hai re
Its fine
Still some glitches that need to be fixed. Once everything you can do on the computer can be done on your phone as well, I will give it 5 star rating
Ghuman
Best app
Too full it use so much storage i hope next update make it some file data can move to sd card /external or make it can move to internal not at phone memory
I cant even install it i have more than enough space on my phone and for days it keeps saying insufficient storage only when i try and down load this app.
Make something is take much space....and is moving slow and intrerrupted
Takes up to much space plz fix
Wow
Need to fix wont even load anymore.  It loads now but this newest update stinks.  I dont want to see what you think i want to see.  I WANT MY PAGE TO BE SET TO MOST RECENT LIKE IT ALWAYS PUT IT BACK WHERE I CAN CHOOSE TO LEAVE IT THAT WAY ALL THE TIME.  I DONT WANT TO GO TO 5 DIFFERENT SCREENS TO DO THINGS......SUCKS.  leave messages where it.   I dont need another app on my phone when i can get them where they are.  Who cares if its faster
This is the way to find our best loved once as well as friends
Too much space!!
Nearly a week and STILL NO FIX!!!!?? -____- come on now
Torchy
Yes
Kaimm aaaaaaaaaa facebook
The mamdo :-) nl
Oni update  il pi¨´ lento di prima,
fjfj
Like it
It works great for me.!!! Keep up the good work.!!! :)
'''duty
It's excellent app for social networking.
Poor

This is too much slow.....so theree star...but app is great.Santanu
Ever since I updated now when I get on Facebook the graphics are messed up
VG
Very slow for me but the app is great though just has to be much faster as some if us do like things going asap
good one
Monkey lady
So much good
Its awesome
Ok
Good app
Super star
Nice
Best
Wtf. New update is'nt setting
Ny s
Takes forever to load and install. SLOW
Awe  i like it..
It's a need even though the space matter...I chose to download it !
Good
The app starts at 20 Mb to download and rises to 45 to 50 Mb I would delete it if it wasn't so necessary.
Nice
Nepali
Nice and fast
Good software
Suppppppppppppppper
For an older version

Trash
The new version is too slow, when i open app black screen appears and then not responding. Please fix it. Older version was good.
Too much space taking this app
Smooth,Fast,EXCELLENT!!!
Why do you want to read my texts and send messages without my knowledge? You could set me up as a drug dealer without me even knowing! Why do you need to do that?
Gud app , but every app has its own pros n cons
Well too much space
B
Son
Facebook
Nice  app
Xhego
Lol
I use this for talking to friends mostly
F*** right off :*
every updates itz size going bigger....now the fb app requires around 45-55 mb to work...please reduce the size...!!
Messages are moving? Ok ill dump the memory hogging app and just use the mobile browser version. Screw you facebook. Seriously, Facebook programmers can't do better than this? Since a recent update, I can't view friends photos or info. The tabs at the bottom are missing. Wtf?
It keeps kicking me out of here everyday
Too many permissions. Uninstall. FU
Cool network
Nothin to say.. my ratings says it all.. ¡ï¡ï¡ï¡ï¡ï
Can't Update!
I like it but its working slow in GTS-5360
Please fix this issue,  I m using nexus 5 with latest 4.4.4 update,  the app is hogging my battery, and it occupy 105 mb of data 
So much ........I like this app
Gud
Everytime I scroll down it just pops back up to the top of the list.
Gigantic app that provides no better functionality than using the browser.
Full on
OMG its 53.92mb hw cm so high mb cn be download! ! ! Its taking so mch of place everytm msg cms invalid space hw come can download new version ? ????
Facebook
It takes up I think 23 mb!!!
So smooth,
Awesome
Does not load profile pictures or any pictures at all... this app is getting worset and worse
hello
sto
The app has been freezing the moment I try and open it. Then it forces closing most of the time... It's giving me the 'cold shoulder'. Can you please fix it?
Nr
Www
I love vadi ali facebook
Your Facebook is a disgrace.they want let me have my old account.
I installed the update last week and now it won't open it says facebook not responding please fix
Idz good
I loved it
J
Good
It really annoys me that I can't choose between top stories and most recent..I keep seeing stuff from previous days when I rather see stuff posted by order how new they are
Love ittt
Mantappp
Android Version 2.3.6
Everything about this app is amazing! My only issue is the videos. I can't watch them. Everytime I try to play a video it only plays for 1 second or less and then it pauses. And it does that repeatedly. It's so annoying. Please fix!!! And then I'll give this app 5 stars!! I just want to watch videos!!
;-)
Old
Needs to improve more. From 1 star to 3 stars
When will you learn, Facebook? Your clumsy move just pushed me to Google Plus.
Nice :)
Smooth
I like the app but it really needs a most recent button. I keep missing live events because I don't see the post until 24 hours after the event..... Grrrr!
Now this app is very slow.
Latest update is jittery!
I wish I could give it no star . What happened to the news and feeds ?
Kunal
Please fix asap.
Takes up too much space!!
V

Vary nice
Nothing to say about that...

Latest update freezes on my HTC one. Only the app freezes but I can't do anything but close it.  Really annoying. Plz fix so I can boost stars.
What the .... what happen to this app >:-(
I Love It Keep up with everybody$
Hate it to much slow
Very good apps
Not great connection
Facebook app is very convenient to go into on my Samsung. .
Amazing
Very much space has been taken by this App I am just going to uninstall it
I like child hood
Consumes Too Much Ram. Please fix this problem, ASAP. :'(
All friend
Slow oh so slow on android 4.4.4
Very nice...
But use more than see
Ok
Just give me the option for most recent stories as default. Jesus....
Faisalabdul
Nyc
Nice app but it takes lot of space to install
Thanks a lot fb
extremely poor design.  missing significant features.
Waw nice
It takes way too much space
Alla is one
From Dhaka
Amazing
Nice app
Can not lock my Facebook to private using phone wtf may as well remove this sort it out man !!! Lucky you got a star why u I got to down load a chat thing to receive msg for memory just a joke now Facebook sort your self out man this will be removed very soon
i have an S4, Since recent update every time I go into the app to upload a picture,  if I long press on the picture to preview it I get a gray screen and it kicks me out automatically.... Does it on every picture. ......
Salam
Good
Nyc
I love you
App takes up too much space
Far
Loved it.
Mast app.hai use karo
Poor
It won't download on my phone even though I have a full signal
The best
Error loading news feed news feed is repeated no new psts
This app is worst and works slowly and aftr instalkation it goes to 45 mb make it less..... flr 5 star
So mach..  fun..
Need an update!
nice,app
cool....
Every time I try to I update, I can't because it's too big. The data adds as much megabytes as the app itself. I can't keep deleting other apps all the time. You never consider people's reviews, but this is one you should. A lot of people would agree. Fix and I'll rate 5 stars. Thanks.
Whenever i try to play a video in the app , the app hangs for 2-3 sec and then crashes . Tried reinstalling but still nothing .If you can't rectify maybe it's time to move onto browser :(
Hello i am using lg l90 and my contacts are sycn but calender is having some problem to sync thare is only google account not facebook or LinkedIn. Please do it
Loving it
1 word fantastic: *
To much.space
I see my friend's staus in black colour and I can't even read WTF that stasus mean.This update is total Chaos.
I love this apes I like gr8 full
This is five star
Good app but older version has bugs
Salman
App is great love it
soe
Superb
Due to problems I was havi ng with the app, I uninstalled it but for over a week now I have not been able to reinstall it. It will download but when it starts installing I keep getting a "-24" error code. Sprint can't help since it's an app problem.  I've had it!!!!! When are you going to fix this????? Now it's almost 2 weeks later and still can't install.
Nice
Salam 1 malaysia
Too much space taking app....
I love it.
Nice app
Love angel
It's ok. It just seems like every time they update, It's worse than before.
Aku slalu setia
Great!!!!!
htc

Keeps on restarting
Boss
It is gorjas
Ok
Omar
Taking toooo... much memory
Love it fb
Stop resetting feed to most advertised.
Best
Awwwsssooommeee
Great
this is very good sarvis
Mast
Nice work
Great!! (Y) like it.
It always says that there are no friends online. So I have to log off and log on again. Facebook you have to do something about it. Because I can't chat with friends..
This app take too much space :/ My phone so lag, fix it please
Osm
After update fb not opening & not responding
Sarath
Is very good
I am blocking from my account and Facebook aap create virus  for my android phone it slows the speed of my phone
Very good app, no problems
I just don't understand why its taking 62 mb of my phone memory. Really its time to uninstall this app. Hate it.
Lumayan abis Update bisa jalan lagi facebook nya
Nice aap
It's ok but ppl put a lot of bs on here
So nice
Mst hai
It foreclosures when installing. Tried several times. Please fix it.
Took around 65 to 67 MB and also drained my battery..so had to uninstall
Good
v bad performance now a days
Nice app
Ilyy App
I love facebook....
Easy UI....
Takes To Much Time To Load Images. Otherwise I would have given it 5 stars.

Like this app
Did all my shout outs to the Budman with no problems
Great application
Its ok
Ugh, wish I hadn't upgraded!! Too much memory & had to delete it from my phone-didn't have enough memory.  Now I have to access via Web.
Thanks to everyone who came out in this category is not responsible for delivering the message
Love it
My facebook has updated several times and I still can't see what the update is for! Also sometimes when I am posting a pic and I click on it before submitting a post it loops and takes me back the posting screen! 
BS---these  apps are just a pain in the butt ..We already paid for phone service and now  we need to put up with  advertising????  Plus, doesn't anybody talk on the phone and speak person to person anymore??? HELLO.......
This app takes up to much space just only to launch it. Facebook developer, please take respond.
Love it
Nice
Gautam
This app takes way too much space.
Liked it
Just an awsome app

Awesome experience using this app
Raza
Nice application in world for use and chat
Needs much ram....
My fb app won't stay open longer then 2 secs after the latest update. Never had a problem with it until now. Sure would love for it to be fixed.
loved it
in my samsung galaxy y nosuch notification sound please help
This app suck it always closing and having errors and my SWAG CAN TAKE IT
Hiii I am using facebook
World in your parms
It s good when you can't ring any body
It is ok,but imvole updete.
Love
It's alright
Forcing us to do all the things we don't want to, for the convenience of staying in touch. Now we're forced to install separate apps to use different parts of it, and it's horrible.
Godddd
app
Awesome
Don't work
I love it ....... ;;;;;;;;;::::::::;;;;;;;:::::::;;;::;::::;;::::':::;;;:::::::;;::$oooooooo much
best
I love Facebook
Nothing to say just love it
Cool app
Meh.
Awesome app!
Thanks to everyone who came out in this category is not responsible for delivering the message
Couldn't see who was online when I logged in. It only shows a few ppl not all of them please sort this out thanks
like
Excellent.
Good
nice and improved app
Awesome fab but just for fun
Awesome
Pradip Maharana
Are yaar facebook babane waalon agar Facebook chalane se time mile to ise thk bhi kar do!! Baar baar crash ho jaati hai video chalane par!! Thoda time nikalo ise sahi karo!!
Www .......
High speed apps
Ilove facebook
Nic I.mk
nice apps
tanya kasana
Kamal hai
Gr8 app
Love this app ... (y)
Best
Great
Nice app
I. Hate. It. -.-
Diarumpus
Every time I try to see a video it freezes every time! This has been happening for awhile.
It will never update notifications, pictures won't show up. Has been a pain ever since the last update.
Tis app is way better than on the browser i like this app
Sanu

Boooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooring
Wish I could give it negitive stars..... with every update, this app sucks even more. I constantly get a "force close" message when I try to access my messages because facebook is working properly. Even though I report it, it does no good. The makers of this app need to get it together so it works right.
Good
Gygg V
Not letting me post videos :( runs slow
Too much space !!
Jan
Thx
Little bit slow but overall everything is working. Don't remove messaging from main app, I don't need separate app for just few messages a month.
Nic
Working much better now please improve speed otherwise working good
Good
Everytime I try to dwnld it says I have no storage left. My phone says I have plenty and i can dwnld other apps with no prob
Nice
Sere yesto muji lado jasto
Ahayah.  Yashiya
This apps is realy lovely apps
Yes....as much like people are saying after facebook. ....my views on face book is also same. ....then u know what I want to say
Boring at times but great for connecting
The option to stop receiving notifications is there, however when I select it, it doesn't work. Please fix on the app. Thanks
If you think you're going to force people to use Facebook messaging to that horribly large app you've got another thing coming. I will use the PC instead and forget the app.
Yo
Wow.osama bin laden
I really feel like you guys made the in app messaging slower on purpose to install the other one. Because it never used to move this slow.
Yura
Nice good
It is really good but it has lots of space to occupy in my phone. Please lessen the space amount.
Im in sudhakars
First of all there are many things wrong with this app it takes up way too much space on the devices. It also every time you go to load a video it won't let you do anything until the video loads freeze and I won't let you do nothing. If these problems aren't solved I'm just gonna uninstall it. Also I don't like how it force opens another app for messenger. That takes up more cellular data too. Not everyone has unlimited data.
You need to fix the fact that i can't reply to comments or tag people in comments from my phone.
Way to much space I cannot download it
Excellent
good
I feel like the Facebook app for iPhone users is so much better than the one for Android phones. Why? Also, I dislike all these unrelated, nearby events showing up. I really dislike the news feed set up and I'm pretty sure I miss out on a ton of my friends' posts.
Seriously.  Why in the f*** should I ALWAYS have the to hit the Most Recent button?? Who really gives a s*** about Top Stories from DAYS ago?? Make the default Most Recent and I'd give it 5 stars
I like facebook because i can check my messages on it and send ppl a friend request
It takes too much space. I think that old one better than new one
Jossss
I think it is agood app ...i hope it can help me

Great
Awesome
Love this app
Its a faster way to talk to my family love it
Un installed because I'm not going to use another app to message!
its pretty great... i so love it... its faster than before.
It is a little buggy
Sangat teruk lambat proses
News feed is good but is better put Most Recent as default news feed.
Just fantastic, now i have to uninstall.
I can not do anything no my page & there not doing anything about it not ok
Updates Waaay to much. With stupid "fixes" i wouldnt bother updating but then it just freezes.
Ganda aap
if its not broken dont try and fix it!
Was a great app until the ability to select "most recent" view was taken away. Yes, I know there is a selection that will toggle the view, but it's not permanent and needs to be selected every time. This could be a 4-star rating, but will be a 2 until this is fixed
Its very great of facebook in world.
It is the best app that I have used
too  heavy and too bulky poor software managing
Ahahah sana gana
Love
Yet another bloatware
i want to use it
The App Anymore It Worked Before But Now It's Not Please Fix It ASAP..!
Pls don't install this AAPs
I hate this app!!! I had to delete my best apps and uninstall fb app... now, it keeps giving me a error message... sucks completely!!! 
doesnt always open and closes on its own
Pls fix this thrash
Worst app it ocupied more space. It's not working properly and its struking
gud app
Too much space why did you do this to us
Baik
It's amazing
Yoyo fb
Usssu
Hi
Awesome fb app
Always takes forever to open
Good by
Its good
It' disopoint me some time
B
Take large space of phone memory
I lov it
Gave it give 5 stars last update but now all it does is drain my battery more than any other app ever
Nice...very nice
Fb new version is very nice app. I  sincerely recommend it to my frnds too.
Love it
Very very good
High storage
Lklok 'll pll
like
I give 2* bcz facebook massenger is very slow. Eror loding news feed.
HOLY BIBLE READING BOOK OF MARK 4:14 ; MATTHEW 13:37 BLOCKAGE HURTING YOUR good  CUSTOMER BUSINESS for this minister to be using communications FAILURE with FACEBOOK and limited service FACEBOOK TEAM FAILURES TOO GIVE WORKING FUNCTIONAL SYSTEM AS I AM TRYING TO GET ACCESS TO ACCOUNT ! ! !
no comment
Great
I very like this app because I can ask my friends about every things!
Nice app
Time line will not load without a force quit. It updates in the background when background updates is turned off. It doesn't mark mentions as read without force quitting first.
I downloaded this app 3 times and all the times it gave a notice saying package file invalid.
Isaq
This very good app
It's good but it takes too much space on my phone.
The feature people you may know or friend suggestion still annoying me with full page size. Please reduce its size like other notification. But i love this app. Good job.
Bring back messenger
There is no need of removing messages from your core application of Facebook. Why should I download a new application of Facebook Messenger for already available feature in Facebook. It's bad bad step to make people move to Facebook Messenger and steal their contacts from there. Worst move ever.
I love it
Using more space
$125 billion company nd its application doesn't show notifications....haha...   ... ||...
Are
Great tool for everything
Keep on
I Love you
It is best
Nice app
too much space
It heats up too much i mean it slows down my other apps and the whole phone it takes time logging in etc please sort this out !!!!!!!! Ffs
But it takes too much space :(
Tight
Facebook application keeps freezing and closing. Please get this fixed because it's becoming more annoying by the day.
W
This app takes up so much space... I keep deleting things to make room,I think ill just get on site instead !
lastfriend
¡ì
cant copy a status.
I Like The App But It Requires Too Much Space & Messages Will Be Switched To Messenger , I WillJust Use Twitter .
slow
It is not good app buz its not work properly when I open it after some second it hang and not work
Its good
Facebook take much space fix this!!!!! :-[
This update is getting slower. I can't continue my reading from the post if someone message me. Then start again from the top, so u have to scroll it again to find the one u didn't finish to read. Suck a headache. Now I only use Facebook in browser.
Excellent
This app
I LOVE You  Tim W
ALWAYS DEFAULTS to most popular feed. Epic fail
Why is this app taking up sooo much space??? Ridiculous
This app works amazing on tab. Loved the way its work
Good
Needs to be smooth
Awesome
To much space
Ever Ever ever ever ever ever!!!!!!
I did like this app but takes us too much storage, keeps freezing also says not enough storage on phone to download (my son deleted app in error but now can't get it :-( )
Lu v it
Way too much space bruh
Awesome
Mssst hai bossssss
this version suck up space
Good
Decent but takes up too much  memory.
Is cool
Pretty good app
Great way to meet up with old friends.
Worst...it occupies more space..may be it will go 1gb in future.
good
Too
Still hope that newsfeed automatically shows all news and "recent" do no remove post by pages/people I follow.
Mast
No space in my phone
It is very very coll app
well this app tak alt of space my fon strg is smll i cant updt it
Superb
Bhom
Videos that are loading without .e wanting to watch them are eating my data plan up. I've lost 3gb out of my 4gb because of this. Get it sorted or I'm leaving and using Twitter only. Its not hard to fix!!
This app just kept consistently getting worse. They finally add photos but make seeing the news feed I want to see (not the newsfeed facebook wants me to see) take extra setup and several steps to get to. Now that want to try and force me to use another app for messaging? Thanks facebook, you made your app such crap that I have uninstalled it. I barely looked at it on my phone anyways. I would give this no stars if that was possible. Or a negative 5 stars.  Original Review: Timeline is all screwy and there is no way to control it in the settings. Also can't edit status updates our delete them from phone. Can't upload photos to specific albums or make new albums.
Facebook is a good way to contact your friends and family. Facebook, help you to  Advertised your Business, and get information out.
Very good
Awesome app
Goog app i hd ever used  Some times it ws slow bt i lk it
Its take way too much space
Need a update
Hello
Nice application
Facebook
cibai fb
It takes lot of time to load..
will work fine then randomly stop working and I have to uninstall and reinstall in order to be able to play them from Facebook.
I m loving it
Good apg
Fucc u mark !
Goood
Ughh. This app requires too much space. But I kinda like it xD but it really require a lot of space
This app is consist of only 22 mb,  but after instillation it takes 45 mb of space.  I don't have sufficient space for other apps.
It constantly crashes my phone everytime I get on it.
(y)
It is very nice
I Hate How Much Space This App Uses, Please Fix Soon. It Really Slows My Phone Down
I want my news feed have the recent stories.i don't like this version now I can't find the latest post.you will only see 3 to 5 recent post and the next will be 12hours ago or 2hrs ago and it's not organised!
Intresting
Pretty cool
It¡®s take many space u should decrease it
Yulia
PlZ include option for copying a friends status in ur next update
Guys......wat are u doin wid this app?????  So much ram it takes......uggghhh....disgusting....
Harsh
Nexus 5
Very good!!!!
Freezing when scrolling through my news feed has trouble playing videos
Why i must install this stupid messenger application to view my messages?? I really dislike this way to let us install the messenger application
This app takes up too much space I can't install another app
App requests too many permissions, and will soon no longer be able to retrieve messages, requiring a separate app ( for faster messages). I don't need messages faster (I use SMS for urgent things), so the in app functonality was perfect. Uninstalling and using the web app.
Sourav
Good facebook
Awesome
No news feeds
Too much space
Good apps
Take up storage
New update giving a little trouble. The news feed not loading well. And profile statuses not showing
I like this app
This is a great app
wanted
Facebook
Straight
:-) :-) :-)
Superb!!!
i found y boyfriend in there and thants why i love facebook
An intrusive app to begin with; now forces you to install a second app to get all of the same functions as the original.
I can only see text
Anjaana
google
Akhtar Mohammad Danishyar Farahi
Just awesome....
it crashes a lot
Facebook
Superb....
Takes up to much memory and keeps saying unfortunately Facebook has stopped every time a video is on the news feed
Very very nice app
Helpfull
It keeps messing up and the app don't work all the time. Someone should fix it
Trouble loading new feed while good connection ..
100% good
This app required for every one
Sav bogas f b
Its a fast way for and even in 20 kb internet speed it still fast.
So cool
Loved this app! Now they are making me use the messenger app which I HATE! Thanks for the frustration of destroying another app that I could do everything in and making me have to use multiple apps instead!
Updated my S5 to latest version of the app and it runs terribly. Tried uninstalling and reinstalling just in case.  App takes several seconds to open. Switching between sections (newsfeed/messages/profile) takes seconds, when entering text there is a delay from touch to seeing the text on screen.   This App is unusable now.
Sb
I can't edit comment
Love it,.
Nyc apps but sticker are load very slow plz fix that
Idiot bla bla bla!!!!!
Better
How about you guys add an option to comment on pictures,videos etc with audio like a voice comment. It could really improve other's facebook experience. Thank You.
Demasiado espacio yo la tube k borrar pk era demasiado espacio k me ocubavan
Takes to long to load, screen turns black & white then closes. Latest update horrible! Can't scroll or I'll get forced closed and can't even stay on more than 10 seconds and constantly freezes.
Dherai ramro x
How come i cannot install it i have 16GB memory how many times i try to install still error...
Cub
Ok
So I like Facebook and all but the news feed never shows EVERY SINGLE post! I click most recent and top stories and I only get shown what the app wants me to see and I'll explain why I say this. I can see posts from friends I'd never seen before days after they posted them or if they comment on their own post. If I go to a friends page I see everything they have posted but why doesn't it show up on my news feed??
Wooooowwwww!!!!!!!!!!
It is more fast in Chrome than this app.
So easy
Attractive
you r dont fool
:/
Ram ram and more ram. No android l support
no need messenger app
This app required so much space nd also dont give option to save picture from fb....
old version nice
Superb
It has been a lot better than some of the other sites out here
Pliz fix the problem s quick
If you could fix the issue of constantly force closing, that would be nice. -___-
Ho
It be running slow..plz fix
Jhoot boleya... abt space
Needs improvement
Facebook
Slow oversized to many permissions
Great way to socialize
Superb
Saiwan rashidy
Not getting notification.....
Just too much space
Lento se sale solo es una mierda cada vez
I like it
Love IT!
Facebook is a good massager
way too much space on phone .
sarjant82@gmail
Kutunggu seorang kekasih dan cinta  sejatiku untuk kesurga......
To much space ,can you please fix this app ,so everyone would be able to download it ,
Mantap
Facebook
Good app :-D but some times make me angry
I love it, it's pretty awesome!
K

i  L    fb
gooood
Annoying and takes up way too much space in my phone, I only have 8GB
k
It takes to much space fix it please;):)
La aplicaci¨®n ocupa mucho espacio en memoria interna, lo cual no es muy agradable cuando tu telelfono tiene poca memoria.
Nice:::
ACHIEV FOR URAGA
Very easy use
i app rocks
every time I open the notifications the app is closed, I don't know why? also the problem of the big space.
excellent
For some unknown reason it keeps signing me out and I dont know why please help
So slow to catch the news feed section.....
To much space
Poor
Uses too much ram when idle, loads too slowly, occasionally gives random notifications for random posts, now it's asking me to install some other program, which is "better" for chat and such, which just eliminates the use for this app if you just use it to chat, as I don't do that too often I'll just use web browser to check FB and not get the other app...    Uninstalling... not worth while app if you're not using FB too actively.
Updated a few weeks ago and then yesterday all of a sudden I'm unable to upload photos. Frustrating.  Please fix.
Nice
Too many updates!
Gud bt occupies too much space
This app is too big for the phone and I can not move it to my SD card so I have to uninstall to download something then re download it to my phone
Pls improve the app & bring a new update in smaller mb between 5-7mb
Most recent update refreshes news feed on its own while browsing. It is so irritating to be reading posts and then it jumps for no reason and then I can't find where I was.
Facebook
This one works good except for the fact that its a bit slow.         Now Cheerio
This does not perform as well as my default browser, and adds the frustration of making me learn another set of app behaviors to a 20MB download, and a performance hog background.
Ferr good
I tried to update its latest update bt it shows insufficient storage available though there is enough space available in my phone storage.plz fix this problem
This is a good app facebook all people dawonload this app
Dear facebook devloper, We can't replay comments
Ina ziana
Improve it
Well a classic app to get to a classic social network
Privacy
I like this app very much .....8 think this is the best app for android phones...
Loved it
Very bad update,app takes large time to update,and i also unable to delete my page in my canvas A114 please fix this
I really don't know what the hell is going on. After update, I can't log on to my account anymore. Please fix it
We can open our account whenever we want

I like this
This app takes a lot of space and is slow :/

Cant play video
oke
like

Nice and  Wonderful app...   I Love this. .. Everyone  Please daunload this aap
Niceee. ...
Takes forever to upload pictures!!!
:D
After the new update the app sucks
NA
Umahhh fb
Like!!
It takes up way too much space on my phone but it's an okay app
My phone memory
Can't message anymore because you want people to download your laggy separate app? No, go away facebook
Yes,i can have update from friends easily but it really took so much space. I install & uninstall this app. Im happy for the updates but can we reduce the space it consumed? I think, you have read all the comments of ur users. From 4 stars to 2.
Takes too much of my phone's storage. :/
Raja
Thanks
Nice
I have stopped using Facebook as much as I used to, simply because this app sucks. It takes forever for the pictures in my feed to show, if they show at all, so what's the point? Same with comments.
I'm not sure if it's because it's a larger file what it says a new update is supposed to increase speed, has done nothing but slow it down. Junk, absolute junk! Slow! Freezing! Junk!
Good great
Its good to have facebook in mobile phones
Daunload
I love it
TAKES UP TOO MUCH SPACE
I rather Google the app in the search bar then to used the android app, the search bar is a lot faster please fixed the issue. I don't need another app so im uninstalling, they can already read our personal messages, sounds as if the government got there bids on to for just instant messenger I'm good. Uninstalling
This app is all in one, why would I even continue to keep a facebook. If I have to download so many apps just to talk to friends. If so, im uninstalling!!!
Absolutely Amazing
I am a loner and its like 30 mega bites its like what the duck????!???????!!!!!!
Unable to update the recent posts. Very sluggishness
Taking too much space
Nice
Amazing app
Nice
123654
Excellent
I love Facebook
Masigla st.
Hndi naman gumagana
Best app
Its easy
...Little bit good

People need to get Clean Master or a friggin' SD card. 45MB is slightly heinous, but shouldn't be a huge complaint. Also, I'm giving four stars because I hate you, Facebook. Unfortunately I have to use it for the time being, so I digress. B***ards...
Works fine but the "turn off notifications" function once you've replied to something is redundant because it simply doesn't happen when used on the app. Needs fixing.

Excellent...
It use too much space!
Not responding error in newsfeed
Zen
Pls fix this...always error
Nice app
It doesnt show my online freinds and it is so slow....... it just keep on showing messenger to install ...irritating... going to unistall
Social
Beautiful
Are u people trying to kill us or what. This app is more than large why. It has taken a lot of space on my phone I quest I will have to delete and make room for other apps.
Application
this is so good app.
Excellent
Make my phone slow, used much ram..! :(
Od
I just like it
Taking messenger out of the original facebook app and requiring people to download a separate messenger app has triggered my 1 star rating. I hate the new messenger app, which uses push notifications that cannot be turned off (and you can't log out). I don't see why it couldn't stay incorporated into the original app. Bad move facebook


I gave 5 stars bcos its ...excellent(DAMI)
Love it
It takes so much space . that's why four stars
Size
Nizam
I have to install another app for messages which is illogical and waste of my time and memory
I love u
Awesome
Ex
Too Much Space
The Facebook is totally perfect, except with the loading of images.  Rest is good.
I love this aap for Geeta Madam
I can't even get on mine it keeps saying it's stopped working and4 throws me out,sick of this app fix it! I've had to uninstall my Facebook because it is to big and will not work should of never messed with and left it alone every time u do an update it just gets worse!
Uninstalled the app becoz of the update
connect hearts of peoples
Avg !!
Good
I really like this one
occupies Too much memory ! My phone misbehaves because of the huge MB amount that FB occupies . I have no more app other than Facebook ! please fix this problem
its great
Facebook
Vrry confortable
Who doesn't have Facebook? ?
An icon is needed in the news feed to switch between top stories and recent. Also, archived, spam and other messages are not loading at all in my p3100. Kindly fix it.
This is the best app on playstore
I love it
F b
Ok

I can't able to login

New updates are sucks. the app is crashes every time
I love Facebook
Its doin all right n working good...WTF!!but how 2 find whos online...????it doesnt shows whos online....plz fix it...
Good
Awesome
Love
iluv it
Very awesome
Always touch with frds
keep kicking out of app
Like this Facebook app

Imaging
Just amazing...
Its not that bad just too much drama
Fase book
Nice
I'm using a 2g network, loading speed is bad and having too many lags. I don't know why but it sucks!
cool
Because of MB
Gd apps
Very nice application
:)
The number one  commumucation around the world
I love it..
This app is so sooooooooper and amazing
Why? ? Tell us Why the amount of this app getting so high i remember first thattt this take only 25 nnow this is 45 mb uhhh
Too much space and freezes to much
I like the app because its easier to access the fb quicker !
Everytime theres a new update the app is a pain to use for a while
o
Bapak poe
Yes
Paltan
I get notifications from websites where I checked,"don't show on Facebook", I wish you could reply to comments, why can't we see posts in chronological order instead of order of popularity, why are pages disappearing from my time line, and why do I get notifications when someone else comments on a post I comment on?
@gmail com
Good niiice
§£§ã§Ö §â§Ñ§Ò§à§ä§Ñ§Ö§ä §ã§ã§ã§ã§å§á§á§Ö§â
Great
Great app!
Download
I don't want that message app
Its faster way to get your update of facebook.
Can be improved
Ok
Runs slow and always crushing on my LG-E739...please fix it
I like it
Gud 2 go.
07/30/14
Its good but it seems to be slower instead of faster.
Kerana blh berkomunikasi
Awsome
App
I don't want the message app
This app doesnt even show a "via Android" or something it just shows your location! Please make it say via android just like the iPhone says "via iOS" or "via iPhone" Its so simple n boring AF!
Very nc ......
Upset messenger is on a separate app
Uroba moti bhense
This app needs more space....so I am gonna uninstall it....
Nice one
To much processing
Motimama
Facebook is not working perfectly
Great baby
Want to use it but phone can't handle it. It takes up too much space.
exellence
I dont get notifications when i am tagged or someone comments on my post. I didnt off my notifications i never did but i dont get any anymore why?!
These app works very slow on my cell phone, please Check and do something about it
Nice one.
Nic

I love it
I cn add frnds wherever u are! I like dis so much
Sheta phone sarkho tayo ke nhai....
Fast looking every where
I don't need another app to check my messages.
Its sucks....crash everytym
good app..
Hangs the phone.
Excellent
when  I want to post a photo.. all. picture view.. need to look. so. long to find a pic.. please update so it's sort on folder.. easy to find...
I love it
Really?
Love facebook
I hate the FB app it don't work
Dejavu
Very nice
Of course everyone likes fb
It's great
This app gets worse with every update.
So good
Jaan
Ok
Notifications won't load, pictures won't load. What's new?
New update is for lack of a better word CRAP!!!! Dont fix something that isnt broken.
Why am I subscribed to All the ppl I unfollowed? Error cant hide story!!! Pls fix
Fb bikin msalh
See, Facebook keeps u N ur friends in access. Always appreciate N in favor of the great invention. Use, share, know and help, what else we need here. Positive always
Ntng
Work
This application takes up too much space as it is. I will not be installing a separate application just so I can message people
I Hate how I don't have the option to see most recent posts on the main news feed. Everything is mixed together and its really annoying!!
Takes to much memory..
Woow u need to try it
Slowly ..my fone always hang
NA
Wish I could delete this off my phone....the only thing I can do on this app is upload pics! Piece of cr@p! Cant even uninstall it!
Decent app
I love fb
Doesnt load the pics
Sorry for my bad impressions about this one but please don't hate me. I think it's: Too slow on downloading & installing it | Once it was intalled, I can't open it. It keeps on forcing itself to close & I hate it. | It takes too much space.
Love is life
This app is to fast for another Facebook. . I loved it..:)
It works fine
Supper
Mrs Sandlin
Nyc....
Facebook is an awesome app for android phones for fast chatting and mny more
App keeps crashing on my Note 3. I open app and it will load news feed then just close itself. Tried to uninstall and re install and im now getting a error code 24 can't instal. Wtf facebook. Please help with this
Thank you!
Awesome app
it is taking a lot of my phone memory......
Good
Hindi not working is sowing
It's a GREAT app, I have been in touch with family and friends that I haven't seen for years....
Love it
I want to be able to decide when to play the videos, I don't want the app doing that for me.
Dun mak messenger a compulsion just to promote it!!  This app is great!!
This app is most useful but it is to large MB. So when i open my fb than my mobil storge need to free spece. And hang my mbl any time.
Awwesome
oh men ! how could it be ? i still recall when i lastly install this apps it was 18mb and crutially i was shocked why is it becoming bigger increasing up to 45mb . Probably, im now force to uninstall this apps wether this is a compulsory apps that helps me connect fast at the highest standard of my phone. In addition, thank you for having this kinda apps, i too much enjoyed this but i have to uninstall and remove this for the sake of saving my phone's mb. Thank you . i will just leave it 5 stars.
Perfectooo
gyjt
Thanks if you agree to do this ? And fix video or updated
Pretty me. <3
Interesting
Too much memory to be used
Too much space
Good but error in install
Kadak
Super......
This is a best aap in allover the world to connect each other on this social networking app only
Bloody app failed even second time wasting my mb
No other any options.
facebook live
Okay sa Olrayt
Good apps
Facebook is a cool version
Bkt hndi ko mai down load ang fb profile ganda p naman
Too much storage needed
Face
Great this is so fast
I'm
Good
Package has bad manifested
Needs improvement
Hi
Very slow and can't load comments

Woooo
Superb for interconecting
Some problem in Facebook in Android phones
Gud liked it but it is very slow for new updates
i Love this facebook it's help me a lot
Shall wait and c
I love this
Very good app
Must install in samsung galaxy mobiles
Gud to have Facebook app
Avg
Thank you for this app
Why so much space ...
2 apps to use Facebook, really?!?!? Completely stupid and unnecessary! The main app is so large as it is!
Cool app
My HTC wildfire s a510e on fb is poor
Simply super
Superb
Good
Best App
Occupies lot of space

It takes too much space... But other than that it is okay... It shouldn't take so much space up.......
It has been very handy the last year and easier than using the mobile website but if I need two separate apps for messages and the rest of Facebook I'm just uninstalling it and using the website.
tried uninstalling and reinstalling bothing working
J
As expected.
Deer kha
Super fine :) :) Very helpful :) :)
Love it
Much better
Great
To watch sports
Nice
80 + Mb seriously it is bullsh!T

It's fast
Conny  rodrigues like  Facebook
Really tired of constantly seeing yesterdays news when I hit most recent or I get yesterdays news that I never seen yesterday.  You ppl need to get it together..not like I can't get back on my laptop and blow this app uo off my phone. Stop being idiots and find some brains cause right now none of you are the brightest in the color pack!
Good
Lu
J's kahsks
It slows down my s3
Awesome apps!!!
It is super fast!
N
Can¡®t even load the app
No title
Ala but difficult too use
I love it

Better now!!!
Wonderful
Love
I hate it know it keeps telling me I'm blocked from sending every month y have this app any more if It's ganna be like that then ima uninstall it keeps telling me to up date and al that and this stupid sh*t don't wanna work (creators of Facebook if u don't fix the problems on it people r going to uninstall this and they won't use it anymore )man I wish we could put negative stars on this cause I would give -5 on this.
Mak yey konpapa peal
Awesome
The new update says we can choose to see most recent status updates but i cant... i also have issues with the loading.. way too slow and that's when it decides to load... feel like i should just uninstall and use my web browser
Love it
A-One. Nice one.
Hm
Awesome
Hay
Very useful
its a miracle
Its a nice
Like posts, photos, status adnd pages when you are offline.
Good apps
Its a great app to keep in touch with everyone.
Whenever i try to open it comes force close on screen ..i can hardly open once a day
And that is true
Very good
Muhammad Usman
thanku facebook campane
After I did the updated on the app it no longer allows me to view my videos...also I have deleted the app in have gotten it back same thing...even on then Web it does it seriously it's annoying fix it
Its nice :)
better go to web
Perfect
HTC
It's supposed to be 20mbs bout it takes the whole space, 50 mbs oops that bad for my phone
Nice App
Force close force close force close force close
thank you facebook love love love it...
I liked it.. Bt it frequently stops responding
Update sucks!!!
likee
Exlent
It's annoying bc It always error something and it's super annoying and it takes way to much space I can't have any apps bc of the space it takes up
Great app 4 social contacts
I am using karbonn titanium s5plus i cannot use stickers or send file to anyone and have same problem with messenger.. please deal with and fix it...
I wish that i could see photos that others have posted right away. I seriously have to turn my phone off and back on before going onto FB. WTH
I am using the Facebook app for a very long time but after the some pervious updates it started using to much battery for example if my battery is about 75% but if I use Facebook for 10 minutes the battery comes to 45% please fix it!!!
Hope for d best..m
Ikran
Nice work
My FB
Very good app but i cant see whos online pls fix it
Forcing me to install your crap messenger app? I think not. Bye to both. Going browser based now.
Menyukainya
Nice app
good
Abhishek
Love love
This app requires so much space . You must be thankful to me to give this app 1 star !
Moving messages to messenger app? What the hell. You people ever thought of low end devices? Devices with RAM<=512 mb are facing difficulty in handling one app and you are forcing them to install two apps both heavy enough. Why? Not all are rich like you, developers.
Too much space & now forcing to install messenger
thank you facebook dahil sayo i met him ng tuluyan...
I know you have to fix issues, but every time you do, you screw something else up! Now the whole app is messing my phone up! Samsung galaxy 2...
Keep it up
Fb

Good
DONT HAVE A PROBLEM AT ALL! Recap I will be uninstalling facebook till a new update freezes my fone and then makes fone very slow due to size.why didn't I listen to the reviews? F%@&@%
Its a spectacular way to communicate with all my friends, even if their across the world. I can definitely work with this app.
Very good
I give 5 star now completed this app
Gud apps
Love u
This is so gorgeus
Menyukainya
Best
This app is taking much RAM of my phone, it is not as smooth as the first version. This problem is getting more serious every time I update it. Facebook, please, optimize your apps so we can use this app smoother. I am prefer more features from you but want a better interface only..
Don't up date keep the same and it will work
Nice app
Dareach168
Wowwwww awsm app ever
gppd
Next upgrade , waiting
Nice
awesome
I use it to communicate with my family and friends in other country it doesn't have any problem 
Good ..   and Superb
Great app
After downloading it increases to 35mb pls fix it thank you
La verdad 10 puntos en mi SGS4
Pls fix it.
Could be better but ok
Saiwan rashidy
It's 23mb of pure time wasting battery eating phone hogging goodness... :-p
amazing I really love this one!!!
Need "most recent stats" ... NOT most popular !!!!! Fix it asap !!!!
Nice
Love It
I like it beacus you can talk to your frendes
With the phone and app on latest version it freezes so often, at any stage in news feed or messages !
Fast
Really nice working
this version not good for 2g network.....very slow version .....plz make better
Sya suka la...
But some features should be updated
I love this website.. Makes my life COMPLETE.. If I love, I never forget FB coz' Fb is the bridge to find My Mr. Right <3
Very good
Good
Just loved it
Good
I can't view videos on my timeline fix it
OK fine
Its do not show notification on top of the screen....so plz do it..
It advertises 20mb in size but it gets bloated to 72mb and boggs down many Android phones.  Now that messenger is going to be ANOTHER app that is more room taking up our space.  This is BS.  Why not come out with a Facebook LITE??
Israiel is Terrorist & Zunberg is not stand By Israiel Im Byecott & De activate FB Account
Wow that's amezing
hard to play the videos and keep saying error.. disgusting!
Used to be great, now it force closes so often I just use my browser to open Facebook because 95% of the time the app won't even open. Haven't been getting any push notifications or anything. Fix this or I'm uninstalling by next Wednesday.
Stops at 97% nonesence even one star is high
I can never open my page since the last upgrade and I've sent multiple messages complaining and still nothing has changed nor have I heard back from FB??? I have to use my browser to get to my page and half the time that doesn't work either??? I would at least appreciate a response to this problem!!!
Not better but good app
Lyheang
It's a shame there isn't a PIN lock option and now that they are separating messages to a new app... well, looks like I'm just not going to be getting Facebook messages on my mobile
Pls fix contacts sync with peoples app for kitkat..
Love being spyed on :) doesn't even work on my phone :) love it :D...
Verry nice
my Facebook don't download coming err919
Best but to mush space install 20mb after install get 45mb if u want play facebook or other app just suggest opera mini
Hardly ever use this app. Pain in the butt to use the simplest of tasks. Usually use the desktop version of Facebook using the chrome browser instead.
Wow
I love the application
I guess Facebook is not good for under18
I love this app
Very nice and cool.
ej
Am not able to download this app...am so sad...
Now pushing another app for messages. Come on. No one wants another app to read an email. It's not broke don't change it
Works fine
Still worthless app, dont have option to directly copy texts from other pages and do not have privacy option where you define who all can see except few by putting names;  which is available via browser. And the worst part is, its consuming so much space around 65mb of my phone. I hardly have space for other apps and I cant remove this shit from my Sony Xpera phone as its inbuilt app. I can onLy disable it to keep my phone working smooth.
Love
Is awsome
App still crashes on Xperia Z2 when streaming videos. Please fix.
Good
Like this
really slow
Veriy nic
good
Best app
i really hate it :(
Nice This
i think its not okay because i can't see whose online in  my friends!! please fix this problem!!! :(....
Some actions are not available comparing with PC br owser and iOS version
Very good
Awesome
Awsome app
Nice
Nice
It doesn't let me play videos anymore please fix
smart phone becomes slow with this app, uninstalled it, it's pretty fast now on my note 1 samsung.
Thanks
Siti
Y do u keep sending freackin messages that I didn't make about some stupid iPad contest  its so freakin annoying STOP IT!
Its really very good application
Yshaan
The hell why? Just gonna install if this app takes a lot of space. Ill tell my friends not to install this because its taking a lot of space.
Loved it

Ok
Change of feedback.. Haha.. The new fb is better.. Thanks
Don
I love fb
I can't live without u (face book).
Ilove deeply  Azhir kolvy hfz
Nice
My phone is running fine with the app and I have no problems with it...
So nice
F b
Too slow.
The last update fixed it. I really loved it but the ads keep coming. Pls remove some of them because its so annoying. Btw good job guys :)
the setting of changing of the cover pic is not there after the last update why is it so ????
The
The  facebook is so cool it like you can text to all the people you want and it so cool because you can  look your friends perfil and you cand puplick all what you want :-) and that"s so cool and excellent and you can look what people put in the Facebook that's incredebol and know I have a boyfriend and it solo cool and cut he is like cut,and he to lindo to be true I like to see hem again. it  because of the school we cand see lo dos and he send photos of love like ¡°I love you"and it so cut I love  facebook
Facebook and Messenger combined eat up roughly 45MB of space on my already slow phone. Your updates don't help at all. I might as well uninstall the app and check my msgs on the web! Also the app performs poorly and is proving to be cumbersome.
It occupies big spaces in my storage
So nice app
I like this side
Very easy to use
Luv dis page
Good
Excellent
Sure.
Good
It's good but sometimes it's slow for loading page.Auto run make my phone work slow down and hang.Your app use space more and more when you upload.My phone have low spec please solve.
Loveinn itt,
Randomly won't let me watch videos
Even crashes sometimes!
I almost don't have to say anything, everyone knows Facebook is the bomb...
to a craaaaawwwl....
Disappoint
Too much memory to occupy !! Pls work it.
Hate it.. Kc laki nang mb
super lol
Very nice
Takes up too much space!... -_-
Lovedeep
Being away from face book have u ever think & i was away i was like samaj se alag
It not getting downloaded whereas i have 65mb free
Its crazy fun.
For few hours
Nice
So fun
love it
Thought you were a multi million dollar company why force people to download messenger it Crap fucks with everything
Good app!
I can't even download again cause the mb is too dam much
Excelent
4  making  money  4  JEW  (ZUCKERBERGS)
Nice
Facebook's
Superb
K  Kkkk
Salman
Gr8
Wish i could give it ten star..
Dope
Great
Nic
I love facebook. Facebook is best app.
Great
My memory card can't do it
Please update in it. Change Group cover option. Please
Its amazing
Love it
Ajayresmeemgr
Very gud bt takes a lot of memoryy upto 55MB
Very very nice to much space
Good
Galaxy S4. Runs fine
Too much space !
Plees plees add vedio downloader for vedio facebook plees
It's toooooo slow I hate it
And It take for ever To do simple stuff
Its like all of my gadgets have already this and I'm downloading one on my phone :))
I can't install it because it's taking too much space .
Nice app to get connected
It just keeps exiting the application for no reason!
Good
consumes too much space on my phone
Super loved!
Always FC
Nice
I just luv itttttttt
Above average!!!!
Nyc app.....
This is a load of rubbish it won't let me go on Facebook messages without downloading messenger don't you think that is a little ridiculous if you change that I will give It more stars but for now it has one star .
This app is brilliant
On my Android 4.2.2, the app runs great! BUT.... I wish it didn't take up 121MB of total space. Or at least use the SD card for app and/or data storage. 121MB is a lot of space stolen from my app storage memory. Another nice option would be to delete data that is not related to the login data to reduce space usage. Other problems: 1. Not being able to copy text from a post 2. Sometimes when I try to click on "Continue Reading" it doesn't show the rest of the post, it just shows the comments
Controls / link don't work for reporting problm.  News feed stuck on one setting ..."most popular" no controls present for "most recent"
I cant update this app, it wont let me and I've tried a few times to get it
All videos posted in fb crashes in the middle. Im using sony z2
Plese help the app to not take up much space for the phone but overall it is ok
Seriously?  You now have to have TWO apps to do what the already quite large app already does (or did I guess)? That's redundant. And makes no sense at all. See im so flustered Im mixing up past/present tense. Urg. What were you guys thinking?  The nice thing about Facebook was that you could do what all other social media apps individually did in one place. Not anymore.  Time to delete account.  Twitter and Instagram it is. Poor choice Facebook.
This app suck DICK
Bravo good works..i m loving it...umhaa
I don't want a separate app for messaging!
Ala yr
like i said this app take away too much space i remember it gaining 20 mb but now 45 mb thats insane and theres more my cleanmaster said that facebook has virus i hate to admit it but facebook is the  worst app ever :[
Awesome
I like this page
almost 20mb and when u already installed it bcomes 40mb,watz ds?
I should not need 2 apps just to use the full fb experience. That takes up more space on my phone. I don't use messages for IM just as messages. Wtf! The updates just keep getting more ridiculous.
best
I love Facebook
12345
koolio
Awesome
Ok
Nice
Thanks for this app

Good
Kaimzzz
ok
My crazy cat.
Ayer last update it wing even open. It would stay on the blue loading screen and it messed up other apps as well
Come on Facebook give us a decent Facebook for android tablet.The layout sucks! Too much whites and poorly quality videos.
I like it because I get to talk to my family and friends
Facebook
Facebook
Nice
Loved it
Awful. It jitters when scrolling and freezes up randomly. Even when I'm not using it a message will pop up on my phone asking me if I want to close it because it's not responding. All these years, all that money and you still can't make a decent app.
I'm just gonna use the web cause I want to download apps and I can because of the space. Please fix and I'll install again. If I could rate 0 I would
Raj
It is awesome
Time pass
Supper
Cooooooooooooooool!!!
Excellent
Ama ko ina ko nagugutom ako.
Cool

Good App
Ok
I can't use internal player's to play the videos
too much space..
Group S
if i have a video that uploaded using facebook in my news feed the app crash if itsbthe first post in the news feed the app start open crash loop
I can't copy a text to clipboard on my galaxy s5...please fix it..and also can't save any pic fron fb to my mobile.otherwise i 'll give it 5 star....
This app has improved a lot. The fact that my location is tagged by default let's it down.
Its a good app.although it does take up too much space. And it has trouble loading. Over all it works fine.
Facebook
Wtf , news feed don't even come up in most recent. It's all mixed up. Fkn faggs.

K
I dont know why but this pass month 80% of my data has been sucked in by the Facebook app. Its never done that before and its also tsken up loads of space too. Please sort this out
Yasin
Lep's world
very nice!!
Fine app....
We will see.....wont we
Just saying
It suck,Can not play video all the time
Haha i love this
KSU kg DRG it SD cf own hi ue Ru
Its work awesome
Good
Better
It is cool
Good app
The android version of the app needs the reply feature for individual comments. what may seem like 'comment replies' to people's comments on desktop browsers and iOS devices, end up as indirect responses on android
The space it takes makes the biggest difference no space for other apps to be installed
I can't download any other apps
Hihihihih
Well I am seeing news from 2 days ago. And when I refresh, I see the same stories, just in a different order. Beginning to suck really bad! There must be a different app to use to talk to people. Hint hint.
cant watch videos
Ok.. :p
RAJASTHAN
not bad
I like this
Slow! Will not load any pictures, links.  Will not load through any app therefore any app that requires facebook is unuseable. Also cannot see the most recent stories.  What is the purposes of going to facebook to see the same status and missing recent ones. Reinstalled and it didn't fix the problem.   Fix it!
TOO MUCH SPACE . I hate this
Good
It have every think we need it
PACKAGE FILE IS INVALID.. at my lenovo A60+.. help please
I like this page
covering more space in my phone
I can't installed this app cauae to much space
It is very fast brosering to facebook
best update ever!!
Is it to much to ask for people's status to be in order from whem it was posted? I dont really like seeing a status from wednesday pop up first on friday.
Before it's great, but after update, need long time to open this app, ? Need the old one
Chetna nahar
Sucks
Only if it would worked in low connectivity.
Sucks
The best apps
Naic app
Uninstall
Your app is so lag when im having a convo with a friend and posting a comment.. evrytime i made a comment or sending a message your app is delay and lag pls fix it!!!
Why this app is 20 mb while when I'm done installing it, it will turn out to be 100 mb. This is bullshit
szuper :D
:-)
Way better now
Make it look and work like the IOS version.until than,1 star.
Very kool app
Lavyou
Its gud
Freezes just a little but all in out it good oh yeah takes up too much space
New update is good.
useable
Okay this app is about 7mb to download then it used to go up to 20mb, why is it taking so much more memory like come on people enjoy having other apps you know, but any case this app simply has taken to much space for what it's really used for.
Slow and sometimes non-existent loading of status comments, photos, news feed and pages, despite fast handset and web connection. Only since last couple of updates.  I do not like your messenger app,  neither does half of the world.. We should not be forced to use it.. Please listen to your public and reintegrate messages with this app... Or at least give a real reason why not?  Also, the new 'popular' news feed is awful.. Why not give users the option to customise the order posts appear in their feed?
Best
:)
Unable to update due to the size. I used to be able to have loads of apps on my phone but every time i update fb the less space i have and I've had to delete my other apps just to update fb.
I really love it
Works for 24 hours then locked up. Have to reinstall every night.
nice app
Love it
Great app!!!
Khan
Always works and love compared to going online! #1!
Facebook via mobile is awesome.
M
I love it
I like it
You guys should try and separate messenger from Facebook I try to message from facebook but messenger pop up chat head pops up
Luv
Last update time doesn't show ne more.
I'm so annoyed that i cant even update it now because it takes so much space it would be better just going on wed because then you don't have to install any thing els to it like messenger because now i can even have my other games on it.
After installing it not opening ... only .. showing the app must download again..
Taik kucing
It's good than messenger. ...I just lllllllllooooooovvvvvvvveeeeeee.      Ittttttttttttt....
It's not letting me save anything. It's always error saving. It's been happening worse since this update. It also takes up way to much space.
V good
Nice app
Thanks
Good
Superb
Good
Always having problems with it. Force closes a lot and always buggy, like tells me to check my internet connections when my connection is at 100%
It is for my device and it is too good cparition to it's perivews version.
Its better than messenger
Very nice
Cannot save pictures directly
farahlve69696
Not good
Wao amazing I like it
This is a great social media app what else is there to say just about everyone has a Facebook I enjoy the free games personally
toooooo many updates niy good at all :-|
Super
Waddiv
And eats a lot of memory (60-100 Mb). Why?
Requires too much space
Facebook have much space
Too poor
Good software
Nice app but acquire more space on my phone.....
Nyc app
I hate how we can't see our comments on pages and the replies... i also hate the birthdays... i can only see 3 people even when the birthday celebrants  are more than that
Good
This is the cool aap
The application only requires 20mb but after i download it . The require space is increased by 70mb
I cant see my videos that i upload.i feel frustrated to see it.and it takes up too much  storage on my phone,it makes hang.
There is problem with this app, as when i connect it after a few mintues its goes shut off.
^-^
Good application this time
It says 18mb but after a few days, it eats almost 80mb of my phone. I am using galaxy y only so i uninstalled all my games but it eats more space so i uninstalled fb now. Fix it.....
good
Itz a very good 1
Very helpful
Too large of a file
Gyea
I can't get notifications! I don't want top stories!! Put it back!!!!
Love it
But is not that fast at loading
Mr timer
Worked fine until a update today!! Now opens for 3secs and closes with no messege.. takes up too much space and is becoming a horrible app sort it out you make enough money off it
Does not show the most recent post and it is supper slow!!....and it never refreshes this app seriously needs work 
This application consume too much space on my phone. I can't afford this application to be installed on my mobile phone due to low internal memory.
It takes half of d memory
I can't even install it
I like it
Need an option to see recent news feed. I wish I never updated it. I hate it!
Its taking way too much space! Can't download NOTHING after I download fb app..so I decided to uninstall until y'all do something about it..Hope its soon!!!
Good
Obviously this a great app!!
slow
Please reduce memory consumption.. it is slowing the phone
Nice
Fun with this application
Its d biggest social network app
I can never watch videos fix it asap
I can't download the app. Says "package file is invalid." Also, the app is too damned large. Can't download it because it contains too much useless data. Either quit making superflous updates, or create a condensed version of facebook.
Where's the "reply" option on comments?!? "Likes" disappear.
It takes to much space
Nice app
Online, Offline
Improve on bugs can be done.
Just ok...
Good app
They work for a bit then come up with am error half way through, really frustrating
Awesome app...
Bhut mast ha................
There are some issues which should be solved overall great work. After doing so get 5 satrs from me.... :)
good
Non reliable in low access areas
Taking too much space. No free memory in my mobile. Pls take action.
Selamat hari raya aidilfitri diucapkan kpda semua..
Best app ever
Superrbbb apps for the facebook
It consume more battery and ram and also hang my phone and also slow process at 2g net. Please fix it.
Very slow and cover extra space
Won't let me upload anything to my wall. Videos, photos, or status. Exits as soon as I click upload. Fix!!!
Too much space
Ojala nunca te hubieran inventado
Shriji
Tasia
New message pop-up is missing sometimes.
So slow
I like
As soon as I downloaded this app n I did it a couple times on purpose but my tablet would instantly freeze up n I would have black windows and even when not in that app its self it slows down my entire tablet
Good
This application
Getting better!!
NIce
ok
It is very annoying. Please fix it
I cannot download this facebook
very nice i like this app
u
Notifications have nothing to do with me and app drains battery.  Updates are useless.
Too much space and keeps on force closing!!!!!!
Wow!
Still not happy with it now i dont have all my feeling icons what is going on?
Facebook keep crashing. Please fix it
it's best
Why there's no privacy setting for post to friends of friends using Android? I need to use desktop to customize it before I can see and choose on my phone. Hope you can enhance this feature.
Very good
Good app
It is a.Great app but it takes,up alot of space
Nothing to say...but it is so wonderful,,
Good
Since i have Updated this FB Version, this app doesn't re-direct to any URL or LINK, it doesn't go further when u click on Read more, or Click on More Photo's. It just stays on the same page. Even if u Refresh it again and again. I rate it 08 out of 100.
Love
But slow
Like my famely
Takes up way too much space on phone and now I get an email saying we have to get messenger separate too? I do not think so!
very bad suck all my ph memory
It's a really good app really fun too
But it stops suddenly alot  is times
Good for meeting new people and catching up with family and friends and playing games and sharing pics
Dont always, fix designs or other things that is not important, fix the amount of Megabytes.
Snelheid kan beter. Verder wordt de app steeds iets  beter, maar de app is nu wel ERG groot aan het worden...
Takes too much space, it's very slow, it hogs data, I get the messages notifications twice since I have your other messaging application. It should let you mute one by default not force me to go look how to configure your mediocre application.
But want to tell
I like the new update
I like it
Can't install the app cause it says error -24? Help.
Excellent

I love this app
I cant stall again this app after uninstalling it..what happen?
Keeps on crushing even if i try remove and download it again, I cant access, am using an ASUS TAB
I was just up dating and I got the code of"961"....can you please tell me what I can do I'm on the galaxy prevail....thank you
Tot
:-)
Can time pass & search with new new frnds ... ¡·¡·facebook = friendsbook ¡¶¡¶
Like it
FB is like the town I live in - everyone hates it, but no one seems to wanna leave. Because they aren't content just leaving well enough alone, FB is preparing to remove messaging from the regular FB app and forcing us to download Messenger in order to receive our messages. As if one app (that seems to increase in size with every update) isn't enough!
best apps I am this apps deli us on bi osam aapss
it's really too fast
bt much spece..why like this"
Urang
Actually I'm just going to try it now,  I'm not really sure how it works but as I saw the comments below I'd really doubted. But let's try it first.
It's better then the older version.
TOO MUCH SPACE!!!! that is soooo stupid!!!!  but it is a good app plz just lower the space it takes up!!
Really fun & a little bit too addictive. Just like being on the computer. The only problem I have; is it a very large app and its unable to be moved to your sd card.
The best
ok
I Liked
Awesome. This loads quickly even in bad service areas
Love it
Who "likes" Facebook, raise your hand?  Who is on Facebook only because it got there first and that's where everyone else is?  Kinda stuck, right?  Right.  Give Google Plus a try -- it's the only serious contender and it actually is pretty flexible, friendly and clever.  It's nicely woven in with email, YouTube, cloud backups of your mobile device, and unlimited backups of your photos.  I'm  starting to dig it.  Give it a chance.
Glitches
Suoer cook
Upgrade
Some time it takes so much time  to open & updates the data..... please fix it.
Exelent
It's ok except for the fact that the app space takes up to 170mb and each update it increases;Too much storage required.
So cool
Best Social Network Ever .
I love facebook x
I hate the new app. Always freezes, takes up too much space, freezes my phone
My phone memory full because of facebook
Works well for what I use it for.
Best
Great
Something had happened and now I'm not able to log into my account, I had top make a new one and I have to stay all over if I want an account. Please fix this asap cause I hate having to make a new account.
Good
Great.
Not installing the app
Good job work
Need more change
Note 3 all up to date software.  I hate that you have to go through so much to see your most recent list and for a few weeks now the app freezes and when I close and restart the app it does the same thing.  It's locked up my whole system and ive had to do hard reboots.  Fix this shiz, you're already making millions it's the least you can do!
Pan
I am very happy with u r service thank u
OK app, very amusing,  but it takes so much space I have to delete all the stuff I use just to get new things and it takes up so much space that I can't even get the update and then I'd have to get another app just to message people, I think not! >:(
I lovee Facebook.! Just to much space
Beutiful muchh
Myo Thant Thanks
Superb
I removed Facebook from my cell tonight because of the forced move to install messenger. I will NOT be Forced to use anything on MY phone.
Its obvious you guys have cotton in your ears or something because you aren't listening to anyone! No one wants to have to install messenger to get messages me included! Also this app takes up more data then the my little pony game by gameloft on my phone reduce the file size or something!
Bijapu
Its all the other stuff they are adding which  is making it a bit slower.
I'm not goimg to bother updating this anymore since they're taking out messages. I use fb messenger for a separate fb account, its not worth it.
Too much space can¡®t even install other apps because it's getting all my system space. Sorry 1 star only
Best Facebook Apps Ever!
Unemployment
Smart Apps
Best
space in my phone, fix it plis :( for five stars.
IDGT Kevin gates
Ok
I love it
pls fix!fix!fix!
F off, FB
Jayantadas
I would rate a five if only it didnt take up so much space on my phone
Love
Awesome
Since last update, runs so slow that shows weeks old posts... plz fixxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx itttttttgtggggg ...finally I have stopped using this app because it's useless now and full of bugs
Facebook supersedes all.
waiyannaing
Facebook Is A Really Good App But Let's Upgrade It A little More
I mean instagram much better than this.. i just want download it for piccolage thats all
The reason im giving this app zero stars if it was possible cuz it doesn't let me do nothing it doesn't load and it doesn't show nothing very very disappointed with this app so if i could give it zero stars i would
It never keys me watch any video. Or have a real social life because my chick thinks I'm cheating all the time now
Satisfied application
Awesome
There is still some hick ups during scrolling.
Success
Thanks for the first time.
Wow...... What a nice app...
Its a best app
Good
Why does it jump back to the top of my page? I can be looking at something half way through the posts for the day, and suddenly I'm back at the beginning. It stinks because I have to scroll all the way back to were I was :-(
Awesome
Its very nice
Too many permissions
:-)
Ye software bhot bhot ...nice hy plz instal this on your phone...
Best
It's awesome
Great way to keep in touch with family and friends.  Awesome way to share photos and fun times.
Love the changes made periodically but Really Dislike the A*holes who report nudity on a pic that isn't. XoSx*Jasmine SX #weshouldknowwhoisacrybaby
I dont have enough space for all the games i want.
This has been a problem in both iOS and Android for years. Hanfpgs more than any other app I've ever used, and it's clearly it's own update process that does it. Seems to indicate FB doesn't okay well with others, especially operating systems. Loses comments and crashes now. Same a year later.
Good
Best social app
Nicee
Motorola Photon Q
:)
It takes tooo much space......plz sort this
Consumes more ram space.
Removing it from my phone
Bkwas
Magar
Its good
Very slow and won't go to page fast enough :/
.it really takes a lot of hour to install .since last day till now i can't install this app..please fix it!! .. thank you.!
Yep
Gull gill .1
It's great because l can find my friend's
It has been acting up and will not allow me to watch any videos please fix
Too much space
Too much space ( always low memory) . Guys wake UP !!!
Hey NSA read the Constitution stop spying on everyone !!! The country is "broke" but you got all this money to pay the worst president Ever
I love it love it! !!!!!!!
Very angry
Whenever i opens it after 10 to 20 seconds it closes
I hate this update I can't keep must recent up like I used to! Who cares what happened days ago. If I cared I would look on their profile! I want most recent to stay my main choice. Also it keeps force closing I can't do anything with it! Seriously fix these problems quick or goodbye Facebook! And I one I'm not the only one that feels this way! Bring the old update back or fix it to the way people like me will like Facebook again!
Can't see post with pictures because it takes forever to load them. The facebook app just doesn't work well like it use before adding so much stuff to it. And also I think Its pointless to have to use a messenger app just to receive the messages. Really unhappy with this facebook app. I might uninstall it.
Wow
I hope everyone at Facebook realizes that forcing all of the Android users to download another crappy app of theirs is only going to encourage people to uninstall the Facebook app. And then what? Facebook will lose money. Both apps take up too much room, and this was probably one of the worst marketing techniques ever. I'm only downloading the app because I don't want to ignore my messages. However, I'm extremely close to throwing up my hands with BOTH apps. Actually listen to your customers for once.
Exciting....
Even though the update take a huge space my defy+ bares it...n run it all.....
Its vry slow
Konate
The app seems to be getting better
Hahahah its the best
Why facebook app version over 5.0.0 do not download.
I love this app
Uninstalling i do not want to download a separate app to get my measages.... this app just gets worse and worse..... Facebook get your crap together.
I can't put like to the pics,please fix it :-/
W T F and now force you to install this stupid mesenger
Nice App really
Awesome
This is dumb
Emng iyee
I can't open my account.My password has been changed by someone I don't know
Awesome update
()'O
Too Much Space
Love it
Absolutely love it 
I love it
nice
Good App to upload photo any time any where...
Gay
Perfect
Gaaayyyyyyy
Its a grt application
Slim it down a little! App is too big!
Updated and its too much MEMORY...THIS SUCKS!
#crazyMa Nice app, would be much better if it didn't take up so much space, especially since now we are being forced to download fb messenger.
Honestly this is ridiculous, this app is now taking up over 60mb of my data... I'm disgusted
I dont like the update sucks...it takes 50-55mb my phone full because this app
Asks for so many things to use without mg permission like camera microphone texts almost everything
Koi kuch bhe bole par i m loving it wow
Achha hai but mehanga hai I think it must be 20 mb aur bohot load leta hai..........?) Bhangar...........!!!!)
Love it
Best app ever
But only cuz it lags alot
I Like The Way It Vibrate :)
9101991lin
Absolutely junk app
Some videos do not play when u tap on them and when it does, it may palay for a few secs then crash.. Even when you're just scrolling and videos auto play, the app will crash
Takes up way too much space.
Nice
One more thing...if we can sync the birthdays to local calendar that could be better...
Its very good app.
nice one
Kinda sketchy that it needs access to everything. Why not just have it like on the computer. Why do they need to spy on everything
New feeds is not loading when i open my homepage it stucks and the notication error loading newfeeds appear if u changed it ill give u 5 stars
Too many space
Why more spaces needed !!!
awesome
Takes up to much space
Too mush space
Slow open
I will give this app extra 4 stars only if it works properly
Good
Awesome app  download it nd use itt its really awesome in wrking
Do the managers of Facebook really not see the complaints they are receiving from their users? I mean seriously I've been going through other reviews and seeing nothing but angry customers. The app takes up too much space. The newsfeed has become extremely limited. The whole new messaging system is upsetting everyone. The list goes on. We want our old Facebook back. If that doesn't happen soon, Facebook's popularity will continue to decline until it's a thing of the past.
Its amazing....
It takes to much space. I updated it and it can't load because it says I don't have enough space.  Which sucks plz do something about this if not I'm just not going to update anymore.
Well it's a tad bit better than the last update.
Now everytime i try to play a video it says there is an error and it cannot be played. I tried uninstalling the app but is always the same. Please solve this problem.
It needs a sort button.  I ONLY want to see my News Feed in chronological order.  FB has added all this mumbo jumbo but it has omitted an extremely useful feature.  I don't want to have to go into settings each time.  Mobile site much better, APP stinks.
Crashes to much
All  I ever get is junk from people play this or see this its all trash
Good app but takes way to much space
Xoxo
Very nice app.......... good
uses far to much phone memory would be better if you could download direct onto a memory card. did love this app
Nice.......
won't open keeps crashing

Very good
doesnt have like feeling,listening to etc. Why is it like that?! =(
I think this is 5th time I install and uninstall this app. This is due to an expanding its space ie. when I installing this app its space is 18.05 Mb but after few day continue expanding it self to 58 Mb thus this cause problem to my phone
It's Ok !
Verry  good
ok
This new update is TERRIBLE. Its so slow and it keeps saying its not responding. Always forces to close out. And it kills my battery and takes up too much space.
Love
Good app to conect world wide with friend's......
it saves a lot of data.. from news feeds it saves up to 200mb ...
Its has some problems
Cinta ku sentiasa untuk mu sayang
Awesome
Can't complain
Helps me keep in touch with family and friends. I even found childhood friends...
I like it so far- but is there anyway I can post things when im offline?
DIP AHMED,IN MY FONE(SANSUNG GALAXY S5)ITS NEED MORE SPACE.SO I HATE THIS
Not to happy messages are being sent to messenger
It won't load straight uninstall i don't play no games i ain't got no time fo that
Slotema
Comment
Awesome. .....
Good one.
Things in this universe that really, really suck:    1]  FACEBOOK.
it has been not working on my device samasung gt-s 5302 . then i logging it's blank long time and forceclose...
Brilliant
I though it just need 20MB but its 45MB . Because of this I cant download any apps in my phone
Ammazin softwarwee. Plz download thissss... it will.process very soon.......
Connect to friends
Awesome

Love itt :**
145MB Hahahaha...
I always lag and after sign in. Always lag. I hated!
LIKE
No other way to describe the latest version. It stops loading data randomly and MUST be killed from task manager to fix this. How this made it out of QA is a mystery.
Rajesh mapari
Such a beautiful app on android phones

Raj
Ji
It's looking simple and avg. Software for mobile users, sometimes it works too slow and comment posted by others on self timeline unable too delete, after all these limitation, good for mobile users.
Works well on Huawei mercury.
Reinstall also cant? Wat happen???
Great easy to communicate. I love messenger also.
(^_^)
Cool facebook
I loved it
People this is decant
Ds z supper
Alli
Yaaaayy
Listen to your Facebook reviews and put back the option to download using our own downloader.
Awesome
The app constantly keeps freezing. It has been enough of an issue that I am writing a review.
easy to download
SHUPID APP!!!!!!!!!
Garbage!!
Awesome
Tasha
Takes up way to much space...
Can't think of anything to make it better. Just what I need to get on my fb.
Love it
The improvements with Facebook is getting really interesting with more movement while scrolling through profiles and catches your eye with certain posts that you prefer to watch and rate it if you decide.

Nice
I .......hated fb nooo l liked it
Real Real
Nice saftweere
Facebook it's OK, when it wants to be. I just hate the fact that, when I'm on Facebook it closes me out. They need to do something about that.
Keep up with friends an play games
Great app
Its helpful to search old friends,we loved it.
It takes up my phone space requires to many apps man!
c:*
Its good
This app takes up way to much space , and the messenger app is just something else that takes up space.
Not updating in XOLO q3000
Love it
Enjoyabo
New genaration hitler
Downloading a mobile app should smoothen ones usage of the programme however this app has been slow and unstable from day one. Now facebook has figured out how to manipulate u into harming your phone even further..............I'm definitely just deleting it.
It my time pass
Works well.
New feed so messy....It's always show about old stories & can't use old cover to timeline. Fix it now >.<
Ah it's fine
Like
Why it s so painfully slow?
Good
Venkatesh
I like Facebook.
Doesn't work
Takes up too much memory.  No reason to have the app when I've got the web.  Fix it and I will reinstall.
Superb

Best
newsfeed is from days ago
too big. no room for another app. hope someone can improve this.
People.. Say too much..space. Really are u using.. Android 4.1.2 .. Coz from 4.2 u can move ur apps and games. To sd card after installation.. So plz
Stfu about space
Very good app
Super.....
Bad apps
I like it because it is fast just click the app and it goes straight to your account faster than going on Google and searching it rite!
Gr8 app
I dont know what everyone is complaining about....
Its awesome
It is difficult to install in second time around..
The app is OK. I was able to change my favorites and add most recent to the top of my list. This way I am not forced to see what is trending. But in general I think I am getting bored of facebook
Its so slow. My phone got even slower. Dont like that most recent is not an option anymore. Getting out of chat is complicated.  I have to press the back button to go back to my main screen. Does anybody ever read these messages.? HeLLo!!
Good****
New update
Networking at its best!
its good virsion
SELVAKUMAR
Nice
Love it
For such a large app, it really has very little to show for justifying its size. The app is sluggish, cluttered, and way too forceful. Just look at what is happening with the messaging feature. I don't want to start a product war, but compared to Google+ and it's messaging app, Hangouts, they run not just smoother, but more efficiently, yet is still integrated with the modern features for better or worse. Even having the ability to store a majority of the app's data to the SD Card would be an improvement.
Much better performance
Its good for phone so get dis app
I like you

It won't open!
Good App But It Take Up To Much Space 
Britt I Jfjfjf
Takes up too much space and doesn't even let me download it
Glitching seems to happen with each updat and then u need to update again for the fix but other wise good enough
i use an old android version and i now have to download the messenger app. guess what..NOT ENOUGH MEMORY FOR BOTH.
Someone in Portugal used my email address to open their own Facebook account and I cant get Facebook to do anything about it. Facebook does not publish a customer service phone number.
fb wew otick
First you take up more space on the phone then you say you are, know you have to down load a separate app to receive messages and you show feeds on what facebook thinks we need to read, why not show all feeds and not what you want use to see. Hide the real truth around us and fill our heads up with stuff like peoples dinner, cat n dog videos, your worth 250 billion and you still can't get it right. Just listen to the people and these reviews, ohh wait, they don't care.
Useful to be in contact with friends
Lovet
The old integrated messenger worked just fine.  NOW they are requiring us to get their separate Messenger app and are discontinuing the in-Facebook app.  I will NOT give the voracious data-collection beast called Facebook my contact list.  I have liked keeping in touch with my friends on Facebook, but I'm about ready to say, "ENOUGH!"
Good timepass
Avalon
great app
Too much space...  my phone can't even update it because it has insufficient storage for the application
Nice app  update makes it better
It is very fast
this app takes too much space on my phone. i don't have room to install other apps.
ingod wetrust
* * * * * * * * * *
Very nice and good app but takes too  much space.
Its a good app but too much space......pls fix dis prob........
Very wel
Memory/battery hog, and they're removing the messaging features.
It takes alot of space and i cant install any app or even update the app
amazing
Love it'
kya baat hai
loveee
So good
Besttt!
Updates are fine
It good to use it
Can keep up with my daughter this way
The apt keeps on freezing up it says not responding . I have reported every time it has happened yet no one has fixed it.
I'm so disappointed, it keeps crashing even after I updated it and restarted my phone!! Please fix ASAP
This thats all my space and its in the way i cant even play some of my games n messager is point less n slow
Love it
Its ok
I like it
Facebook apps rock
As expected, the Facebook team provide a great product
Good
Takes up a lot of space and is moving super slow 
The app keeps crashing every time I've finished watching a video ...please..fix ..another than that the app is great keep up the good work ..!!!
Good app (:
Too much space!
Facebook
Takes too long to download and load the app!
More of a headache every update screws up something else. Then personal security settings are constantly reset!
Everytime i upload something the whole app freezes up and i to uninstall it nd reinstall it to work this is my 3rd time in a row
Great
I like it. Don't move the messages though.
Nic...better than previous versions
Still cannot watch videos without error message. Now my phone freezes and the app force closes when ever I scroll down my timeline. I also cannot send voice notes through the facebook app nor the facebook messenger app
Facebook
Dislike the new app for the messages.
Nice but slow
Horrible since last update
Very bad .apk
Just to send messages.... so this you update removed a functionality in order to force me to install a second app that does the same thing. Guess what: not doing that. Go fish.
V
Dharm singh rawal
Too much wording
Solid apps
Why does the storage increase after a few days as well as now messages being moved to messenger . I rather use the actual website than have to use two separate apps for 1 social media website
Tiqwanwoods.
Pictures
Very good
Very nice
Takes too much space on my phone
Waste of time??
It's the coolest app
For the sake of common sense (which you guys lack), please make the news feed chronological order. Popular stories is such a terrible idea and those stories (post) aren't even popular. Do yourselves a favor.. If you want to seem competent, then put news feed in order!
Too many permissions needed.
I wish it didnt take up so much space but it is a great app
Keeps freezing and saying connection lost and won't upload new status of friends fix it or I'm erasing the app just like everybody I know is
Just no.
So dumb and inconvenient. Menu is horrible. Why friends are located in the apps!?
Keeps me in touch with family and friends.
Manny
Works well ...but needs some improvements plz fix it
Fabulous
Takes up WAY too much space. Plus, its extremely slow and keeps "closing unexpectedly." Please fix it.
From 22mb after installation 59mb too much space
I use this app almost daily and along with most of the other problems I'm reading about like the lack of news updates and settings not staying set- I can't even get it to sync my contacts to my new Droid Maxx, I hit sync and nothing. I wish I could go back to the last version I had cuz your in no hurry to fix this..
I agreed on what they said. It takes too much RAM Memory when opening a message in the app.
bad app:-(:-(:-(:-(:-(
Why would u change messages to messenger, this app already takes up to much space
Slow, has trouble sending the right code generators
coolest app ever
Won't download 4G HTC EVO. But, from the looks of other reviews, why would I want it to?
I download only one facebook it to much space for me and i can't downlaod more......
But take much space and also hang mobile . It speed is very slow and by updating it takes upto 50mb .                           Harshit
Awesome
Lve u
Everything had room for improvement.
Ashok kansal
FB always popup ads and reloads the app and the screen always turns white when chatting.
I cant even message people.
Love you
Good
The layout is completely awkward and overly done. I preferred the way it was before over what it is now.  Now, you're saying you want to take one bloated app and make it two bloated apps?  No!  People don't want that. You claim to listen and care, but you don't.  Good luck becoming the next MySpace.
;)
good job guys
The code takes does not arrives....or takes too much time...that's not good at all
Dont like this new inbox/messenger situation at all! I dont have space on my phone to keep downloading things.
Too much space
But why it must increase to 40 mb??it was a best app but it uses too many space :(
If there was the advantages like computer or laptops have  like sending photos on comment it would be great. ... I like it but sometimes it is a bit slow....
Kurdistan
Made me go through 13 gigs of data in three days till I blocked videos and now messenger I'm good.GET OFF YOUR PHONES GO HANG OUT WITH PEOPLE!!!
EXCELLENT
Too much lag fix and i will rate. 5 stars
Luv the app, but increases from 20 mb to 80 mb. Will rate five if fixed.
Great :-)
It's too slow and also suck the battery. When it runs in background, it fills all the ram capacity. Shame on Facebook, for years I waited to fix these issues, but just the same happened again and again. So, I prefer to check my Facebook profile with chrome browser.
Please recommend the people i really know.
fb
This app is getting worse by the day..
Makes ma phone slow
Mobile internet,is easy and affordable so I am very thankful to those who made this..
Why?
Videos
is an amazing way to chat with your buddy's
same as above
I Have been experiencing the problem after the latest update. And it takes time to load not like before. That when you scroll down it had automatically loaded the status but now if I scroll down it would load like for several seconds and its quite annoying please fix! (Samsung Galaxy Tab 3)
hi
No good
Iike:-)
i love it
Its gonna be the only app I have one day soon. Dammit man why so much space
It's not too much space for ME...
Will not load
Most recent posts need to be an easy option of the default. I am missing a lot of posts.  **Shouldn't this app be smaller now since messenger will no longer be supported?
Can you make it lite so that it will takes a little space. Thanks
Love it
I like the update. This new update is slow n takes up a lot of space. Unistalling it
Too much space
The last update is very poor & boring
Keeps freezing,  I have to restart phone to make it work.  Galaxy S4
The updates made it user friendly
I love you Facebook
New updates have crapped out the app. Not good at all do not download
It always wants me to update like twice in a day. More than 22mb. I want to use my megabytes for better things. Fix this its terrible
It takes too much space and my mobile space is only 170 mb so if I wanaa to download the fb app I'll have to don't download any app for that, please fix this and I will give u 5 stars
Love it
Yay
Like the app but it takes too much of space app is around 23mb and after installation space taken is more than 100 mb thats sick
This app goes from 50 kb to 80 something in just a couple of days.
Beautiful, happy, turned up
good
Good way to keep updated
Facebook
I shouldn't have to install a separate app to view or reply to messages sent via Facebook.
Hate it
Hey if u have kik, im a 15 year old girl wanting to talk to a 15-17 year old cutie ;) kik me @ akk_is_da_bae
Facebook
This is legit
Goodle com fackbook friend pepor com
5 star
Facebook rocks
Why should I be forced to download another app for my messages. Stupid decision from developers this app has always been laggy,buggy, and way too large, and now I have to take up more space with the messenger app. Failure.
Since i did the last update i can't get it to open properly. It takes numerous tries then crashes when i try and comment.
I cant tag people easily anymore. ...its harder to work w and removed messages? So what if it occupies space thats why u buy a quality phone. ..uninstalling this waste
good
Plese make it more fast .
Hvala lijepo ;-)
uv

There is a huge bug that irritates me every time
That's bullshit. I shouldn't have to download anything I don't want to. I should be able to access my messages on my regular Facebook app. I HAD messenger once and HATED IT!!! I don't want it again.
I want free fb in my globe
It really lags and it won't tell me if I have new friend requests or messages 
This app already takes up way too much space on my phone and now the app is moving messages to the messenger. Well if that's the case I'm just going to uninstall. I don't have room for another app just to get my messages. I don't care about receiving them "faster". I don't even have room for the games that I want. If I am forced to get an app just to get my messages then I'll just go on the web to check fb
Although its slow i still love it.. I loved it ever since i joined facebook.. I rate it 5

Facebook is a great app but it takes up too much space!
Awesomeness
Not cool Facebook. I refuse to download a separate app for messages. The fact that you even offer a separate app is asinine.
It's amazing
So very nice
$Facebook$#1awesome but too much mb=50
ITs alright but it freezen up pn my or wateva!!!!!!
Not sure what happened.... my daughter and I were sharing my phone to use the fb app, and today I tried logging out of her account, and it wouldn't let me. So I uninstalled it, and reinstalled... like 5 time now, and it keeps telling me it's unable to start on my phone! ?? It was working fine, yesterday, and I would have given a 5 star rating!  Please fix whatever the problem is, so I can continue to keep in touch with my friends and family!
Past 3 days i have been refreshing news feeds and its just the same one but in a different order or showing me ones from 5 days ago. Also getting far too many post showing up that friends have liked think i see more videos on my news feeds that anything else really fed up with thos update :/
This app is fast
I love bianca
App doesn't load at all please fix!!!
Just awsome
Pretty good app
I have many friends from this
I can NOT get my site
These few day the app kept freezing whenever I accessed it. Had to kill it a few times before I can get it to work.
Thank you
When I restart or turn off my tablet,  I always have to login every time please fix, it never done that before.. so fix it
Lovelovelovelovelovelovelove!!!!! =-O
I haven't been able to get on at all since updating.
Fine on my phone, but still no tablet optimised app
Verry  good
Good app
I don't know what I would do without Facebook
Constantly freezing up HTC one m8
It's very fun u can talk to your friends. Nd stuff get this app 
Everytime I try to get on it is either to slow or it force closes 2 or 3 times can you maybe make one of your 2 or 3 a month updates to fix this, what is the point of having it if you cant use it.
Good
I hate the new Facebook app it wont let u delete post u accidentally posted or if someone else post on ur post u cant delete it either but it has double the speed from the last app they just need to fix some of the glitches plus it takes up way to much space plz fix
After my update, it didn't open anymore.
Way too big...
I hate to admit how often I use this app. Honestly its embarrassing.
Is not so good
I wish it was possible for y'all to send me a another new update for facebook maybe my videos  might start working  just a suggesting
Beurkk f.shitt
Thanks to this app I can keep up with friends and keep in touch woth them.
Good but not best
But the fact that it forces you to open videos natively within the app is a bummer
Please lessen it's use of data. It's using almost one-fourth of my phone's memory. I can't update anymore. :'(
Too much space in memory :/
Super
App sucks
It's brilliant
Ok
Why do posts in the middle of my news stream move when I am trying to read then?  Very annoying..
It takes about 70 mb space of my phone plz fix it
Takes up too much internal memory... i still the love the app though!
error to load..error to load what the hell is this error to load man...please update
It stopped sometimes....so you have to uninstall and install it again ..pls fix it such a delay...and to much mb being used...
Ok! 20Mb in the play store but when you installed it, it ups to 45mb. Pls. Fix it. IloveFacebookapp.
I don't like it

Why can't I make a list of the friends I'd like to see a certain post?? This is something that really needs improvement. I can't get why this has been available in the website for so long, but it is not on the app... Update please. And BTW does fb really need 40mb to work?
It's Very Nice
Ehhh
Too much space :(
Ok
I love it but please make it able to move to sd card it takes up too much space on my phone and I can't download any other apps. I have LG optimus F6
Loved it :P
waste my phone memory
Teame
Update: its working now after installing it again.                                    [I've uninstalled and reinstalled like 10 Times already. I can't log into fb on my phone app or phone web browser. Keeps saying connection error. But I can log onto tumblr,  YouTube and other social media sites just fine, but fb phone app won't let me. It's been doing this since the new upgrade. Please fix]
I totally agree with Bonnie Fox. This is continually letting me.down.
Too much space covered
Facebook takes up too much space and won't download.
Wow
This app will not update...reports disk full but I have 30x what is required free
More bugh
Love it easy to communicate
Like most reviews are saying the file is too big; but my greatest annoyance is the fact they took away most recent posts.  Facebook is going the way of myspace by killing their own product by assuming what it's users wants and sacrificing versatility.
Adding my 2 cents to the latest comments. The latest version crashes and exits the program when simply scrolling through news feed. On both my LG Lucid and Nexus 7. I'll be deleting the app until I get word that this has been resolved.
I've seen better
Betty
Good social app
Keep ib thouch with friends and family
cristo el salvador del humano..      . te ivito Tener un incuentro con El
So cool
Thmel alvdyo
J
Simple, fast and easy to use. To say the truth I have nothing negative to say about this app.
App ever
This app is taking too much space .it should be around 20 mb.
Good
Storage requirements are far far too large. 29mb was bad enough, the new version is too large.
I'm not getting notifications anymore in the app. I get them in the notification bar, but they aren't in the app. If I'm going to need a separate app for messages, then I might as well uninstall and just use the website
Awesome
Love it
This is one of the best aplication ever
I keep trying to download this app and every time it says its an error.  Smh if it would download I would likw the app
Large number of dowan load
Constantly updating every 2 days ... Why?
Very good
Awesome!!
Awesome
Once the news feeds are fixed to allow us (the user) select current news feeds vs things that show up that are days old, you'll get 5 stars!
Best
New update sucks
I'm sure you have technicians that can make this app more streamlined. Get on it.
Prc
DONT PEOPLE REALIZE KIDS ARE ON FACEBOOK! They shouldnt curse around on it! Gosh.
It is good program but it isn't fast .... And it takes many time to open
News feed takes forever to load. Fix and I will give 5 stars
I love my giel
I liked the last app better
Not bad
To much memory
I takes up too much space as it is and now they are making me download messenger too. I don't think so, deleted!
Its a great app i ever experienced i always stay connected to people 24*7. I have a problem with friend request section where i get to start again when there is loading so just please see the problem and help me to sort the problem...!!!!
Randomly closes now on motox KitKat 4.4.4
Great app!
Talking and meeting people on Facebook is easy & fun
Gina victoria
really helped me to get intouched wth my frends and family....to see their events and escapades in their life...more power fb world...u always bring us the best in me...gbu...
App wont even load my recent newsfeed, bored of reading the same crap update and fix this please!
It takes up to much space it don't show my news feeds ....it freezes its just terrible
Not 5 stars, definitely 10 suns and a couple moons should do!!!!!
AweSome..
Thanks for the first time in the UK.
gud app
Thanks
u
Can not download it keeps saying insufficient storage but i have 566mb!
Cannot upload videos..it gets to one spot n completely stops..why is it sooo slow..?!?
Agripa
Thank bra
But it hughist space.
But plx help me video download not sport'it why??
Kekuatan jiwa berasaskan   keseimbangan iman dan nafsu.
Good app
This last update closes the app after I glance for a couple of minutes
If I'm on it for more than a few minutes the app just freezes. I have to shut my phone off and back on to get it to work again. Didn't have this problem with my other phone.
Cool
good
Pills
This version doesn't work it keeps freezing and yo can't send or go into text mode, it's a total failure
This app is driving me crazy evry time i try to move it to my sd card it closes and won't open again pleas fix it i can't live without my account :'(

Uriah
Good
Sutpid as he!!
Latest update crashes a lot.  Just closes in the middle of scrolling or reading.  Takes a while to load pics and videos, even comments sometimes, that I lose patience and just close it.  When it works, it's nice to stay connected with family and friends.
It keeps telling me I have the wrong password!!!!!!!!!?
great!!
Account
Bom
Awesome
90mb after installation? Is that a joke??
Takes too long to download & view images and pics
It's keeps kicking me off
All good
Learn from Google+ app

Getting a black screen a lot..time for an update maybe? Its really quite annoying. Happens to much. Please fix.
I know guys that you are disappointed but if u can't install new games u can uninstall the facebook first and install the game that you want and after that u can install the facebook again
David
No recent stories. Now can't upload photos on comments?!?!?
i don't have alot of space on my phone! can the space needed for this app please change to something smaller?? besides that, i love the app :)
THE UPDATE IS SHOCKING..MEMORY SAYING NOT ENOUGH TO INSTALL UPDATE..SORT IT OUT!!!! ITS NOT EVEN THAT GOOD NOW..AND FORCING MESSENGER ON PPL..TUT TUT TUT 5 STARS TO 1 STAR...FINK ABART IT COCK...FROM A YORKSHIRE LASS
App takes up lots of space and with new changes taking messages out is a crappy decision. Time for new social media options.
One problim thiss :(
Requires to much space
Curtis. Payton Gmail
I love it
Nice app in the world
Videos not working with my Expira z1 compact
. first off it take up to much space second off its always say force close this some BULLSHIT
Can be used for every thing..
Thancks for facebook
Nice
Not the biggest fan of Facebook in general but I suppose the app gets the job done. Frankly I think it's way too large of an app for what it is, I have game apps that are smaller and involve more stuff. Whatever. I don't care enough to worry about it.
Every update kills and makes this app more useless. Takes forever to load and now I can't even choose between top stories and recent stories. I want to see recent! Please fix.
You guys should make the reports to work cause they always bother me and should report sothee wont have facebook anymore
Please fix this thing!
Facebook
Facebook
Since I just updated facebook,  I can't play  any videos. Uninstalled and just  now installed,  hoping this will  work. Very disappointed with the new update! Still no use!
This is a HORRIBLE APP!!
Takes too much of RAM. . .also pls include lock for access.
I like
That's exactly what I think of Facebook. I love how the system sends you a bunch of pics of people you don't know under the guise of "people you may know", who all happen to be underage girls; none of whom I have any desire to be friends with. Way to promote online safety Facebook; thumbs up if you like this. And you can forget trying to tell any administrator about it as you're simply ignored. Soon to be deleted once I get through unfriending people I don't otherwise care for & redirecting others.
Facebook
I am removing Facebook and Facebook messenger. I will not be forced to use another app for messages. I will be using Hangouts more from now on and encouraging all my friends and family to do the same.
Fb is taking to much space my phone memory is always low due to this.so I have to clear data after every 2 days.plz fix this
Kosomo
Wow""""tayae
Pesado demais
Why can't I ever view more than 20 seconds of video??? C'Mon people, we landed on the moon for christ's sake!!!
Great communication
My Facebook app on my samsung galaxy s4 is ringing with new notifications even when my phone is on mute. Very annoying. Please fix this. It doesn't matter if I have the app set for silent or facebook pop it still rings facebook pop when my phone is muted.
It was 128 mb when I uninstalled it
Nice butter
..is not cool! Congratulations, after 7 years, you've succeeded in getting me to delete my Facebook account. And my Instagram too! You don't own the world as much as you like to think so.
Tooo much space.... :-/ :-/
Use all the space in the device
Fantestic
Thnkx android n fb to bring such a gud app n fr keepin it up to mark app....(y)...:-*
Why I can't to see all my photo albums on my mobile Facebook?   I miss a lot of them. In comp I see them all  :(

jo
New layout is awful.
No bad
Okkk
It takes for ever to log in and out
Great way to keep in contact with family.
It's a Very Good App I like It ;)
Add custom news feed no this stupid forced popular feeds from weeks ago
Good
Helps me keep in touch with freinds and distant relatives.
Love
Facbook
Its good ig ..........
You...
Keep having to uninstall and reinstall
Hai even you can get news oh everything    Oh it so nice .thanks plus android I love it but I need to see those  video thanks. Its not like before please okay
AT WARK
Last update I did made connection slow or impossible ! Your updates suck,!
Terbaik
I cant open facebook i click on the app and it closes by it self right away #fixPlss
Nice
Facebook keeps not working
Its kinda on  the slow side.
Fb is the best
Is mine the only one that will not load?!?!?
good
Seriously?
I dropped it another star. All these bugs n memory space. Invading all my privacy with all theese permissions to look throgh my contacts..NO FACEBOOK
Its an example of other good apps but mine does not want to be installed
Heat ittttt
Its just getting boring
Simply awesome
Love it
Shame on you Facebook for yet another crappy update. I can't see any of my posts now and if I do it kicks me off right away and closes. Wtf Why do you guys screw this up every time you do on a update? Just leave it alone. I really hope someone comes up with something better than Facebook. I'm done with Facebook
It won't download for nothing its really annoying me
Exciting !!!
Its simply awesome
Good one... Loved the design!
Nice application
it was always slow.. but know its even slower... its the only app worth a flip for Facebook though.  :/
Gucci
Autumn hodges
Over the last few years the app has improved a lot, much better than it used to be.
Facebook
I think the new messenger thing is kinda lame.
Loved irt
But its supporting israeeli terorists
Wickedness
I love this app. Best app ever
It is a good way to comunicate to friends and family that u dont see
Very bad
Awesome update
i love facebook it is cool
The text is going away.. I open a post and everything just going away...fix it
Awesome
Hi Amol how r u
Always bad updates. Didn't want FB Home, now you HAVE to install Messenger? Way too much control for me. Bye
The old update had a message icon and it lit up and let me know how many messages I had. The new update doesn't let me know when I have a message
Need a way to STOP game request PLEASE
Before updates app is running fine,but now it gone wild it also consumed much of the memory.  Is there any possible ways to lessen the memory consumption?thanks
I am first time use
Just switched to Android but whats up with this app? Takes forever to load. Please fix it quick
I will not be installing Facebook messenger. When that is completely removed from the main app I will instead delete it from my devices!
nice app
Really annoying 
Gies cumon... u cant compare a laptop or a desktop with a mobile phone no matter how expensive it is... facebook, Gmail... dese r social netwrkng sites. They can be best served on a desktop or a laptop... m using dis this app although dis is nt d best but still it satisfies upto some extent..
Shame its blue and not pink!
i removed myself from fb cuz i kept getting hacked. I just wish there was better lock down or security for fb
Great version
Really good accept xperia z2 gets an error when trying to run certain videos. Usually is videos that have been shared from Internet sources not home videos. Could you please look into this, I know that all xperia z2's are having this problem
Facebook
I hate ut cuz i takes to long to load
Any videos that I try to play always cut out with the message "an unknown error occurred while trying to play this video" any fix for this? Apart from that, no problems!
Gooood
Good

Samsung Gt-s6312
Some of us don't want the messenger app, so why can't we have our messages?? Fix that.
love it is super fast loading
I think it ok
Do not remove the message feature.
Loving it
Theres nothing like it ..... better than twitter snap chat and instergram
I love you all
Too many updates takes up too much memory
Excellent
Good
I enjoyed chatting wd my friends and my family....but sOmetyms i doesn't recieve d notification through my box......
Boring with the new version
Taking too much time to load. Requires fix from the developers.
Amazing app.
This app is very popular .
I love this app
Stop forcing people to do things because YOU think its better or best... I dont care if its faster I dont want to be forced to download another app to do something I already can with the present one especially when I dont even use it that much!! I dont want another app for the rare occasion I do use it! And bring back MOST RECENT FEED!!! if this doesnt change im just moving to google plus all together. Deactivate!!!
I think fb is around 20 mb space required to install. But after installation it raise up to 45-50mb. So, my phone memory indicate full. So, I can't install new app
It needs more improvement asap
Love it!!!!!!!!!
To soooo much this  facebook. Its more hlp to find frnds..
Greater
Bharat c  morseem
This app takes up way too much space on my phone.
It always shows error 406 whn downloading
I will not and you cannot force me to download the Facebook Messenger app just so I can keep in contact with not only my friends but especially my family! Sometimes Facebook is the only way to contact both groups and I refuse like a lot of other people to download an unnecessary app to do what the normal app can do already! I will not put more money in your pockets by downloading a pointless app!
Can't watch videos, turns off half way by error.
Awesome
N
Lyk iT
Khatgg
Slow af
I do NOT like other people sharing my photos and my name popping up on their page for anyone to click and read the comments.  Please give us an option to turn off the share button.
P
I hate it,!!!
Hate this new version can't play video's at all please fix pronto!!!!!!!!

It says i need to install messenger but it wont let me
Getting better but still slow and freezing up
As there is no option to install on memory card and my internal memory is full with facebook application installed. I would be happy if you provide an option to facebook to move to external storage so that i can install both facebook and messenger also.
Love it
No caption needed....its FACEBOOK. ..MAN
its to heavy to my phone .
it kool to use and chat to all of your friends
Poor
I had to re install it >.>
Its good to b connect wth new people
Nice app ....
I put up with the constant posts from days ago. When can I keep browsing through my news feed and not HAVE to go back to the to top to like a page? When will Facebook fully load pictures, videos, statuses, comments or messages without telling me there was an error?
I am happy
Report
brijitcherian@.com
I uninstalled it cause it took up to much storage.
I won't download. Period.
Everytime I start it up it closes right back out at first it wouldn't load up then I had to uninstall and reinstall so now it closes right out
good
Very nyc app
So addictive,  I never use it on the computer anymore
Good
I like having mobile facebook but the app gets freaking MASSIVE! It takes all my spare memory on my phone. I uninstalled then reinstalled 3 days ago and today it had grown from 23MB to 239.9MB. ABSOLUTELY RIDICULOUS! I HAVE TO UNINSTALL THEN REINSTALL EVERY 3 DAYS BECAUSE THE APP GETS TOO BIG!
it always crashes everytime I signing in. I tried to uninstall it and installed back again but it won't really work. It gets even worst!!
Nice app
Nic
no errors
hi
Everything is all over, yet again! Newsfeed is in 'top stories' order instead of most recent. What was wrong with how it used to be? And how do I uninstall the new useless update?
Must download
The messenger app SUCKS! By reading your reviews it appears a lot of people think the same. I can't even send a new message to someone who isn't on my friends list. Apparently, Facebook is too blinded by its millions to listen to what the people who are actually using it, and have to deal with this bullshit, want.
OK
Some of the options no longer work and sometimes the app completely crashes. Plus it seems to use a lot of space
B-)
Its gud but seriously it takes time nd smtimes doesnt show the online friends plus also my chat histiry gets deleted on its own plz fix it
I cant watch videos beacouse it was buffering alot and my internet is fast can you fix this bug that would be greatly appreciated.
Everytime I try to update the app it says there is insufficient memory on my phone when I know I have plenty of room with my memory card on it I am about ready to get rid of Facebook. In my opinion all it is is a drama page anyway time for something new and better somebody please come up with something that is far better than Facebook I liked my MySpace much better than Facebook!
It good
Its woks great
I can't format my mobile
Open
All good now
App slow and videos crash all the time.
Amazing experience
When the hell are they going to  put  up a delete all message option wtf.  I got to go threw  a thousand messages 1 by 1
but I HATE how you have to wait 60 days to change your name! I got hacked too.
show only top stories and not recent one. hope you can fix this so i can give 5.
It takes up far too much memory and can make my phone lag a lot. There is no option to change the order of stories in my feed and I end up being last to see everything. I also don't see why my messages need to be moved. They are fine where they are which is in the app because they are supposed to be there! Please fix and add an option to see most recent posts first!
facebook
Great way ta chat
Its cool but the video loading needs to be fixed asap
i see lots if comment n didn`t see any feedback from fb...why!!? BIG HEAD!!!
:)
I will uninstall this when I have to install messenger as well as this app. Having to have two apps is ridiculous.
I'm sorry but this app sucks, now. Wth! I don't need to download another app for messages.  I think I'd better deactivate my account.
Aawesome
124
It's bloated and doesn't really do much extra compared to the mobile site and now they're forcing me to add another bloated app for messages? Guess I'll just uninstall both.

With the latest update, this Facebook app which I liked, even though it took up a lot of space and cpu power, the app just freezes when I try and start it. FIX THIS PLEASE!
Update again
This app takes up way to much space for my phone. I can't even access Facebook with my phone because I can't install the newest update because its too much space! Please fix!!!
Love it
Nice
When i try to post anything, it completely kicks me off of the app... This is getting annoying!
It didn't let me download it because of the error
I love it
App not up to the mark!!
Its slow but alright.....
Raiu
App works great.  Very sick of all these ads in my newsfeed.  Will not download the messenger app.  The reason I use my phone more is because it has everything in one.  Not 15 different apps to get the same thing accomplished in one app.
So I had an iPhone 5 now with LG G Flex and this app blows.  Cant edit photos during upload...now I cant even tap the photo to preview it before it posts.  The news feed has zero user control...boy Apple sure does have you guys beat
No co- equal
puru
Vale pura verga puro forzar cerrado ballanse ala chingada hijos de perra idiotas es la peor app mentansela por el culo
forcing users to use the messenger app is an awful move.  No longer using the service.
1137

Bad
loved it
Ossssssssssmmmmmm
It keeps cutting off
Yea
Khalid
Nice to use
Love
Dear developers the update you made to the way videos play on the app is awesome but makes my gt-7270 freez witch in return force me to pull the battery pack out. Please fix this asap
Nice
Macam bodo
Fix it plz I can't send pictures
Keeps crashing and closing the app this sucks and it's the frustrating
I hope the problems will fix  soon.please bring the old version of face book that one is better forever.
Best social network ever
Plz update its version. If i want.my videos i can't find option of it. Wht the hell is thz. It says unfortunately orca ha stoped working. In my Qmobile a300. Plz fix thz
Hope you contne to serve the fb users even better. Fb is unique because of its simplicity and diversity compared to othe socaial networking sites. Regards!
Bagos
Forced to close
For a company like Facebook you would think the app would be top notch... well it isn't.
I ma was
i like this app...
Nice
Takes lot of space and consumes more data
Very god
My wife
Gud
I'm not downloading another app.
It takes too much Space nd Ram
Because it is rubbish it ant called favebook iya called wastebook
Good
Like
Like it
I don't know yet but will check back when I have info.
Adrianna Sather its for socializing with your friends and family,  sharing what your your doing, and discovering new things. Your like, 6. That's why you dont need facebook.
This app takes more memory and ram optamize it
I've reconnected with friends and family that I haven't seen in 20 years . Thank you.
Love it! :)
Thanks for this Facebook
Sajjaddogar
Its either really slow at loading pictures/videos or it doesn't load them up at all. So close to un-installing. bring back the older version
Cull
It takes an hour for opening & then it opens it doesn't show the feeds whenever i open an image it again takes soo much of time.. plz it's a request to fix it
Never leave me alone.                  Just fur you
When i downloaded fb it was of 22 mb then later on when i saw in setting i was shocked to see it of 78mb. Also it cannot b moved to external sd card so i m uninstalling it.
Hate Facebook
To long to download
Horrible privacy settings. No Facebook,  you do not have permission to read my texts or use my camera. It's sickening that you even want those permissions.
Five com on
Hi
Loads of memory consumption.
I love facebook
Won't even load
Lop it
This is good
I like previous version more than the new
Superior
Terima Kasih
V.poor performance on tablet :$
Takes too much space....
At least some of you can open it, in my case it keeps crushing even if I'm not using it and what's worse it makes my phone freeze all the time!
This Runs My Phone Down So Much It Wastes A Lot!
Sometimes it freeze
I download new update
Irresistible
Average
Good
Nice..
Facebook is the best
It uses too much of ram..... compared to other social apps
Need to seriously sort your Facebook app out for Video's. Every single time I try and watch a video on facebook that someone has posted or shared, about 9 seconds into it, continuously without fail, it stops playing and says something like 'Error has accrued, we are sorry we can not play this at the minute please try again'. Its every time!!
Sravan
Can not access immidiately.
When I open a link and get back to app, news feed is refreshed. Again have to scroll down to wherever I was before. This is disturbing. And app is a bit slow else very good.
I love fb
I thought the bad reviews were just odd cases..! But they certainly are NOT! This app has slowed my device down sooooo much. You need to take this thing back to the drawing board. Fire everyone involved in making it too..
ºÜºÃÓÃ
Nice one app
I don't want to move to the separate app, and I shouldn't be forced to by Facebook just because they want to take up more of my phone's memory. Leave the option in the regular app!
Buenisimo
I'm not sure what is going on but my app is crashing I've uninstalled and installed multiple times and it's just not working.
I love facebook
Amazing life time
:-)
Mom and Wild Willys Fireworks Distribution Co
Cool fore friend's and family
My Facebook keeps making good my phone freeze.
People who are not on my friends list can't message me without it going to my other folder. Now they are making messages go into a separate app to take up more space on my phone are you kidding me? It should be optional.
exellent
Just amaizing
Ive had fb for years, it started acting up recently so i deleted the app and was going to add it back and it wont let me says error 24...Cannot get fb back
Superb work.

Facebook
Always defaults to "top stories". The chronological" most recent" is hidden. Now its even worse,  they've moved messages into another bloated app.
Amazing
Its good
Awesome app..
I can't stand having anymore separated apps. Keep messenger on board. Loading photos from my folder is horrible. Please make a file manager. keep it up zuckerburg and you'll end up just like Aol and myspace.  Bad and getting worse.
Very nice thanks
Cud have been btr
Very bad app
Best
Good
i l0ve dis app..
The default news feed is full of old post and if I change to most recent the news feed are just post that my friends have liked or commented. So I see a picture than my friend post, later the same picture because a friend like it and again if someone comment on the samw picture! Fix that algorithm!
Love fb
All you get these days is updates from pages no interaction  from friends and a top story is not one 10 days old that someone comments on or likes ! Get it together FB you page was 1000% better 5 years ago you are regressing or is it going senile ......
App
Just fix it. As if having to deal with "Top Stories" always being the default, it's back to always saying I have a notification for an unread message, but there IS NO UNREAD MESSAGE! I've tried logging out & uninstalling - nothing works.
Nice
Nice app
Friends message
I love him very much and but she don't love me
Its a good for chating
It's okay
Love facebook
Good
It should be avoided for porn phoths and videos
Thanks
Education
It takes forever to load and exits out of its self
Ioko
Facebook really improved now.
Everytime I try to do something like turning it on or uploading news feed or trying to upload notificacions it shows that it closed, try again
Just updated...let's see what you guys have done....
Nice app after updating .... I really appreciate updater..... I m loving it
Keep in touch. Check out other lives. See what's happening around the globe. Share your dreams and suffering and feelings with the galaxy. Supply your personal data to a mega database and become a number. Obey me. Who is the emperor of this empire?
Good app but some time slow
Very good app, but it takes all your airtime vert fast. Watch fot your airtime!
Little slow
I love it it's nice n very speed  u can try it
REMOVE SEARCH HISTORY!
Fecbook
Rsp
Nice
Which is the fast way  to open news feed
God
Good working
Handy but saps my phone battery
Knp app fb ini makin besar kapasitasnya!
wow
Ttt
Awesome
It takes a year to see a image please FIX IT !!!
Amazing
It lags on my cell as compared to other heavy apps.fastrer update would be appreciated
Lags even with 4g and wifi
Does not work on home wifi. Takes forever to load. Working fine on 3G.
Sorry not updating  my stuff. I'm not getting that 2nd app to message so you can blast advertising down my throat.
Cool
Thanks a lot, for this greet apps
Disgusting......plz uppdate
Amazing
It slows down my phone on more than one occasion but its a great app.
It awesome n easy to use
Omg
Look like good
Takes too much memory and drains  my battery it basically sucks now go with what you know Fb guilt changing stuff that's working...
Nice
Last updates working very bad and slowly
Yoo much space required. .
Facebook faster
Its so slowwwwww....
Nice application
I m new
Ok
Horrible... I can't see any online friends
After this latest update, app keeps crashing. Tried uninstalling 3 times. I kept opting not to update the app because I have issues every single time there is an update. It must have updated it anyway this time.  Frustrating!
Guys don't expect Facebook to improve, the owner is incompetent and had years to fix the app
Love it
.love everything about it
It almost occupies 65mb from my internal space....REDUCE ITS SIZE FIRST
Ok narin
Sofiya.ibrahim
Rt
Wish facebook app would let you stop notifications on comments om a post you've commented on. In order to stop getting everyone's comments you have to wait to go to compute to do so. Or go to web and pull up desktop fb site. Wish you had this feature in the actual android app as well as veing able to pull up or view your stored videos in your photl albums.
Move to sd option is must.
Good
Takes up too much space
No words to say about fb
It is quick to get on Facebook. No waiting for pages to pull up.
takes way too much space!!
cool
Super
Great app but it's difficult to download videos from this app.
Mmm fine
good
I haven't been able to post anything because it keeps force closing. Update please
29/07/2014
Cool just do it more cool
Why the hell do you want users to have to run 2 separate apps to chat its bloody stupid everything should run as 1 app it's fine how it is stop changing stuff and making it worse. And change news feed to most recent its what EVERYONE wants.
It wont load newsfeed in my xperia x8..
Thanks for this but i think you can set up tjissssss
i cannot watch videos at all on this app. I hate this app
Wow
Good
I do not like scrolling through countless old's posts just to read the new content.  No as slow as before but still needs work.
It's Really a Gud App 2 Find Frnds all over the World....Its A simple way 2 Share our Feelings wth all our Frnd around Us....who did'nt knw B4 FB.
Always says it's not responding. Absolutely ridiculous. I have uninstalled and reinstalled and still having problems! I thought the latest update would fix it and it didn't. About ready to give up on it!
Loads very slow crashes my phone now I had to reset a few times and used old version but now its ridiculous. Files and updates to big
India
I luv it..
When I click "message" on someone's page it will instead message just about anyone else. Takes 10-20 tries to get it to actually select the person it's supposed to! Terrible. 0 stars if I could.
Phone
Me gusta esto.Like
Love U .......
Seriously, one Facebook app is all I need or want. The messaging app is obnoxious.
Good
It ight
Kogritty
Mack
I love it is so amazing
Gives us Most Recent News Feed back! No one wants to see updates from days and weeks ago!
Nit
Can't comment anything, can't post statuses just all in all fucked up. Stop trying to change stuff and just keep it the same. Thinking about uninstalling. Makes no sense at this point to keep this app. The UI is horribly slow, consistently crashes. But its nice to know that you guys care at all or even take into consideration the reviews you get. Not.
Oho...
M
Can't see any fb notification in Notification Bar .please fix it
It is pretty good app...
Don't force me to install two separate heavy apps! My phone is already slow enough with just one Facebook app.
Awesome app to use on   android
it always freeze when I pass a video
App no longer works since I updated
Bereh
Can't relogin
Giive me back the recent news on news feed
Awsome
Hey good app don't listen Wat other people say their being a hater
Cool
It takes too much time to load and it's not running smoothly,sometime it lags and show an error that Facebook is not responding and after install it takes too much space 55MB :-/ why !!???
Everytime a video pops up on the news feed it freezes and force closes on Xperia Z1
Gud
Plz fix this problem.... It's very much slow.....:-(
Facebook App
Bekar
3.0.7$#@
this app is not so good than Whatsapp
Don't let me log on keeps giving me an error code of 960 can you help me!!! And it won't let me download it either to my samsung s3 phone hating it.
Please fix all of these problems people r complaining about because I'm having the same problems.  Why is the app taking up so much more space???why haven't anyone fixed any of the problems.  Please don't ignore the ones who helped n making u n to wut u have become...thank u n advance
Its better but is takng more time to open or viewng comments
When I check the app in the morning with the 'most recent' feed, it gives me posts from the previous forty-five minutes and then from eight hours previous - nothing in between. I use this app to keep up with what's current. It's functionally useless for that purpose as long as it continues creating these massive gaps.
Welldone to use facebook. Maked me happy....
It works
The best fb in the word
Gooooodddd......
Hiiiii its gud to use
Like it medium
Shri
New update is definitely worth 5 stars fast and easy to use
This new version is pants. If it's not broke don't try to fix it. Pretty simple really. Was made to update and seriously unimpressed. Tell me this designers, why would anyone wanting read the news feed not in chronological order. What are you playing at.
Apps good..but icon not hd for android...
Aps
Everytime I navigate posts and notifications it takes me 1 minute+, and everytime I navigate through pages, groups and timelines including my own it takes me 2 minutes+ WAITING. When searching for friends or pages I have to wait and look I can't navigate to other apps or receive a call because the search process stops & I have to start again, navigating to other apps stops every process on facebook app, Really annoying I'm always reluctant to login to facebook... PLEASE NEW UPDATE PLEASSSSSE!!!!
yo yo
New update is horrible! Now i am forced to download a second app and use up more space in my phone! This is bogus leave facebook the way it is the new changes suck! There is nothing better about what these idiots at fb are doing! Hate that I cant choose how my news feed appears anymore. I have to go to a separate part of the app. The old Facebook app was way better!
I like but i cant download videos on my samsung note.. Can you do something about it so it would be easier..
Lalaaa
I like this
Keep crashing...
When playing a video that uploaded on fb directly not from YouTube it always makes problems and makes me force shutting down the app .. hope you fix it soon !!
No more messenger.
Although the new features are nice , the app is super sluggish and consumes a huge amount of RAM. Facebook doesn't stay in memory when going out to a browser by clicking on a link , the system often kills it to free up memory. On my One X the typical memory footprint is above 100MB. Take an example from Google+ (though it's a dead service, the app is wonderful).

Love the new update
Good utility, but glitchy and often crashes. Better stuff is expected from Facebook.
not so great
Awesome
Cant load videos, stays stuck on my phone.
I have a Sprint Note 2. It is updated and i cannot view videos!  It also freezes and  force closes a lot. What's up with that?
Fair
I like it.
Quitly Smooth
Takes too much time to load..
Superb & fastest app is this..
Which help to know about your friends and its closer everyone
Good
So amazing :) happy bday to my beautiful daughter more happy moment, boys and birthday to come :D hehehehe loveyou
Good
Monu
Take vry much space
A error message pops up halfway through a video and can't watch all of it please fix this is really annoying
So good
To much space..why it is use 45mb..i think it juz use 20 mb ..
It won't play any video from Facebook...
I like very much
Wajah
It's very good social networking site
Its slow down & don't play the videos & the messages don't go
Amazing
It Gives YOU Yesterday's info
now I don't have the fb app, I had to delete it because besides the fact that it was accessing my personal data and txt, the app itself sucks.. News feed sucks, video player sucks... when all this is fixed I'll install it again.... im only giving it 1 star because it won't let me review it if I don't... Still waiting for a better version.
I install facebook to check the most recent post not the same old top post for all day long!! Please bring back the option to choose most recent post as defaut...
Good way to stay in touch with friends
Any one will downloaded this app
To much space!
Hi
Good
Lags.
Nice app :D
Not working in my phone samsung galaxy y plus please fix it
Mystery
Don't know why but the app keeps shutting itself down... please fix it.. it's unbearable..
Since the last update app keeps on closing no error message just keep on closing. Even on my desktop when I open a picture it refreshes the entire page.
Yin Mon
Verry nice
It's one of the best applications that really Help to Disconnect ppl. Anybody got a better alternative ? Pls share links. Thanks...
Stop telling me to install messenger. I don't want to install messenger.
It's using 49.16.% of power compared 38.4% of last update on my Samsung Galaxy S3. Would be glad if you can find a way to lessen the power consumption.
Not like a complete
takes a day to download and take up to much space
not so bad!!!
still cant install due to lack of space, even tho I have a memory card and I have NO other apps. Wtf fb?
M
Eating up my phone's internal memory. It keeps increasing day by day. Why can't you just fix this instead of doing all the other unwanted things.
Excellent app
Needs a better update
Good
This app is getting larger and larger... everytime a update occurs...
Takes too much space, updated version is soo bad, the app doesn't work properly. Please improve it.
After i updated my fb i cnt enter my fb anymore it keep autoclose when i tried to open it....help fix
:)
I love it
Ok
Thanks for removing messaging functionality. I'm leaving and bringing my friends to Google+. I suggest everyone do the same. Facebook is horrible. They don't care about their users.
I like that..
It's fantastic !!! I love it.
Sometimes when I want to delete my status update or edit,it doesn't happen...and also images take a long time to load.Plz give  a better update that consumes less space ... :(
News feed updates are too delay
Ok
Nice
Would give it 5 stars,  but I have to constantly uninstall some of my apps because I can't move facebook to my sd card and takes up all my space. FIX IT PLEASE!!
Why do I need a separate app now just to get messages? GMAB.
XD
Very slow in down loding
I've been using it a lot lately. Even if it is buggy
Won't allow me to watch videos, fix soon please!!1!
Doesnt download
Good
Stopped working unable to open on galaxy s5
Good
When trh to uploading videos itll be 100% but video won't upload.  Then itll keep restarting & uploading
I'm being forced to use their separate app messenger to check my messages? Fine bye
Hey Zorag......when do (Space Plow) our way home to MARS??
I love it
They need to bring back the "most recent" & "too stories" option. It's annoying to see a bunch of old posts all the time!
Now I an able see and like my friends posts easily
So sweet
I kept the Facebook from 2 updates ago. I was having problems with it so I updated to only have even more problems with force closing. Today alone I have been trying to use it and I haven't been able to see a thing cuz it keeps force closing.
This app is the first app which is forcing to install messenger app. I hate it.
Cant upload more than two pictures at a time !! It shuts me out. Fixing that would be nice.
As long as it's free&you don't want to draw over my SDcard.Don't get me wrong,I like New options,but fear,there may be hidden fee's.I should laugh at.
one moth
Na
Pravin ghanchi
Stuck at 30% while downloading.
Good
Eats my phone battery, contains too much data that consumes my memory but isn't smooth. Also buggy
Deactiving my Facebook, I will not use Messenger. Thanks.
the worst application on play store. network error all the times battery usage is too high
ilove it
Where is the 'stop notification' for events??
It's all good but it is taking too much storage in my tab memory. 20 mb to nearly 55 mb?!!! fix it
Please fix the problems ASAP !
Excellent & superb
facebook
Can't load, then hang there for 30 mins. Facebook sucks.
I love this app but almost every day it's updating! & it's almost up to 100 mb now!! That's a lot of space on my phone!
good job! for fixing slow face book app keep up the good work.
Nice apps
Social website where your "friends" attack your opinions.
Its lovely
Its Gud bt cn b betr..!!
Maganda
Awesome stay connected and updated
Good
It takes up too much space on my phone. I have to uninstall other useful apps in order to use facebook. Please lessen the size so I can use this app and other apps.
Seriously the video bug is annoying! Can't watch the video keeps saying sorry, but an unknown error occured while trying to play this video... Please fix!!
So many problems facing with app.. i think it waste.not updating candy crush requests
Lucky
good
good app
I love  facebook
I love it!
Now a days it frequently freezes and stuck on the screen! Can't move up/down. It doesn't resolve even if I force close & reopen it. It fixes automatically after around half an hour/if I restart the phone! Whats going on! Pls fix!
It can't easily download in my phone I don't know why but it disturbe me everytime
Good
Facebook
stupid apps
Super slow
O
Wow
I like it
Pretty good but its speed is very slow
The voice message feature doesn't work on my xperia z (android 4.3). And when i try to use it, my other audio related apps start to malfunction. Fixing it would be much appreciated. Please don't ignore. Thanks.

Galacy S3 - the app will load what I saw a month ago, and it will constantly stay at "refreshing". It won't actually load new things. Newsfeed stays the same, cant view images, can't search people.
Whats not to like
Give more space and it become wast but while downloading errors were occured aftet three to four times it is download
Facebook has stolen so much of my private information I can sue.
games store ooooooooo
Fabulous
Since the update, my newsfeed wont show up, wont load, wont update. And its always lag most of the time.
Funny
Hai
On low end devices it becomes laggy and start's to crash and become unresponsive.. but on a rooted phone functions good if cpu is being overclocked
I love being able to keep up with family and friends on my phone and computer
Facebook is forcing everyone to download messenger just to be able to send messages! I'm not happy about this at all. Why should you have to download and use two different apps for one thing! Change this back who cares how faster it is, I don't have much memory for all this! Smh dissatisfied
Still a big headache every update now comes with crashing could you fix this please?! Really starting to get annoying will uninstall and I suggest if this doesn't get fixed everyone uninstall. Its funny they want us to install apps but yet waste our time bugs bugs bugs grrrrrrr
I HATE this latest update!!!!!! HATE HATE HATE! WHY cant you do an update that ALREADY updates the news feed!!!!!???     NOW I HAVE TO go to a SEPERATE APP just to message!!!!!!!!! REALLY. WDH!!!!!!

Fine app
Ilayaraja pannal
It won't let tag or share any photos with my friends, I can't post pictures in comments, being forced to download another app just to use the messaging.  Don't have the option to view most recent only top stories, I don't want to see something posted 4 days ago because you think its a "top story" plus the storage for this app is ridiculous. I will be deleting it.
Nice
Super
Very nice app
It always crash everytime i open the app :(
Ok
Very fast
Suka bgt
keeps freezing major glitch, have to restart phone daily on HTC one M8 only having issues with fb app no others.
Can't see my newsfeed something is really wrong
Really a good application to use and chat with friends........
I really really hate it.. it takes too much space.. I can't download another app because of the too much used of phone memory.. I can't install my other apps to my sd card.. >_<
I can't upload my picture and to open my message. so i give it 2Star.
its very slow........
Www .......
Use it daily!
Talha.
I used to like watching videos on facebook but I can't anymore it won't play them on my HTC vivid please do something about it
Coooooool app
Verryyyy good
Nice
Kabar gembira untuk kita semua , kulit manggis kini ada ekstraknya
Awesome
Not bad.  Not awesome
Rajendra k jain
Gives all features that v can do from PC
nice
CAri kenalan
Having a problem uploading a pictute after an update. My wifi and data are all working fine and upload works perfectly on mobile web.
ADAMS ABBAS
Is much better now
New vesion have error saving when we save pics :( totally waste of tym too bad new version
Muy buena app.
Why do I have pages I haven't even liked load before my friends and family's pictures.  Everything loads extremely slow unless you get a hold of my data plan than its a free for all.  This makes no sense since my home wifi is faster than my 4G.  The app is horrible, my manipulated news feed is horrible, and the load speed is by far the worst part.  You have one more update till I and many that I know fail this app.  That means they are on there phones less and less money in the Facebook pocket.
Best for me
It is a nice app
Ekin yow
Too slow to download
The new Facebook is awesome
Need more improvement!!!
We Just Want FB To Add Most Recent Posts to The app and Be Able to View Top Comments on a Post.
After the update, this app is not loading pictures, and also become very slow.
Love your app
One more reason to cancel your Facebook account, I guess!
Review by agnes rosette
Good app to be connected with
Cool
Aswm
best of the best
This update is not very good I want to see most recent status updates when I open my account not top stories I dont want to have to go into settings everytime I use facebook to change it, it should already be there automatically
Hi
Very good
It's how I keep updated with my world. I absolutely llove it.
Takes up to much space
Ruby
LG E-435
Verygood
Do not want to be forced to use fb messenger in the future.
Love it but after using it my cell,s battery gone low faster than other apps >_<
App sucks now I absolutely HATE this back words layout. My feed keeps changing back to "top stories" for no apparent reason. 
That's fantastic
Very nice Facebook
Excellent App
Thanks for Facebook
when closing chat head showing error..
md.noor
App is OK. Wish they would leave the feed alone. I want most recent, not most popular.
Why can I not just set my feed to show the most recent posts, and have it stay that way.  I dont need to see the "most popular" posts first, trust me, I've very likely already seen them 16 times.  Quit screwing this up.  Facebook was perfect before you started overprogramming it.  We just want to log on and see -in chronological order- what our friends have posted.  Period.
I really like thus application for it motivate and encourage me
The bigger this app gets in size and bandwidth, the more features they seem to take away. Was once perfect, can't save videos anymore, even with Wi-Fi it didn't load fast. And now no messaging. You have to download Facebook messenger which takes a hell of a lot of space if you want to send and receive messages...I wish 0 stars was a rating.
Love it
My Best App ;-)
Very nice
My friend requests keep getting deleted. I get an alert and I go check it and the friend request is just gone.
It would be better if the birthdays appeared as notifications. I cannot everyday look at the events list for birthdays. Also most liked comments appearing first would be nice
Works perfectly
It whitney
Good website
Great
Its not working properly when we open the friends its not working n  settings n  friends  not opening please fix it..
Hiv
FB always popup ads and reloads the app and the screen always turns white.
Nyc
What happened to this app that I can only get the pics I took with my phone, no uploaded or fixed with Snapseed pics?
The bigger this app gets in size and bandwidth, the more features they seem to take away. Was once perfect
justine
KUEL
Not up to the mark!
Isabella
Doesn't even load up anymore, no facebook since last update. Thanks :-(
Why is it that it says i have   insufficient storage? I have plenty of ram space, seriously, does this app need 10GB of storage space. This sucks!
Why when i trying to run this app it always force close and says that the app is failed ti start at my phone and i need it to reinstall. .fix this asap
Good that it stores already loaded stories when your offline now
Yeah much but I fash network
@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@*very Good@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@*
nice at all
very dirty things come
Yup its gud bt not up to mark.
Cool.......
Nice app. I like this.
The way the videos play suck! And it goes from most recent to whenever...
Lost the option to get rid of whatever I want.   Have to keep "suggested posts"!  Not enough reasons as to why I don't want to see something ... how about "I don't want suggestions!!! "
cant open all videos shared, it cant be downloaded now in my phone.
AW-SUM
I hated this app forever, and now fb is forcing me to get it. If it weren't for a few people I use facebook to keep in touch with, I would have said screw it and just never used their messaging system again. Which sucks anyway.
Cant play videos its crap...
Its social application is very exllent in student life
I never see this type of Facebook software
Its better if we can store it in the sd card cause it consume much space in the internal.
I
2014and update is still garbage. Trouble finding landing, loads and loads and loads,etc. Still loading as I type. Was fine before I updated. Ugh.
For every phone
*****
Stop at 30% while downloading.
Best gossipp sit around people on face airs there dirty laundry on fb not people but it will give u a gd laugh.
Great Way To Connect To Friends And Family. :)
Average
Connect to frnds
Love it
Nice
Latest version locks up and won't scroll properly.
It now says we have to install messenger in order to receive our messages....that is ridiculous..some ppl don't have enough storage space on their phone bc the Facebook app takes it all up...
Incress SamsunG  Mobile sale
It takes to long to download but other than that i like Facebook
Facebook app & Messenger app take a whole lot of memory. Why are you guys taking lot of memory........
Yes, I loved it
Nice
Superb
Too much data used after 3 hours..
Really nice!!!!!
Not so good. Disappointing
Excellent appppp but consumes much space....
Wooow update version is excellent.
its great to have facebook
Tari
Face book
Please fix new app it is very slow
Very nice
It took to long to download all night all morning
FAVORITE
I like Facebook
Good God, i had to literally buy a new memory card to accomodate this app, i just cant uninstall it since i really need it. Plus every time i try to open it just crashes. No sense checking my account anymore if the app is unusable, i used to love fb but now your giving me tons of reasons to hate it. Kindly fix this soon else i might just uninstall it.
Absolutely amazing
grt nw
Kadak ....... ... .. .
N simple to access
Best
Works wen wants to
Rashedul Kabir
It takes a long time too download , can't update too recent News Feeds . And everytime I try too  text someone back my phone freezes . I had too un-install some games . And it takes up WAY to much space . Also it takes a long time too open the app . Also there is something wrong with FB messenger . Like I said everytime I try too text someone back it freezes .. I even had too restart my phone so now I have too get my apps all over again ... and I have a lot......... Thanks FB >:(
Facebook
Unable to download it rakes up to much space and I'm still unable to move my pic to the right folder after they have been uploaded to face book
Slooooooooow download Headchake
A must need and Very good app! Becomes awesome when used on Android :)
Nyc
What the ? Why does it need 40mb+ of space ? I loved this app since i used android phone the last 2 years. Now i cant use it because of its size -.- fix it and ill give a better rating
The app is perfect, but is a go back to the top button to much to ask?
Very slow I want be unnistall this application
stucks on loading..!!!
It's amazing......
Its good
Doesn't load completely, screen flickers, can't like or comment, COMPLETELY UN ABLE TO USE THIS APP...I have uninstall and reinstall several times with same results.
I will rate it 5 stars. If it is fixed.
And now the jerkoffs want us to install the Messenger app, another battery hogging piece of overbloated crap. Thanks, 20 year old incompetents
I love facebook
If you have an android this is absolutely a good app to download. It doesn't move slow nor does it freeze.
Again, Facebook fails to get this very simple thing right. Facebook's app has been increasingly terrible.
Fix it
But better than the older versions
Good
It connect people even the loss one!
Like
can't download it-¡ã-!!!
Love FB
Too much space . Please fix it . Ty .

Do or die
Faster than browser
It was still 22mb when I downloaded this app but when I take a look at the "Manage Apps" in my settings, 140MB!? I mean, this app is consuming more memory than frontline commando 2? Please fix this :/
I love this app!!!!
nice one app
This new update is horrible. It takes forever to load and once you log out it want let you back in. It also doesn't allow you to see notifications properly. My second time trying to re install the app
I've updated it, then the download completed, updating Facebook was also displayed......but after some time when i opened it....it wasn't updated.....& play store also shows update for Facebook....idiots....
Best2
Great app.....but sometimes it hangs up my micromax...
The alarming thing is that it eats to mych space... last version was 20mb. Now its 145mb..... pleasr update it again.
This app would be great but it takes so long to load things... And im sure it not my connection as im on 40 meg wifi atm and everything else online takes seconds to load
I'm sorry but Suggested Friends is the most stupid feature on Facebook. Why would you block my asking abilities for adding people YOU suggested? People have a decline button for a reason. If they don't like me or just don't want to be fb friends they can decline. AND PLEASE FIVE THE NEWS FEED. I'M TIRED OF SEEING POSTS FROM DAYS AGO AND RARELY SEEING THE PRESENT/ RECENT POSTS.
Nice
It's great
Loved it
Requesting too much access

It is so much fan!!!!.
Im lovin it,its great tp
Cheryl
No me importa chatear ahora a fuerza tengo que leer mis mensajes desde la otra app una raz¨®n para quitarlo!!!
Blabla
Cached. Vxvb
Not bad...but some times it started working slow
I loved  it
It is good. But its still needs of improvement. To become more fun and enjoying. I hope on the next version there will be lots of new and more.
update sucks. why am i forced to use messenger app!
Love it
4:28
I love and like. I give 5 stars
very good
It is always stuck...The older version was the best....updating the Facebook app is of no use.  ...when the problem is solved I will give 5 star rating for the app

Kool
Wow
V good
I love it. This is my favourite site.
I can't filter my newsfeed, can't post status updates, and it takes a LONG time for app to switch between messages in inbox. Fix it people this is a terrible "update".  5/8: app keeps switching back and forth between being able to filter the newsfeed and not being able to. I've tried 5x to post a status update and it never shows up. Terrible.               7/29: why are messages being moved to a separate app? This is a huge mistake. I will most likely stop using the Facebook app altogether now.
Lovely app
Horrible , people don't want more apps on there phone , taking up space c'mon
Like Comment and Share
Good
Awsome
I rated 5 stars but pls do some more fixes Pressing the Like button and it will be unliked automatically
FB always popup ads and reloads the app and make it white screen.
Compare to opera mini n Uc browser it takes lot of time for loading
Gud
Not much
I like. Fb
Too laggy, too much space required
I used to like Facebook but... between not seeing some of my own posts that have disappeared from my own wall on my phone because of the "top post" feature is extremely frustrating and now being able to view anyone's "edit history" is absurd. Privacy issue has gone out the window. Seeing repeated top posts is daunting. Pls bring the old Facebook back! I wish there was a petition we could sign against the horrible changes. Thk goodness it hasn't totally affected tablets or I'd be done w/FB
Love
Love it!
So so good.....
Excilent apps
Freezes up for no reason, won't log off at times, and having problems playing videos and saving them.
Jo mast hai wo mast hai
Excellent
Get it now
Now its time to say that the  Facebook app is now officially a complete package of smartness nd fun !. kudos FB team 
so heavy
X vetren from veatnam
Every time I try to upload a video to my page it crashes my phone!!! Please fix!!!
The app is good but ever since the last 2 updates i m not able to open it on my samsung galaxy pocket duos, 5 ***** if u resolve this problem.
Its very big app please dicrease app size
This is a company that regularly gives your personal data to the NSA and now they are forcing people to use their messenger app. 2 huge apps for one account? Really not worth it! I would not be surprised if it were to create more ways to spy on us. Perhaps it'll trigger the mic and camera while you text. I'm so done with companies thinking they can force me into one product or another. Bye-bye crackbook! Uninstalling!
Why so much SPACE taken.thats why i cant update
I hope everyone that's as mad add I am, which is A LOT of people,  so the same and give fb and fb messenger terrible ratings for this terrible marketing decision.
2good
Tooooo nice
Moving messages
I just got a pop up on my Facebook app stating that messages will no longer be displayed via the app and that you HAVE to install messenger. WTF?!  I don't want to install messenger and I don't want to be forced to use it.  Facebook is turning in to an egotistical company really quickly.  Thanks facebook. The app has now been uninstalled.
Hy friends  1q
Excellent....
Kisi bhi tarah ka jokhim n lena hi sabse bada jokhim hai
Its too slow loading.. gosh sorry to say but takes time to load all images and especially my pics..
Ui UN beautiful and eat many space0
Too much space :( tsk..
Love it
Not happening. Stop crossing the line!
It say that it's 22.7mb and when i downloaded it  it says 186mb wtf
Ok
Its vry easy to upload videos ......I ws hv m old video bt its ws  takein alt of tym to upload ..hmm bt nw I hve update all videos. ...!
The app has improved over the years but now that messenger has been pulled it again compares very poorly to simply accessing Facebook over a basic mobile browser.
FMOI @Singingher_PantiesOff
This is good for me
Nice
Amazingly
Great
Good 1
Nice nd fast app  for facebook
Facebook + messenger = complete social experience, appears Thats going away....
Crashes every time I click on a video which is shared on anyone's wall.
Quick
It occupies too much space. It increases up to 50MB.
Too slow to load images and videos
SUPERB MAN AWSOME
Waste
Nice
Every Time I Try To Open It, It Would Freeze,Then Close Back Dwn!!! Very Disappointed And Will Not Be Using It Til' It Gets A New Update!!!!
awesome
I love facebook
Not bad. I think I like Plume better.
Apps
Yam
Will stay open for 5 Seconds and back out of app.  Restarted app and uninstalled and reinstalled.  Still turning off Samsung GS4.
Thanks for fixing it.
Why would you force me to install a separate app for messaging when there's already a perfectly good one built in? I liked being able to see a post and then privately message someone about it in the same app. If I have to close out and open another app I'll just use my normal text messaging.
Keep in touch
Khan
BAba
YEAH
In
Best
I can't download it always say's error? Why? Please fix it. No need to update if the service was not good.
Saloni kumari
Always have to force close and has a slow response!
Good
Uses way to much space....after sometime it consumes over 90 mb space...have to clear data every now and then...
I love the app
Sangat gempak
Wow
So wasteful, can't wait to see the news feed being forced onto me too
I lovee Facebook.!
Kalo bisa lebih canggih lagi! ,Okeeee!
I always get error -24 when I try to install this app on my mobile..
Sonyxperia T2 Ultra
Goodjob
You need to put a thumbs down (dislike) icon next to the thumbs up(like) icon. My daughter has been posting thoughts of ending her life on her fb page,& it would be nice to see those comments have a dislike option that can be marked. Every other app gives a thumbs up or down opt. Why don't you guys.  Please make that a feature. My daughter's life may depend on it.
Crashes like hell
Zomg this app is just 20mb, After 2yrs the size is 237mb dafuq? Why does this happen? Over time the size grows bigger larger this is stupid, this is why my phone lags so much, also im gonna uninstall this stupid facebook app, im just using google to use facebook, 237mb ur stupid...
This app need too much space ..!! It difficult to download in my phone ..
There r no updates in it very bad
Love it
Patta
I just saw the notification about making it mandatory to have the messenger app in order to view messages. Once that happens, I will be Uninstalling the Facebook app, and Deactivating my account. I hated having the messenger app, and it was such a waste of space, so I uninstalled it. Keep everything in one app, and I'll keep the app. I'm not the only one who feels this way either.
It's taking too much space and becoming way too slow... hope this improves when the messenger tool separates from it
Face book
Kishan
I loved it
Good
Good app
i just download it and the space 70mb ? wtf data eat 36mb?
Bugs
Agarwal
Good
Why is that? Every time I finish watching a video it always crash?
But always poping up saying facebook not working all the time. :-(
Why are my messages moving to the messenger app?? I uninstalled that app because it doesn't update with current messages. You're killing me, Facebook.
No complaints
Face book is the top application amongst all social meadias. It is so  popular in the world. It has brought world's 'people under a roof and there is vital roll n  contribution  to bring people nearer. Now a days people ask that are you on fb? This is the example of its popularity.  moreover it has the feather on its hat by whatsapp.we would always be Thankful to fb, its creater n his fb team...simply I LOVE FACEBOOK.
Super Cool
Bakwass
Rico
It gives errors some time that is not good for health
Bad apps fb
Bad. I can not use this update. I vote 1

cokwak
When I useing it was going slow
liked it much
In this app
WILL NOT INSTALL
Very good
Nice
Zakaassssss
Its eat sooo memory
Nice
Photos don't load, games won't connect. What kind of upgrade is that??!!!
Oh nice sana kso hnde ko madownload  content
Donwload
Super
bati
works for me
Facebook is social app which is useful to communicate with my friends
Better
Always crashing when playing video streaming..fix this please.
it's very smart app
It marvellous I love chating wiz friends
Was better before I could actually change my news feed in the older version
Fb is my life it is a coolapp
Unknown error code -24
MB please bring down the MB
Its always crashing and stops working.
The best
Love it
Love it
can't open messages
Very nice side
Niccc app for friends who want to b in contect for life time with each other
Nuff said?
Facebook
Facebook
superb
Not Bad
Maraj
its cool
Don't get the most recent
I love it a lots
So frustrated!! Refresh after 30mins and the news feed is almost the same !! Wtf man!!
Helpful
Good...
Amaz...
Images sometimes take like forever to load inspite of using 3g network ......everything else is acceptable but not this.....pls solve this issue ASAP
i can't install it it's always ERROR
Hate how slow it is now, hate how I keep seeing posts from like three days ago that I don't care about, and hate that it takes like 5 minutes for messages to send to people. Almost ready to uninstall. Needs to be fixed!
Its very fast to get our browsing speed
Loving it
Good
Ultimate app...
To many ui changes
Crashes & freezes even when not in use. Battery eater! Please FIX THIS USELESS JUNK!
Good
Bodo setan
sometimes slow but gotta have it. galaxy s3
-_-
Why would you remove a key function like messaging!?
Supar
It has problem for searching for something but i liked it 4 star.
Facebook maker please make facebook faster in order ways not to install the messenger cuz it takes me to add aditional apps to my phone then makes it slower please make facebook in other ways thnk u
Venki
It was working just fine but now the messenger doesn't work at all.  Too many bugs.  Also you have to constantly go to the hidden menu and click on an option to see the recent news feed.  Its annoying.  The older version was better.
Tooo slow
I didn't want to even give it one star but almost every day I can't scroll more then two statues without it kicking me out and this will be for hours I even send a report and nothing fix and will Gove a better rate
Gud
Thanks
Kainth
I used the app for convenience.  If I now have to install messenger to view messages I might as well view Facebook in the browser.  Uninstalling now.
The new update has ruined the app
Its so slow
Not good
Good,...

I hate that you made us download messenger to send messeges now..... doesn't make sence
Good
nice
Games
Unable to update Not enough free space to install app To install about 17mb!!! Come on, 100 mb is not enough???  Are you people for real...
Jai ho
Once upon a time, this app ran at a decent speed and took an average amount of storage.  Now it's slow & laggy, and has bloated to a huge app.  The latest?  An announcement that they'll be removing the Messenger features to force you to install the Messenger app.  I will uninstall this integrated app and use the mobile site exclusively before I install a second fb app on my device.
Awsome
Cool
Mo mabaho
No words........
Taking lot if space more than 100 mb therefore uninstalled
Nyc app
Gets expired soon
no video downloading option........ click on video its automatically playing... pls pls fix
very use ful
Not bad just fine....!!!
Loved it
I need to stop those game  notifications . I don't know how and I hate it .
Kurang Mantap
Very good
My network is 3G but this apps will slow bad
Facebook
Meeting some of my old n lost friends thanx goes to fb team keep it up...
Wow
Tamil language not supporting
I love facebook

So good. Thanks
Good fd
WORST BLOODY UPDATE, EVERYTIME I TAP TOO WATCH A VIDEO, IT'LL SAY "ERROR" *UCKEN DRIVING ME NUTS. STOP UPDATING IT, THERE WAS NOTHING WRONG WITH IT, TILL YOU DECIDED TOO ADD SOME "FEATURES". NO ONE CARES, ALL WE WANT IS A APP THAT WORKS PERFECTLY FOR US TOO USE. FAAARRRR
Samsung company not good
Better

Instead of showing top posts in main view you should have shown most recent. It make the app user unfriendly. Please improve it.
Facebook: connecting people..
Crap facebook
Notifications dont come. Have a Rooted CM11 Galaxy Grand
I love it
Runs slow and the stuff I get from adds and don't ask for or like. Don't get too see very many people's post anymore unless I go on there wall I don't get all post from friends I follow
Thanks
Love it
Since my system memory is very less ,i hv to move the app to external sd card,but i am unable to moved the app
Wird mit der Zeit echt immer besser :)
Well
To much space... before 43 mb now its 69 mb..can't move to memory card ..
Can't move up or down
Use too much phone memory
Too slow takes up too much space. Old stories on news feed and when I hit most recent it reverts back every time I log in. I hate it.
Very addictive
This app takes up way too much space for no reason! And every time I go on, it like freezes and loads for awhile then sometimes it'll work usually it crashes and nothing is loading on it like pics and vids. I did not have a problem at all with this app before!
nw m happy to use the app
This is nice apps
Loved it
I can't play videos it keeps saying error
Crap keeps posting everything twice refuses to let me like posts keeps crashing sort it out!!!
Very good software and very good function
Works everytime
I LIKE FACEBOOK
Why you dont make it small space app
Use to b fun now all it does is forceclose every ten mins or when tryin to play a video or if u go to like something the comment box pops up n it never wanta to let me make a post without forclosing and why would I wanna see a post from Saturday on my news feed when its Tuesday fix it and ill keep the app
Every time I'm half way through watching a video on Facebook, the video just crashes and says "Sorry, but an unknown error occurrd while trying to play this video" this has happened every time ever since the new update and it's really annoying. Pls fix the problem n I'll consider a five star. Thanks.
Wall fast and wall bobo
this is greaaaaaaat!
Ok
Nice app
Very nice
App keeps freezing up.... when I click other apps, Facebook pops up. Samsung S3
I like it very much ..
(:
THIS APP SUCKS! I get tired of you suddenly deciding something is a top story when it's not an evergreen topic! I miss cool events because you douchebags decide suddenly the next day that it's germane. And now you decide to eliminate messaging completely? Your data mining empire is already  past critical mass. Now, you're just begging to implode!
This is the best
Awsome
Great!
A221
its juz awsm
Free
Olanrewaju 101
It's good
It's going well, but sometimes it glitches. Mostly comments.
The app loads images vry slow!! And every tym i try to view an image it force closes!?
Videos will not load it says something went wrong video can not be played! Please fix!!!!
Crashes on my note 2!
Slow loading. Freezes. Force closes a lot. It's getting worse.. photos often don't show at all. Just a grey box. Sucks. Oh yeah and if I comment on a post in a group I get notified for every single comment after and can only "stop notifications" using the internet browser..defeating the purpose of this app!!
Good
#Yo App
Loved it
Faceook
Shashank
The post are not always updated, pls. Fix
This aplication good
Lovie
Easy to click.
It occupies a lot of space. A better Space & time efficient algorithm should be used. Looking for an update with this feature
I loved it too much that I always feel  better to be online.... Its very easy to stay in contact with fb anytime anywhere.... Always shows notifications & Messages. ..
Thanks
Ilove Facebook feeds
Why didnt download it in my phone... I accidentally uninstall it then i cant download it anymore... Any suggestion...
Terrible
Too much slow for loading....

Too much space. Why do it keep spacing out up to 50mb? I like the old update better.
Hi
LOVING LIFE
Loved it
To much memory and data usage
Account wont sync with my phone
Waste
Good
J¨® lenne az alkalmaz¨¢s, ha nem lenne ilyen bazi nagy a m¨¦rete ¨¦s nem raboln¨¢ le a mem¨®ri¨¢t a telefonb¨®l.
Love it :)
I wanna log in to facebook but it says  Sorry, unable to login to facebook. Please check your network connection or try again later, but my connection is full bar. Its been 1 week I cant facebook In the browser I can log in to facebook Please fix it
Langa thusi
Custom privacy option gone. Doesn't matter what I set it to on desktop version. Cannot edit on app to custom. I also don't understand why you're taking out messages in this app and forcing people who wish to still use them to download another app.
Good
Yyyyyyuu
^_^
Great
goriya naara da
Slooooow download
i hate it. Due to the Mb
Serously too much space in my phone used up and it loads too slow...please fix that.
Like it
No matter how much I delete my phone won't let me download. This is ridiculous.
It is excellent app
Your "stop notifications" option doesn't seem to work all the time....and it isn't for all the posts....please add..thank you.
on my Droid Bionic.  It just sits there at a black screen while trying to launch.  Worked fine literally one minute before the upgrade.
Amazing
HI
Its great. One should install. Its good one
Stupid, I update and the piece of crap wont load. Plus it goes into websearch when going into someones file, cant it just stay on fb???
Facebook
:)
This app occupied too much space! Please fix it.
Good
Nice
Facebook app is soo gd they connect people
Coco show

Very good
Too many hacker.. why dont u block they always hack my acc i lost 5 of my acc now
Jilla
th
Stupid !
Its awesome
Lucban
Cool
Login need some time. Need to be faster
It's good& fabulous
There is no option for 'Most Recent' or 'Top stories'. Most of the stories on my feed are old. Change that and I will change my rating as well. Please!!
Why its blocking the likes hmft
Its very slow ....... And can't see the picture.
Magade
This  sucks i have been downloading since 6pm and still no upload of fb...with all the reviews with concerns something needs to be done...i want to use fb on my cell ..but it wont download...help help help help help
Good
Super
For an official app, this is somewhat disappointing. Needs HUGE change.
My account was hacked
superbb
Excellent work
it doesnt load any messages or the news feed or anythig else :(
Awesome
Ka e me mir
Good
So, my newsfeed is stuck from Sunday and it wont load new stuffs. I ceep frefreshing it but no use of that. So... app really sucks!
This software very simple and good
Very good
Good app
It is so fun and cool
Good
nice
I love that theres an app that means u can get to facebook faster
And one more star off because of the nags to install Messenger have now heightened. Will be uninstalling all FB apps and using the mobile site instead
Ilove face book
This app very slow ....please fast on the app....
ok
I like it
While comparing with fb in browsers.. this app eats 65% of more data.. still hungry fb app.

Komal
It's slow and keeps on crashing
Its very slow to starting up and not download vedios
Norma
Very good
Nyc
Boring Time is made up
Jai
Rebecca
Nice
love it!!
Cooooooool app
Salo
Good
nice app
Mast
I like it Facebook
Goooooood
OK
Almost as good as the desktop version. One of my favorite android apps!
Can you please make it on full screen, like as blackberry.
Excellent
Its good...for social activities
Plzzz keep the messages into the facebook app not into messenger...¡­¡­¡­who the hell give u these suggestion...¡­¡­ Dropped to 1 star from 5
wwwlaolcom
Achs
Love it
Soooo good
Keeps freezing and shutting down, fix this crap!
I was really very satisfied with Facebook until I got an email saying that messages would only be used on the messenger app. All these other cheap fools with their cheap phones may have trouble with Facebook being slow and so you thought this was a good idea. Well no it isn't. I have an HTC and have no problem with slow service. I don't like to have a bunch of apps on my phone because that's why phones act up. An you're asking me to download another 12 mb app and Facebook itself is 25mb!!!
Good
2014
hi
The app is working fine now.
Very very bad conection lost
Great..!!
So nice. Full fill almost our demamd
Very nice
Shall
Application is closing automatically after latest update. Please suggest.
Videos dont play on my phone worst app
Gurung
Force closes constantly please fix this it was great before :-(
huh
Bj
Cant watch or download the videos
This update is very bad ....remove it
Really loveable. !
The size of the app gets keep on increasing on each update, which shouldnt happen. Didnt expect this blunder from the facebook
Please fix. Latest updated has rendered Facebook app useless. Please fix asap. Freezes the minute you open it!
Rajat Singh
Nice
facebook
Its slow as heck to load up
Ive seen no issues in this update
Improved a lot. But eats up my phone memory
It needs so much data and I don't even know for what, I was checking my apps due to the fact that I couldn't install anything because I didn't have any internal space, when I checked it, the Facebook app had 90MB of data in my internal memory, please if you could do something, maybe transferring it to the SD card might not be such a big problem, generally because Androids have no much internal memory. Thank you.
not bad
i love it
I keep crashing every time I open my app. Most of my Facebook time is on my phone, so you can see why this is an issue.
I can see all the people on this app my friends profile everything... Eccellente! And all you don't write bad comments stupid people.
Tried 3/4 times bt nt dwnloadabl
Es awesome. Cx
It's very slow on my Gal¨¤xy S4.....make it more faster. And, also the photo uploader is too irriting, it almost suddenly stops while uploading.
Well with my phone, this app makes everything go slow and i can't receive peoples text when i have Facebook app
it's a great app, yet it takes up to much memory on my phone, it also increses in size after I've veiwed videos, pictures abd sometimes only just posts. I really hope you don't get rid of the 'messages' part of the app, because I really can't install another app on my phone.
Lose my data
It's good one
As not so goody
Rrtt
Out standing
Why it doesnot have the custom option as the desktop version
Nice app
I've been using this facebook app ever since the start of android community since 2011 and by far this is the worst updates facebook could ever give, can't even use this app properly, every time I tap the facebook app, it would load on the loading screen then would crash again and again probably 50 times a day? So yeah, that's it
Exxcelent
Love facebook
Its cool
Good app excited to use facebokk through my android....hope dis app will not dissapoint me......
Hate it
THORbaek (y)
My mobile RAM capacity is low. So the Facebook MB increase , mobile processing speed is reduced. And every time I will update (download full version) above 20 mbs. So I have loss more data usage...
this takes too much time to load pic nd videos
So I hv to scroll down again to see the old post.
Dharmrawal
Superrrrrb.. BuT neEd mOrE iMproVemEntS.....
Very good

I can't play videos. I always uninstall this app and install again to play video.
Vvv
GORA CHAND MUKHERJEE,                    Guitar Player( Gold Medalist)
Good apl
Good
I love you
I love fb
Some things just aren't worth changing. If it isn't broken.. you know the rest. Please Change this horrible interface. Definitely not good. I wish I could get the old one back!
Have contact tab bug.
Hello friend...
Its such a waste app...takes ages to load news feed...so voluminous... I hate it. Its all crappie.
Love it
Loading slow
Though it still eats precious cpu power and ram while running in background, even while I do not use it, even while I have disabled chat and notifications... even when playing games, which hampers the overall experiance.
I can't reply to comments.
Use alot
Very great
I love u Facebook
Facebook
Good
If this app were fast definitely had 5 
Phey ling
This app has goon good to bad to absolute bollocks! Every time I click on a video, the app crashes and even after force closing the app, it still comes up with 'Facebook is not responding'. Takes a second force close for the app to work again. Only reason I'm not deleting app is that it's my only means of communicating with my family when I'm not at home.
Garisma
Faster and better
Said
Awesome
Cheema
I love this
i don't like the new version!
Its nice
Awesome
nice
Hate it
to to toooo
Bomb
Please update with a fix! Since I have updated, I have been unable to access fb on my phone!
Nice connection
k
Why automatically play videos in our news feed? If I want to to watch it, I'll choose to. What a ridiculous way to chew up data!
Hie
High battery drain !

Ever since the new update I can't see any pictures. Get it together facebook.
Not good.
App takes up way too much space!! Unnecessary..
Gr8..app
Thanks for the next day
Very cool
But frequent update request is annoying
App gets too much space on my phone. Please lessen it up...
Can't like posts, sometimes can't put up posts , forces closes a lot. The problem is not with my phone as all other social media works very well and I have a HTC one m8 with oceans of space on it so I can only imagine how bad this app must be on older devices . Internet Facebook works much better.
Its the best app on the playstore
Super
Need some updates
To much of updates and uses more space
I loved it
Why has this given itself permission to use my camera and mic without notifying me?  This thing is too invasive.  Stay away. Also.  I am now on samsung s5.  Not Sony
Joanna D. Malaca
Mahendra  Agarwal
It always foreclose :(
Nothing which is not working .
I can send  messages to my uncles and aunties...
Very very good.  But long memory's eat in mobile device.in 22.38mb
Love this social network
Fine
Nice from messenger
Yes
Plz try to fix some problems like give option in taging wit select all button
Nice features , and user friendly
Friend
So i do not get up to the min posts. I get post from hrs ago. I have no way of a drop down box to change this. Please fix for an lg optimus.
I don't why its showing all the time unknown error code..
I know you can improve it more. PLEASE.
SUPER WEBSITE
Faster than ever
Still the best
aye sung
Fb android app crashes wen we try to play any videos which is posted in fb site... This shud b resolved asap.
T
S iii mini
Good for infomation
It waste so much space :'(
but i prefer desktop version only.. installed this app just to get notifications... and I don't understand why MQTT push service keeps on running in background. push notifications doesn't require the app to be running in background. this is how google cloud messaging works. seriously a turn off because the app keeps on running in background. I guess I have to uninstall. ***UPDATE*** messaging is being removed from this app. uninstalled!
we got an unfollow post button. but now can you NOT force the messaging app on us?! I hate it. the way you send pictutes without needing to approve annoys me. what if I choose a wrong one?! its also confusing, I much rather go on the messages in the fb app. also, the friend request, messages and notification and search buttons hide when I am on a profile, searching for something etc. its annoying. I like to just have it at the top from wherever I am, not have to press back 5 times.
Loading very slow please make it efficient

Its keeping up friends is faster than ever
Baba sardar
garbage app
loved it
love it
slow
Nice
Become soo slow
It's great but I dnt wanna kno Wat my frends did 10 hours ago
Forcing to use messenger app.
This app has gotten to space taking. I can no longer update it since its to large. :-(
Worst update ever, wish I could get rid of Facebook all together. I want my news feed in order. I guess its coming to deactivating Facebook and start using Google+ didn't want too though. Everyone who is upset with it find the report a problem and blast their feedback. Tell them to fix it
I can't believe it Facebook is really the ONLY BEST EVER
Acchha kam karta h
Error loading news feed. Lmao
I love Facebook!
Why, in this version im unable to open and get messages.
the
No secur & more memory useless
Awsome
The news feed is very lacking, and there's many things you can't do on your own profile.
++++++ very high social site
always foreclose,too much space,pls fix,.
Success Good for communacating updates
Poor very very poor app.
please download into my phone
It wasted a lot of my memory
All other apps in my phone loads up fine but facebook seems to get laggy over any wifi my phone connects to
I enjoy talking with family and friends and this app allows me to do that successfully.
rath
Htc sense ...Nullllllllll :-\
Exceelent app
Every update makes the app worse. 
:-)
I like it its cool!"
Awesome
Good
Super circle connectivity
Seriously! Your moving messages over to your freakin' messenger app?! I'm not at all interested in this app. I don't want to have to install yet another pointless app from this company on my tablet. I am on 15/7 and NEVER have problems getting messages instantly. NEVER. Your reasons for this change are bull. I use FB for personal as well as business. Make this change and I'm leaving FB. You don't care what your users want and I'm tired of it. DON'T MAKE THIS CHANGE, and go back to most recent default. NOW!
Why i cant share post..when i click share it  doesn't  appear please fix  thank you!!
Cannot set privacy properly, all dictated by fb...yuck.....not loading on my asus fonepad...can somebody suggest why its not loading on my tablet...still not opening?????
Gud
Shows old stuff a lot
Kevu keka
Just downloaded 2 minutes ago and its already crashing. Didnt even put my info in it yet. Ridiculous.
It was easier to use Facebook on my phone
It lags alot. Need to fix so it does not freezes and Force locks you.
Mann
It's nice  to use  it
So good
I dont want to instal another app just to chat. If you force me to, this will be just another reason to move totaly to google plus. You are just like EA instead of making people happy you just fu.k with them
Nice
Pls put back the call on facebook. Its the only way i can call back my family far away without taking too much money. Ill rate it 5 then
Thanks
It keeps closing on it's own on my tablet.
I want to read messages here!!!!!!!!!!!
It takes too much space..
Social media  network  love
Fb
Very laggy and the scrolling needs to be alot smoother
Loved
I'm ysing Galaxy Y, It consumes a hard memory please fix this. Before I gave 5 Stars
Hate it too much Kb 
The new change Is bullshit. Why move messages to another apparently. That's why I'm going back to instagram and. Vine
Very fast app but the videos don't play

It takes many space on my phone...please fix it and I will give fullmark of star
Cool
Works way better now in my Nexus. Loving it.
thanks a lot facebok
if u update all future
Good
I love it
Appu
40mb. Reinstall ..
Its slow
Gerhard Goosen
I wish I could give this app zero stars . Every time I click the icon it force closes . I don't know why I even bother with facebook anymore . Please fix !
After log out appear always top story....i don't want this....i like most recent option but have error on new update. Repair pls. Thanks
Ok! 20Mb in the play store but when you installed it, it ups to 45mb. Pls. Fix it. IloveFacebookapp.
Many Thanks!!!!
Very bad
Why do i ALWAYS get an error when watching a video? Ive re installed it numerous times and it still shits itself
Sometimes got problem
its cool but lazy app
With every update its getting worse..used to be a good app...bt that's a history...process stops responding and closes itself..and in terms of space it should be a desktop app rather than a mobile...
It keeps updating.the only thing that changes is its size.
Love u fb
Please design the application to be moved to external memory..
love it....
nic apps.
Make an option that upload from mobile can be transfer to album by multi select
It should have less space. And it sync¡®s much data
Takes too much of space
Too much space consumed, reaching 50MB of my phone. I also hate your ad on going to Messenger. It makes the speed of my phone being f*cked up. Please remove that. Thanks.
FACEBOOK
Why all the update? It said 19 something MB then it turns into over 100 MB to much space if this is not taking care of will have to uninstall
Khan
It takes up to 199mb space in my phone..
Supper.........
Love it!!
slow! Slow! slow!
Yes looooove it
Gracevpelaez
Very good.
Awesome app
I love it . Hope youll provide more faster than this
Please remove the Ads From Globe. Will be much help..  Im in plan Not in free datas !!
No one can tag me in videos songs pics an vise versa are you effing kidding me? Why?!?!?!
Terbaik
I am speechless
552657213
Good
Had a problem with pictures loading
I love fb
Didn't like at first. But im starting to like the new update. Easier to manage. Ppl who complain just dont like change. Dont listen to them.. I wanna be able to change my language on the app to English Pirate but it wont let me. Can only do it on the website... this is something you guys should look into
Like Facebook!
Good

up too much data.
So now I have to install a second app to sneak into my contacts so I can use this one??? NOT happening. Uninstall and switching to fastfb app
Moves to 50 mb
If I start chat in group it stop!!!! Do smthing for this
Wonderfull ap to share and communicate...
Hmmmmmmaaaaa
I have so many problems with the Facebook app. I don't know whether it's my phone or the app and it takes up so much space. But it doesn't matter whether the app is on my phone or sd card.. It's still crashes!
Its ok
Doesn't play videos. Too slow
It always hangs in my phone
Simply the best
Awsm stuff
Doesn't need access to sms
Nice app to check updates on Facebook.but widgets are not so good. Displays old updates. Except widgets everything is good.
It's consuming more RAM....
Rama
Very cool
I'm always on Facebook spreading The Good News of The Lord.
Hidup mesti di teruskan
Update
These updates are total crap. You ask me to pretty much sell my soul, keep taking things that I use away & really its just a huge waste of time. Deleting my account & I wont be back.
Love
The updates suck.
I would like to be able to see the most recent statuses instead of top stories, also I feel like I'm being blackmailed just to read my Facebook messages. I have to waste data installing a whole other app just to read my messages
Nice bhi n dangerous bhi
It's all good, you people are pathetic and need to learn that on everything was going to be perfect if you want a better you do the programming you figured out yourself. until then be grateful and quit your bitching.
It turns off and goes back to my home screen and I can't access it for 4 minutes waiting for it to reload
Ali
I get a notification, but then it won't take me too it!! And what's the point of being able to like things offline...I want to know if I'm not online and  now I never really know if stuff is current or just WAS...
Facebook is awesome but the only thing is is it said facebook session is exspiered and I cant remember what gmail account I used and what password soo I tried to make a new one but it wont let me can u help please it would be helpful if u could help me get back on my account and to try to fix that thanks
Wtf . Can't partition to SD card . >.<
Very good.
I'll give it a better rate when the glitching with uploading pictures stops. Thanks.
Very slow
Ozum
It literally took 14 hours to download on my phone AND it says 19 MB but it increased to 56 MB. It's rediculous.
Cauz  its  so  easy  to  update ur status  ur pics very  good  must install
Inability to share and upload photos trying switching intenet from 3g to Wifi networks, also tried shutting down and restarting my phone and finally had to reupload the entire app.
You should improve this 
ok
I loved the app until today when I found out that they will be removing the messaging from this app.
logs all the time!
Fc after some seconds...very irritated.android 4.4.4
Very good app
Nice
Has crashed my phone TWICE today. My messages won't load and I'm not getting any notifications. Also I can't load many profiles.
great!!!
I m loving it
Vgood
Facebook is the most famos and cool app. I like it.
Ya lol
Nice app
The app loves to use up almost all my available RAM can you guys fix this? Also they are now going to force everyone to install messenger app to view messages if this happens I'm removing app
Lovd it
Plz dicress the space on smart mobiles
Cmon guys, ask zuckerberg
B bnbn
I want one good app not two almost okay ones. I will move my messaging to other services. Just dumb.
Has a good response mode.
It is verry good lovely and friendly app
Perfect
Install this it is so good
Superb
Good browser
It's good,fun app to have,yet could use little improvement as far as not enough control over more settings and layout. It works well with Whatcha get..
force stop again again :@
Too much spaces acupaid ..if it is a samsung galaxy y dous so..app maker know that wath is the capacity or ram or memory is supported..so it is very much bad ..
Is asom wen your part of a teem
Why are u moving messages to another app? What is wrong with one app does it all. Pretty dumb if u ask me... Also bring back the most recent news feed.... I don't care what happen 2 days ago.....
WTF !! What the hell is wrong with you guyz : FB team ..using it on my S3  it works cool though but only issue is of it's size .. I mean come on .. it almost gone on to 100 MB .. fix it and take your 5 ¡ï¡ï¡ï¡ï¡ï but now I'm giving you only 1 ¡î ..
Facebook moving the messages to messenger app.. that's  forcing ppl to download messenger even if they don't need it... Please don't make ppl do something forcefully... It doesn't matter if messenger is fast, I dont need it...
Very beautyful
Tthats a very good socail app for who person i don't konw but by facebook we can know that who are my friend nd stolen friend thats very good app and this latest version is too good because that is the batter than any social app...
Terrible
I love it.
Information
Facebook 100% good to introduce your business  or selling you good or knowing of friends
Good app
Takes forever to download. It is a good app. Please fix
Good
Looks cool on my new LG G3
Nice app...(y)
Last update broke Facebook on my phone. My news feed is all over the place!
Nic
Goooood
Thanks for trading storage and texting friends for ads and selling data.
Mahi
App keeps crashing for no apparent reason. If their mobile web version was better, I would probably go back to using their website on my phone. This constant crash is very frustrating.
This app is really good although it lacks some fea
Gud
It better
Suckerberg lettuce
WAY too much of a space hog. Otherwise amazing! Add Move to SD & get 5 stars!
Keep in touch with family and friends
Why would "bug fixes" constitute 3 new permissions. Including connecting and disconnecting from wifi, reading SMS and MMS, and adding and reading calender events?!
Excellent
Tahir abbasi
Please make it possible to save videos. I have to "share" everything, because then it appears on my wall, just to be able to view it again. It would be 5 stars if it could be possible to save videos.
Its my world
This app doesn't received notifications and we want to go to the Facebook and see notifications. Other thing is this app stop unexpectedly.. Fix as soon as possible..
I love fb and all but personally it uses too much space on my phone.  Every other day its a new update and it makea my phone run slow. So please come up with a way to save it to my memory card xause I have alot of space on there. :0)
Newsfeed isn't up to date ... I want to see today's update not 2 days ago update....cant edit a comment...cant delete a comment...holy crap everything ....and this app uses a lot  of RAM Memory...it is too big App for smaller devices....I dnt wanna even rate 1 star...bt its impossible to comment without rating...so I rated it 1 star...there is no alternate app...so u guys are surviving....
GOOD APPS.JESUS BLESS YOU.AMEN...
Useful
I am a man who has been scanned for viruses and other information you provide me with a it is a good idea to advertise the same time. I have a look at our place, and I am not sure what to say that I have to be a good quality. The information on the phone. It is not a good idea. The only thing I have to be a good quality. The information on the way to get a chance. I am a bit of a new one. It is a good idea to get the most important part of a new York City, the Google search that the information. If the read
I'm loving it
FACEBOOK FAIL! Bug, Won't load a image, can't view the news feed with a new Facebook design, special permission with the new NSA spy access, update without change everything, load slow and sometimes say Can't load results even I have a strong WI-FI/Mobile Data. UNINSTALL!
Thank you, makes you gather with friends and family again.
..video autoplay in news feed? I really really hope this is a forgotten april fools joke?
Lv it
Hate hate hate the fact you can't change to most recent instead of what Facebook thinks is most important! !
Beautiful
Its still easier than going thru my browser...
I WANT THE OLD VERSION PLEASE !!!!!!!!!!!!!
It takes forever to load now even on strong wifi
Need to Fix problems
So the next update removes messaging, so now we have to install and flip back and forth between two different apps? I hate the messenger app. Both already take up too much space and its much better to have versatility in one. How long until notifications are separated as well?
Facebook
Nice application and good work.thanks
You guys are doing too much! It's always changing, and that doesn't always mean evolving. So messing with everything and give us ground to stand on. Oh, yeah... leave the messenger alone.
ITs VERY FaSt Nd Easy to Play
Hy friend
it is nice
Crashes constantly, videos wont load, news feeds suck. Why do I need to see everything my friends comment on, or like? When I comment I someone post I don't need to know when everybody else does, just whoever's post it was. Why do I constantly see Tue same post from three days ago over and over again. Seriously this sucks!
Goods
Cooll
Save that for your mama
The great jointer
Firstly,  this app takes up way too much space. Especially to no longer see msgs w/in the actual FB app. Now you want to take up more space by forcing me dwnld another app just for msgs. Also, the news feed would be better if it showed the most recent news instead of posts that are days old.  Deleting entirely.
Sharma
Madhap
Quite honestly I don't care about the other annoying things such as the news feed thing everyone else is complaining about, my thing is if you're going to make an app that asks for all the permissions that you're asking for then at least make sure it works in all those areas, for a while now contacts have not been able to sync no matter how many times I uninstall and reinstall. Truthfully this might be one of the only reasons I have Facebook mobile! Occasionally when I'm bored too...

This  new Facebook app sucks big time
Vggg
I rlly like it (/^¨^)/
Takes up way to much space! Also, why do I need a seperate app for messaging?!? That's another 13mb plus all the data and cache it'll accumulate! I've never had a problem with messages on any phone I've had Facebook on so I'm not sure where you're getting this "it's more reliable crap from". Get your crap together. -HTC One M8
Hate the fact that it constantly shows stories from 2 days ago and doesn't let you refresh new stories anymore but other than that it's a good app
Kuul
best
Sarangae
Awesome display
Good
The best thing ever
Everytime i open a video it force closes
Constantly freezes. A massive backwards step.
Not only does the app itself take to much space and data we are now being FORCED to download facebook messenger which will take up more data and space....seriously considering deleting facebook altogether
Muahhhh
Fantastic app
Please move messaging back to this app.
contains unnecessary permissions and services. trim this down to what is essential. use intents rather than to try to implement everything. our phone doesn't revolve on Facebook. new layout sucks. old layout is more compact. also please add an option to permanently hide the status  photo and check in bar at the bottom. the viewing comments list needs further improvement.
Updates
There's no reason to remove the messages feature from the Facebook app to the Facebook messaging app. That makes no sense to download another app to use a feature I already have on the Facebook app, a place where it's SUPPOSED to be because they come from Facebook. Are you kidding me?
It's ok I love the update
My timeline sucks. I can't choose most recent as default anymore. WAY too much space! Facebook isn't worth all the memory usage. And guess what..? I don't wanna use the messenger app! By any means. Why is this now being forced on me?! 
Sharing has become very easy due to this app.  Rating 5 stars!
its pretty much cool...
Only giving two stars for the fact that I liked the app, but not for the inconvenience it will soon cause me. 90% of the time, I wouldn't get notifications for messages on messenger and I use a Galaxy S5, so it isn't a case of the phone being outdated. Not only that, but having two apps running in the background wears your battery down more than you think. Also, having to switch to another app just to read a message isn't easier. If I wanted to do that, I would just switch to texting whenever possible.
nice hhh
This is very good app
Nothing to say...an Ideal social  app
Awesome
The app always Force Closes.. And it takes forever to refresh the Most Recent post..
This app is very slow, and eats my battery as it is. Now you're going to disable messages so that I need messenger constantly running and eating more of my battery as well? How about you just don't fix what's not broken, and not get your app uninstalled for good.
Good one
It was bad enough that I had to go to settings and click Most Recent EVERY time I opened the Facebook app ("most recent" should be default) but now, when I get to Most Recent, it force closes once I scroll down 2 or 3 posts!! So, I can look at posts in random order but if I try to make it organized WHAM! Force close. No warning.
When i install its 23,35 mb when i sign up oys 71,37mb wth please fix this my phone is lenovo 920
To much and settings wont load you guys probably dont even check reviews eh
Nice app
Whenever i try to look peoples photos it doesnt load and just sits there with the loading ring
Amaze
W
facbook
Faster
Very satistied
Good so far
Not bad
I like it
Force closes all the time and tales forever to load ...
Sloooooooow
Gots its problems at times
If u remove msgs from main app i still won't install messenger because it's creepy..instead i'll uninstall the main app and everybody should do the same
I love it!
Needs quality photo viewing and uploads. You have the zoom function unlike IG, so HQ photo upload and simple viewing on the feed of a HQ photo is a good feature. Also, we can't upload files on groups. Overall, it's still our awesome everyday facebook. Keep it up :) (latest update, SGS5)
It was fine and now the update is slower than ever and notifications don't come through :(
It only shows top stories and for the years I've had Facebook I've always used and liked most recent better. Very disappointed at the fact that I don't have my most recent. And don't even get me started on having to install messenger now. I like having everything to do with Facebook all inside one app. Facebook is taking peoples options away and that is just not cool at all. I loved the simplicity of Facebook and now its just getting way to complicated and for the busy socials its just too much.
Nyc shortcut for fb for android!!!
Good app
OK so after all these pointless updates now this app is telling me that I have to install the messenger app because our messages are being moved there and that will be the only way of viewing them unless I'm on the actual web page..WHY?! All this is doing is taking up more of my phn's space for another pointless app..why can't you just keep everything on this same app..no need for multiple FB apps to do different things! You guys are making things worse!
Facebook is trying to grab market share from Skype/Whatsapp/Viber/Kik etc by forcing the messenger update. This is a classic case of feature-creep. Facebook needs to BE Facebook. They get ONE star for trying to be every other messaging app out there.
Logging in/out has became a hassle. I log out I can't log back in? Uses a TON of data & I'm not that active on my account. Rapidly depletes my battery life. If I don't log out, my phone won't make it 1/2 way thru the day before it's completely dead. W/o the app, viewing FB on my phone (thru Google app) is ridiculously slow, the news feed takes forever to update, etc. So I def. appreciate the app. Fix or @ least improve some of the issues mentioned & I'll give more stars for sure! Thanks! 
Sucks
Gch.

Could run smoother...
Now I have no reason to use Facebook Messaging. Good work!
Nice apparatus. .
Keep crashing... Open app n it closes every time since update TRASH!!!!
Being a truck driver it keeps me in touch with my FAM with out having to talk to them
Im not understanding why everytime I click on a video to watch on Facebook an error sign pops up could you all please fix because I am 2 seconds away from deactivating my account!
Nice
Wtf ....
I remember downloading it at 20 mb then one time it reached 120 mb. Takes too much space but the features are nice and useful.
Thanx
Great app
Whenever o tried to download it, downloading failed with an error at 99%. What the hell!! It's been happening for last 4 days!
noob
Love for god
Since a week i cant play videos i dont know why it says "something went wrong by playing the video try again later" already did a feedback but it stills the same, please fix it i still give it a 5star because i like it but please fix this
Haider
I use this to connect to my far away friends and loved ones
Faster app
Love it
Meth
Wont open, hangs, is painfully slow. I want the app before the so called improvement
Why does this need access to so much?  I've deleted until Facebook gets out of my business.
Facebook is the best
:)
The screen stop while I check my new feed. I couldn't continue see all the posts of my friends. I stop auto video. And still have a same problem. I need always to shutdown the application and run it again. Please find  solution to this problem.
Why facebook app needs messenger to call   though facebook app has call button???    why dont you remove call icon from facebook if its has to depend on messenger
Tiruvarur
Why do y'all keep changing this app? I have absolutely no memory for other apps because fb is way too big. Force closes constantly, slow to load and constantly fails to update my statuses. Why are there so many things packed into an app? If people wanna do all that extra crap then they need to go to the website cuz I'm tired of my phone going berserk over a app being too big. Please fix this app or I'm removing app and mine and my kids accounts. Since when is social media this complicated???
Pranit
Full of bugs...this app is still plagued with all sorts of bugs..what a shame :-(
Facebook
Lately its not veen refreshing, wont play videos, messages wont show up, and i only get about 1 out of every 7 notifications, super annoying, the app is supposed to be more efficient then using the browser but at this point im over the app, seriously considering deleting it
I constantly get stuck in the messaging tab and the keyboard lags terribly
Good
Hey reduce the size since I cant update it more now.... :( :(
Olo
GOOD APP S
very nice, I've been easily search my relative's, friends and classmates, at simple click
Not really satisfied
The app worked perfectly fine with the messenger in it but now you want us to use a separate app for messages? Thats some bs.  I may consider uninstalling facebook app already.
Superb
Not too bad
The
Sup
This is seriously the worst app on the market; not only does it up my memory with all of these updates with nothing to show for it, but lags so badly & crashes constantly. The first time the app was created was the best, there were no flaws whatsoever and ran smoothly. Now you're forcing us to use messenger? How about, no. That garbage eats up all of my ram and battery. You've destroyed this app.
Hi Helen
DC
.But why there is an increase in MB always. This is juz an 18MB app bt why it approaches to more than 50MB? Can give us an answer?
Its satisfactory
Won't load any images and only half of the feed I've re-installed it 4 times. Still sucks. Fix it please!
I can not log in to Facebook or instagram on this phone . I just got it today.  I don't know what the issue is. The Facebook website won't even work on my phone
Not bad
Cant play video................... Response n fix it!!!!!!!!!!
Me molesta que retiren el inbox del app de por s¨ª est¨¢ ocupa mucho est¨¢ espacio ahora las dos no puedo instalar nada m¨¢s ! Por favor reconsiderenlo
I am loving it.
Nice way to stay in touch
a fine social network.
Easy-to-use
Because this app always not responding in my phone .... So I hope you can fixed this ..... Okey ...?
Its slow it lags anf it takes up so much space. Plesse fix
Awesome
So slow can be faster . Can be better than this ...
CL ICK
I am not so comfortable with facebook right now b/c it is pretty much slow and it updates almost every day making my phone get more slower than ever .. seriously that game needs to stop

Please don't move messages to a new app.  The message app is horribly invasive.  I will now stop using Facebook all together.
Good
Takes to long to load update plz!!!!!!!
Love
Last update is just crap! Unable to watch video on facebook app..
Its features are good. Launch a mini version for 2.3.6 android
This app sucks now! I get one it and then it tells me force close!!! FIX IT!!!
Please update and fix the errors then this time I give you a one star reason there are a problem with errors
It constantly stops. Do not recommend
Wow
Masvingo mapanzure
I can't connect to my instagram via facebook, to much space everytime i updated,
Superb..
I love Facebook app for sure 
Good
T
Thanks
@TIGGARRELLO ON INSTAGRAM
Good
So now I have to download another app just to message people on fb? I already have barely any room on my phone because of the original app let alone downloading another one. So glad they tell you in advance.
Like it
It makes my nipples so twisty fresh.
ilove it though
Allan khattak
Super super
App is cool and dandy
I LIKE FACEBOOK. . .
J c patel
Cool
Nice
Why memory aways increased???? Its work very slower than other browser. Plz fix it
Tbh i really like facebook cause you see what everyone is up to
Love facebook
Super app
Update sucks
Its ight always there cx 
Too slow an it used to be fast...put it back the way it was originally! Its easier to use Opera mini browser.
This social game is wonderfull.
So nice
Fb is heart
Super awesome
I hate how I have to delete so much apps just for an update.
This is my 4th time trying to download FB & when it comes to the installing part it says there was an unknown error code during application installation. Can someone please pay attention to this n fix it.
occupies a lot of space, too slow...
Its yo
Worst game in the world i dont know how to play >:(
45 mb is just too much
On Samsung Galaxy S3 using Freedom Pop I can't download pictures from FB to my device. When I try to share a photo the app crashes.
Good
Best
Really slow... Needs atleast 1 GB of RAM! And takes 45+ MB of space which cant even be moved to sb card!
thumbs up
Lol
Buruk bngt
Nice
I can talk to my friends and family
Good
It runs up to 60 something mb
Fun
I love it the best ever
Garbage.
Photos do not stay in the comment boxes. Have to repeat the photo five or six times. Please fix.
best
Thank you
Asome
The app doesn't open at all. Really need to update this.
AEIMAL.DEISCAURI
Well if it would let me do my settings of my friends list I would have gave it about a 5 but till know u just getting a 3
Needs to be a lot more smoother

Oho
I love it
Hated it
Its all about cleararity...i love ths
Its great and awesome look it has. Those who suffering the problem of increasing size app problem do one thing go to setting >>app manager >>Facebook >>clear data . Now you can see its come to its original size (clearing data means loosing account data which is login currently in device and caches also you have to login again to stay connected on Facebook.)                                                  Press helpful button if I helped you :-*
Very useful app to be in touch with friends
This century's gods gift fb
Look up "Facebook controlling behavior of the country"
Nice
8.1 is fine by me..
Forced to have as bloatware now and it was acting really buggy and slowing my phone down disabled and will not use app for a long time the mobile site is better and you can get status updates in real time not from 4 days or several hours ago at the top of the news feed
It is very good to install.
The app inflates to 150+ MB on phone storage. Why?
Way to slow and takes up way to much space! Also all I see is what people posted yesterday, the day before or longer, nothing actually current.
Sorting options are gone! Recent Stories are not viewable!  Notifications are buggy between app and Messenger app.
It is not bed
It is a cool app
love the app 'cause it's now smooth.
Its okay.
Useful .....
Loved it
This is best in world
But i wanna be nice
Its ok
Thank you for being able to make photo comments now when commenting on a status.
Gud
Please add comment replying option as well as turn notification on off option..
Faceboo
I like it
Nice but not so good
Its ok but why I can't watch videos on the app? Fix please but other then that its ok...
Its a good social network
Good
This app takes up to much of my space
It works for a while then starts to crash and I have to uninstall then reinstall then it works for a little longer please fix then I'll rate a five thanks
Excellent
#ILOVEIT
It was just 22mb i remember but too many updates u know how big it is now 115 mb -_- and u cant even move it in the SD card
nice app
Mad
Good
Good app
Good service
It is the best thing
Very Good
Prsesing slow
Would love if I could hide stat from some people. I can do it on a computer and a tablet but not cell phones.
good
Awesome
I love ily
Great way to commucate
Nice
Love it can't do w/out it :)
This is just too heavy for such app. Keep this up and I'm uninstalling it.
Great
Facebook
Super Good
The update ruined it. Should be a choice between modern & classic
Love
Good yaar
Please fix the freeze problem...
Keeps crashing. Update sucks.
It's not installing and says "error code -24. And messenger won't install,so please fix it
Too sloww fkn fix it
Hlw !!
It's no the better update

Poor updates! all new status showed "edited "when you didn't even edit it!
Video quality SUCKS
Takes up way too much space now
Free app and also you get new from freinds and outhers
I felt bad coz this app consumes too much space.the last time I remember is only 32MB , but now it takes up 62.72MB of my phone memory. Please! , please! , please!  Hope you resolve this for the next update!!! Sam. S duos here!
Negi
Ausome
Angeilca
Good
Beautiful
Less recomiendo
Super hit
It turns off and goes back to my home screen
It wont let me uninstall!!!!!
Having a lot of trouble with Facebook atm! Can't see my chat. Can't tag people. Taking forever to load. Pictures in my time line don't load. Vibrating on notifications even when I've turned it off. Please update soon as I've never had these problems before!
Nice App...But works Very Slowly!!
Suga
Facebook keeps turning off on me saying session time up log on again, funny thing is I just logged in, it always needs updating and sometimes doesn't show all the pictures comes up with a error. And status updates are slow.
Faster
Es aceptable la app
Every time I try to get on Feb it go back to menu. Please fix it, I have not been on my page for a week.
Severe bug on galaxy s4.. Drains battery and doesnt update via gps or cell tower. Uninstalled till bug fix
Owner of Baby Sandra's Originals
Not sure what's going on. I have no connection nor can i log in. Soooo mad wth fb!
The update was so big it made it impossible to use on my phone. Only updated bc it kept force closing, then when the "update" didn't work I had to uninstall the whole thing. Hope you're happy. I'm not
This app takes upwards of 55 mb, leaving no space on an older phone.
Nice app...
Great way to communicate
After college Facebook help us to see our friends from around world
Facebook is good overall, but today it wouldn't let me upload videos
Mast....
Tamakar

wow
Please fix
Love it
The videos suck no videos play
Why force me to see only what  you want? Sure would be nice to have the old options back. ADD a SEARCH/ SORT function to GROUPS! Oh well there are other ways to get my content. At least there are no video ads yet.
fantastic
Slow
too much mb
Slow, cannot view comments and news feeds do not update. Just the excuse I was looking for to stop wasting time on FB and my phone.
This app doesn't received notifications and we want to go to the Facebook and see notifications. Fix as soon as possible..
I Like It
Cool face book
Its been downloading for 2hrs  and still downloading  this sucks
My videos no longer play on my phone since the new update if i uninstall an reinstall videos work for a few min then quit again please look into this
This app want answer the question about me yep and my papa that the lawnmower
Good
Guys plz have this let me know my friends birthdays on top
Nice bt it work too slow
Everything about it
Friends can no longer join or use thier correct name if they have repeating letters in thier name, ie Jeff Sally Bobbie Betty Perry Terry Morris Berry Bill Jill Shelly. I know you're not stupid, so what up with that?
Please fix.!
OK
this is more good
It's still quite buggy, especially when you click on the likes of a comment and then when you hit the back button it will always go back to the top of the comment list instead of the original comment. So annoying.
The most anticipated app, at least for me,) I've had a lotta smartphones, I've had it installed on all the phones.. great way to stay in touch with, what can I say;) simply love it
Good
Nice app
now encounter news feed can't load problem.used to be the best apps before.please fix it as fast as possible
Like
Too laggy
Shutting down unexpectedly.
the last update is better. fix this plith?
Since the latest update or the before last one, the application becomes too slowly. My mobile can't operate normally and the application itself become too slowly. This application needs a mobile with 1 GB RAM at least. How could you solve that?! Or you're forcing us to buy a new higher specs mobile ?!!!
But I like the new design
I can not upload my pictures or videos: ( please fix!!!!
Bugging
Nomi
Not sure what happened.... my daughter and I were sharing my phone to use the fb app, and today I tried logging out of her account, and it wouldn't let me. So I uninstalled it, and reinstalled... like 5 time now, and it keeps telling me it can't connect with my phone! ?? It was working fine, yesterday, and I would have given a 5 star rating!  Please fix whatever the problem is, so I can continue to keep in touch with my friends and family!
Every good person . And trustworthy Good parent an dad.
Can not log in nor does it load
this is important to me bcoz i can easily talk to my family from other country but now its so hard to get updates from my notifications and i cant open messages.
It is easy to use amazing app i like it so much. Awesome. Dude
FOR evryone hellp for saty face
It poppin or wateva
Its okay could be better
I can't see all my new feeds
Mahlu novel
Thanks
I like it a lot
Loved it
best
Can't view images too slow it loads
Cool
Force closes every time I try to open app now
The new version takes up to much space and has problems. Even with wifi the app does not load posts, pictures, and videos the same...I have not been able to watch a videos since I have downloaded the update. Please, create a new version!
Every single time i try to load a video , i have an error
Interface now is better than old one
Thanks for the update everything works now.
Never put post in order always see post from 2 days ago
worthless use to work great till I updated it
Kokonaing
With the most recent update the app will no longer work. I get an error tgat it can't load my news feed despite having a good connection. It no longer showed my recent activity even though I had it set up to. Have to un install, tried numerous times to install, works the first time then it stops.
Much better now ;)
Love it
I'm not able to tag anyone, only a few names pop up, takes too long to load!
Bad
Other than your phone processor or your internet speed, this app is generally slow. It freezes and force closes almost everytime but if you're lucky, it will operate smoothly for about an hour. And please lessen the ads. There are so many that I cant keep in touch with my friends' posts and updates anymore, especially important ones. Speed it up as well. Thanks!
Real Fast
I love this app
VINCE&jennay MARTINEZ
I like it.
It's just an awsome thing to have with the pictures and status and pages
Love it <3
Crashes for no reason and pictures take for ever to load. And what's with the news feed? I don't want to see what someone posted on Friday morning when its Sunday just because its "popular". Please stop doing that or give me back the option to choose "most recent".
Pics don't load on feed. I thought the point of an update is to improve?
Face your FB
Cool
Too slow n dosnt work somtimes
Wsgeg
It's Helpful
Excellent , , , ,!
Can't play videos says unknown error. Fix and will give five star rating.
Session expired message while using it
Hi
Look for friends and family

makes me feel better than ever
Nice job guys!
Member
wont let me tag anybody im not friends with.....in groups!
I cant watch videoa anymore n the app  keeps closing on me hate the new update
Takes forever to come up. Need a better update! Facebook your killing me!
Facebook is stupid
Let me give you a hint about it my phone has 195MB of internal memory 115MB used for built in important apps then facebook eats almost 50 MB of my int mem now tell me how im gonna manage my stuff???
Somedays it works fantastic. Other days it doesn't let me like status's or comment. I have to force close it.
Great
Perfect app.
Es lo unico que falla
Why does it it increase to 45mb? I remember it being 20mb. For me this app takes up way to much space
Facebook
Fantasic
Sometime it will stuck when scrool down...
Facebook
1 of most 1ed app
Asli maen banget, kena nggo kumpul karo kanca batir. Tek tambahi bintange kuweh.
I luv it
Why i cannot like the other people posts? "The action attempted has been deemed......" What does that mean? FIX IT, PLEASE
fixe my Facebook i miss my friends
You don't get the current news feed. I keep seeing everything from yesterday. I have uninstalled and i am waiting for FACEBOOK to fix this problem!!
I really love this apps. I do not understand why others are having problems. Maybe they have cheap phone.
It always says that facebook its not responding and it gets u out.....
If I could rate 0 stars I would. This update sucks. Downloaded the new update an facebook couldnt refresh my newsfeed. Reset my phone and same thing. Uninstalled then re installed an now facebook "cant find my network" even tho every other internet related app on my phone works fine.
You need to allow users to add tags for groups, I don't use a computer and trying to help promote businesses on a mobile is totally useless. Start looking at important changes, not your boring ui (which you need to make customisable!)
Love it
Facebook
I always like facebook
Just reset my phone back to the day I st had it and it wont let me download this app and any overs sort it than ill might give you a nover star
Way to slow
bat ang tagal mag loading
I hate the fact that I only install this app when I need to and uninstall when I don't have enough space. Installed for some 16mb. When I watch videos it goes up to 50mb more or less! Urhg!!!! The news feed is bothering me. It has the same news feed from the time I left it! It doesn't load the latest posts that often.
So far so good keep it like this
Nicee
Eating too much ram and storage data..
Its faster
Not happy with this update I've been thinking its my connection and it's the update please fix this very very soon
Use this to d/l all my apps .
Good comments
Chubz
Tawfuk mawhoub
Ti
Mariaamo
Face book
Now it shuts itself off constantly, if it will open at all!! GRR REALLY
Homemaker
Sangat membantu komunikasi saat reladi kita gnti no. Telp dan menemukan teman2 lama ;)
I love it
Well app
Place
Hi
reconnection.
Nigga
Very good
Its alright i dont like the down loading of all my friends on facebook contact onto my phone. And adding pictures to facebook when i never added it. But its still great
I would like t h e feature of highlight and stuff like that to be added again
It dosent work at all
Niceeee i like itt
Beep beep cheeky ninky nonk
Excellente!
Although it's a great social app, it is too intrusive and you give all your privacy rights away. If you don't mind providing your information and privacy that can be used by mal intended individuals to use your information to defraud you and/or others. I'm saying this because they have tried it on me. I had to close my account and reopen a new account with far less information. So beware and be careful of scammers. They will try to mess up your good name abuse you or others.
Could work better n faster
Do not download fast
Bleh
Good
On Lg g2
M
WE WANT THE MOST RECENT OPTION BACK!!!!!
Not working at all. I can't even use my Facebook account anymore.
Screw you Zuckerfail.
Awesome.........
I got a new phone. I downloaded this and it says setting up Facebook and it wont stop. I can't even log in!! Fix it and I'll give a better rating.
Alot of breaks up during running ...
It takes too much space.. Its orignal size 18mb but after instaling it takes 30mb.!!!
Jellybean 4.2.1
I think its goooooooodd
Good
So good
Can't live without it 
The size of the application is getting bigger when till the  memory becomes full.
So fast when your going to download this app...
I'm not liking this at all..taking to long to load and too many errors. .can't get notifications or news feeds...YALL NEED 2 DO BETTER
Good
Top stories is still bull, and now in most recent I don't even get all the stories
!
Not compatible.
Excellent
gud buttt faster then better
We want Most Recent back!
When going on activity log before the last update you could easily bump up anything you had on ie (for sale group) on your phone but now you have to go on the group and scroll down loads of pages to find your items grrrrrrr please fix this as its very time consuming and extremely annoying
Its Nice :)
An application for prime social networking.
I got a headache from using it .. shiiiit
No longer good! Keeps freezing & app is too large! I have to uninstall & reinstall to get it to work!
When I downloaded this it takes up almost 200MB of my memory. It should only be 22-27 MB
I can't even log out. I rarely update cause im afraid of what's next not to work. Totally understand the overall structure of overload.  Will be patient as usually. Other than that. Hmmmm.
Perfect
You cannot change the privacy settings for the photos you upload nor can you delete photos if you upload them
I love Facebook
I love it
This app is reatively small at first.  Then you open it, and like the plague, it immediately starts killing all your data make your phone run like crap.
I just got a new phone LG Optimus L70, wont let me log in or even work when i tried web search it FB wouldn't load. Fix diz Sh#t asap please.  ALSO INSTAGRAM not working.....
Great
I updated it
It a gud apps
With friends & Family
Rasel
I hate updating fb cuz it's always some bull when I do. I can't watch ANY videos now. It keeps saying unknown issue when it worked perfectly fine before the last update!! Ugh!!!!! Get it together!!!!!
Terbaik
Enough said.
Nice app
Worst worst worst update ever....0 star for this.....
Film
Love it
Nice
The app won't even open on my HTC ONE (M8)
Perfect
It's not refreshing my news feed. It's not uploading or anything. A new update would b great soon.
When ever I try to like a photo or post, it says something about the action I'm am doing is deemed abusive or otherwise blocked. Liking a picture is not abusive in any way. If you fix it I will give it 5 stars
*Who doesn't LOVE #FACEBOOK!?!
Rubbish
gaul
Needs to be fixed again!
ainsly
CAN'T LIVE WITHOUT IT
No most recent ??
I hate the app fuck'fuck'fuck'fuck you
All of my apps work fine on wifi except this. I comment on a status and it posts to a completely different one (embarrassing!!) I open an update that someone commented on my status and the comments never load. Half the time pics never load either. Recent update needs fixed asap
Nice 1...
Cool
Place
Can't i see who's online only my close friends I want to see everybody who is online. I can see them when am on the computer but on my phone I can't so fix it
facebook
Cool don't upset you
Ang showww...
Rrr
Myphone  sucessessr it no good;my device is version 2.3.5.my pone can't support this apps that eat big kb.it eat only apps that have 7kb under.
Great
The only good fact about the Facebook Android App is the fast reliable connection in 2.5G signal range and that's very impressive.
Se detiene mucho, no funsiona bien
Its taking to long to load
Give back most recent stories and it takes a very long time to load!!!
Awesome app but one problem it takes forever to load and I have great connection. I would rate 5 if it was faster! Also a new HUD would be nice also! But thanks for the app!
loger
Hard to download
They reverted my review? Sero 7 pro liquidsmooth latest release. Video issues in facebook app that don't occur in any other apps.
I've used the Facebook app since I've had a phone and so far, the recent update needs a lot of work.
es muy sencillo
Excellent and easy to use
Nice app
Rajo jalal
Suck!
obrinen
Cool App
great,,,,!!
Crap is in this I love it
Its alright but my video is not working may I please fix this I cannot play my videos
:-);-)¡ï¡ú
After the last update it stinks. Slow to load. Also please make most current the default page that opens.
Slow. Delayed. Failure to deliver.  Please fix!
Needs to have a reply to comments option
Insufficient storage and I have nothing on my phone! Fix this and 23.35mb for this app?! That's a goddamn paper weight on my phone! Fix and compress the file size I don't want almost 30mb on in my phone if it's just Facebook your development team is incompetent fire them and re hire a team that knows wtf they are doing
When I update it, Facebook will not allow me to upload photos or videos of any kind from my phone. Since its a 3rd party app my phone carrier can't fix it. When I take the updates away I have the old Facebook where you can't edit posts, post photos in comments, tag or untag, stop notifications. The update is useless if I can't upload anything.
Why was my Rating at5 stars. And I had not rated Facebook ever
Can't select most recent stories. Reverting back to od version.
Good
Move that dope
It starts up, it updates...  and. Then it freezes.  Fix this! !!!!
Nice
The best
Nice..
Glitchy
Great
It crashed and keeps downloading.
Just upgraded my phone and now i cannot open Facebook. I cannot use the Facebook app, the Facebook messenger app, or access Facebook from any of my mobile's web browsers. The issue is only with my new LG L70. Please fix and you'll get your 5star rating back.
Il
I would like it if I could also download the pics and videos that I see on Facebook.
Great
Princess
Last couple of updates have made the app unusable. Way too many bugs that make buttons not work
Overrated.
Let see
There's no option for most recent. Today I'm looking at things that happened three day's ago. Other than that everything works great.
Lovely

Facebook
I like this app
Still having problems since june's update.   Constant freezing, crashing,  refusing to load images,  deletes posts or refuses to post them, and doesn't give me notifications anymore.  How can you mess up something that was working fine this bad!?!? I hope the next update comes soon because the app that I used many times a day is now worthless to me.
I gave a tablet and I can't download it wtf really and change the theme please its hard to navigate when sliding through to see people u know
Nice
Facebook
Phenomenon for earth
Good
I have 5 friends. And it tells me Goal: add 8 more..where am I going to find 8 more friends
Cant believe technology!
It doesn't put my most recent posts first. .. I've set it but nothing
I just loved the upgrade :-) Its fast and very reliable :-)
Can't display recent news like web version.   Just shows random news from the last few days.
I can't play videos for some reason! It's a bug! Please fix it! Htc one m8
Love this Facebook application all the other fancy ones don't make any sense and way to complicated
Fun for sure
:)
Love
Good...
K?
Brilliant no problems
But a bit laggy at some places otherwise the app is awesome ! And also wastes much of the space :/ solve this problem and i ll rate five stars
Dont work
Unlike the iPhone version, this doesn't have a reply option for pages comments. Please provide the reply option in the comments section. So that we can reply to specific comment.  Please do something with the privacy setting options. In iphone when you post a status you can select friend names to hide your posts from them. In android the options only says custom without any provision where we can select friend names to hide the post from them. Iphone fb App is way better. Please do something about this  tnx
It's great...
I can't post to my friends wall from phone.
Olll
Im looking thru pix that were recently uploaded, & facebook freezes up in the middle of me doing that. (twice) PLZ FIX THIS BUG!!!!!!!!!!!
I love you facebook
Y
I downloaded this app and it crashes b4 I've even had the chance to sign in and use it
Would be great with a doodle status feature for phones and have it save as a picture status
My fave
Facebook
Baik
Total waste of space in my phone's memory !!!  I can't even delete my account now or after I'm dead. An infringement on my rights to privacy.
Loved it
loading sucks have to restart phone to get updates on facebook! NOT HAPPY!
cant watch videos on my news feed and photos take ages to load if at all, and its doing my nut in!! sort it asap!
Love it
Idk wtf but my husband watches videos all day from Facebook on his phone and i cant. I always update and all that jazz. Oh and we have the same phone...
app always closes out! never stay open for long! the most recent things dont show , it only shows top stories and when i got to most recent other old stories from previous days appear!
Show error 24
Due to always updating and Facebook changing, it keeps jamming
Happy
I think they finally got it right!
Exealent
Videos aren't playing properly...v annoying
Video dosnt play had to uninstal and reinstall to view vdo....unhappy fix the bugs!
Negi
You can do what ever you want and download pictures it is fun my sister and me have Facebook you can go the serch a d find a picture that you want or what ever. You want to serch for like if you take a picture you can send it to your boyfriend.
Yesterday it ask me to uninstalled and reinstalled !!! Really this is the worse !!!!
Yap...
Love it!
Facebook is so useful..
Not supporting video when rotate the screen. Improve it plz
Kyocera Torque
I love Fb
Lousy update. App crashes with every use. Constantly freezes up, and takes forever to load. I wish I could remove update, instead of leaving facebook. This is what it took me to leave facebook. Too bad no one there will ever care.
Since all the updates I don't get notifications or sound like I used to, I have to keep going onto app n checking to see if got notifications
Hi facebook is a new friend
M A SAMADU _29)_7_14
Would be better if it allowed me to switch from "top stories"  to most recent. .. HEY FACEBOOK!!!!!! NOBODY WANTS TOP STORIES!!!!!
Mast h yr
Message service
Sucks. Images don't load neither do videos.
I can't even get into my facebook since the new update. It won't let ne log in says log in failed ck connection. It is not my data connection. New update sucks plz fix.
Much Faster
Every time I try to upload a video it keeps resetting the "processing video" bar and everyone I get on Facebook it closes by itself, it's really irritating
tired of so many changes
Hell yeah
I can't load Facebook with my 4g.  Only when I'm connected to a WiFi account.  Its been almost a week like this.
Os is yer
¤¢r¤Î¤Õu lite to manger
Its was fine until the updates kept coming in and made larger bugs, now my newsfeed work for a few days, then wont upload for a few days........my newsfeed has not updated since friday and here it is monday...Please fix it
T
I have sony xperia Z2 but when i play videos on Facebook it stops after a few seconds and says an unknown error has occurred... How can i fix this?????
SherwooDesign
I use to love fb but its gotten to where it completely sucks. I haven't been able to get on it at all today. Every time I click on it, it exits right out of it
3 days and I can't login come on Facebook what is the point to have a account if I can't use it........
The one thing that bugs me, is that the profile pictures don't load, no matter how long I give it a chance to load. Galaxy S3 user. On a side note, the profile pictures load just fine on my Galaxy S3 mini.
Luzuki
I jist ttied updating it to see of thts the problem but this app will not load no matter why i do...please fix :*(
Love it
Terrible update.
social web
Since ua recent update, icould not, so i uninstalled and tried to reinstall the new updated version but it keeps tellinng me an error 498 has occurred. Its now almost 2 weeks and i have been trying daily with the same answer.I have been forced to use opera mini version to keep intouch with my friends. PLEASE DO SOMETHING EVEN DOWNDATING TO THE EARLIER VERSION!!! .I GIVE U A SINGLE *.
Esta muy bueno
More faster and more coll app
Sweet
My Facebook Friends have recently been sending me these weird  Facebook messages that are advertising free stuff and busines ventures please help and inform.
Keeps me updated on my family and friends with no problems.
This current version has screwed up both those capabilities; clicking on a notification to see a post has only 50% chance of letting me get back to the list of notifications, and "Most Recent" keeps throwing in random posts from 5 days ago, and not because they've been commented on. These used to work. (On a 2013 Nexus 5)
Load takes forever!
Hate having to use messenger, prefer inbox.. Just takes up more space on the fone :'( rubbish layout.. Very messy
Hi  Its nice to chat wirh family and friends. FACEBOOK needs sticker guidelines
:-)
Lelet bangeet
Y

Since the update it will not load at all.  I'm using chrome to go to Facebook. Change it back. This is crap.
Lovely
As I open the app it closes right out. Fix asap!
Great
I search my mails in there
Just got my phone, got an update soon after. It sucks!! If you click on a picture, there is no way to get back to your news feed.  Same goes with messages. Please fix this ASAP! !
Too slow X-(
I DONT WANT TOP STORIES
Thank you Mark for creating Facebook.
Armenia has occupied 20% territory of Azerbaijan.Karabagh is under Armenian's invasion.WHERE IS JUSTICE?????????
Gt 1500
Don't like how it goes threw all my stuff to download !!

500,000,000 downloads..... If they charged .25 cents, they would have made 125 million....right?
Love it
im the next
Superb
terrible since update, malicious use of data and ram, causes severe battery drain. now videos wont play, clicking one causes the app to force close
I like it..
Good program
Incredible
Sucks!
Awesome
Good but don't update it..lots of errors coming out..annoying really
Samsung Galaxy note2
Most of us have to or need to use this app but its functionality, reliability and customer support can only be described as 'Poor'. It (now) uses 120MB of memory mostly for intrusive ad's. How much more space do you want???
Crashes quite a lot.
Every time I login, the screen says it's loading my Facebook page. After about ten seconds of that it then goes back to my home page on my tablet. Please fix this soon!
Like it
Please decrease size of app facebook your 16 mb version was great than it .. please decrease size
Abbasi
On a dayly bases have to uninstall n restall to watch posted videos
I wish yoy give custom privacy settings for a post in the future update
app of facebook that friendly with me.. easy.. but i can't copy a article or whose a written by other or by my friend
nice app .
Worst app ive seen till now :(
Addicted
Get it I'd you don't have it
I love face book am disabled senior and see my friends & kids and chat with them .. :-)
Facebook
Lakejacoma
App closes on its own constantly. Please fix the problem.
I loved it so much
grt one dis app
It works when u don't have data and WiFi:)
Below average
Husk
Very very slow. Also it takes forever for pictures to load.
Very good
Great
Lovely app
Toolbar tray isn't working when I press if it just glitches up I would have to swipe to go to the other sections
Please fix this I try to post and my screen goes to grey
Catalin
Every time I try, the screen goes gray and then it goes back to my news feed.  Huge flaw.
Face book is good its just some people can hurt others with lies and bad words same with people putting rude pictures on news feed something should done or monitored and removed.
SKYPE MY ID KASHE1222 TO CALL.
Nice n easy
App has now descended into the realms of trash. I'm not interested in "top stories", I want latest feed as my main choice, as do a lot of people probably. App can still let you know you have messages to read, but you need to install the information selling Facebook Messenger, to reply to them..and after installing that, I find my inbox suddenly filled with spam emails..Thanks Facebook. Also, why does this app just get bigger and bigger, with no clear way to clear temporary data, without having to clear all data and re-log in...install it's about 50mb, open it, and it's just shy of 100mb within seconds, and after a few days, it's nearly 150mb...uninstalling and going to use the browser version, for the foreseeable future, until either facebook gets a decent app, or they hire some decent programmers to fix this atrocious app.
Oct
Yass
After the updates the app is going from bad to worst. Now the feeds are not loading properly. Takes ages for photos to load even with excellent net connection
It ut the best
Sounds like Nazi Germany!
Mansuri
I cant change my news feed to most recent posts
Terrence
moinuddinmilon36
Cool
It's tooooo good
After latest update my fb mow decides to crash when im half way looking through my timeline.  Have to exit app and re enter.  Please fix and update asap
Jaadu jaisa
Cant watch the videos anymore
It's very cool and you can post anything you want
<3
Its fast
... just awsome man
I lkie
I like it but it can be a little bit faster
Slow loading!not showing photo!lousy app!hate3!
,.....
Works Good
Way to stay connected
Facebook was once super fast. Not so much now. Please fix as soon as possible!
Loved it
Cool
Nice!
Nice to have it on the mob.
Need attachment while coment to other posts
Goodyman
Nothing new shows up in my news feed. No matter how many times i refresh the app, 2 day old posts are all that show up. None of the pictures and videos load on the app. The app is at its worst. I sure hope it gets fixed and fast.
Good
Mrs Rochelle
4 times I hv to uninstalled and install it again where it quit unexpectedly everytime I tried to upload a video...hate it!!! Its an important video of my lost cat..
Get instant without going online
It takes toooo much space of phone...  Please make a smaller version.
Soooper app....nothing z greater than it
Lovin the updated version
Nice
I can't see images at all
Every time I try to get on the app crashes I uninstall and reinstall it and does the same thing please fix it soon
Ok
Very useful
Forces close everytime I open the app
Should say spouse,girlfriend and boyfriend in the family option
Matha noshto man
Good

For new update 0 stars update is dumb
Ya
Slow sometimes.  Galaxy S3
Works great
Excellent source of communication
Bishvajit. Manik
Thankll
amazing.i love it
It is fine
Awesome
222
Facebook
Best
Thanks again for the use of the application.
Better than the older version of facebook
The photo quality is compromised after uploading it.
Love it
Nice app
I like them to be loveing not judging me what I look like I like pepel for who tha. Are
I keep on touch with family up north and across U.S. .Nice!
It is enough 1 star !
Cool
Awsum
Delightful
Nice
Like
Vadia
Okay
Very good apps we recommended all of you please download this app
Hey i love facebook because i love it
Good app and no bugs at all. My only request is to further improve privacy settings, specifically making sure friends cannot see your likes at all. Overall its a great up, just keep up the good work
Superb...
Love it !!!
This is crushing the facebook network. Poor app. This app freezes and crashes and is so slow to load anything. Please fix. 2.5 million people are unhappy so far.  Fix it!!
Luv it
Love it
Love facebook
Yo
App is awesome
Its good
Very bad nd very slowly character in this APK
This app needs major improving!! I can not select, tag, preview or add photos to my timeline. Its always freezing, going white screen on me or force closing. Tumbler and twitter NEVER give me this problem. I have sent numerous fb reports and you guys keep giving us updates yet no improvement? We're all better off using FB on a desktop or just using another social platform all together.
Its a little slow...
One click to to open a photo. Double tap to like a photo, another double tap to unlike.
Facebook
M.D. kaisqh
Nice app.
Awesome.
Totally dispointed wit this solfware keep loading then when i uninstall n install back it stuck at 93% wth is going wit this solfware
awesome
Loving
Samsung galaxy grand duos..
Love it
Wonderful in providing app at all time
It messes up and doesnt let me like things.
hola!!!
Nice App.. Easy updates
d.c.khandelwal
Great app. Just little slow
Ended up uninstalling with the hopes a reinstall will get it back into shape.
It worked good for some days. Afterwards it is not even getting installed. I am getting error -24. What is the remedy???
A heart touching app
Hi please update your mobile it's very good
Ram
Cant even install
App crashes when try to watch any videos shared or posted...please fix it...I use Micromax Canvas Magnus A117
Facebook
It seems like they just released it to say oh we have an app too. We'll so does twitter tumblr and everything else I feel like they should go above and beyond, give the people something they've never seen before.
Its very slow n when it for installing its starts downloading again so please improve it
This update is totally waste.previous was gud compare to this.
Recently when I try to watch videos people have posted of themselves I just get an error. It states the requested page cannot be found. Other than that the app is pretty good.
Please make a new update
Ok looorrrrhhh...
^@@^
Music is my passion
install it
Not bad but.............
Loved it
Best
Jannat
Like
Never had a problem with facebook until now its not letting me access it at all
I have been trying to get on facebook for some time now. An as you can see by many different accts i havent been able to log in or recover any of them. Aggivating.
Parvaledu
nce
Do it until the thing getting worse .
But want some improvement for smooth browsing & More speed.
I like very much and very good
Why do u need access to my txt messages so a friend txts me with a personal matter and u can read it I think not outrageous I will not be updating unless this is removed beware that if you update or download your giving permission to have your txt mgs read update at to download now crashes n sticks not great
Super
Awsome app!
Pic
No issues. Sometimes trying to get full functionality is difficult, but good for an app.
This App ain't bad but please fix the message column because after i used it for a couple a of days it stopped allowing me to send and see messages because it wanted me to download messenger but i don't want to. So fix that and I'll give you a 5* Star
Nice app
60614715
I hate the new update!  I can't watch any videos on facebook since it updated and now my screen goes all white at random times. Im about to uninstall Facebook for good and just use instagram
Wari
It take forever to download
Our frnds stays in touch  .......


Awesome app
Stop updating the app without testing it we're not your guinea pigs
NICE.JESUS BLESS YOU.AMEN...

New update. Usually have this on a 4 star but new update freezes the app all the time. I have a galaxy s4.
Best way to friendship
Although its distracting this app is the best
None of the pictures show up,  I can't even use this app
Mbayaaaaa
Superbb!
To complicated. Keeps giving me Internet errors.. never happened before.
Good nice
Ok
Works great on the new S5
Bagus
Nice thing fb
Love it get a update fast it so slow
Why every fb app is always ocupyes tooooo much space ........its occupying 89 mb of my internal storage...
Good
Omg
Someone mentioned wanting the most recent in news feeds back. I have to agree! And having to see ads every other status is ridiculous! Fb used to be a lot less complicated but I still enjoy having it on my phone. Take the good with the bad I guess.... Thank you
Super
Okk
Constantly freezes up. Shows status updates from 5 days ago instead of new ones first. Won't let me see notifications I know I have. And it keeps saying I have s new message but when I look nothing is there. Hopefully this "update" gets fixed.
No comments
Hard to download
Linu kurian
R.k
It's ok
Awesome
Nice
d apps vry nice ,i like it

Facebook its my favourite very good very nice very good i luv   f b...
The best
La aplicaci¨®n se friza a menudo y tengo que  apagar y prender mi tableta.
Thebes network..
Getting tired of always seeing Facebook session expired after I've already signed in & am on fb. You guys really need to fix all these bugs & issues with fb!!
I also cant install this application.i need to this apllication
Sucks.
Since the ui was changed it has becomed worst.
Love it
It is good app and save the lots of time but it hangs the phone so much..so I'll give 4 stars only. .
Good
I loved it
Nw its fun
Make this app moveable otherwise everybody will stop using thing app and find alternative app -_-
I like it....
It is very nice n good aap. We can also share our pics n videos with others.but need to scure profile,.....by anyone
NICE & VERY FAST APP
Too good
Ya Guys Got to Download Diz App Its The Best I Love Fb<3 (: Nd With This App Even Better(:
I hope more improvement
It struck in between
Very slow
Too slow app waste of time
I like it
':24,
Superb
New update freezes and crashes 50% of the time
But it should be like desktop version
Why this happen?..please repair it..ASAP
Why u decide what news we want to see??
The recent rush of updates do not adresss the constant crashing when posting photos with posts. Please stop adding new features until the old ones work properly!
I dont appreciate the social networking concept as much as the average person but when I visit the app now & then, I find it amazing (and sometimes scary) all of the options person has to work with.
gooooood
I love the App. I would be giving them 5 stars if there were some way to get the App to Not Use so much Memory. Otherwise I have Not had any problems with it so far.
u can exples ur self
Facebook .
Best
Cool nd Good app for my android it is faster than ever
Nice
very slow!!
I still can't update my Facebook!!
Why facebook app needs messenger to call   though facebook app has call button???    why dont you remove call icon from facebook if its has to depend on messenger
Works very well
Amat menyeronokkan
i love it yet hate it..it's loads for a very long time..
I was on facebook surfing n posting on my pages all of a sudden my facebook page is disable interupted my typing so im guessing my qustion is what r the chance of facebook being fixed or am i forbidden from using it at all.
It's okay but it could be more fast
Nice app
Consumes so much RAm n battery, now it was crashing so much i uninstalled it n cant reinstall now due to sone error907
NOTHING WANTS TO DOWNLOAD WHY?????
i like the facebook ....
Error code 24???????????????
Amazing :)
Nyc
The most easy way to get on to fb
I'm Loven It
Not good Afer i updated facebook it becomes slow and hanging problem plz fix it ....


watanice facebook
I avoided updating my app for months because I heard the new updates were terrible. I figured I'd take a chance and I wish I hadn't. I have to go out of my way now to search for the most recent posts and everything else is flip-flopped. I think I'll just stick with Facebook on my browser until this is changed.
Most recent stories are in the FEEDS in the 3 horizontal lines to the upper right side of this fucken app
Please put the recent news back into the news feed. Whats the point of viewing posts that were posted 9hours ago....
lovin' this app.
Wrong with it
Groups looks weird.... Its loading very......slow....for every comment need to open the post.....and the post is too opening...... Taking 30 seconds.... And photos loading taking minute....to load.........its too bad....after the update.... Sometimes groups not even opening...... just skipping to the newsfeed......
Good  app for my device
Excellent app
doesnt work right
Facebook sucks
its so cool
The only way to get to "see" my family and friends! No one talks to anyone anymore. Sad but true
Freezes some times but a good app
Can't play any videos without it refreshing my newsfeed every time
Yeah
It is good
Works a lot better than it used to so two thumbs up
Loved it
babylynardales
Not bad
Its always freezing up on me. I can never do everything on the app
But at least allow us to move it to our SD card.The memory keeps increasing and takes a lot of space.Should also allow us to customize our privacy settings with certain people only.Other than that I love this app
It'setting very poor And it faster
App keeps freezing on note 3.
Cool
New update  sucks... It doesn't  allow  to download  the pic's  from newsfeed....
What about a reply button in the comments others have it, and I haven't seen it!!!
2015
All
Would be 5 stars, but for every message I receive two notifications
Not bad
Top app
I am regular user of this portable app. I think this is better , light and fast .. Not bulky like this .. I hope my comment helps some of you :)
im getting tired for everyday update but didnt update anymore.
Best 4 connecting frd
Cool fun nice
Like watching all the videos
It was nice for two weeks. Now ya can't record videos in message nor share videos in message. Also major delays. I'm using a Note3 so no excuses fb.
Very nice app
nic
Great when I can work this fone.lol.
Awesome
Prasanna
its a good app except it takes forever to download
Most use
ADITi agarwal 2006
;-)
Best social application
Its invalid.....
Good for the most part
Good
Suuuuupard
Its goood
Every good
Kamal
I had no problem with this tablet before I got this but then it crashed the first time I went on it! It has crashed numerous times after and it pops up add even when I it's in the back ground           !!!!!!!!?
Good
Religion
nice
I cant play any videos from my fb account.. Pls fix it
I love using facebook especially when i haven't seen my friends for a while and need to be in touch. It helps me connect with people and talk to peeps i haven't seen in forever. But i wish it could be more up tto date and not so slow.
Bibibibibib
App is cul
One of my fav apps.
Super...
Why the hell should Facebook be allowed to read my SMS and MMS??? View contacts in my phone and modify them too? If you install this and approve those permissions you need your head examined! Uninstalling right now until this SERIOUS breach of privacy is sorted!!!!
Superb
Rahul
I like this
Whenever i want to downlode it ...it says that..error..pls pix this stupid problem.nd its takes mach space in phone memory.
1. When you open a link, you are redirected to a browser where you have to log in again. You cant get links for posts you want to share either. 2. You cant upload files other than pictures via messages. You cant download pictures sent to you via messages either. 3. You can't edit profile pics before they are uploaded. 4. There is no "top comments" feature and you can't reply & see replies to comments. 5. No select feature when you want to delete particular messages in chat. 6. No "search messages" feature. EDIT: THE LIKE BUTTON ON CHAT HAS BECOME A NUISANCE. SAVE BUTTON IS USELESS IF YOU CANT USE IT ON ALL KINDS OF POSTS. ANNOYING.
Cites
It better than any facebook app available but I am facing problem with the notification led in my nexus 5. It blinking continuously with the blue led also after seeing the notification. I have to restart my mobile to make the blinking stop. it's irritating.
The best then ever
Sai gorantala12
facebook app it's going from bad to worse can you pls fix it
So bad after update
Plz upgrade so I will give 15 star I have 3 account at Gmail
Not that good
Faster
Blo
Very very nice fb
Good app.exllent connect the people& friends
Boom
Add functionality so users can tag friends in status updates (using @) + ability to tag people in photos
Verrrrry slow! Ugh! 
Good
Hit something while it is loading CRASH! Been typing for too long FORCE CLOSE! Trying to look at an image? NETWORK ERROR! Trying to read messages. Updates From 3 Months Ago!! Whatever happened stop it. Get your tech guys in fast because this does not fly well with or others I know that this EXACT problem happens to.
This Is Very Popular Application...
Its a nice social page to make news and many more but some time some people are really disturbed.
Good samsung s4
Ok
Best apppppppppp
GJ!
No no no good, download to slow
Mangesh
Kamsl
Thank you
but this app will takes many mb
Great app
Really good app
Loved it 
It is very nice
Great
U hate it BC it doesn't treat the users well I tried to change my birthday and it won't let me I reported a disturbing account and it said there was no problem with it thats why I prefer IG BC they do listen more and are more comprehensive
Thanks
Tabllet
I cannot delete or edit comments i make on anything. I also cannot delete comments made on MY page or photos by other people. THIS IS A BIG PROBLEM!! I hate the upload photos feature! I have to scroll through all photos on my phone, newest to oldest (there are thousands of them!) to choose the ones i'd like to upload. That's so time consuming & unnecessary! I would prefer to be able to choose from which album on my phone I'd like to select photos from.
Good
Nice app
GUD
Its an awesome social app
Newsfeed is horrible and you cannot permanently select most recent. Videos don't work at all anymore. I can't even tag anyone in a post anymore! This app has gone massively backwards!! Just change it back, it's awful!!
Good
Loved it
Ram ram and more ram.
U can can keep in contact with freins and familey and meet new people
Hanep
Yo
Can't upload photos.... Otherwise awesome
Always something to laugh at
Facebook has been great in many ways. I do not use it as much anymore.
It is cool app but while doing call  we cannot listen properly in this app
why cant i see other folders messages?
#hatsoff for zukerburg
awesome
Somehow
U
Patel smit
Pls repair becoz i cann't video download
When ever i try to use this, sometimes it will just open and load to a blank screen the suddenly close itself. I know it's not a virus since i do regular scans. Please fix this
J
Just like in Fb we put cmmnt, likes ,share ,etc.  ...                   I think it's good idea put ur cmmnt with ur voice .. Just like whats up voice msg... ............                                               I call a voice cmmnt
Slow to refresh
I like fb its interesting to me.
I Like It
What is wrong with facebook. It will only open in google. I can only post to my timeline. I can not post to any of my friends. It was working fine at 3:00thus morning so what happened.
Hang on app
pidaren
In this social site. The important time of many peoples would be lost . Due to this children were do not study . In other word facebook will not occure to the baby children and specially to student.
I have only 8 gb of internal storage and I get only 3 gb to download other stuffs and facebook consumes 100mb for no use and that to in a sec I want to save memory to have more games so please do fix the problem and niether can i move it to sd storage so please help
Lv it
Woow
I can't scroll because videos now play even when you don't open them it's really annoying when I have to wait 5 minutes just to scroll fix this please
Average
Oo7
For its quality
Ever since the update my phone has been going really slow when I am on Facebook
Good
Facebook
Need to improve speed
Facebook
Fun
A good entertainer in leisure time
Good.
What happened?  I used to be able to record video clips through messenger. And it was clearer than my phone camera. Now its not working??? Please fix.
Cool app
What's going on Facebook?
Verynice
Usefully
Coooollllll!!!!!
good
This is so stupid! (I can also say this of Facebook in general) --- who wants to see random OLD posts, when the point is to see what's currently going on? And what decides which posts are important and which aren't? Whatever/whoever has that job should be fired! I don't want to have to search around to find my recent feed, and then have it not work properly....
Thanks for update :)
Always complaining to retry or login again..!! I hav to reinstall it and hav to install it again and again. Can I have the previous version which is far much better than the new one..!!
good to share news
Can u guys fix that or tips ?????.
Cute
B
my profile
V
Attt
Everyone is right, this is probly the worst app so far, but to fix this: uninstall the app, if the app is part of your phone it will only uninstall the updates, and you will have the first facebook version ;)
Good
Getting better...
Whenever I sign in, I will instantly logged out. Facebook fix this please. Its annoying.
Good
It does what it wants its starting to get on my nerves
Really hate it,  seriously,  im just scrolling down the page and then it suddenly goes back to the top  HOW RUDE
so bad
Mindblowing
christene reyes
I downloaded it and used it on my Moto E.. It really sucked man!! The entire system totally hung and moreover, it slowed down the entire performance of the system. It was curbed only after uninstalling! Engineers, could you please fix this out?! Coz' once Facebook was the only service that offered zero data browsing! We miss it! Kindly fix it!
Something happened to the new update and i can't download images like i used to before?? Fix this please.
It does have lil probs but its a great app other wise
It is very bakvas i cant downlod it
Always get crash can't update those older post.    DISAPPOINTED.. I used to throw my phone feeling frustrated. Fuuck you with feeling. Shitttttt.
Can't send photo in comment....! Fix it please
See detail in chrome side.
I'm not getting any notifications ... Why ??????/?/
Good
Its okay
It won't download ever time it says ubdate invalid please fix this!
Not so good it is a bit slower version it takes a lot of time to open the photos and other.........i have tried 6times to download it but its not.......
Im giving it 3stars becase it hangs some time thats why im not giving it 5stars
Why I can't update it. But I like it.  Help me...
Like Facebook app it says what it does thank u.But need some fixs there's a lot of bugs and hackers so please fixs apps thank you a lot of people use this app and if not fixs I will have to leave facebook
Love it
Love it
Doesn't work on LG Optimus G Pro using data connection!!! why??? Fix it please!!! Even when using wifi always error loading... very bad update
Good :)
Facebook
pic aren't loading please fix it
Brilliant  app
Before the update it worked perfectly, then I updated it and now It won't even work. Like others, I'm uninstalling until there's a rollback on updates
Uses lot of ram.
Lab it
Good for good people
Its sooo nice and im happy for it <3 <3 <3
Dear administration i am Using  lg l-9 p765 I can't view newfeed full size righthand side most of news is missing. problem onlly in andriod facebook only.how can i diagonise this problem
The app itself is 20GB but when it's downloaded it's over 140? That's crap.
great way of sharing your ideas and opinions to others.
Update has made it useless HTC one
it sucks...
for crying peace sake its its ah?!
Its good and free
ayayayy
L
:)
Try 2 get new version please
Eshgham
untuk berkawan  tak salah berkawanz
Very Woww! Fast and reliable :)
Tejkumar  Rejoins Ll  Open From
My tablet
Thanks
Pathetic service
I've been trying to comment on ny friends wall and i can't see it
Good
good
It is okay. :)
Good app to be connected with beloved ones
V g
Nice app
Fix the fuking video they play then fail a quarter of the way and then need to be restarted wtf
Awesome
Great app but sometimes its always log. Please fix it. But i still love it.
nce 1 but hanged many times
Almost all the vids crashes halfway through playing. Please rectify.
Gud...
I love facebook
Nice app. Brilliantly set out, easy to use, love it.
The new Facebook will always suck if they don't get the most recent news feed back
Still have the note 3 and the new update is freezing up. I have to force close and back out of the program multiple times.
That all
It works just fine
Iike any other app , it got its own advantages & disadvantages.. It depends on the beholder
Just found out that in the permissions it is stated that the app can make phone calls without your permission?!
It takes too much memory on my phone -_- ... it's not the only app in the world you know! .. you better optimized it!! And the Virus thingy on this App ... My friends just send videos link ... But they didn't send it ... ...!!
Im reallyyyy tired of goin on FB to see what happened 4hrs-4 days ago..I wanna now what was JUST posted..il make my way to the other stuff on my own time thx! Pls do somethin about the news feed set up..its killin me!
App absolutely sucks sort it out, still don't get all my recent posts....change the Gui...
Good but not great at all
Never had a problem
Ju
Poweful
Best
This version is very bad and very slow:-) and lots of error pls correct and change the errors and update the good version
Please add the possibility to turn off by default the notification about events I attend to
like it
This app is so much better than it was a few years ago.  It was so buggy that I never used it.  Now it's pretty solid and my only real complaint is that you can't edit your own comments from it.  If you have a spelling or autocorrect error you have to log in from the web just to be able to fix it.  Come on Developers, this has to be a fairly easy thing to add...Pretty Please?
Excellent performance
Good
It isn't that bad and it is nice that it is free. However it does have an issue loading things at times and sometimes will just kick you out..as well as it takes up way to much storage.
Excellent
VIJAYMANI
One drawback it getting struck sometimes in between while using
Love the fact I can keep in touch, but do not like it when it freezes up. Please fix
Help with Facebook
I have the sony xperia z 2 and everytime i try to play a video it just closes because there's an unknown error
The newer version doesn't open on my Android phone, and when I tried to sign in my account, it says to check my network and check back later? My network is fine and other apps open, but facebook doesn't,  please!!!! Fix it!!! I can't stand it I need to check my friends stats on my phone thanks!!
T
It's so good it's addicting I love Facebook
Bring back the most recent button or you're staying at a one star application
Very nice
Am trying to download it yooh it taking all my airtime and datas at the sametime and it never installed and bcoz I i want it, i hv to reinstall again pls u must do smthng
Unknown error code 961
Sangli
Chef
Lemot
Its Constantly Closing & Fuckn Crashin Out. Ugh Fix It Please!
Very very good
Can't upload files on chat!
So i try to download but it says error downloading this app
Facebook online has a custom option to change who can see your posts. When will this be availible on the app?
Had to unistall it a lot and still doesn't open plz fix this now it. Is saying that it is 30 somethin mb and to delete stuff to ope wtf
It takes a lot of space. It says 22mb installed size. But when you downloaded it. It takes almost 100mb. Tss
Fix it please :(
Says it uses 22MB, but it bloats up and takes over 100. What is up with the latest update to use so much space?!?
Rishi bhadange
Super
This is fast virson for face book
Nice
Super fb
Gud conpare to history version
Good
Great app
Not cool i think its not downloading
No more blocking or ignoring
Good apps
X
Everytime I install the application it slows down my samsung tab note 2 and the charging time doubled
Best communication
Facebook app autimatically refresh my news feed without my premission. It so annoying cause i have drag it back down to where i was. Please stip this
I like this application so much
very nice app

Better Usefully application
I really love it. Its work so fast to compare than others....
Taking forever to load, if loading at all. Can't tag pictures when trying to upload, just goes to a blank screen when you tap the picture then closes. After a few attempts, facebook "unfortunately stops working."
New name politicalbook
Why is there no responses/replies to these reviews?
A very good app to keep in touch with friends but there one problem that I have. It usually stops for no reason at all but it may be a glitch for the HTC desire c but I would like to address this issue.
It works well enough for android an scarlet
still want the most recent in my wall... please get it back...
I really liked the Facebook app, until this latest update. I hate that I can't set my news feed to most recent. I don't want to see what fb thinks are top stories, especially ones that are hours-days old. The only way to view most recent is to go under where the groups are listed. I'll be using my browser until this is fixed.
Gud
Nice.........
facebook is excellent
Super
Otherwise good, yet battery drains fastly
Best
Nice
Wow
Its like I have found many friends
Good
Whatever they did during the last update makes it lock up and freeze. Can't do anything but exit out and close it out. I am using Chrome browser to check Facebook.  Good grief, Fix it people!
Good amazing
Doesn't open mostly
Best
software
nice app without internet like it
Love it!!!!! FB!!
Awesome
Just fab
The moblie version really needs a search function to use within groups. Also,  access to the "other" folder within messaging.
Nice and fast than older...
Its a worst one... U can't chat directly from application... U nees to use messenger for chat function....!!!
Most recent stories are gone from main view.. you have to access them through a weird panel on the right!
Love it
Excellent app
Nice and good
Error loading news feed
Awesome
App
Whats happening it cant be download its always an error!!!! pls fix this and ill give 5star soon.!
excelent
facebook the place that everybody talks about everybody lmao
Iya
My fb is awful....newsfeed is always old...pics won't load....smh....I have to use my browser for quality! Please fix this soon!!!
Aswesome cool
Good job
Do nice
Wtf happened this last updated has ruined the app whoever designed the new update should be fired a 5 year old could do better then this is there any way to go back to the last design if not (and I think I speak for 99.9% of Facebook users) PLEASE change it back!!!
Excellent
so fast always
Adding the stop notification will be great......
Love it
nice app for people...
Facebook is too slow
its too big & its horrible... if I share something it stops working or freezes

I liked this version but the older one was better
Ok
Facebook
getting better
World
luv it
Continue Your Great Service ;)

With all the bad reviews,  I think you would fix the bugs. Won't load, crashes 9 out of 10 times when I do get on. It uses way to much data which causes everything else on my phone to slow down or freeze up. I have tried to uninstall and reinstall it still won't work. Are you going to fix these problems anytime soon?
i prefer to see most recent updates of friends on my wall..too many updates but there's not much to see
Enfin une version cool !!
News feed dosent updates while im in online and also its dosent responses u should give a great update ya
Khan
Deserve for 1 star. I cant download it. Please fix this and ill gve 5.. Always said.. Cldnt download this app coz of an error 492.
I like it
Very nice. Easy to use.
Now i can't play any videos shared by my friends! Arrgh!
Can't play videos and the pics don't load!! Fix this and I will give you more stars.
I love and like it
I can't  even sign in, it is saying check my network but even when I try to sign in from the web page it won't even bring Facebook up it says their is a problem with Facebook please fix I haven't been on Facebook in two days!!  Please fix this!  
Kariya
Nice lol
Please fix facebook. Its alway s not respnding. Please
Good
can't open to Facebook
I can chat with my friends and communicate to others
But You should add the features like sharing Audio music or mp3
So slow. Makes me sick! Please fix this
Good ..
What happend...oohh
On my sony z2 the video only plays for a few seconds then says there was ab error worked fine on my galaxy s4
Suprbbb
:-)
Change it back to the old update because the new one is pointless very hard to use
Nice to connect friends
Excellent
i find it hard to download the app but when it does i dont have any doubt this app is perfect
hy
Nice
Fair
I like you
Srinivas tegraiddy
Can't access it half of the Time
It. Is very. Nice.
Its awosme
Works fine! But why tv team doesn't integrate this app and messenger into one app. That would be a great thing.
Becoz I cant download it so I hate it.
Scrolling has a liitle bit lag especially on longer posts. Please fix.
Nice app
For  Recovering friends and keeping friends
Nic
Connect you with colleges
Always used for everybody!!!
I cant download it . Whatever just do sth or im gonna post this in internet that facebook's service is totally worst app ever
Fab :*
Fantastic
Facebook
Facebook is good. I can talk to my friends and my family.
Excellent
Ok bru
Convenient way to access FB.  However, drained both the CPU usage and also was a memory hog which slowed the tablet down to the point of being frustrating.  Even when not open!  Turning it off did not help this.  It apparently runs stuff in the background even when off.  I was constantly going to the Task Killer to kill FB.  Ultimately will access through a browser and not this app.  Sorry FB, but the android app failed as a app.
Appliction
Very Good
It works weri slow. My phone is pretty good, but this app is very slow. Make an update fast please!
Good it
Sexy!
CIP
I only see stories from 2-3 days up to a week ago on my news feed. Make Most recent the default news feed setting and it'll be 1000% better.
Incredible app.                    AAMIR ALI
Good
it's taking to much space, could be less space..
So I'm not able to use fb anymore it keeps freezing and kicking me off telling me unfortunately fb has stopped.
It wont let me log in ever since i updated it please fix it!
Top app
Ok
Srikanth
It's hard to open after downloading.its always error upon.....
Megha
Its ok...... Bcz it stucks too much.....!!!!!!
Ever since this new update, Facebook has been keeping my GPS on at all times, which wastes my battery in a matter of hours instead of a day. I'm OK with some location updates, but every second? That's excessive and wasteful.
The new version is not opening in my mobile please fix as soon as possible
Kesn
Excellent
Zameer
Only one
Everything works fine but my videos won't play...fix please
this is good

Love it.
it so much better when updated love it
WHAT HAPPEN
Please help me... when I open it it automatically close . Even though I turned off my phone. Its always been like that.If fix it. I will give 5 stars
Nice but need big space for updates .
Stopped when 87% loaded
This has to be the worst app of all time. Why are all the post I see from yesterday? How about an option for top stories and most recent? Until then I'm using the mobile web which has better features.
Hariomm
Plz uninstall your new updates
But old version is best its not best

Slow

Mohini SOOD
This app suspiciously does not work when using a public WiFi network but works perfectly well when I'm using data. Pardon me if I suspect this is a way of getting people to use more data. Will facebook please fix this issue.
Love staying in contact with family and friends.
Keeps freezing up.. am having to delete then download the app several times a week..
Comments arent displayed by reply but just listed one after another. This makes reading comments total nonsense sometimes. I have to use my PC to get a proper reply layout of comments.
it required lots of memory...:-(
The new interface isn't as clean as before, but it's good enough to serve the purpose
can it get installed back again ... its been 3 days im tryin to install fb bt wheneva i try it says uninstall n try agn ... plz fix this problem asap :(
Really helpful for stay connected wid fb
When I can't play videos on Facebook you'll always get one star. I know it's not my phone and I've never had problems before but this is the second update that does this.
Not bad
With every single update it gets worse and worse. This app crashes more often than any thing I have ever used. It is just absolutely horrible. God I hate this app anymore
Nic
Nice app.
When I said I didnt want to see an app on the suggestion list (I usually scroll through it) and it asked why it just crashed :(
all posts shows "just now" even if it isn't
Better than before
Its a funny qpp its borring
Probably 20 trained monkeys were learned to smash keyboard and this app was made....
Facebook
Keep increasing in size..make my memory full up..
I LOVE THIS APP...
Please get us a option to move app to SD card. It is taking a lot of space in internal storage
The best site i've ever been on.
I cant use it. Everytime i go to use this it lets me i have no network connection
-??!
Its so cool
Love
Ike
The following
Explorer
Keep getting an error message saying download has failed. I've tried 3 times so far. Very frustrating because games that I play are connected to fb. When will this be sorted?
Outstanding......
Cool
Amazing
Please fix this app i will give five star if you fix this
Everything is so slow,  and sometimes I have to leave the app and open it again tonget stuff to load.. it need to be fixed seriously!   (Update) Facebook was working for a little while and now when I open it it just closes. Wtf fix this s*** its not hard!
97586   prachi  tanwani  10%40email
i like facebook
Phenomenon of the world
It's  great!
Super like it...
Very very slow & too big. New update required. Very bad design.
I have been very happy with everything since my last complaint. U did hood. Thank u.
Not at all downloading only coming installing
Gy
Such a nice app
No comment
Can't download it says insufficient memory but I uninstalled all
Cool.
I love it...
Really guys its nice apps becuase its fast to open this apps
What's wrong with this app it keeps saying its my connection is bad and I have 4g speed lte Soto this needs to be fixed asap
I think I will give 6stars
Worse after last update slowed app down.galaxy s
It is ver nice!!!...im very thankful to free call because I can call my father in saudi arabia without payment and its easy....
Its too slow
Transparent for kitkat please
Amazing
Great
;-);-);-);-);-);-);-);-)
It is a good app but the links should open in the app itself ....  Therefore 3 stars someone also said it around 3 months back
I like
Dpt chat ngan kwan
Like this
Please fix this new update I see days old statues and from some people.
To access the facebook, its ok.
No problems at all.
Nice but sometimes not work proper
Connot load more news feed
Sue
Fun
Its too gud
Very good site
Can contact friends and get a lot of news faster
Tanvir ahamed
Don't use App sucks big time can't do anything without it forcing close. Fix it use to actually be usable!!! HORRIBLE
bati
Excellent
Hey! Stop promoting ads about fb messenger on my message box.. this suxx
Sumonkhan
i downloaded it and it was fine and then it told me a better app that is part of facebook would be better... but this app wont uninstall
Joseph
Okay
Good average
Facebook is bessssssssssst app in india it is a great app please download this app
Simple, near lag free tho reading on the timeline gives me a head ache, it always reloads or goes back up -.- please fix it or do something about it. Thanks.
giving it a trial.. hope it peeforms
Bahut khub awesome
Y like this.
Not bad
I love darren hahahahha
I saw fb app in many mobiles with a problem of strucking but not in samsung... great
Hate it! Gosh! What happen in this facebook app? Cant play video! Really sucks! I like the old version! Not this!! Please fix!
*****
This isn't re-installing on my phone, I had to uninstall it because it wouldn't work now it won't re-install again
Nice
It's very slow. My uploads will not be done if it always closes. Please fix .
Keep getting an error message saying download has failed.
Very nice Facebook
Ewan
......Excellent app!..
Plight
I cant see my online friends what the hell.? Fix it plz
Toi rat thich cau hinh nay Tuyet voi
Love it palipas oras
2nd
I m installing d app for d 3rd time ... due to some backup prblm bt i mst say d app is awsm i even cant think of using fb without dis app its jst so fast , easy n u even dont need to login or logout everytym n ur pivacy izz even maintained.... grt one
It's realy a perfect app.
FB sucks. Keeps kickin me out. Keeps freezing. Doesn't show all my friends posts. Doesn't show posts in order, look at posts from two days ago mixed in with current posts.
Works great but my only problem is that it uses so much memory. The app is only 22mb but it takes up 191mb on my phone. Please fix.
It's so annoying :3
Needs to be smoother and faster ...optimised for tablets for better performance itherwise a very good app
Awesome app
Eats too much memory and RAM. we need an update that lessens the consumption of memory please
Hihi
Problem loading images,etc
error loading news feed
Nic hmmmmm
The facebook is not responding and it is  taking a too much time to download
Its nice but some improvements are needed like video downloaded
Hangbobo12
Good
It's have free call ?
Malsha
It make my phone slow when i dont need it but run by itseft
Shabbier shak
(#2) Service not available
I love it
Nice
App
Its good but some time i dnt knw wat hapns to it
Nice app.....;)
Awesome  !!!
App gets closed automatically......
Copy paste not working
23
Very good and fast way to open Facebook and chat with them
It really still uses a lot of memory and we want the most recent back and it is very slow
Good
It auto shut down when I opened it.Do something abt it!
Good
Very nice app simplifies everything
There could be a new from here, this could awesome!!?
Connects each other :)
Not working properly .automatically force close ,  sudden stop responding
Not working
Good
There is no save pic option
This is getting so annoying. Why can't i upload pictures to facebook :< Please fix the bug! Other than that, everything is goooooood.
Facebook
Mary ann
Love it it's easy to upload
Samsung
It's good :')
Cool...

No more words
Enjoying it on My Pocket
This app take too much time to open & very slow
Very better
Super like it...
:
Awsome
Good
Cool
Don't like it
Good work
Mamun moon
Awsme
Very good.
Mi Feisbuk
Nowshehra
Sunny
loved it
Megha
Good........
lluv£¨*@¦Ï@*£© ÍÛ[ÑÛ¾¦]
Excellent
495
Nice it really works fast
Ok
After update i can't stream all video as well, please fix it. Then i have to login everytime i opened it.
Zafira
Days old posts back at the top of my time line, updates on time line not coming up. Very disappointed, new update soon, fix the bugs.
Good app
Good working...
Great app
This download is much better! At least now I have the share button.
Very efficient
Doesn't show full content posts.
Supper
Just amazin <3
Good

Can't be downloaded.. always stop at 93%.. please be professional!
He is Not Working Put My Andriod Is A2.5
Great app
Not bad
Nagesh Chimane
I would like to see pictures and videos in the news feed but none of them load which makes me aggravated. Also, the news in the feed will be arranged differently everytime the page is refreshed. I just want it to always show the most recent post. Im going to try to reinstall this app and hope it helps. If not, I think I'm going to turn to instagram or some other social network app.
pooor ..... it shows that m online even though i had succesfully logged out.
Loving
Saya dh coba logout dan login tp masih juga x berfungsi wlau pun saya telah downlod beberapa dan megemaskini namun ia x memuaskan..tolong perbaiki kerna saya menyukai app ini.
Terima Kasih***
Like most
Nic app
Facebook 400
NBR
Nisar786mohamed

FB U ROCK
Good israel
This fuckin app is bs I got the update and now it won't login at all. They really need to fix that is frikn annoying also a more than a couple of days ago it stopped posting my status
Awesome
Good
Nice
Mughal
Last Update makes the app crash when viewing Newsfeed
gooood
Bhurji
Its OK.......
Hell
i can't download fb
Not as gud as the previous one.
Better
Balle balle
Good app
Easy to use and Wonderful App *-*.
Facebook, Twitter, Messenger. Internet chat
Wow
Love it
Love u
Good
Facebook
The latest update won't let me watch videos one star till u guys fix it
Panget nyo
Grttt
It force close after i opened it.  Soo wth?
Extrmely slow
I have the droid mini so apparently I can't download the app and access it. Ridiculous
its  so not fast its very slow and  it shows me stuff from days ago i dont like it much
It should stop crushing. Fix it
Bell
Privacy settings... I couldnt create a custom privacy setting for a post, so i jumped on my laptop and did it and then on my phone it had the setting then when i created another post with the setting to friends, the custom setting disappeared from the options. The app, Well I dislike the layout of the update, but it works ok... videos not playing on my xperia Z2.
Newsfeed is horrible and you cannot permanently select most recent. Videos don't work at all anymore. Just change it back, it's awful!

Takes lot of time for loading on Xperia sp.
Excellent
To keep friends face book helps
Its is very slow and suck app.........  Please stop updating.
Its amazing
It wont load for me but other than that its good
Awesome!
I have not been able to get on in 4 days! Not through the app or website! My brother has the same phone as I do and I can get on through his. What is going on? Ive tired everything. Anytime I tried to Google the problem if the word Facebook is in it it won't load!! Please fix the problem!!
Enough updates..! Eating away more space day by day ! ;-)  !
112233
After updates it has become toooooo slow...!!!
Ok    Good job
Good but not satisfaction

I love it even i was i sm city cauayan i used it
Nice
Excellent
Nice
Socialize
Good

Cool app
Liked it
Awesome
r
Love,Love,Love
its a little slow every now and the other than itts fine so quiet complaining
I hate this latest update, it doesnt load my latest newsfeeds.... seriously annoying....
Good
Nice app I love this app
Like it
*****
Y does fb app keeps on crashing???? Please fix it asap.
The app doesn't work in my phone please fix it.
But sometimes it create problem nd its very slow after then also when I was using unlimited 3g
Suka
I have alot of fun using facebook
Facebook bnanay walay tu brbaad ho ja Tabah ho ja
we should have a way to delete a comment without having to delete the post
Best
Gud one
Very nice
Just simply GREAT cuz it's better than the previous one
So much worst update! Since last 3 updates i am can't able to download Facebook videos! Poor update!
Brilliant
It is amazing
Dont like the update
ihope it wont hang on my phone ..

need a lot of memory for it useless and slow in motion
This is bulllshit. It always doesn't respond. Ugh somebody fix this.
Some people say that a lot of things are really horrible but they aren't
It's amazing
After every three likes it goes to the top to show new stories and statuses.
Nice app
Hate this version. So slow pics on my feed won't load.. takes forever for anything to load! I really wish I could get my old version back!!!!
really good substitute
Grand
Liked it
Cant play videos, says unknown error occurred. Also when previewing photo to upload it crashes. Fix it please, alot of people having this issue.

it the best app to socalize for now.
Hagvfaayga hi. Jakka herib . thisa. Jakgu fokaa!!!! ..
hope u can fix this sooon... it takes forever to download this app... fix this sooon!!!!!! not happy!
Pranaw singh
Great...
I love this app.
Its ok. Not so fast
Great
It is very important
Amazing
Browse
Nice FBI
Edit: Tried the newrst update and it's even worse! Facebook won't even open half the time, when it does it's very slow. Still can't easily view most recent news feed :-(             Since the latest update I find everything very slow to load and can no longer see posts by most recent. I do not enjoy!
Bagus untuk kita semua...anie opurun atta mu
App will not load current newsfeed or notifications, logged out then logged back in and its giving me a network error message when I have full service! Fix it if you want 4-5 stars
Forget password
Ok
I liked this app
I likewise
Its the best.
Its slow use to be fast n better.
App sucks. Easier to just use my browser. Act like your company is making millions and FIX IT!!!!!
Kyocera hydro
Dnt wrong use plz
Gud
I like it good apps
ely dimaculangan
Jamal uddin
Facebook
This app is veryyy...fine.. ....
War
Awesome!!! Wonderful for people of all walks of life.
signs in automatically....
:-)
Superb
Can't read most recent news any more only what facebook want me to read. Doesn't even deserve one star  Probably go back to using mobile version instead if the app. Can't even watch videos now. I thought updates were supposed to fix things. Not make the app worse.
It has many bugs

Beautiful
Meenakshi
Prasad
Jamal
Its just fabulous app.. ..start download right now.. ..
Please back the older version of this app coz that's much better than this please
Facebook helped to completely destroy my life. Had a beautiful wife and 2 awesome sons, an incredible home and a fantastic career, as well as financial security and very nice cars to boot. Had it all. While I do see my sons a majority of the time, it is mostly because my ex-wife is busy vacationing to all ends of the world. That aside, my home and my financial security and my very nice cars are altogether gone. I now collect SS and am on permanent disability after 2 nervous breakdowns. I owe it all you FB!
best  tapi lembab
Nice app
.always saying FORCE STOP . FIX it  .
K..good
Evry time it tells updating failed.. cant updt it properly. Kindly please pix the problem guyzzz.. hated it!!!!!
Idk . (: facebook sucks
OK
Whenevr I try downloadin it shows sum.error or memory full.. crazy!!!!
It's amazing<3
OK!!!!!!!
Very nice!!
Too slow
Good
It was slow but I see some improvements
Very poor work slowly
Its a good app but it has some problem like startup is too slow
Facebook
Gr8 one love it
When attempting to play videos it stops continuously sometimes 3-5x Everything else can deal with but this is the most annoying. Old format was better.
It keep freezing then closing down on me
Something good not best. Same like desktop version. So, something is better then nothing.
Rates5
I like it
Takes to much memory
Pancht :-P
Good app
Very slow network
Love upload photos
Excellent app... but there isnt any OptiOn fOr videO clips tO dOwnload... u jst Watch them withOut any OptiOn of being download
There should be an option of copy and paste.. There are many important articles posted everyday.. When i don't have time to read it then and there i need to copy it.. But the app doesn't provide that option.. For which, i have to rush to open the web browser and open the website separately..
Good
Gooooooooooood
Chester gg
Having to uninstall than reinstall
Not downlod this
Not downloading
This app is beautifull,keep up the good work guys thanks for this up
Cant Sign In Keeps Saying Connection Error!! I LITERALLY JUST GOT THIS PHONE!! SMFH!!
can't install it
little bit prob. is there...it stops working sometimes ..plzz fix itt...rest itzz perfect....
cool man
Shah faisal
Hi
It's good app..But when I logout it.it can't logout! Please fix it! So I can give you 5 star..
This app is amazing but use more memory than other app
It's kinda slow
Manisha jain
The new update really sucks. Please fix the bugs. Whenever I try to scroll down it really creates some major bug. Fix!!!! It!!!!
Good
Great App
great
Facebook
Nicee
I downloaded it but it is so heavy that Now I am in big trouble.
It won't work it says That it is not an easy one of the day off

love it
Super
I liked it
Does not show recent notifications when received offline until I open the application to see my recent notifications.
Good
Very slow loading
Liked it
Bad
Its ALWAYS FORCE CLOSING I'll be in the middle of something and it will force close its getting rediculous please fix asap and I'll fix My rating
Thanks
It logs out automatically I send someone friend request. What is the use of having it if I can't send requests to my new friends?
I go to sign in to Facebook and it tells me that there is a network error. So I turn off my WiFi and turn my data on, still says the same thing. Apparently it's a security thing according to metro. Fix it and I'll rate 5 stars.
Ok
Sucks donkey dick closes out of app all the time
Facebook nowadays sucks!! Wont load my newsfeed. Please fix
Good
It doesn't work last days.
Slow update, search plz fast way...!
222333
Soooooo goooooooooodddd
Good
c
Melly
Aps
Nil
Good one
Why can't I move it too my SD Card??
It's life.
I'm loving it
Loved this app....
Love it.!
Hi
Can't find a way to make most recent posts show up
I have to try play it like 3 times and still it comes up with a error with the video fml
Needs Friends of Friends posting settings. Needs to Load videos faster. Wont load up sometimes & taking up space. Needs much improvement. The old Facebook look was better. At least have it looking like things could pop out for a cooler design. Glad it has a setting where u can upload videos dough. Fix these things please!!! I want my post settings Friends of Friends back.n faster videos. Hopefully a better creative design. If facebook could be changed to different colors that would even be cool.

downloaded second times this new update  but i can't download this  Y ????
Its good
Urmm
My favourite
What the hell it is. It works very slow. when i log in  in my id it say(facebook application)wait , report, forceclose. Please fix that problum. I cant give even a star. Make a new version and provide it to face book users.
Good
Updating problem. ..not updating new news or posts...speed problem..launching time  too long...
Works.grate
I love it
For the second time i installed  n uninstalled  coz i cant play any video... So please fix it... Thanks
Sansung note 2
How Do I Get My Facebook Albums Out Of My Phone Gallery? My Photos Aren't Even Synced.
best app ever
Thx 4 provide this app...its easy to use...n so fast
Like it!!!!!!
Just installed it. I love the new Flat UI .. It would be better if you can optimize the performance and speed
The only reason people use Facebook for is to talk about other people. I only still have Facebook is to play games that's all. And it spam people all the time.
Kindly give the widget, and download option to download facebook videos..
50 mb memory usage in ideal state after system startup.
Riz riza
I am gonna give you five stars for the previous version! After the recent update, it has become laggy & every time I open it, it doesn't open smoothly. Rather than it always crashes! Fix these please & I am gonna give you hi-five...
I love it

Update again Soon!!!  I cant view any videos at all keeps saying error, getting very frustrated
Contacts won't sync please fix
I love this apps bcos this apps is very best......
Very good apps for me life
Wudeva.
It is excellent way to communicate
Siraaaaaaa aa g
Website and app loading is slow, i can not like posts, will not notify. FIX .
Very late
Zahoorlasi
Thank u..m
I'm ailon but Happy.
its so very mbagal to downlod it. hmp. anebeyen :-|:-|
Seems pretty basic....easy to adapt to...no complaints here sofar!
Ganda
Wonderful social network, when i started facebook world became very small and people are becoming shine well, Thankyou Facebook teams.
All people can useing this software.l also continuous useing this software .have a same problem very slow .please check thanks .monir from Bangladesh.
But this "camera roll" nonsense is so annoying, the extension needs to be removed from Android completely, makes life so much harder when you're gallery is organised and you know where everything is.
Where are the pictures? Disgusting!!
Facebook keeps coming up with new stuff
This is first time I have exceeded my data limit!
Like
It keeps kicking me off,  every so often, I always stay logged in,  but this new update is crap please fix it.
Samsung galaxy tab 2 10.1
Mana1234192
I like
Excellent application!
I just don't know what happened  !!! Please update it :/
Super super gud......
Facebook I give 5*
Plz try
Ever since the last update, my phone has been freezing up and then starts blinking like crazy! I'd have to turn it off just to get it to work again...
i love it
Good

It works great after the update my 5c isn't slow anymore
I don't want you to show me newsfeeds you think are important, let me decide for myself! I want to see the most recent items and decide to read them.
Tom
AWESUM SAUCE!!!
Lovely
The Facebook app makes my phone's battery drain very quickly, please fix that.
It greate
I can't like comment Fix it

Osm h But thoda slow h
Its needs updates in every second day. Its really annoying. Please fix it.
I finally adjusted to and memorised your ever-changing layout. Now the  only issue I find with this app is the video player crashes due to unknown issues/reasons.
Every thing is bad
Excellent
I thought updating would be more better but it became worst! Pls fixed this i love facebook before
Fb is the best
Fb
Ever since the last update i havent been able to watch a single video. Please fix this like asap. Otherwisr ill have to delete. Which sux cause i liked the app before the last update. Its jus super irritating.
12345678
Owes am 2 fast n easy
U Lukoil ll If
It's very funny
I am Harjeet Singh let us know about facebook that then 1st we download then we get 18.05 mb after using this facebook then show for 43.35 mb this is not good. This app getting lot of phone memory and hanged it after some time
Ok
When I click the video it loads and loads and loads for like 3 minutes or whatever and then when it finally starts it pauses and loads again , and I have to press play to play it . it just takes really long to watch a 15 second video.
It's good for connecting with old friends
This is better.
The new update sucks, it's ALWAYS CLOSING ON ITS OWN and say Facebook is not responding, then it closes... I'M UNINSTALLING, TO GO BACK TO THE OTHER VERSION PLEASE FIX EXPEDITIOUSLY!!!
Best facebook
I
Everytime I want to look at a photo, the screen just turns back. And when I try to go past a video it freezes my whole ENTIRE page. Then when I want to view a video, it takes a long time to load. Please fix these issues please. Then 5 stars.
Its consuming more data
Love
I like it
I dont enjoy it as expected.
Facebook
Love u facebook
Sometimes it's become hang
This app is good but plz fix bugs   it  failed to  load images i reinstalled  it  but  again facing   errors
Nice
But a bit  slmmow
Its a significant improvement from before. But I would like faster loading. I'm looking for a more PC experience on my slate.
Love it!!
Zaroorate...
PAPA RICHIE
very nice app
Nice
Easy way to keep up with  friends and what's going on.
Love to surf this social network

i luv it
Yoyoyo
Slow and doest have all features
Mean!!
I need this rated please?
I love it is so scary cool
I have 100 load swag
Works just fine
Awesome
Boooooo
Plz mix my problem.. Everytime i open ds app it is always asking to force close...
LoVe iT! <:^),
Love
Love it
Every Time I Try & Upload A Video It Doesn't Upload & Facebook Won't Open It's Like It's Force Closing & I Have To Uninstall & Re Install Just To Go Back On & Not Upload Videos...FIX PLEASE
Hsngs aa lot
Good app for me
Whenever o tried to download it, downloading failed with an error at 99%. What the hell!! It's been happening for last 4 days!
Once again I installed
Really love this app so efficient for every day
like when it shows new stories after available some old post are appears
I need my info in chronological order. I don't care about something from 2 days ago. It's no longer important to me.
Before recent update it was alright now I have to restart my ph to get it to go constantly getting error loading news feed sort it out.
Tirupati
Ok app
Verry iemportant websiet in mobaiel
Application
Good
face book
Exellant
Always could be better but I  use it no matter what
It's not letting me play the videos on fb. I WANT TO BE ABLE TO PLAY THE VIDEOS ON FACEBOOK!!!!!!!!!
... soon to be me
Good.
Every since I updated the app it takes forever to load and it stops so I have to force close on the app.
Does what it's supposed to
It wont let me log in not even in the browser it wont load...weird and estressing -.- fix this please!
j
Nice
Nice loved it
hi fb
Indore
Update
Nice app need to more update and need to fix bugs ram consuming app
It takes up too much room for what little it does.
Like it
NICE COMUNICATION
good app
what's the problem????FIX IT!!!!
Lazy app develop it again
Nice
Will not sync
Hi guys since i did the new update on my galaxy S2 i cant view any pics
It awesome
I'm on a clean nexus 5 and this app now stutters and hangs nonstop. Used to be just fine. What the hell are you guys doing to this app? Sucks now.
This app keeps on crashing, it gives me old news feed, and i'm seriously wondering why i ever downloaded it in the first place... the only saving grace for facebook mobile is that i like to keep in contact with my friends and family through it...
Sucks I can't even see any videos needs a better update
Best
Nic V jic
All these recent updates are making fb even worse! Everytime i open the app it shows me statuses that are days even weeks old! And i can't set it to automatically show only recent statuses, i have to go to the 'more' button and go to recent feeds everytime. If this can be fixed thatd be greatly appreciated 
It is easy to use
It will not download keeps saying error please fix it
Good(y)
I download it because it's searching facility is improved
love it
Awesome
Ali
The app should basically be a catalog of hyperlinks, but to no surprise, each update it gets worse and more useless
Anandha varman
News feed showing older news instead of current postings
Takes forever to load
Best in the world
Crap app. Does not synchronised properly. Shame
THIS HOW I TALK TO MY HOES I LOVE IT
Chido
Mmg bgus
TAKE 171: I have had the Samsung Galaxy S1, S2 and now the S5. This app has had so many little problems over all these phones. The latest problem is I have to force stop the app each time I open it so everything updates. Hire a kid who knows how to design an app cause this team you have doesn't keep up with the latest technology.
Facebook com
This application make easier way
Naseerali
Facebook
Just upgraded my phone and now i cannot open Facebook. I cannot use the Facebook app, the Facebook messenger app, or access Facebook from any of my mobile's web browsers. The issue is only with my new LG L70. Please fix and you'll get your 5star rating back.
I love this app so much I could never stop using it.
No complaints downloaded upgrades seen no difference ....
Worstest app in entire Playstore..
I dont get how it says free and then you have to pay for later
Ohh sumtimes mi phone will reboot write w its getting to install like wtf
This is just an okay app.. Very slow sometimes
Always lag. Lol
but video development is low quality
Fab app
d best
As I am scrolling through the news feed it will reset me all the way back to the top. Also the android widget has stopped refreshing. It has been stuck on the same post for  3 weeks. Please fix.
Love facebook so much
Awesome app
Immediate new update is needed
Best
Cool
excellent.
Suddenly disappear from the hp n reinstall still same problem and getting more worst after everytime new upgarde and keep on saying invalid and error to install
Loveu all guys
Outdated newsfeed. The memory is too much. The app hangs. Hard to swipe up and down. Exits on its own.Pls fix all the features of the app.
Chan
Good
Cool!!!!
Lora
If used in r8 manner..den its quite useful!!
Awesome???
In messaging ,at the right side portion, setting dont work.why if you dont installed facebook messenger,you cant make a call.please fix this.i already installed facebook messenger,but the problem is when i open the message at facebook,message dont open.very bad.please fix.why we need to installed both facebook,and facebook messenger to avail free call,so bad.i will give 4 or 5 stars if you fix this
Please fix asap. Updated version takes ages to load newsfeed and can't view photos. I liked the older version better.
Why is there no unfollow post option, it brings me notifications of people's posts i commented on when i don't even want them any more. Please put an unfollow post option in this app

Lazy app develop it again
fecebook get stuck frequently and loding new post is very slow..
Outdated newsfeed. The memory is too much. The app hangs. Hard to swipe up and down. Pls fix all the features of the app.
BeDaaa
Continuously eating ram even after turning off all the notifications no option to turn it off...! Service is running all the time taking 20 30 mb ram! After update app performance is acceptable but still not smooth there are ui hickup.
Can't watch video since the new update!!!
its k
Where's the "reply" option on comments?!?
why can't download! 22.38 MB !
Shanu jaiswal
Super like it
It's fine just sometimes it just crashes out of nowhere
So difficult to install Facebook ,WHY?
Don't update if you haven't done yet! Ever since I updated to a newer version it has caused a lot of problems!!  I can no longer watch any videos and it crashes all the time and also causes other apps on my phone to crash due to a high usage of memory by fb. I tried to uninstall and reinstall in many occasions but no any better... Actually my phone works better now without fb installed.... So irritating! Please fix this as 'updating' is suppose to improve and make it more enjoyable to use...not the opposite
People need to stop bragging ....its your phone that is slow you have so many apps....

Whats wrong i waited more than 3 update but still cant watch or open video using mobile dataon my  z1 4.4.4.. Please fix it!!!  Thank you!
Is a great app
Dab
More like a down grade!!!! The old app was almost perfect, it didn't freeze or crash all the time and was easy to use. I updated and now I can't use Facebook on my phone. It will say it isn't responding and force close, or it won't let me log in. I can't believe nothing has been done to fix it yet... I read the other reviews and 85% of people who updated HATE it. Facebook will become a thing of the past if something isn't done soon.... disappointing.
Won't let me make an account and it keep saying soething about cookies what do u want! Me to feed it g wiz!!!
Facebook
Needs the ability to save pics or something
It getting slow
I love this add  
Jrode
Tidak ada yg menarik
Nice,can be frnd always
Its always stop..it annoying.. its always not responding..
Update failed
ahead Pakistani
The Facebook app has been having trouble loading my news feed please fix the errors
4 years iam using Facebook and its still excellent.
Most useful app .
The videos will stop playing on my phone and they won't play again until I reboot my phone.
I love it  ..
Facebook
The thumbs up feature replacing the enter button is very irritating.
I love Facebook
Gud 1 budy
I uploaded upgrade and I thought my phone must be crazy. But after reading all the negative comments I see most people have been having trouble with the upgrade... As for my problem I can't see pics... Doesn't matter if ots wifi or mobile internet...please fix asap... Samsung Galaxy I
I love Facebook a whole lot
Images aren't loading.... It's very slow.... Ready to uninstall. Please fix!
Thanks
Thanks to your new update,now i have to remove this app because it takes up alot of my phone memory everytime you update this app even if i move it to my memory card,great!!.and yeah it got alot more slower.
Why, for gods sake - why you ask me to use facebook messenger? Stop changing things to a worse ones please!!
whenevr,  i touch on videos that are put up by several ppl, it doesnt play, but get stuck fr a moment and take me 2 home screen. 
The more you update and change the more it sucks. What is the purpose to fbook app having complete access to EVERYTHING in my phone? GHETTO Had my first fbook when no one knew it existed...I had 3 friends for the first 2 years! Gets worse over time with peoples privacy unprotected.  You suck
Hard to get in
this app is the best but can u make it not to bigger size

Very best application
I love itita
Facebook
016901961
Contents do not load..
Facebook lovors
Good
It won't let me long in .,,,so please fix
Do u guys worry about one star voting...it has got so many bugs. It cannot b connected to other apps.. phone gets hang all day saying facebook is not responding......
Facebook always need to be install.
good, it's fast loading.... you make what u want..
Le dar¨ªa cinco estrellas pero consume demasiado espacio y bater¨ªa. No estar¨ªa nada mal si mejoran eso.
Auto exit and can't even open the app
I love this app :)
Fhfffyyu
Great app
Still love it
Mahsum
The more it gets update the more it get worst!!
Love every 1
I got a problem that when I opened Facebook for awhile, it would close automatically and it always irritates me. Hope you can fix it
Great performance but still wish that there was a way to be able to save pictures
Have a brand new upgraded phone and FB only works if I use wifi? Ridiculous.
This app works great on my asus mini :-)
Nice
Cant even see comments in posts.  Find myself often using browser instead of app due to limitations on posting (looses everything) and edit,!   Sad.  last version had great "share" options (group, page, wall) but had bugs in no attachments to posts so you wondered what someone was talking about.  This update fixes the attachment problem but removes sharing choices!!  Back to needing to go to computer to post!  Frustrating!!! NOW my phone copy kLG) of this app wont let me post new, pnly lets me reply! Groan!
Nizzzzzz
When i try to post anything, it completely kicks me off of the app... This is getting annoying!
Nice
I use it off and on to keep in touch with friends and family.
Camera an vidio
I cant put caption for all the pics i will add for an album..pls fix..
Please fix it when it does work I can keep in touch with my family and friends please fix it so I can talk to them
U ppl need this app
I have problems with playing videos it says error occurred while playing after 10 seconds???  Plzz fix
Very Nice Communication
Desmond is great
I like Facebook but Facebook isn't good work always FORCE CLOSE ..
easy ot use
Lalalalaa
It takes too much time for download start and completion of download it dosent intall on my device it disappear without giving any notice or error... please fix this
Nice and good
I just love the boook and the new update
I love this app!!!
Good
Why would u get ride of the "liked pages " button on our profiles. I can't find anyway to access them. Please put the function back
Excelleny100%
919
The app is good..
good app
Smoother and faster! Hope to see a future "material design" UI update the soonest?
These new updates are making Facebook and my droid RAZR maxx  hd slower and slower. My old school android 2.1 has one of the original facebook apps and its 10xeasier, convenient, simple and a lot faster! Eliminate all of your NSA software and maybe Facebook Wont suck so much anymore! You guys also need to design an option to completely block any incoming requests for games! Do these few things and I believe people will enjoy Facebook much more and use it more frequently!
I prefer to set my newsfeed on most recent, but even after I set it to most recent, it keeps getting changed to top stories. I want to set it to most recent and keep it that way.
Ever since this update or whatever happened. I cannot use my Facebook page. I cant refresh my page If it does load. Loyal user about to deactivate.
But it wont let me watch videos, says there is an unknown error?
new option to be saved .....well....options for tagging.....and updates
Ok
Great app
Like iit good or app
It sad that I can't log in to my facebook account and neither from the web. I just upgraded to the galaxy exhibit and now I can't even use no type of social network. I can't log in to facebook, instagram, etc. What is going on?
Pretty good
Ohhhhh
so gud for all network
How are you supposed to retrieve the confirmation number from my message service and get back to the page that asks for it.
Like Like
I updated the app and now it keeps kicking me off please fix this
Mantabb..tapi slow la bila nk view recent news
aWeSoMe app....
Its out of style right now
Good
Display hawa xa yr
Facebook
Nyc
I don't know a single person out there that doesn't like FB!
I love this app (:
Hope thisis the improved one there always an error un updating.
I love it
Super
Mumtaz
Yup:-)  like it
Tried to install it...then after dowload say can't install in default location.....everytime this updates there is a problem...
Supper appp
Good
Works well. No problems so far.
Since the update, I keep getting "Facebook is not responding." And I don't care what do you think are the TOP STORIES, let me have back my Latest Stories. And last thing, I've uninstalled thinking that not reponding problem will be solve, BUT NO. In fact, it tells me that my phone have insufficient storage? What's this? A total GARBAGE! CAN YOU CHANGE YOUR DEVELOPER? IT SEEMS LIKE THEY ARE NOT THINKING AT ALL!!!!
Still not fixed... Won't let me download. FIX IT NOW!!!
It's cool
Last update,theres no problem but when i update it and i open facebook and i scroll down and it crash and i do it and do it again same thing happened fix it
Good to have friends
Infinity & Beyond
app is no good. Just use it on google chrome
Am verry please with this app I always keep in touch with my & friends  and others
Network
This is not nice
As you have already read that the others can't seem to download the new Facebook app, because they don't have enough storage on their devices. Clear some of your storage if you got an android device, tap on the filler icon and see what needs to be deleted.
They changed it back into the normal size
Keeps crashing and glitching! Idk how many times I click on the app and it's like my screen isn't working. Won't let me scroll or do anything! I've uninstalled and installed again and again. I go to put my widget back on my home screen and fb pops up randomly and I didn't even touch it. PLEASE FIX!!!!
Always freezes up!
great one
Cool good app
Cool app
I love facebook
Its cool !
Love to download Facebook
I like the app
great way to connect with  friends
best
Superb
Facebook
Only for lovers chat
Every since the update i cant watch videos at all slow and freezes worst update by far
Best
Nice
Nice
Since the "update", I couldn't post anything and the LIKE option disappeared. Now I can't load/play videos at times and photos don't show on my newsfeed.
Na
News feed does not update, nor does it update correctly. I can't edit the privacy of events that I host! Let me report comments and stuff! Please fix!
... but can you guys let me access to my note, please? Right now I can only see other people's notes. I want to read my own note and edit it once in a while. Please make it available so I don't have to go on the computer to access to it. Thank you.
Get a better device or better service. This app is fine, always has been..
It is awsome the people below me lost all of their password that's why it's not working
Not having any real issues with the latest update EXCEPT for not being able to share things to my Page anymore. There used to be an option to share to my wall, friends wall, group AND Page but the Page option has disappeared. Please fix.
When is this going to be updated? I keep getting old missed messages becouse of it
GARBAGE!!! Slooowww. NEVER loads, can't view pics, don't get any notifications or messages. Really fb? Bout to go back to MySpace!
:-C
I love using fb. A lot of haters but hey, wheneva there's too much gossip, its drama.
Its pretty good too me
Love it daily hourly user of this app
Has to be one of the slowest running apps on my phone since the update
At dad's house
Trying to download it and it won't let me what's going on. .
Awesome I love it
excellent
I'm having trouble because I'm using another computer. I have changed my password so many times until it's not funny. Facebook refuses to acknowledge me. It wants me to friend myself. Fix this and I'll give it a five star. My profile is blank and I'm very upset with Facebook right now. I'm beginning to hate Facebook and I'm not the only one either. I'm who I say I am.
Can not log in to face book either online or into my app! It doesn't load up either, i have a phone i uninstalled/reinstalled it...still nothing!I need to get in for business!
Double posts on comments now and still cannot move the Gigantic app to SD. Also the huge ads are back.
I  love this app cause I can upload my videos to facebook!!! 5 stars from me!!!
I love posting and seeing with my friends have to say and wat they are feeling.
Love it
I love this app very nice
It's a good app. I think it's total BS that you can't check all your messages from the fb app. "Install messenger" it says. Why should we have to install some other sh1+ when this app should already have everything.
This is an app I can't live without keeps me  touch with family.

Description
Nice
Nice
Stop changing everything I will uninstall this app for real change it  back plz
Need some improvements.
Hate latest update, stopped when open notification
Will get a higher rating if you take the syncing off during login! Annoying during signing in!
Gud
nyc aplicatn <3
****Edited 7/2014: Can you guys add the seach function to group post, pretty please :) **** [thanks for adding the below options, you guys are awesome!!! Please add: (add photo to comment on the phone), the option remove ppl from an event and the option to follow /unfollow a post (after you comment)]
This app is pretty bad. Its never worked right for me. Sometimes it will download then sometimes it won't. Sometimes i can look at my newsfeed. Most times it just keeps showing loading....
Love it
Cool
it's a fairly nice app, when it works. my biggest problem is that it's gotten so huge from the updates that I hate having on my phone. for goodness sake move to sd card needs to be added! also, some updates ago all official facebook apps lost notifications except when the app is open, which is when you don't need it. no refresh in messages and claiming connection is lost when it isn't (sometimes after which it just loads for years). I would love an alternative to this app.
Would rate higher but I'm still unable to turn off post notifications
So slow
It's been 6 months now and my videos still will not play. It says "unknown error has occurred" billion dollar company and I can't watch a single video my friends post. I've created space on my phone thinking that's the problem, its not... thumbs down Facebook
Sometimes it become unresponsive. Usually that happens randomly. I'm using art btw
Good but something it freeze but I'm OK with it
nyc
Not worth messing with would delete it but its Installed on my phone
Sound isn't working on the movies I want some sounds to the movies
Facebook
Nice
Awful
Jaspreetkour
I meant this junk won't do nuthing
Best social media..a so great to do ads for your business..
It will not.let me post any emotions tried uninstall and putting it back but still the same
If you want to read a lot of nonsense and lies this app is for you I have no time to waste my eyesite on such trial lies and rubbish
Es una super pagina
INDIA
Awzome
Nothing is present expect ERROR
Since this last update my Facebook has been randomly shutting down. Other than that it works rather well.
I would like to be able to customize my posting from my phone rather than have to get onto my computer to change it and wait while it does. That way i could easily switch from both custom to friends.
Its an okay app i like it . 
Takes up too much space on phone!
Good to use
Its ok
I take an hour and a half waiting for this app to come on but it is only saying error  while downloading please do something about this app
It's very slow apart that when you get notifications from a chat it force closes some facebook.katana thing so needs alot of fixing!!!!!!
Its cool
It keeps on crashing every 10 minutes. You guys really need to fix this and stop making it worse!!!!!!! It's really slow and it sticks!! Won't load pictures now. Please fix these problems.
Update make it slow
The app works, couple small issues is all. Fix the issues and all is good.
The app occupies lots of space and RAM. So it is diffucult to run it on low end devices because they have low internal memory. Kindly create an app with similar features which occupies not more than 20Mb.
Ooooooo
The best social media... globally accepted the #1
nice
143
Its good.
Nonan
2
It is great!
The app is great and all but the time I logged out of Facebook, the app won't let me back into my account. I've been trying to get into my account for 3 days. Please fix
Then when I finally get the app to close, it keeps opening on its own. HATED IT....! DELETED IT
Awesome
N
Greatt
Fy
love it
:) cool
BUT I'M Blocked FOR 30 Days ! 
always error when downloading the update even if i have a lot of space in my xperia neo L
Omg this update is super slow please fixed.. Thank you.
When I click unfollow it still gives me the notifications. It says you wont get them but you still do. It has been doing this with every update. It also takes up way to much data and drains battery. Please fix...
Nefertiti Gourmet Coffee.lnc
President Jso hisar
The best app
Yess I love it.
New update.... when you scrolling Facebook its downloading small movies. Its takes too much data :(
Im really annoyed that it defaults to top rated and not recent.also the size of the actual app has gotten bigger. Thinking about deactivating my account.
Its amazing
It won't let me download it..it keeps saying package file is invalid
Best
When messaging, it is hard finding images you want to send, and all you see is a bunch of pictures and you have to scan each one to find the one instead of going to QuickPic or the Gallery and going into an album and finding the picture easily.
Yin Mon
App keeps freezing and kicking me put also have to uninstall and update every few days to be able to use and and to share things. Fix plz
Facebook  is cool
Good
As with anything on FB, I prefer Most Recent to what FB thinks I should read. I just wish there was a way to set it as the default in the app.
One & Only the best app in social network
Limited news update. Not really getting social....whats the point of installing this lousy app?
Facebook requires too much person info for this app
So, eventually I deleted FaceBook.Then I tried downloading it again to see if it will work,and Guess what? IT DIDNT DOWNLOAD!!!It says Error something,something and its not my phone.But,I'm giving it 3 stars because I LOVE the application.Well before it stopped working of course.I will Rate 5 stars if you fix all this.
This app wont stay open since the new update!! Fix it please???
The App is ok but needs work to catch up to the iOS app which is just much more pleasant to use.
Nice app. I love it......
Little Slow
X mesra pengguna sgt
Good way for me to keep in touch with my family nd friends
Not as much functionality as desktop facebook and i cant see why some of these minor and basic but integral features cant by included, but mostly fantastic!
I think the app is a great way to communicate but todays people are so addicted. There are some slight problems like its not letting me see messages or reply its also not letting me all my notifacations.
Facebook
Omg! It takes like forever to load. Cant even see the images its always loading! Oh please fix it.
Knowing is learning
Great.
You should allow dragging down on the birthday screen to show past birthdays.
Best app ever
Really good but more improvement we see.
I my Android did an update to add Facebook phone and now my phone receives no notifications. Please what can I do to fix this? I am have gone into settings and everything seems the same and fine but I still don't get my phone to tell me when I have a Facebook message. Please and Thank You
Good job for creating this  app"! Two thumbs up!
X mesra pengguna sgt
It goes to crash frequently directly after opening.
Best app
Nice
Ahmed ibrahim
Love it
Amanisameem
Because it requests access to many system files when you try to install the app
thanks cause i wanted to go to the top without tapping new stories
Good
Always using fb is bad thng bt gud thng is dat we can meet our frnds relatives
Aniljat
Lulu
Depends a lot!! I can do anything and it is very slow!!!
:*

Very slow
Decent
It won't let new delete it
I think it should b faster

I hate it
Cool
Takes way to long to download and it takes up wayyyyy to much space! Please fix this
Facebook
Awesome
Very goood
Dose not mess up it's great
The app constantly freezes on me. This is a relatively new development. Even when I'm on Wi-Fi, I still get frequent freezing and it locks my phone up entirely. I have never had this issue before the most recent update. The fact that you can't sort your news feed by Most Recent is ridiculous, and more often than not my status updates don't post at all.
V.good
Sucks
Great
The bes
Nice
It ok but stop letting any thing be on facebook
Tired of Facebook selling my information. Constant requests for GPS locations?!? WTF is wrong with you people? I'm deleting my account.
I don't use Facebook so id like to be able to uninstall this crap.
ilove it
Why are you did'nt reply...    your facebook is automaticaly stop...   you always update but i didnt see an improvement.... please fix it....
Newest update sucks. All feeds are old and keep getting sent to the top.  Have to try to scroll through 30-40 feeds to get to new posts but then in middle of scrolling Facebook locks up stops scrolling and crashes.  Don't download this update!!!!
What happen? I can't use my Facebook messenger.
Great app..
The best
Wtf  ! My facebook is not even opening
its OK.
Kumar
i like that
Recently today my facebook stopped working so i signed out and was a hassle to just sign out and it doesnt let me sign back in said i couldn't sign in, so i thought maybe it was the app and went to the browser face book and it doesnt even load the page! This needs to fixed
Couldn't detect a live data connection if you were standing beside a cell tower. LOCATION PRIVACY SKETCHY AT BEST. App has a nasty habit of showing your location even when permissions are turned off.
This app really sucks!!!
No pictures show up on news feed. If it weren't for messaging I would be deleting this app. Please FIX IT.
Downloads to slow bc of mb
Before i can message directly from this app but recently why i need to install 1st the messenger app? it takes to much space. Please fix!
It's been months since the Z2 was out and there is still no update for the bug for playing videos within this app. Such a big disappointment!
It takes forever to download
As with anything on FB, I prefer Most Recent to what FB thinks I should read. I just wish they was a way to set it as the default in the app.
I like it
Good app
booom panesss
This app is not fast solve this
nehminmer
tong
I can't even comment, when I do, it appears transparent. Notifications are late. Everything needs to be fixed!
Love it
facebook
This app get long space of mobile and doesn't open the app at once.. please fix immediately...
Amazing
Wow it is a beautiful app
Kul bahadur
I love that
dimaa114
good!
It's so awesome

Daebreon
I like
Good
Wonderful!!!
Ruined my life but it was fucking worth it.
This is really good. :)
For some reason today when I tried to use it it just said activity not found and got uninstalled. Now I can't download it.
Very nice
It may be slow but so wat
Feed is a mess; stay too long reading, & it boots you to top of page with "popular" posts rather than a chronological feed a l¨¢ twitter & you lose your place. Hangs frequently and stalls half the time. Too many "suggested" posts. Game requests still come thru even when you request no notifications via app. Memory use is huge and wasteful. Better to use mobile site thru your phone browser. Re-uninstalling until they get their act together.

Kis ne banaya ha yh mujasima
its great!
New interface is better than before.
Ok
Connecting friends
I like the app but how come there's no save picture option in the messages section for the HTC one? It's frustrating! Gahhhhh! :(
An update is meant to IMPROVE something. The latest update SUCKS !! I can't even log into the app which makes it completely pointless. & to top things off the webpage isn't working correctly either. Please fix this issue for a better rating.
Man this suck bevause it alwas frezz
I cannot log into my account on my phone with metro pcs web but if im on wifi its fine...this is very frustrating PLEASE HELP ME!!!
OK...could be better .........
Facebook
Love it !!-
Aseem ohri
good apps i like this really good top apps
Love it
I love this app its awesome :)
There is a problem in uploading pictures... I hope it will be fix. Thanks
Its not downloading
What the Fuck, I am not able to watch the videos, please solve the bug & update it ASAP.
Thanks
Needs work. And to much hacking going on
Update bring slow and freeze to the apps.
Randomly switches on mic to spy
Cant play videos!!!!!!!
Saifulla khan
It sucks stop sending me the tests plz and thx
Facebook fixed my problem
Excellent
Hey
Oromo
Gfr r
All is good
Noriza
Cool
Have tried 3 times to use Facebook on android.  It keeps asking for a password which it does not accept.   I have deleted it 3 times.  Tried again to use it, it says It's installed but it is not in my list of apps.  I give up.
Cool
But when i post a photo i don't see VIA ANDROID so please make this feature in the next update
when i log in i keep getting a single  log in error even after im logged in when i try to open my pokes or notifications i get no network connection even tho im on and have full signal i even get that when im on wifi you need to fix this

Facebook's
I don't know why everyone is saying negative things about this app.It works better than the internet Facebook.Five stars.Great app.
Best way to communicate.
New
...when there is nothing worth watching on television,  Facebook
Doesn't load anymore. Facebook sucks now a days. This was the tipping point; delete account and uninstall.
Worthless piece of crap....playing videos resulting in force close
I did it
good
D.Maina
You need to fix the video issue, I do agree the app is much more better but I love to post and see videos and because of that I hate this app.....I understand we don't pay but I am seriously thinking of going with another social app....
Very slow download. Pls update software
Does not work
Great use for social media
It's good
Sempurna....
Takes up to much space. Its needs to be fixed ASAP!!
Fluid
Keep having problems with it plus it won't let me download our back
Had problem loading events. -_-
Ngam
Getting the hang of it on mobile.
It keeps on force closing whenever I do anything with the new update. It's really annoying, so please fix.
Waste app
It works better.
Its cool
Ak
OK I change my password and now it won't let me login my fb pls change this.  :(
This latest FB update is horrible. It takes forever to refresh. I think I'm better off uninstalling the app all together.
Evry time I try to log in it always tells me to put in a comfirmation code but it doesnt send me a code
I love fb and u will to fb is my fav
Me
Awwwwwwesoooooommeee
Love it
Great
Yes
Don't up date as it starts frizing phone
Loves it
Amazing work
What are ye doing to this app it was great now it's rubbish. The news feed is a disaster. The posts i see are days old. if i set  it to recent they are weeks old. Also if i wanted to follow someone i would you use  twitter. please fix it. it's bad on the laptop worse on my phone.
paka matan
I go to edit activity log like it says and i change it to activity log only not the search, and it continuously keeps showing search history. Only with the new update. I never have a good experience with any of the Facebook updates. There is always something negative.
I dont like how it looks now
Either it won't install or i get it installed and try to open it and it says will not open. Try to reinstall blah blah
What a joke I have tried to many times to log on to Facebook. It never let's me on it. I get texts from them that they are sorry. But I am done.....
I love this :)
The ability to reply to comments instead of creating a new comment every time someone replys to mine. I have to use the browser and use the desktop version in order to reply. This is pathetic
Videos won't play now
Won't download
Facebook up date
Not only will Facebook not send push notifications, but it also messes up my messenger and won't send notifications either. I will receive notifications from all of my other apps except Facebook or messenger. I have to open the app to check my messages or to even check comments or friend requests instead of being notified. Please fix these bugs Facebook!
Good
Haven't been able to get on via app or web for 3 days wtf is the problem. WHEN WILL THIS ISSUE BE FIXED????
Nurjaman
ITS HOW I KNOW MY FAMILY
I love Facebook down load it now!!!!
I used to have a Samsung admire, but since I got this phone 2 weeks ago its been awesome. #5 stars
Dullah Masoud
Lomejor                                          O
Its OK - if you like social media. I've seen friends & relatives get addicted to FB & end up ruining their lives over people they meet on here. I've also seen young mothers neglect their children just to stay on fb all day. I pray for them. As for me, knowing the complications this site can cause, I get on maybe  2x per month ._
What else is there to say?
So good
Very good
Its OK nuf sed but the videos take forever to play
The app freezes multiple time s a day. Have to restart phone every time. HTC one m8
Good application....
Not impressed with facebook, they seem to not care what us as users like. Need to bring recent back.
Bessst
Good
I hope you can put download link in video,,
As usual to many game requests and underpowered
Thanks
One great by which friends and loved ones can keep in touch. I like this app.
Kkk
Since the new update it's very slow to load and use. I can hardly scroll and when I post the characters are about 1 to 2 seconds behind my slow typing. Overall a very bad update
This app takes up lots of space.
Need access to everything!!
When I get on Facebook I try to avoid playing any videos now, some videos I get lucky and it plays all the way through, but other videos it plays about 3 seconds and then the error message comes up. I have to restart the video, pause it as quickly as I can, and then skip the part of the video that the error message comes up at, and then I can finish watching the video......it's annoying and is only getting worse.
Why is it i cant load my news feeds and notifications? It will appear '' error loading news feed" please fix it. soon! I think the old app is much better to use than the new one.
6i
But some times it cant play video says an error occurred
We all love facebook because it's fun to get on nd because we can talk to r friends....
Great
I really like your gogle store  bec. They response quickly. Hoping that you will continue your friendly helpful style. Congrats
So from 22mb on first use. Then 100mb after few days. It really taking up so much space.
It needs to be updated better
Its too much slow. Its too much lagging. Another thing that it is again and again not responding. Why is this happening??? Please fix this problem. That would be very great ful of u. Thanks..
I'm kidding I love it!!
Yes i got my new phone
I like Facebook but now a days I dnt like to use
Was decent, now it's slow as hell.
good
Koo
popular
Good
Internat proble
It doesnt even let me go on. It just says i put in my password in wrong and i tried many times and still doesnt work . Please change this quickly
Need to fix these complaints asap please right now
Cox its too fast
I can't sync contacts (haven't been able to for a long time), but my brother who has the same phone still has linked contacts from Facebook to his phone. How can this be fixed?
not bad....
.always saying FORCE CLOSE . FIX it  .
Focus on the app and less ads. Since you started with this ad crap. I have nothing but problems. Oh, could you please stop repeating the same ads and stories over and over again. To much b.s
Awwesoommee
Josefernandez2811
Gods my heart
I cant view anything but my profile and the main page. I can't see my friends, messages, places. Nothing else works. I need something better!
One star, fix your security on fb app, it won't let users on at all!!!! Not even the web or crome will let you go on!!!! When this is fixed I'll definitely add more stars!
Nice
Facebook
Tau
Hardly any issues
Ano bayan ang taas ng MBPS nito yan tloy ang hirap mag download  pwede ba babaan nyo
Stop refreshing my post. I'd like to continue from where I left off
Best app for facebook....
:/
Okay
Great apps!

Fb cannot open
Takes
I've complained on the Facebook app 3 times about this subject so far now and I've has absolutely no answer, everytime I watch a video posted on Facebook either right at the start while it's buffering or somewhere along the line can sometimes be random or always happen at the same point it says error and it is really starting to get annoying, whatever you asshats are doing you need to remove you're fingers from you're rears and start removing these bugs like seriously it's ridiculous.
Maybe beter security 
Nice
Facebook is so cool
Need more upgrade :(
Awesome
Wont play videos on mobile since the latest update
Sean joe Mapfumo
Good
I have metropcs and I can't even go on the app fix it for a higher rating
seriously it juz gt forced closed..evrytym i try to open it...disgusted!!
Nice
The best
Too slow feelngx Bad
Self explanatory
When I edit a caption for a picture I definitely have to try TWICE. Even if I edit and click "save changes" it goes back to the previous content. If I try again it works. Every time is same.     And when I upload pictures and open a picture from the list it always crushes. So can't upload easily.
Keeps me talking girls.
Awesome
It always crashes and says it won't respond. Also would you consider making available where you can customize statuses, and notes. Like you can on the computer.
:p
Hay la yevan (Y)
The best
Trrr
Its a good apps but automatically closing after update...plz help to solve this issue
I can't not play video or see them at all... So I hope yall fix it.... Thanks!!!
always hangs up on it's own. WTF!
Shit to slow y cant it just open straight away make it faster and ill give it five stars and tel all my friends to give  it five stars thank you
Good stuff
Cool
Can't download this app
Loving it
Love it omg
After I updated the app, I wasn't able to play videos. I can watch them on instagram and YouTube so I know it's just the Facebook app. Please fix..
like
All for 1 & 1 for Jesus
Great!!
I love the new update!!
App freezes in some occasions
You can save videos
I'm not being allowed to like anything on my facebook page. Everytime I do it says not being allowed because its abusive. What does that mean? Fix it please.
But changes over the years have made it less enjoyable
Great app . I use it all the time.
Great
It will not play the videos an sometimes crash. I'm missing alot of videos cause of this new update!
Great
Facebook
Good
Laggy, much of data size
Fast it.
FACEBOOK is asking for too many PERMISSIONS!! Why can't Facebook create an app without mining all the data on my phone???  A billion website visits per day isn't enough data for them?  Have a great day.  See you via my web browser!
easy to use
This new version sucks. If I could give it 1/2 star I would.
I got a new phone and now fb won't load please fix
just the pages take long time to load.
For beginners it wud b fun to use but slow on loading posts and timeline.. expert already know that this still needs a lot of improvement..
Its where I could communicate with my family all around the world
Good
Does what it's supposed to do.
There's no reason for this! Metro and fb can't sync.
It is the worst social network ever!'
Awsome but so much struck ...
:) ^_^
This is facebook will be like a rockstar
I had to uninstall fb to watch vids i comment again to see if it worked
Facceeeboookkkk
Modipane
Biasa aja keles
Because is very popular.
Great app for checking your social media frequently and very convenient. !
Great app
need copy paste and picture comment option
Want to hide annoying posts? Too bad, you can't.
Nice
wat the f!!!
Too slow
Works great
Birthday notifications are back but still nothing to solve the recent post issue.
Hamza
Good
Way to many updates .
Very nice app
Doesn't update. All posts say just now. It's horrible.
:'( bad update. Please fix
Above every obstacle
<3
Super love it
GREAT
Ok I have the new Samsung s5 and this app keeps uninstalling itself off my phone , what's the deal ???
You have to love it.
Tauseef
Dont get it it wont download at all I am telling the truth just get instagram its the same thing
3ade :p (kdg)
Need to fix the video bug quickly. I used to be able to view videos on facebook before the update. It just sucks now!
This app does most everything it says it will.   Not all of the videos play like they were supposed to.   It's getting better, slowly.  I love it. My favorite app bar none.
Cool
Love it
Nice
it would be great to merge two accounts.  Had to create a new one then remembered the password to old one.  It's a pain in the ads keeping up with both, haha.  Five stars when this can happen
the best ever
Very good
I have a Droid Ultra.  After the update, Facebook is freezing up frequently.  It was working perfectly before.
Realy effective
Why frequent update
Downloaded the upgrade and it keeps crashing, post are off time frame, i get messages late. Cant see all videos! Cant see all pictures. These "upgrades" suck!!!!!!!!!
Adam
Excelent noul update
Don't upgrade. Uninstall if you did.
I like8
It stops inadvertently evenry couple of days and there is no way to get it to stabilize again. The only way to fix it, temporarily, is to reinstall it..
Eh
HORRIBLE HORRIBLE CONNECTION LOST ALWAYS!!!!!!!!!!
12345
Latest update "turn off notifications" still doesn't work.  I still get notifications of people that respond to a post that I commented on...
Love it
If there was another facebook app out there, I'd download it instead. Can't access my news feed or messages or anything. Waste of memory and time downloading.
Suparb
Omg it takes up so much space and drains the hell out of my battery. Plus when I try to go from my messages to see my notifications it doesn't want to work. Love facebook but wtf
#facebook4life
faccbook
bonita
Won't let me log in. I'm on metro pcs and i can't access through the app or web. Please fix
I do NOT want to see "people you may know" every 5 or 6 posts please. And what is this new "save xxxx" all about? Why can't you developers just LEAVE WELL ENOUGH ALONE??!!
Al chulo
Always error in playing Videos plz set this error i tottaly disturb for this thing.....
Loved it really like all do
Facebook is beginning to suck. Can load videos or play them
I do not like the upgraded version!! PLEASE GO BACK!!! Then I'll give 5 stars
"919"
I just think it sucks
Fantastic app.......
Why does it take so long to download:)
2 out of 4 pictures on Google Play page feature hipsters. 10 out of 10 haha.
I can't watch videos on Facebook
Don't like useless
All over good performance.
Cant watch any videos since the update! Ughh!!! Please fix
I love it 
Why can't I download this I just can't :'(
Superb !
Can you make it so you can see your comment on some posts I am tiers looking for my comment on some posts...and also see what people comment on your comment.3 for now until those figures are added
Its easy and havent had any problems
I'm happy
Uses too much space on my phone!
It freezes...lags...crashes...does about everything but work!!!
Pl send confirmation code
Absolute crap
Your information is not private
Very easy n simple to under stand
Like it
Not letting me watch videos
I is fantastic
Love this app. It works amazingly. It functions perfectly! ^-^ :) ;)
Awesum
Star  Gated
Need to fast browse
Nice, i like it
Crappy app
Cool application

Better
I really like using facebook to upgrade by me having this application it's easy to use as a short cut then going to  web...
Facebook
Excellent ......
good
nice app
Very OK
Love it !!!!
Bashir
Took up to much space
Super slow ... no videos can play ? :( suck !
Hy friends
It always crash
I love the update it is now easier to use
Sidhee
I
Sucks, it was all good at the start but now with all the new updates.. it just straight out sucks!
Its Dope I love sooooo much download it people
Utter rubbish!! Multi million dollar business & it can't get anything right! Now Facebook has its own 'video player' it doesn't work on Sony phones, it keeps reading unknown error occurred. Sort it out! Not even worth a rating of a full star!!
good app works excelent
I like it but sometimes it says I have no internet connection and I have all the bars and I go to another app that needs internet to work and it does work please fix this and it will be awesome
Niccccce
JuanFlores
All of It
superrr....
Dan
Everytime i try an get on it says unknown error or somethin like that & i can't get on instagram either because facebook is linked to it, so fix this & y'all can get 5 Stars For Both!
You stick
i love this i can keep up with my friends and upload my favorite picturess
Good
Love this app
Every few messages i send i cant send them for another 10 min. Also chat history is broken. Cant play videos on yt through facebook.
Doesn't work on my tablet :(
I am used to it now is quite handy however when its on my computer its really slow !!
Awesome
Muah2
No prob.
Tk
Easy to use
OK
Took too long to log in and after It finally did it crashed my phone and other applications I had disappeared.  Wouldn't recommend installing this app at all
Angel
Good
Me get It was the intended
Very bad app
Good
Well
EnriqueEnrique25ca
This sh** keeps closing on its own
Akhtaf
Great app
Why do you guys have to have access to ALL of the other things of PERSONAL INFORMATION on MY cell?? It's NONE of YOUR business who I call, how long we talk, or WHAT we talk about! The same thing goes for the text messaging I do thru MY phone NOT YOUR APP!! Plus I feel that anything we post that's NOT "public" ...ESPECIALLY PHOTOS..should NOT be searchable or available to anyone other than our Friends...not Friends of Friends who arent on our lists or used in ANY of your ads without out our writen consent.
I'm reading through my news feed and minutes later it refreshes in the middle of what I was reading. Back to the top of my news feed it goes without me touching a thing. WTF Facebook?! Seriously?! Smh I'd prefer it that I DECIDE when to go back to the top of my news feed and not all by itself. 
Every time I want to open it. It takes a long time saying just a moment then suddenly stop and says sorry there is.an  error try another time. Please help me to know what I can do
Superb
Add an option to store to memory card please, it uses so much and then actually doubles that amount when you've logged in.
Not working
If those are actually looked at.   Hey how about the ability to turn off notifications for posts from the mobile app so I don't have to go to my comp to do it.
Yay
Lllllllloooovvvveeee
Good app
But for galaxy y don,t have any video
It want let me delete my acount
I love it today bab
excellent
Can't play videos - needs fixing
I like very much
Awesome heii
I hate using facebook on android cellphones so switching to iphone or nokia lumia
No it is not good i dislike from thiss app
Its awesome
Me hani karin me gjith fb
As long as it's free&you don't want to draw over my SDcard.Don't get me wrong,I like New options,but fear,there may be hidden fee's.I should laugh at.
X
Its nice
Ok so yes it does updates. But it only changes the look.
Kophyo
Pls make sort feature in news feed
M A SAMADU _27_7_14
Cayo
Facebook will not load at all


Facebook will not at all
Every time I wake up this app needs an update.
It very cool
I can't believe FB is the creator of this disgrace! Definitely would use the main site over this horribly created application. Get it together FB, it's not only your app that is starting to become laaame!
Wtf i cant use my fb s2 4.0 icecream stuck on loading plz fix guys bad update imo
Like
But not satisfy with ui n performance
STILL CAN'T WATCH VIDEOS!!! Can watch them on any other website. why not Facebook? I get an "unknown error occurred" message every time. FIX!!!
I don't know why but the download won't work.it crashes every 5min.
Hi
Change
To awesome that I have no words to say
Awesome thanks
Ok so yes it does updates. But it only changes the look.
Awesome app
Can't log in
I don't know what happened but it has stopped updating news feed and notifications. In short, not working any more!
Due to problems I was havi ng with the app, I uninstalled it but for over a week now I have not been able to reinstall it. It will download but when it starts installing I keep getting a "-24" error code. Sprint can't help since it's an app problem.  I've had it!!!!! When are you going to fix this?????
Me.. Green
Great
The new version opens a Camera Roll galley which doesn't allow us to select the specific photos to share. So you'd have to scroll through all photos in your phone to find the one you want to share. Moreover you can't share a picture with a specific friend or in a group. There's a lot to improve Facebook.
Keseringan upgrade, capcay deh
I love it
Its a good app whin it works  but other thin that its good
Its nice
Thanks
It won't even load or let me log in please fix.
Love it
Nice
63609
Boaring
Just bakwas
Lovely app
Title. Seriously, this problem seems common on at least all android devices at the moment. Needs to be fixed. I'm on the HTC One M8 btw, stock, root, custom recovery.
I love it
Can't watch videos, neither download them and when I change my profile picture it doubles it.....also it has only the paste feature no copy feature. Why does an update always come along with a ton of problems instead of fixes.....???? App is becoming really boring and useless.... Oh Yeah!!!!!
Why won't it upload videos now?
It is awesome
Manjunath.Hiregoud
First of all, this is my most used app of my cell phone. It would've been a 5 if you fix the image issue. Takes ages to load, mostly it crashes. No, doesn't even load
Great
Good
Easy interference
Love it
Very good and really funny (^0^)
The app doesn't recognise my email address although I can log on directly from Internet Explorer... What's the point in the app?
Love Android market but please fix i cant get on Facebook any more please fix soon please i miss my Facebook
It's not the best but it'll have to do
Ever since I updated the new version it keeps force closing
ok
Xxp
Htc sense ...Nullllllllll :-\
Ashu
To share a photo with this app the user has to scroll through a monolithic list of every image on the whole phone! Terrible experience AND sometimes it locks up while doing that. I work around it by sharing from the Gallery app to Facebook. But if I want to share multiple photos in the same post, that isn't an option. Seriously, the photo choosing activity is terrible! Fix it to let you browse by folder, and stop locking up, or just do what every other app does, and let us select images using whatever app!
A++
Everyone is getting hacked!!!
Love it
Good
Learn more about this as I go.
Superb
better than games
Gud app....!
dis app iz amzing alwayz 5 stars frm me  bt frm few i am unable 2 get push notification in my android phone.my app is up to date plz plzz plzz help me out....
Because ever time I get to 93% it says you can't download
Debraj Das
I don't like Top Stories, but there is no way to change it and keep the change like before. Also, the update takes even more space in my phone.
After I installed the update I couldn't go on anymore, simply goes back to home page. I have removed and reinstalled 3 times and no difference. Please fix it!
Pathetic app
Can't load any thing.......loading loading loading.....:-/
It works when it feels like it. Really need to fix this bloated mess.
Worse than before
Great way to keep in touch with friends and family
Won't down load I got a gallexys5
no need to describe. . .  great
chat with your friends
Love it
Short...comfortable approach
I had it on my phone but started having issues.  Took it off to see if it would work.   Now that I'm trying to re download it will not work.   Phone company said it's am app issue...help
Ok  Tanks
I expect more from Facebook but really I'm not sure why. Sometimes the app glitches and gets stuck. I have to decide if it's worth the memory space. So far it is but barely. Now it's closing the app by itself.  Step it up Facebook.
Yes..
Loved it :* :*
Thank you face book
Good
cool
After updating, this app is always crush while i open it or just scrolling. I try to clear the cache but it useless. Please fix the bug!!!
But my galaxy note ll works good. I need it for facebook . . .
I cannot log into my account on my phone with metro pcs web but if im on wifi its fine...this is very frustrating PLEASE HELP ME!!!

Debjani Das
I can't play any videos anymore
Just don't like the fact that yous know everything I'm looking at on my phone, so for that reason I will never update and use a fake name.
Good
Nice application in world
Jamma fuddu aa
Stay connected...
Keeps crashing
E tare
Very Poor
Good app
This app is fantastic nd very easy in use u must should download
On my Note 3 the app worked good, but I couldn't post from my phone. The "post" button was eternally grayed out. Then I couldn't get the app to stay open for longer than 5 seconds. I tried everything. Then I tried uninstall/reinstall, however I can't reinstall it. I can download all of it but when I try to install it, it crashes saying "Unknown installation error code -24."  Now I'm stuck using the facebook app "Fast" which ain't so fast.....
(Y)
will not open on tab 4 please fix
I can't play videos
So great
Good App
Why is the news feed not in chronological order based on time? When ever I am scrolling down it will show a post from two days ago and below that a post from four hours ago and so on. Can you please fix this? Please?
v nd
Time waste
Always show me old posts...
goos
I thought it was bad before! This latest update made it ten times worse! Constantly closing and restarting! It's awful! If you look at a picture or url, your news feed restarts. Worst update to app ever!! Please fix!!
News feed is absolutely crap, doesnt show in order, always shows shit from days ago, doesnt show status straight away but a day later, news feed always refreshes everytime I'm reading something and I lose where I'm at because it changes the whole news feed around because you muppets keep fucking up! How many times have I said this!!
syok lah haha.....
Very too long to installed
Very good
Good
aplikasi siiip..  hp android galaxy s+ LEMOT PISAAAAAN TERASA PENGEN TAK TELAN TERUS DI SEMBUR KE KOREA, MARAH
Wow
I like status so much but sometimes the like i do it gone no where
Deleted this app because of what I have to give Permission to on my phone in order to use the app. App is not worth yall invading my privacy
Down load needs to be smaller , it freezes when going through posts, it's very slow. You need to get it sorted not good
It's just amazing if there is a download options I'll given the total five stars
force close.slow.yada yadda....same as everyone else. Cant you either get it right or cut the updates !!!
Too Slow even in 3G. Image quality is low
Facebook stop updating and changing sooooo much it gets annoying other than the occasional crash its pretty smooth
Keep foreclosing need to be fix asap an sometimes it won't play videos
Good
The browser has faster browsing in most aspects, but the app interface is nicer. It's a tradeoff, it depends on what you care about. I use the browser and the messenger app, but it's all personal preference.
Ever since the new update fb now freezes on my n3 and then opens when not asked to....  I have to constantly Uninstall and reinstall it... Uhhhhhgggggg...
thet mon myint
I like this facedook
Love to get updates on my family!
Baby boy
I'm only 7 and it is awsome
No
I can't log on now! Please fix whatever is wrong!
Good
Not working
I can't tag people in the comments sections of picture or links I've posted. Even if they've made a comment already.
force close, force close and force close, too many update!!
Love it
I love facebook because it show me who I really am and I can share my feeling with facebook the end
Installed this just yesterday.  Every time I try to use it quits before I get to the logim prompt.
Keep in touch with friends
Closes Facebook if I look or attempt to look at anything that disagrees with current world order.
This new version 13.0.0.13.14 it's not work properly has lag and it's slow pls fix it  and thank you for your amazing software
The update has too much log it keeps sticking... caw bada wid d slow up process -_-
Now it has ....good speed....and ui.
Takes up to much space!!!!
Never have a a problem using Facebook and its my main way of staying in touch with friends and family thanks guys
This is nice application to use.
Chats
It's getting better.  Keep up the good work.
Stress is the last thing I want
Deodha
Love it
Niyas
Connecting to frns
We should b able too move it to ext sd card!! Bcause it bcomes too big! Fix it pls! Nd then will giv u 5 STAR!
Excellent communication and I am looking forward good
Soulja Girl
Can't refresh posts after opening them. If i want to see new comments i have to press back and refresh the whole news feed to get the new comments. Wasn't like that before last update. I don't know i keep doing this to myself this app should never be updated once you find a version that's working for you
My favorite hangover
Nic  app i love it
Idk
I love it <3 i can read news from facebook without my pc / laptop. This very easy...
I use fb a lot and I like it but pick a layout and stick with it man. Oh and I don't like that you pick what I get to see. Stick with the most recent posts.
Good app, I can't imagine my life without Facebook
Oh... Its not getting better even after updating to newer version. If u want to hide some notification in this app, u have to do ten times for getting a result.. Really embarrassed...
I can't open my Facebook going  to 4 days now, pls fix the problem,  so annoying. ..
Good
:* :* :* :*
Very nice
Nneed
Won't download.  Keeps saying Error code 24. Whatever that means.  Maybe it's a good thing anyway.  Social media actually makes us antisocial.
It is so good to use instead of using it in a browser . Idt is same as use using fb in system
Great
It wont ley me download it or it will down and stay on 93%
Cool
FASBUK
Haven't been able to get on via app or web for 3 days wtf is the problem
Great app!!
Its wonder
Love this
Great
It has some classic features
What's happening with the videos??!!! I can't play the videos, it's says an error occurred!
Superstar
Its a time pass app and like this
Why do you have to search for the most recent news. I don't want to see what YOU think is more popular. I want to see what's most recent. Why is it no longer an setting? You actually have to go to your favorites rather than it being automatic.
Fabulous :-*
This has really started to anoy me. It's not refreshing all the time,  showing things from days ago rather than up to date posts. Even considering just deleting it off my phone as it's a waste of space on it
I've tried to upload this application and is not working. it's say that I don't have any space on the phone and I delete everything from the phone and its says that again.can u make it work?
I can't upload more than 2 photos on my wall, do something!
Worst app ever
Outclassed
Its not letting me in to my old accounted with all my pictures how can i get it back
Facebook
l love God
update suck
Install Facebook
Please fix can't download
Still some random kinks that need to be worked out. Newest update seemed to create a problem with choosing photos from somewhere other than your camera roll... Also, clicking back while in a message chain doesn't usually work anymore to get you back to your home screen.
All in one app
It not let me in keep saying wrong email @ phone no. @ password. I know it right password emails@ phone no.

Nice entertainment
Superb
Gud
Muuuhhhaaa
Everything working good.
I like it carry it on
Love it
Shame on this app
Good app...
Itz so durable so funny appp better is watsapp
Oh yeah
V good  & V Nice job
Gud
Whenever I try to download it it says error download.. I tried at least 7 times it says the same thing again and again.. what can I do? Fix it
Hustled Dealer rooftop rider
very vast and very slow not open massenger ani fb app same time when I use both my mobile hang so. plz fixed it.
Facebook Junkie.
Dk
Good performence
goddess gayatri devi photos
One of the powerful means of communication and connectivity
Yea u could do diffenet things
This app is becoming more of a headache to navigate and boring interface doesn't help either.
I try downloading it and it said error code then 661  and it doesnt install
I use it all the time to check my stuff
Great app but few bugs!
Since I updated, when I want to watch videos, a message pops up saying sorry an unknown error occurred and can't play video. Please fix ASAP. Thanks
Facebook and Facebook Messenger are good and easy to get from Google Play.
Slow. . .
Osm app

My favourite Facebook is my favourite because it is very good for time pass
Like
Not so good
Enjoy your day...!!
I like
Wish it would work property
Y we have to do 10 times update ha... So irritating....
FREEZING, FREEZING, AND MORE FREEZING.
Best appl i like it..
Pelik tapi sedap
It us easy to use unlike using browser in my phone just to access facebook.
It's helped me talk about the Death of my two dear son's Mike and Shawn McLaughlin. It's Amazing.
Gr8 app but zuckerberg must bring something new as bcuming boring day by day
I love using this app.
can't copy texts, pictures...
Nice
Awesome
Good
Won't let me edit or delete a comment on a picture on my Galaxy S4.  I'm pretty sure this used to be a feature.  Please fix.

Updated version is a bit better apart from it won't let me choose most recent posts just shows what it wants...
Sempoii link
Its so easy and so gifted. .. I love this app
This fb specility is helping to meet my UN believes friends thanks to share my things to my friends so lam very happy
Muhsin
Lov it
I have been quite frustrated with this clunky and difficult to use app. One of the most frustrating points is that my "Mosr Recent" tab is still showing posts from 3 days ago! This is uninstalled until someone tells me that there is a new version that works.

Please me i dowload this app i well give u 5 star plz... and together rate,, please.,
Good
This app is amazing for youngers
Ok after this new update I'm having problems when scrolling....it's not responding as it used to...sometimes I have to scrollup and then dowb in order to scroll down...
Plese add the select cut copy paste option for the text
New version is awesome
When I open facebook it automatically shuts down and goes back to homepage it's not my phone so it's got to to be Facebook can you please check it out and fix this problem, and I can't even uninstall Facebook to reinstall to see if it would fix the problem aulet The Laramie to do is an update and then go back an update it again this is getting ridiculous please help!
video cannot playing
I love face book its great
This app is make a happy in my life always. This is a very genuine product. I love facebook. Tnx.
mahendra prajapati
Good
Tt
Nice
Also me apps ilke
Excelle
Great
I hate it vry much
Jay guru ram
Ashok
Vvery good
I'm not an FB say addict once or thrice that's the most I would access it in week.But now that I need to use it I won't let me use it. Did uninstall and install, reboot my phone but same thing happens..after putting my credentials it will just go back to my home screen.
Glitches not a great experience on android.
Better
Gulnahar.begum2
It has become awful since the last update. I cant even open the programm. Please fix it as soon as possible
good
Enjoy fb
Great SNS, It allows you to engage with family & friends across the globe, for free. It also comes with an instant message system (App) which is very helpful. I can't imagine anyone losing contact with loved ones, unless you intentionally block them or cut off all communication with them because after all, who isn't using Facebook? Great App!
Exllent
Randomly closes on its own.
I can't install the facebook.whene i try to install there is saying erro cod 927,919 like that
Good
i so happy
I found all my friends@the same time!!!
New update is ridiculous! Can't add a picture to an event! :-( I want most recent news feed not top stories please! Very slow loading, takes forever!!! Please sort this out Facebook!
Very very slow
But their r so many fake id..... Make them clear
Ze
Bloated and slow.
The app now has a new look, but still heads up with a huge usage of ram and laggy scrolling even on high end devices.
Good
New version is lot better
App has improved greatly, mobile site is better and lack of video album on mobile is a downer
Good mind good find
Gud
Facebook
Sometimes it goes all the way back to the top of the page when I'm scrolling through my news feed. I hate it. Please fix.
Good
Takes to long download
I think it's better content application
Images,videos, pages and profiles take too long to appear/load and when I watch a video it freezes constantly!!! Worked better before the upgrade
Copy paste option nt available... :-(
Why not make tabs and facebook developer apps visible to mobile users? It's 2014 and mobile users are still not at PC level.

Love it
Mean
Its ok bt eat lots of memory .
Bt currently I can't open up my fbook, I don't know y?did u guyz change something in it.
thinks very thinks
Love it
Gud but need more option
nice
It really really sucks
Cannot play videos.  Crashes often!!
There semes to be a problem with Facebook on my Sony Xperia z after the latest update where my phone finds it extremely difficult to play videos on Facebook. When I click on a video it almost always pops up with a message saying it's unable to play the video. Sometimes the video starts to play but then stops playing and displays the same message. Its very annoying.
Well nice
Love
Fb
improve it.
I havent been able get on fb since the july 25th 2014 i cnt get on the web or the app its driving me crazy what is going on. I have MetroPcs as my carrier. I am a dedicated fb person lol. Plzzzzz fix ASAP
I need to make download videos from Facebook
I like it
Connection is easy
Very bad
N
this the best
Very good app
It nothing but trouble
Samsung SIII mini
I still can't set "Most Recent" as my default! Fix this! I want to see what's going on now. I don't want to see a cat picture from a week ago. I don't even like cats.

With love
Can't play any videos on FB! And it really sucks! It's been a week! Fix this!
Nice
Rubbish
This update is bullshit
I had met many frnzzz bcz of ths thnk u fb team
Sogood
When i try to open tabs like friends any anything else then it loads for a while then message appears 'trouble loading page please try again later' please help me about this problem ........
not at all installing properly
Awesssommmme!!!!!
Supper application
Wow
I like this.......
Sup

Nice
Can't update! waiting for a long time but pop out " error of 961" So, PS settle it! thx
Superb........
I love it great way to stay in touch with family and friends
It takes forever to load and when it does I can only be on it for small periods of time. "Facebook is not responding" constantly pops up
It takes many minutes to view any pictures. That is if they even load. That circle going round and round is all I see, and I'm sick of it. I've never had problems until this last update. Please Fix It.
Just lovE it
Is it possible to bring the translation feature to the Facebook app?
Setting up Facebook screen
I like it
Everyone post videos on Facebook but I can't watch them..I keep getting a error message every time I try please fix !! PS I watch videos everywhere else YouTube and CBS and it works but Facebook don't work..
Its easy and real quick. Honestly really amazing.
App kept freezing everyday and even though I sent a report to facebook nothing was done so app was deleted. Will not reinstall unless properly fixed.
I love facebook facebook is where i can chat with all my family n friends pluss kik is ok
Slow I think 1 star is enough
Good
When I try to play a video it says there's an error & it closes.
Love it
If some one reply to me i can not c
It keeps freezing up on me, please fix it, I used to love this app. Now I am getting really frustrated! Galaxy S3. Update- I have now uninstalled and installed again in hopes that it stops freezing on me.
Since last update videos on my newsfeed have no audio
You cant play videos fix this problem and it will be 5 stats again im away from home for work and I dont even get to watch videos of my nephews and neice learning to walk or talk im missing alot fix it bf
is the best and its enough

I can't download it, I have before
Always lagged when I changed my pro pic that's super annoying other than that it's great app
Hmm.?.,
Sally bond
Bekaar
Package file is invalid. Make it so I can actually download it. Not impressed.
Love it!
Just fine really, no problems with it as far as I can see.
Hi :) hi i cc c.f. the Yu l ok.I'm nvm r, Jim v :/ no im bi :/ c.f. un bi in bi I'm no im bi :/ c.f. tv c.f. ex see dc ft gf ink ya daughter but i dnt want to be gay people i can tell you that the new sponge RELATIONS really like the new sponge RELATIONS really like the new I'm a you  think about u  tht fight this is fish sandwich and cons of me smelling your boyfriend
Its crashing down after playing a video really feeling annoyed
why stop 15.92
I love to use it coz takes less space give me maximum fun.
And it crashes too much.
very bad.
Gerat app but plz update the android software of  micromax samrty A25 plz plz
Love it
Love it.
Before I updated I could videos now with this new update I can not it sucks
Yup
It's a good way to keep up with family
"Accha hae bhao"
Good
Nice
Because of Facebook!!!
Sharlett
Using iOS you can see the description that goes w the pic real widely and easily, while that by using Android is just a small banner at the bottom, which gives me real hard time scrollin it to see the whole description. So please work on this and see if its possible, to make it  more comfortable to use the app. I'd appreciate it :)
Every half hour or so this app keeps turning off. Just kills with no error message. T-mobile HTC One.
Great
I m getting sick of it... unlike before, it getting worse and worse... pls fix it fast because not only me have this problem... thanks
It is good app
It's realy bad
Good
Great app loved it so much guys new stickers and fast update great app u should download this
excellent
Never refreshes
New update is crap! Keeps freezing?
Very nice.
I like it
Facebook
Doesn't show most recent stories
Perfect one.....
I love it
Not bad.
Duriya kaam hoo jati haii...
Hello
Boon for Android
It won't let me on
I've experienceing some problem in this app. When I try to click the continue reading and press back it go back to the top please fix this
Awsome
It takes up alot of space and I mean alot! Fix it for 5 stars.
Could improve it by introducing feature to mute certain notifications which we can do on our computers.
Boy
Every night the don't just load
gud
Update it
Hi all
Facebook update is not Good Always..... Sometimes it can get some Problems.
Something is wrong with this app. For a while now when I use it it blocks my wifi usage. Cannot connect and receive emails or anything  not sure what changed but please fix this asap.
Multumit
It takes 101 m after downloading and sign in
can u help me
Very good
Good app
The biggest problem I find with this app is that it doesn't allow copying of text in the news feed.. What the hell is up with this!! Next is the problem of it refreshing on its own when I move to another app. This takes me back to the top of my newsfeed which, most often, I have already covered a huge part of. I have to scroll dozens of pages again.. Last, it does not show notifications for birthdays n news circulating like in the PC version.
This update is rotten. Wish I could get the old version back. The news feed is all over the place. Would give this a zero star rating if possible. Another thing about the update is the fact that my settings are constantly changed. I switched the option of auto play of videos to off, but that reverts back to. on everytime I leave the app. I'm deleting this app and will not be installing it again.
I like facebook
That is good
Like
Newsfeed is horrible and you cannot permanently select most recent. Videos don't work anymore. Just change it back, it's awful!
Nice
I love using this fb its help me alot
This sucks. I want my Most Recent feed back.
I have a business page. And everyone else I see that has one has the ability to let their clients rate and comment just like I'm doing here. But my page will not allow it. I've checked my settings and still no help. Please fix.
Won't load the first 10 pictures in any photo album or the first photo I tap on. While scrolling through photos, the app just randomly stops letting me scroll,I have to go back, then tap the next picture only to happen again another 10 pictures deep. Also, the app barely updates comments on posts. Terrible app
Since I updated I have not been able to use this app. It opens to the blue Facebook screen, shows loading and turns to a white screen before it becomes inoperable. Bottom line this app sucks now!
It covers Lot of space and kills phone RAM.but have increadible speed
I logged into Facebook when it was relatively new, and when some changes were made, I got very upset, and didn't like the direction the app was taking. While I still would love to see a Facebook Classic version, I must admit I think for such a complicated program, it has started to become much more stable, and fun to use again. I especially LOVE the MESSENGER app, and use it many hours a day. Because of a recent OS update to 4.44, I have been experiencing some issues with Messenger, fix that, get five stars
Easy to chat with frnds
Overall works great ...new UI rocks...just awesome...;-) love it
Samsung 3  tablet. No longer cn set newsfeed to show newest first and whenever I repost and it item from newsfeed it won't take me back to same spot where i was. It takes me all the way back to beginning news feeds. Very frustrating

Nice..!!  5  star
i use fb
facebook
When someone send me a friend request and the notification of it doesn't go unless I confirm or ignore...  Please fix that
So good I like it aaps
Its takes up all my memory space on my phone!! N whenever I try to see new stories its says its updating but doesn't show me new new stories unless I exit the app n then get back on it...PLEASE FIX!!
In asus fone pade not supported new app app crashed
I HATE HATE HATE the newest update. Don't see most of what I should, doesn't load most of the time and force closes a lot
Pacebook
Can not modify any comments after posted
It slowed down my whole phone very large memory its much better using whatsapp messenger :-D
its aright need some app fixing quit updating
superb
Excellent app mind blowing kadakkjkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk
Nice
Wooowuuu u hv gat mi,,,,,,
Sanjay
Nothing too great about the app .. need lots of improvement and minimal features..
Nice!
App star
I like verymuch onfacebook somavar machu and s.mallu it facebook was used one conected to another one
So pe
Malupet 2......
Voila!
Super
WoW
K
Heaps app are better out there.
Awesome and fast :) keep it up :)))
need to fix the video playback. Every time I play a video it crashes, happens to everyone I know, so it is a problem with the app. Stop trying to tell me what to like and buy and FIX THE APP.
I realy Love Facebook. Love uh.
Good
Hamzah
It's ok
beautiful f
Liking logs me out. Wtf
nyc
Nk facebook
Mxxx
Very often.   Please fix.
Facebook
Bye
Thanks to Mr fb own. ...
So beautiful
Good
Like it
Yup good
Nice and cool app
this is the easy way to connect to your friend and find your friend share your photo and many more.
Prem
Good
Di ka upload ug daghan .
You're welcome to attend the interview
Not up to the mark
Nothing has changed much in the years I have had Facebook.
It wont let me play videos "error cant play video" like fix it please.
Facebook won't refresh my notifications and all when I'm using my packet data. Please fix this!

Very nice
Y
Amazing
Very  nice application I loved it
It needs a better update but I lobe the app
Best
Friend
Facebook is Facebook. Its good :)
Its giving single sign in error
Please fix it i cant play videos on fb its making an error so please fix it
Love u
Nice
Beauty
Everytime i play videos this app crashes and bring me to home screen......fix this!!
Ok
Pee pee
its my new addicting.
Not bad app
I love it
good app
Slllllooooowwww
Benim favorim facebook
Everytime i downloaded it  cant be down because of an error 919
Tetap semangat kehidupan keras
Awesome
I don't receive notifications quickly. it takes a long time before notifications appear. Like who messaged me, commented, liked etc. Please fix it.
Good
Sign, sign, sign, ERROR, Bull Caca!!! Developer, are you drunk or what? Don't be lassy, teenagers can do better programs than you!?!?
Facebook is good
Its decent but could be much better
i love this app...
Very fast
Love the app hate that I can't watch Facebook video's
Like it
Very good
Can't even upload pictures from a folder of choice. it forces me to upload from camera folders only
Ever since the most recent update pictures and videos will not load it is very frustrating.
Facebook is great
king
Its good but not work properly every time not responding   and video not play
It's damn slow
Love it
:::: : : :::: ::::::: ::::::::: : :: :: :    :: : :  :  : ::: :  ::   :  : :    ::  :  :    :  :  :   :      :
Ring
666
Love
I cant install facebook application anymore after the new update due to "insuffient storage available" !! You have to allow the facebook app to be installed to external sdcard instead of phone memory
Likess
Far too intrusive
Facebook
Cool
Gud
Wow I like it
Cant load photo after upgrade
Cool ha
Knowledgeable
Terbaeeekkk
Woo it's a cool social network
4stars for the makers of the app. I really love it. job well done. But please do add attachment of files in the status. I really need it for my school works. . thanks
Khan
I would like to request my family friends and fansSupport this link
very nice
What the heck... for the last 2 weeks it keeps timing out and shutting down
I can share and post what my feelings
why hang plzz update this fb not work

I've been having difficulties in uploading photos on facebook so I'm depending on you guys,will you guys make it easy for me.....
Its good
If it's not broken don't fix it. So tired of updates.  Changes and so on.
Ok. Older version was better
Super love it...
Good
I love facebook
I will give 5 stars if you guys can fix when I put videos it keeps saying SORRY, BUT AN UNKNOWN ERROR OCCURRED WHILE TRYING TO PLAY THIS VIDEO. Please fix it.
1048
good
sandiya
This make my day worse!!
Great
I liked it
Asmin
Awsome
I don't like that I can't change my settings anymore. I like seeing my newsfeed in order. It's a mess now.
It is a yak
Awesome
Video cut out after only a few seconds. So frustrating
Loading error.....
it drains my battery power alot even though I didn't use this app, please FIXXXX
great
Can be improved a lot
this is best app
Everytime i open photos on albums, its not responding and i have no other choice but to close it a million times. Really frustrating
Facebook
Need Improvements.
Well app
Loved it
Really good
Its working nicely.
Good,Better,Great. ;)
I like it so much because it is the best
Nice but i am not really sure about this
Why is this happenning ? after im DONE to select photos to upload, it'll go back in my timeline ! i've tried to restart my phone, and force close the app. and still won't work !   pls . fix this
Aditya
Good
I love it
Why does Facebook automatically close after 3 seconds? I uninstalled and reinstalled for 3 times and this problem still happened.
I updated my facebook and it keeps on crashing
It's crashing again and again on my htc desire s. This wasn't a problem in any of the previous versions. Kindly fix it!
Its always says insufficient storage
Very useful & the UI is very nice but it need a lot of time to load video's
New update seems broke my honeymoon with FB. I can't open my account anymore. Everytime I open the app, it just appearing in grey screen. Why should you update if it becomes worse? Please back the old FB, when everything still runs smoothly.
Love me
Great fast easy x
Very nice fb app for my Samsung Galaxy s4
Takes long time to start!
It takes a lot of space Solve this then i will give 5 stars
Its ok
Awesome app
Please fix
awesome
[Bug Update] FIX THE FB APP STATUS ERROR WHEREIN USERS CAN'T APPEND DETAILS via "WHAT ARE YOU DOING?" FIELD 
I love it
Ah.. Love  it
Fazool kr di hai fb update k baad realy bad felt.
Can't. Play video. My phone is LG OPTIMUS G.
Like
Excellent
Ashtirimashtato ¡ã_¡ã
Its good
It's very good app and I use this app
Bosdika
Nice application
It is really cool and awesome
This app stoped working after last update.
Its good I just love it
All features are totaly burst
Zubrrdast
n
patel hardik
The quality is just amazing on my google nexus seven I would recommend it to everyone.
Wooow update version is excellent.
Yeahh
It worked just fine for the first 6 months after I got my new phone but recently in the past week or so it won't work. When I try to log in it says error has occurred so I uninstalled the app and installed it again thinking that would fix it and it,it let me log in. But once I logged out it reverted back to the same thing again when  I tried to log back in a while later. I think now I've uninstalled and reinstalled the app like 7/8 times just to be able to get on. Really not happy!!!!!
br br unfortunately close what the hell
love fbb
Fb
Sourabh rawas
scrolling with my HTC One M8. Scrolling is fine with all other apps. But in Facebook, I find it really hard to move up/down the newsfeed. Facebook is fine on my S3. Suspect a bug with the M8?
Mmm..gud
Has bugs, too big and all up in my business. Sigh but still need it so...,here I am.
Excellent Lgfn
It Is Late On What People Post And  Its Giving Me Late Post From Three To Four Days Ago The Only Way I Can See What Is Currently Going On Is Going To My Recently Up Please Fix This Problem The Up Date To This Is Vary Poor
Dii
Great
Tried downloading. Says i dont have a connection.  Tried metro web. Still doesn't work. Make it work please. Lg phone
I can't open facebook since the last update plz fix it
I like this  .i can play video can like and every thing .this deserve five star :-)
Nice
hopless app
A lot had improved.
It is slouli
I like this app
Binu
Worlds no1 social. Network
Super
My fb always people hack ..block
Nice
Beautuful appp
It's jus awesome
best usage in 3G
awesome app
Has its issues, "" But you all know! ,-You can't stay off it,!! :-)
Irfan shaik's
D.singh Dana
Mast
Good app .!!!!!!!!!!!I find it useful
I can't download this !! It hat an unknown error 492 ! Fix it pls
Like it
idc

Nyc app but it log out automatically plz fix this problem
Love it...
The order in which the news feed appears is beyond ridiculous
So nice
Omg
j
Kool
Google+ app is a heck of a lot better.
Paras
When i am trying to download it its showing some error when it is starting to download it is taking a lot of time
55
Good app

nice ! new look is better . ;-)
Laggy as hell and I'm sick of being randomly taken to the top of my wall. Fundamental flaws need priority over New features.
Good
fab
Facebook is my life and this app really works
The application closes when I watch a full video. I need to press back before the video ends to prevent the app from closing. The notifications area got stuck at a post of a friend of mine even if i click the tab it still goes there at the post its like i changed the function of it but i did nothing pls fix
Facebook

Kapil joshi
Monodip  Mondal
Its ok
Hogs loads of memory. Can't stop it from auto loading and it wrecks my phone for downloading other stuff. Review for an older version because this naff app can't even install efficiently. Dead trigger 2 manages to install 400 meg but this crashes with not enough storage...probably because the app itself is using too much. I like using Facebook but wish I could uninstall this bloatware app!
Fine
Application not support global language unicode
Ex lent
Awesome
Too Heavy and resource demanding !!! Hangs most of the time!!!
NICE FB
Keep it up
Vire nice
its a good app
Rina  Akter
Android facebook is very slow speed.
Every time I open the app the screen flashes black and freezes my phone!!!!! I'm over it!!!!!!!
Im totally addicted to fb lol
Sivuyile
Good but slow
Nyc
ASSASSINATION
Its nice update bcoz this apps also call to every Facebook friends
I wish download videos.
:)
Hema
IN GOD WE TRUST
click on Facebook and it shuts the Phone down,Completely useless
Its pretty much what I expected. Decent but not perfect.
I HATE the fact they now force you to use their awful messenger. It basically takes over your phone wether you want it to our not.
MAZJNG
Singles
Face book rules
Amaz
This stupid app lags like a mofo
Is it My Phone or is any body having problems viewing videos...I get a "sorry unknown error has sccured while trying to play this video"!! only videos I can watch are Youtube videos...needless to say, I'm really annoyed
When I clicked on an external link, it would always bring me back to where I last left off in my news feed but now I have to scroll through the entire news feed and find where I last left off. It works best in iOS cos it will bring me back to where I clicked the link. Pls fix this asap!!!
Nice app
super hang
GooD
Excelent
Sro
Not that good especially the messenger rubbish prefer the one on google it's much better
Good app never freezes when I use it lol. But it's only slow if your phone is not updated or the app is not updated. So just make sure that it is and you will not have a problem lol!!! :-) :-)
Ok
Facebook is a great way to get connected to friends
please bring back sort to top stories or most recent status button. i wanna read latest status, not top stories only.
Element

I like
Good!
Focus on the app and less ads. Since you started with this ad crap. I have nothing but problems.
Good
Amaz maz
No reply option in comments of any page.. Speed too slow..new version sucks!!
I like it
Manju
this is most wanted app 4 facebook users.
Arpan
Adamzh
Pranjal
Brings me back to the top of the people list every time I scroll down! Please fix!
Cant send voice messages or call
Good
I like Facebook somach
Facebook
Kamlesh panchal
I am heppy
I never write reviews but I have to now....I was having problems with the app so I thought it was BC I needed to update it WRONG!!!! I updated the app and now I am having more problems out of it. Now I can't post anything half the time and the other half its shutting down for no reason. Please fix the bugs
Cant play videos on my phone. Every time I click on a link to a video an error occurs. Please fix it.
Thanks

Very fast and easy to use
Awesome
Love it man..
Gud liked it but it is very slow for new stories
Good
Nothing cannot beat this
Chelliah
Haha always updated
Like it
Love fd... its I part of life nowadays.
It's better than older
Nice Apps...
Nice
Lovely
But when I log in it say error  and in my mom phone too. I don't know what to do right now. Please fix it. :(
This is all right
It downloads really slow its annoying
Each time I tried to play a video it would not let me it would just say error can't play this video
The worst app in Play Store. Cant play video of every format and also cannot download it. Plz !! Hoping for a better update
Everytime it updates it getting worse
Cool app but
Very nice app...just awesome
When I watch many video clips via using WiFi, the quality is not in HD. It should have the HD button as same as iOS.
Keeps stopping unexpectedly and it's driving me crazy!! Please fix it!
Its good
Better than before...
Can't live without this
The scrolling has become worse. It gets stuck all the time. Please fix!
Nice app
Loved it
Fast and furious
This is a very good app of facebook for us... I like it... Thanks...
Video crash
So gooood
We want advanced search options like "Photos of "USER NAME"" etc.,in Android app.
Good
Gud
Eating my phone's space
Very good
Why isn't there an option to see most recent updates in order of posting time by ALL of my friends?  Why am I seeing random posts from two days ago within the first ten posts when I log in? I want to know what everyone is posting right now,  like I can on my computer.  Seems like most other users of this app agree.
facebook
That's is best for business
Amazing
:)
It takes me about 10 trys to log in. Once it does it wont load. So i log of an try another 10 times
classic!
Baaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaad very baaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaad
It is a good chain for searching and meeting for his loving friends. Very nice options.

Its just ok a big app still has many problems vidoes can't be played and much more
This appnis awesome
Why isn't there an option to see most recent updates in order of posting time by ALL of my friends?  Why am I seeing random posts from two days ago within the first ten posts when I log in? I want to know what everyone is posting right now,  like I can on my computer.
Nice app but do not show people's birthdays. Please fix this.
Fb
Arpan
nice for every body...but sometimes it could not recognize any profile...
Good
Always using fb is bad thng bt gud thng is dat we can meet our frnds relatives
Its a good app but there are many things to improve.
It won't open please fix and I'll give 5stars
It's sooooo nice!
good
PRAY4GAZA
Good app
i really love it because there will be a easyly communication
Comments won't even go!!
Sooooooogoooooood
nw facebook is so boring no update good
AWESOME
So I've bought a new phone (Sony Xperia Z2) an now every time I watch a Facebook video it crashes after a few seconds can you sort this out? Its annoying
Can't see any fb notification in Notification Bar .please fix it
Nice
Issue persist after update.          Can't play video
Wish you could add photos to albums. Main complaint.
Good app
Very good
I cant able to see my w.app downloaded pics nd other folder's pics in fb app,.. Try to solve it, or go to hell
Decent
I think that the fb app is good but it is not so that mach goood......
017 598 598
L.V.BHURE
Too slow..bumps me out continuously
Keeps crashing its very annoying having to uninstall and install again and still don't work!
Lmyn lah
Gd job
Need text copy option like in browser
its a great app
Can't see my post or anything not even my pics or videos FIX NOW PLEASE I LOVE FACEBOOK
Not happy with having the settings changing after the update.
Contents in FB is not appearing 100%.
Nice
Very good app
kumar
Beautuful appp
What a great apps
Enjoying.
Nice app
Bomb blaSt
Love it
Okkkkkkkkkk nice
Fb helps.
what the hel is wrong with thiss app..
Whatever
Good app not that much of advanced need to add some more feature
Yes
Facebook
I'm on Facebook nearly all the time but it won't let me play videos it'll just freeze on one second and it will keep playing but I won't be able to see what the video is about
Thanks !
I want to see the most recent posts in the news feed not most popular =_=
nice app to connect with people
Yeh
Loved it
Please fix it,im tired of uninstalling and installing facebook just to make it work,but still not responding.
Good but I see lagging in my galaxy y dous s5302
Super
Everything is fine now..Best app..(Y)
Nice
Sandip Set
The best
GRRR..I hate THAT  my chat takes me to my inbox..WTF
kalu
Hate it cz its not intalling it is making an unkown error:"-24"
Vea help oy nhom woo srey ban !!!
Good
It's consume too much space on my phone.
Nice
So fixe the problem
I love Facebook..
Jesus
Its kul.
Jaadu jaisa
After the recent two upgrades, i have to force close it almost evrytym!!
Thanks
Terbaik
Facebook is update everyday .
You must have longer size of profile picture
I want to comment on people's comments.
Videos wont play news feed needs to be sort by recent first by default
Just downj
Fb
Back to old one
It  never let me see video I have to wait maybe 20 to 30 min 4 a 2 min videos im not mad I just need it to work the way it should
I Love fb
It realy nice app


Very good
Cool... Great!
Cannot play a single video. Please look into this..
Its good ha
Exlent
Wat a messup app
Nihal keshari
Yes
I gave a star only
Perfect social networking site
BAD Application :(
Averystrangeenchanted¨®y
Fix the updates back in timed order and notnso all over the place
Sometimes when i turned on the chat nobody seems to be online even if a lot of my friends are online i have to log out and log in again to see the green dots are really there!hope u can fix that..it's quite interrupting
Nice
I can't play videos
It fun to play games
Time pass
Excellent
Not bad
Because of you my mother and my father is all ways angry. I don't believe in you i hate this app. And now my brother hate me and he block me. What the hell this app. I need my family but they need you. I hate you! :'( :'(
Cool
Its okay but i like the ios version
Best app
Shahjee
Cause make me easy to open my facebook account
Himanshu
Nice
Its so much faster using the browser than this app
I love the app. I just can't watch videos and that makes me upset. Fix this please! I would greatly appreciate it!
Perfect
Used GB
Fine
Ethiopia music video
I haven't had a really bad issue so far with the Facebook app. Except for once when the app wouldn't load. Which it wasn't a huge problem, bc the rest of my apps weren't loading correctly either.
Most Recent Feed now hidden under "More" :-/..
I like it!
Nice
Its new version is too cool....but dear developer it stops working time by time......please fix it.....
Ok I guess
It takes tons of space, but it's great overall.
Hi!!!!!!!!!!!!99%cool but 1% very hot¥Å ¥Å
Why it not working
and drains battery.
Very good
Facebook es  para comunicarse es Buena.
It's good application more than like this application too faster than even
Saksith
ban
Communicative
super
Hot
Weird thing is that everyone uses the reviews for a bug report page.
Excellent
Thanks.
Sonalj
It is so very impresive
85 tree 6h74hde7674 kook hi 54
Ya its k.....
It's so slow
I'm unable to play vedio on Facebook...error stating " can't play vedio some unknown error occurred while playing vedio". While  vedio is easily running on YouTube etc. No problem..  Please fix some bugs and let me know how to resolve the problem...
Not horrible but not great either


It was all working well...then something happend that it wouldt let me log in! Fix it please ...i unstall it...but i am gonna install it again
All
Zehar
Good app but not 5 stars. I would give the app 5 stars if I could create albums or upload photos into specific albums rather than only having mobile uploads as an option.
Love it!
Facebook
Nice
nice
Best for social media
Trendy,reliable, faster nothing brings ppl this close since letters and telegrams during the world war
Fb
I have the galaxy s3 and can NOT update status or share pics or even upload pics . It just got a new update today that didnt help any.
Tilahar-6, Parbat.
Hey guys m having a prob with this fb messaging.. whenever i talk to someone send button changes to like button and ever time it gets send. Can u plz create an option such that i can remove that like button from there. Thank you in advance
Excellent
It is very good app
It's ok
super
Nice
Wowowowow
Might have
Muah
Thanks for this, love it. <3
It is always stalling and quitting. Not sure I want to try it again but, I will.
Best app to use fb and it just keeps on improving but uses lots of RAM
Love facebook good way to talk to all my frannds
This is better than geting on pc:-)
Its OK and Facebook would be so cool to find more friends and text messages to other people and playing a few games.
Suddenly, my news feed is out of order. I've got things from days ago at the top of my feed, followed by things posted yesterday or today. WTH, Facebook?!
Superb
I updated it know won't let me on
Can't accept calls with the app open, goes straight to voicemail. Thanks for taking over my phone Facebook
enjoy
Fb Home isnt compatible for my phone...so sad....
pls give us copy option on it. :)
Don't like finding out recent stuff late
Nice
I can't send voice message!
Nice
See what friends ire up to
Good working in Samsung TAB3
"Most recent" feed misses posts, notification alert goes off then when I unlock my phone there's nothing there to say that I've got a notification, I have to go into the app manually and check there.
Gmail
its me
It won't even let me download it to my phone
Zone
Love it Facebook
A new world
Roopesh
Ok app
Been on fb for 7 years and for a FREE app, yall are doing just fine. If people were more grateful than hateful, yall would get better ratings.
Good
Worked fine until recent update, if I go onto Facebook 4 times during the day I have to 're start my phone each time because it refuses to load any data
quiet gud
(Y)

Maganda tong gamitin kaso ang prob matagal siya minsan .   .
I want more friend
Bad update
Nice
Its a great app to use constintly
Love it:)
Face
Use is run it
fast loading...great
Da book is life
Ya
yes need improvement
Why i cant update facebook .im so tired na .
Diko na alam palagi nalang update parang wala naman nangyayari
App to use. Easy to use and find family and friends
Video chat
Easy to access Facebook nw. Liking it a lot....
Could be better. Photos don't load well.
When its time to update it says error code 960 or 922 please fix. Past couple of days haven't been  able to update
Was ok before keeps crashing at times then goes to pages that I don't click. Hello fix it.
Very Good
This is very excellent app
Cool
V
its so bad
Love fb
Tells me FB isn't responding all the time. Super frustrating!!
Come on with the timeline I lk to start fr the beginning its all over the past now I go online to get on fb
Quite Fast! But drains battery more faster, still there is no copy text option -_- plz do remember that in next update
B
It doesnt wake very well in my phone
Runs slow, and crashes every time I try and use nearby friends.
Keeps crashing and facebook not doing anything about it..! Videos don't play all the way through, keep getting sorry unknown error...
Cant tag people in the comments and can't always go to my notifications bar
It.
Facebook
Mengapa aplikasi Facebook terlalu banyak data? App ini berada peringkat pertama dalam jumlah data. Aplikasi ini juga membuat battery perangkat saya cepat habis. Fix this!
Won't let me download for about 3 days now.  WHY
Nice
(y)
Very nice
I loved it
Every time i upload a video this app always spaces out.
good apps easy to use
Hate it since update.
Thank you facebook you are my super star.
Its ok..
Nice app
Good
Video call not possible here otherwise it's good
Superb....apps
What's going on with facebook for the past couple of days I haven't been able to play any videos.  I keep getting an error message.  I've checked everything on my phone and everything is good.  Can we get this fixed.
Nice
I like facebook. Excpect for the glitches.
Worst

No.1 social message application for Facebook
Essayer un peut d'all¨¦ger votre application et vous aurait vos cinq stars!
VERY SO NICE!
I
Awesome
Gudone
I like it
Nice app
Yeahhhh
It's really good
Downloading process is taking too long
Min.Roka
Please shut down fb :)
I just like to use facebook
Wont let me open my page at all keep getting an error message
what more can I say. it's an app.
loser
It is a very useful version. .....
Very bad better go back 2013 Facebook
Fc
Why do you create stupid updates ???
It too good application which help to connected with friends and family
Beautiful ..nice. Apps
Very good socialnetwork....
Download face book
Nice
Its fine
Program freezes as soon as you log on.
Hang after scrolling halfway.  Every time encounter this problem! Please fix!!
not the best anymore
Good
Guy it du u fg
Everything works perfect except I cannot load videos anymore it just tells me that an error happened. Please fix!  My videos played fine until I downloaded the newest update. Fix and I will give it 5 stars. Thanks
Nice app
Tururu
Very good.
Hebat
Sna
Nice
I like face book
70% of videos stops a couple of seconds in giving me an error. Everyone concerned about privacy should check out the app TextSecure.
Meh
Good
Still can't view "most recent" posts, and now my news feed is freezing.
I love Facebook
Very easy to connect with friends nd family
Very better
Usefull
Awsome
So many many users of this app u know this.thats all.
Please bring back the unfollow option right after we accept a friend request. It's hard and slow to go to a person's profile to unfollow him/her.
Awsome
Permo
Faster
I HATE HATE this latest update!!!!   I want the option of seeing post by most recent, not all over the place!!!   PLEASE FIX THIS!!!!!
I KEEP UPDATING BECAUSE I HAVE SO MANY FRIENDS THAT I'VE HAVE KNOW FOREVER..THIS IS HOW WE KEEP UP !! ** BUT **  FB DOES MESS UP A LOT..IT'S NOT MY PHONE ..HAD IT CHECKED OUT & IT'S ONLY 7 MONTHS OLD !! SOMETIMES IT WON'T LET ME SEE OR HEAR VIDEOS..MY FB JUST STOPS & HAVE TO RESTART IT AGAIN.. SOMETIMES IT WON'T LET ME LIKE OR LEAVE A MESSAGE..I AM SICK OF SEEING ERROR. !! I CAN BE ON ANYTHING ELSE & FB IS THE ONLY APP. THAT FREEZES UP !!
It always stuck
Can't get the notifications
Please update a new category in search engine  and add strick mode option. we are MUSLIMS and have some issues with vulgar content which is easily available on facebook.
bo
moi toi lag
I can't install Facebook since the update... I have 7gb of free space. I cleared my cache... Same issue.
It's ok sometimes it has a hard time loading post but for the most part a good app
Facebook is good thing and bad things also.
Eh.
When will i get the Option to Upload full Size Profile Pic on this freakin FB App ???
SLOW !
I like how this app can give you any notifications you need or have and even reminds you it's someone's birthday.
Very nice and reliable
very nice app I loved it
Pagali.
Lah meureun
Everything works perfect except I cannot load videos anymore it just tells me that an error happened. Please fix!  My videos played fine until I downloaded the newest update. Fix and I will give it 5 stars. Thanks
Great app
Excellent

On every update application size is increasing.  Also the runtime memory is is too high. Currently it's taking 52 MB. Make change to reduce the memory usage.
Won't upload pics! Stop with upgrades...your just making it worse!
Thanks to Facebook
Dhfjakkakskvn
I cant update every time. Everytime i am uninstalled and than re install this app.
it is user freindly
facebook
Duper hit
I would have given. Facebook. 5Stars but I complained. About a advertising. I thought. Was rude and vulgar and they. Failed to remove. It. It still pops up about. Mechanics. Screw good and all that junk. So I am giving. A not so perfect. Rating.  Great. Way to stay in touch. With friends. And family.
Why the hell it not showing my active frnds in chat list??? Fu*** creators
Nice
Need improvements in using data sizes
But bade
This belongs to me girl end you know it
Complete but simple
Fantastic but slow speed while logging in
Nice
Owesome connection..
i want to download videos in facebook but sad to say it couldnt. Pls. Can you fix this so that i can save videos on my phone.
Cooo
Ok
Hiiiiiiiii
Always crashes
Hi still da same
I'm able to see my grandchildren who live far away
Facebook ima need yall to fix your log in and connection issues its been 3 days n i cant still log in on my account from my phone and that's never happened ive have Facebook for a long time please fix thanks
Great app.
Facebook says there is an error trying to get on and it says i should uninstall and reinstall it on play store. i did it twice but no change. whats happening?
Good
When I try to tag friends on posts it doesn't show everybody now since this last update.
56
Love it
Only one star!
Not download this software
Sometimes the app stills show old posts
It's okay 3star less
Ok
I've it
I like pie
I don't like the video option. I like how it would let you use your own video app. Now it's this lame built in video viewer crap. Chaaange it baaack.
Facebook I my life kind of but I love it all the cool pics my friends post :)
I never wanted to get messenger yet Facebook is forcing me to download it. Please update.
Its all good
So bad
Ajay malhotra
Good
You wont me to give you a code I dont have a code and im not going search for one
It would be better if the app could be installed in the SD... This is a bad app..

Fun
Excellent  Nice
Facebook
Bacolod
Fantastic
5 star foryou
Good tool
Its cool ight bit it gets slow so uh
My. Love
App crashes when trying to see who liked a post
App has a nice design but is too heavy on resources even when not open.  Caused system crashes & phone reboots. Uninstalled, just need a lighter app. Used on Motorola Droid X2 w/CM 9 ROM.
its a great app must download
It very good version
perfect!!
At times it fails to show pix
Cool and simple
It
No comment
So you update the app but don't fix the crashing issue. Deleting
Please fix
Having trouble updating it.
Aswome
Need fix won't play videos why fix it thanks
Magic application
Best app
Its Cuul but little bit slow
The only problem I have with it is it runs slow sometimes
Like everyone else says it sucks!!! Facebook has changed so much in recent years...not user friendly...not secure...not the same. It use to be fun to go on Facebook, not anymore.  Until you fix it (put it back to the good old days...something better then now that's for sure) . I'll stick to Twitter...at least I can tweet and do normal things. (Twitter hasn't screwed their site up yet)
Booked
Its okay
Very slow
Nice
It keeps kicking me out when I'm in chat
Very gud
Need more changes
Nice
Number of notifs on facebook logo is not showing i.e. As per how many new unread notifs i have for the facebook app.
Needs to be the default...DO NOT like top stories, which most are OLD stories. PLEASE put MOST RECENT as default, then I'll give that other star. Thank you!1
I really wish that you guys would go back to having people's birthdays appear at the top of your newsfeed cause I always forget ones I'd love to say happy birthday to and that feature was so connivent.
I love this so much! Lets me keep in touch with family, and i just think everyone make an acount it is so worth it!
ËØÇç¤é¤·¤¤
Rahul sen said that very nice to give message video etc
cuz I can't download videos,,, fix it & I'll give you 5 stars
Not bad
I Love It But I Would Give It A 5 Star If My Messages Were Seen Faster
I love facebook
Always Messin Up My Phone Doesn't Work Right
Very slow!!! Takes an hour to update!! N takes alot of tym
I cant scroll on my news feed because the app keeps freezing, then reloading without being commanded to. Very unhappy. Fix bugs and maybe if I'll change this rating.
Changed my vote due to fixes.
Crappy crappy crappy. Not even downloaded & screwing my phone up!
Why can't we post on a friend's wall yet??
Extremely annoying how it now randomly reloads and jumps back to the top of the timeline. Forever losing the place I was at. Never to be found again. If I wanted to see new stories, I'd have gone up there myself. Remove this annoying feature.
Cool
Evrytime I try to play a video it says "an unknown error has occurred" every since I did the last update please fix as soon as possible
No problem
Poor
Good
pow jubo kAmbing
The more you updated it the more will ruin your life ;(
It always seems to constantly log me out when I am always log in, please fix that
Very bad
i love my stuff ..
Takes up all my memory. Deleted
Nice but equal to whats app....
I hate the fact that i see very old posts and bearly see new ones


Awsom
Facebook is not workibg perfectly
I like it.
Friends,  this update is just amazing with brand new look like never before!  don't go on comments here, use it and make a conclusion.  it's super fast on 2g network too! Thanks Facebook Team!!
(Y)
You make things easier but I have a suggestion. Can you make it more lighter app?! Because some part of the this app when its updated the bigger data update, the heavier its usage. The result it could be the shall should force to crash due to its low memory usage. Or even you could reboot the phone in order to use this app again!!
I want in my news feed recent stories not top stories, please add this feature in the main news feed.
Hell yea too Facebook
But main problem is, it takes too much space on my device ....its original size is only 23.59MB but when I download nd look at it in my settings, it's 102MB. .how surprising!!!
I would give it a  zero for my phone if i could
Hai
Its an amazing app i can lije the pictures without open it wow! :*
Nice very nice
Great .... i love keeping in touch with family
my app
You dont need to find another social media app.
Thank
Cant open it on my phone
Dnt no why bt my fb a/c getting logout again n again....repair it.. :@
Facebook
Facebook requires optimization for this version of android cause it frezes this beautiful software and when checking the progress on the notification bar while uploading a video it freezes fix it soon recent update sucks its not working fix it or I'll uninstall it.

Excellent
I giv 3 stars.fb went wrong..always error
love the best social media app ever helped out a lot of people what they want to communicate
Haven't gotten the new update.
I've downloaded it previously, and now that I've gone to reinstall, it says, "Cannot install error -24".
Grrrrr
It is good cuase u can still look at video
Its very good appp for android
love it its perfect.
Love it
Keeps closing down every time I try to get on!
Galaxy tab 3
Facebook
Every time I scroll down the news feed, some stupid video that people are posting starts playing!
cool app
Each update continues to improve this app.
Like it.
I can't believe that instead of making this application better it's getting bad, bad very bad. Can't play video because the application crashes. The beta alpha 15 was way better than this version
Time pass
Sup up
Turned off post notifications but I still get notifications from the post.
This is very Awesome
Its good because it has a new update you can talk to friends you should enjoyed this app
Health
I like Fcbk n is 4 everyone
Good
Awsom...
Facebook
Eats a lot of memory......
Yes.
It didn't works !
Not bad
I love it
Hate it
I don't want every video loading and playing without me clicking them all I can see is my data usage going through the roof
I cant get on fb without it being forced close! I average 2 times a week maybe 2-3 min if im lucky. Ive uninstalled reinstalled & powered off & back on...ugh FIX IT!!!
Love it
Fed up wid this app everytime i try to open this app it gives an error pls fix this problem soon:-\
I dislike that in the news feed you can't get the most recent stuff you have to go to most recent. That's ridiculous!!!! Your news feed is suppose to be the newest posts!
Best thing
This app forced me to download messenger          plz fix this problem along with call quality
Pure garbage.   This latest version doesn't even scroll properly.  Every 3 swipes of the screen and suddenly the app freezes for 5 seconds.
I can not upload my pictures nor update for the last 3days.  Sad face
Supper
Duplicate? dont understand . .
"Recent Stories" are hours if not days old, no matter how many times I try to refresh. Annoying! Get it together FB!
Now i am useing s2 this app crash after some time plz fix this problem plz plzzzzzzz

Ok
Best way I know to keep up with multiple people all the time
There is no option to copy text from Facebook to use in other applications.
An unknown error occur while playing any video.
The app has no value. I deleted it. You can still view it from a browser so why waste space on your phone?
swamy T Harish
Awesome
Lov
I like it too much
I love it facebook thanks cuz always made my day
Is not workking my phone.please give me vision 8.0
Freeze and still loading.
Jari
HAD THIS APP THEN IT STARTED MESSING UP SO I UNISTALLED IT..TRIED TO REINSTALL IT AND IT WONT INSTALL AND GIVES ME AN UNKNOWN ERROR CODE "-24"....WTF????

For some reason I am unable to share a post from my own timeline. Also if the option to share is available I a unable to share to a group, page, or a friend's timeline. Lastly I cannot search my friend list. The only option is to scroll.  Pls fix.
Install
Fucked up the news feed, now I can't choose most recent.
Love it
Tiz app soo damm coolll....
facebook
This is the worst update ever. Why do I keep falling for this garbage?
Link to all face books
Its simply just amzing
But the thing it is taking lot of time to crate new acc
In this version there are many bugs.  Friend request and notification are every time still seeing even though once opened. Instead of increasing performance of Facebook, it's decreasing day by day. Do something best and innovative to stand first.
Dobra je aplikacija,ali jako cesto zakucava i generalno je spora.
I cannot enter the facebook page even using chrome and other devices. Please help. I Tried to reinstall, still not working!
Too large Mb makes my cp internal memory full..many requires to be update.. Not good ....
I like fb less than whatsup.....
I love it so much dont ever delete facebook if u do ill die !!!!
Its a good app. But cant play videos on it..... i need to download them first n then watch... it takes alot of time
Inam
Oooo
assefa
Kiran
Starting to get to big.. i downloaded it at about 40mb and now it is 170mb.. everytime i go to my apps and storage it is even bigger.. not really sure why it gets SOOOO big.. i can understand at most 10mb,but an extra 130mb is ridiculous..
Could you NOT show a preview of your FB inbox messages. An alert message, letting you know you have one, would be just fine. Thanks, in advance.
Time Pass
As soon as I open the app it closes automatically!!!....I have even tried reinstalling the app bt no response from the app!!!!!
Great
Do not like it no way ok
I think it has improved a lot and works a lot steadier. Thanks
Its awesome
Excellent!!!!!!!!!!!!!
William
Sexy!!!!
Functional
good guys
Its use forever
Now there needs to be customized privacy on the app. Where u set it on who you want to see ur post. Thx
I have reported the same errors for more than "three" months now and not a single update has been issued, my Sony Xperia z1s freezes when I scroll past videos or try to play videos its gotten to the point where I literally have to use my internet browser to get on Facebook will somebody please fix this issue because this is ridiculous.
I'm install this version. But I m not satisfied. Because  it's not a good.... But old version is very good and nice.....
Super
Keep crashing whenever I play a video
Why Is it that the apple facebook app is SOOOO different. Did you know you can post a status and block certain people to seeing it and android you can only do it by the groups you have. Wtf!?
Facebook app
Nothing
Say i phone 10 times then blue 4 times then post this on 4 apps then look under your pillow
1. Need copy paste option and 2. I cant see each and every notification...I also reviewd my account settings but everything is fine there....Please fix it............... 3. Add reply option in the comments section of the page's posts!!
ok
I can't download it :/
Useless.
It's freezing again, everytime I try to use it freezes again, totally and utterly sucks! Can't do anything, why even have an app where you can't do anything? Fix it!
I live it
Good
I will give 5 stars when you fix the news feed back to showing recent posts by default... am so over having to change it to most recent to actually see the timeline properly!!!!
For only a few days I started to see in news feed posts from people that I don't know.Instead of seeing what my friends are doing, i keep seeing what they comment or like to their own friends.You even put the "add friend" option next to their posts, which I find very annoying, because if i need to add someone, i can use other ways like 'friends sugestions' Please change this asap, I don't like my news feed to be invaded by strangers, it's very annoying and I'm on the point of closing my account. ;)
Its ok
If I could rate it zero stars I would. The app keeps shutting itself down. I can see about five posts before the ap crashes. It is horrible!
Singhsjk @gmail. Com
It's perfect....
1 star becaise always bugging the apps,.I try to uninstall and download right now if have a change.
Plz remove some bugs!!!
great!
It won't let me view my private messages without installing the separate messenger app and I don't like the messenger app. You should let people use a built in one like on iPhone
I loved it
Shiiiit
Love it  ..
WORST!!!!
Hate new update. Cannot open mesaages or notification. And data usage on this app is outrageous. 2 GB in one week is insane. This needs to be fixed or I will uninstall.
Pictures are not loading on news feeds.  Just a gray square trying to load but nothing happens.   Worked fine before so must be due to the most recent update.  Not enjoying Facebook these days.   Please fix.
Applications are invited from candidates who have
Better thn using browser to look at it
Kewl!!
Facebook app it's just  a perfect way to long in to this wonderful social media.
after updating it start to suck
Facebook app by android
what is new
Good
Get to to talk to all my friends
Fix the news feed time i want to see something new not 7 hours ago
Its ok
Interstng
Its the hub that connects the world so u have to update
They keep trying to add new stuff...but problems are we get. Ever hear of the old rule..."If it ain't broke, dont fix it"....come on guys....stop listening obama the human jackass. Hes broken enought stuff on his own...dint let him screw this up too!
Plz give an option to move to SD card
i lovr you
Never glitches and it plays and sends any videos and loads any pic in 30 or less seconds
Ok Super
Won't download. Error message popping up!
Wish I would've never updated this app. It's atrocious!
This is the only app on my phone besides stock apps at their original version, and I can't update, too large! Let me put the app on SD!
Liked it
Da shyt
Ashish
Please repair immediate and i'll put back again FIVE STARS...
Wait/Report/Ok
Jejaring sosial iki jan uwapik tenan lho Le... & Nok...
Its good
Very bad now...
ranna
Crashes every time I load it.
Its not as good as the browser
Ok well its an awesome social media awesome job. But theres been some hacks latley if u havent noticed, and they get your info from an Unofical site and almost all my fb friends have fallen for it. They send me messages like; "omg are you mad theres photoshopped pics of you." And "dude theres free ipads just log in here!!" Just pls try and fix this iv been trying to get the word out. Pls and thank you!!!
Simphiwe
Looooooooooooovvvvvvvveee it
Es lo mejor para divertirse y enterarse de todo.
Wael moftah
Enjoy!
Why does Facebook need to read my text messages?????
Since February updated can't use my favorite video player because facebook auto play all the videos. hate it.
Do not download this app will freeze your phone and make it lag real bad...smh.....
Awesome app
Good morning
Can't play YouTube video though the Facebook app on the Xperia Z2 fails constantly. I hope Sony are working on a fix.
Just awesome download it except the fact that when u scroll through ur news feed and go to answer a fb message it loses where u were in ur newsfeed
Good
Then 5 stars for sure.
Better
Wow!!!! But add Video Calling
Excellent
Terry Merry
Error loading news feed of  fb
FaceSpy aka Facebook continues to pioneer new lows in privacy violation and manipulation straight out of a Cold War spy novel. Soviet spies would have drooled with envy. Strongly recommended not to use without a strong containment system to hold this virus, eg a custom ROM with Privacy Guard or similar protections against this virus. Unfortunately FaceSpy remains a necessary evil due to it's popularity. So strong counter measures against this evil corporation are strongly recommended. Do not trust them.
IT
Meery
It's pretty good on the S5 but frequently freezes and I have to restart the phone
Cannot load news feed nor notifs. I tried using web but didnt work also. It says bad IP address. Fix it please
It's not bad
This version made me mad of facebook .. all the time crashing works for 45 seconds max. Then crashes .... what a hell !!!!!!!!!!

Good
Best social app ever
Slow
I love  it
Thanks for all the advertvertisements (sarcasm).
Its ok
There is a big difference between the website and the app: the app is more crammed together. For those who are more familiar with the website than the app, they may have trouble using the app when the controls are simpler and less straightforward. EDIT: The new permissions that the update requires--reading your texts and sending emails without your knowledge--have kept me from updating the app and have caused me to lower the rating.
Life
It keeps saying there's an error when I'm trying to log in.
For about a month now, I've been unable to play ANY video on Facebook. I thought it was just my phone being stupid until I read the reviews and saw that others are having the same issue. I have done all I know to do: uninstalled, reinstalled, restarted.. nothing has helped. I get "an error occurred" EVERY TIME I try to watch one. Please fix this problem!! Everyone posts videos these days, I wanna be able to watch them!!
Like it
For a BRIEF moment I could turn off notifications of individual posts. Now, I'm back to getting notified of every single comment following mine.
slow on viewing photos
Totally unstable. It says 19.7 MB size and after a while get up more memory up to 120 MB. and risen. in just one week i had to uninstall and install again to keep in touch with my dear ones.
I cant install the app on mi phone it tells me that a code 24 whent wrong
Facebook keeps pausing sometimes when I go to watch videos & After I watch them. Can U Please Fix it!!!!:-(
#ILOVEYOu
Super loved it
After update it came with many problems
Facebook fast
Takes forever to load. Can't see images at all. Getting close to deactivating my account. What's the point if I can't access fb on my phone!?!  Loved the app before. Please fix and give a new update soon.
Arelia Miller
So bad
Easy way to surf for cellphns
Congrats FaceBook team. You have now made the app work well. Just a bit sad that it eats more battery than streaming HD, playing games  and having every service known to man running. After the update my Note2 has gone from good battery time to less than 15h just running mostly on standby.
Please get rid of that dang like button on the messages. I have sent my friend five likes on accident already and it's so annoying.
Awesome
Been two days now that my news feed won't load. Really don't want to uninstall and reinstall every single time I want to get on facebook. Please fix!!
Love
:-)
R exchange hhh c c.f.xk vn

great
lovely just lovely
Boleh la

it's loading long time with no feeds
How do we enter password l did a new account and it still doesnet work
Facebook is awesome you need internet though which sucks but its still a pretty. Good app
Omg it just perfect
Why is my "most recent" feed not updating.  And why can't I have that as my default feed?  You don't know what I want,  Facebook.   This version needs some serious help.
Selamat menyambut datangnya 1syawal 1435H ,,Selamat Hari Raya Aidil Fitri Mohon Ma'af Zahir Batin,, Taqobballalahu Minna Waminkum, Qullu Aamin Wa'antum bil Khoir, Mial Aidin Walfaizin.
Facebook. What ya expect
66854292
Doesn't work anymore.
Just love it!!!!!
Only
This app is awesome i can chat and play videos
Luv
facebook again^-^
No puedo reproducir ningun video de YouTube en  FB
it says, "Sorry, an unexpected error occured. Please try again later. ([1]) API_ERROR: API_ERROR)
Facebook
Ecellent
Because through facebook , I can view someones profile to know him/her more :)
This app consumes a lot of battery's energy fix it please and I will give it 5 stars
Not working now.....whats up with that....was good till update
It needs too much memory and and it  gives a msg to force close app
Facebook
This is a very cool app because you can talk to your friends
Hate this app, but need it
The app is indeed helpful, but sometimes it has problems! Just fix it :) tnx
I can't download videos. So 1 star is enough. If it will be updated so i will give 5 stars
Cannot play video for more than 5 second
Can't rotate the pic
It always says error loading news feed and a lot of videos wont play
Like
ultrafast
Seriously everytime a new update of fb comes it takes in a lot of memory rite now its 90.87...make it short..plsss
He'll yah
Love dis app... simple
cool
Developers update so often the news feed doesn't work very well at all anymore. So many errors loading I have to force close and restart constantly.
Nothing works well now ; (                  I wish I could uninstall and go back to the prior version. Very disappointed and frustrated... too many problems to list. REALLY SUCKS!
Once I was trying to update facebook i've made mistake, the facebook didn't update there was written uninstall,I uninstall the application when I chek from my fone there was not an applocation.then I try to download but it didn't just said that ur pakage file is invalid and some time there was an err downloading facebook err> (927)! Then I left to download I requst to the developers or company please fix this problem! Thank u!
I hate facebook... so I hate this app. Plain and simple.
I cant download it! Grrrrrr
cool
the notifications are not working
If I could give it no stars at all I would ! It won't let you do anything!
Ubos memory ko teh!
I can get to all my stuff easily
I can never use this app. every time I open it I get an error code, won't refresh or anything
Constant crashes; UI becomes completely unresponsive and fails to work after several minutes, even after using the task manager to close it multiple times. Happens completely randomly and I have to spend at least ten minutes of constantly force closing just to fix it. It doesn't fix itself without force closing either.
Lovee it
I used this app in my s4 n it was perfect now in my s5 n its super perfect srry i have no words to say
Good one but old version is much better than this. ...
Mine works
After the latest update the app does not open. Please fix
And it's only getting worse.
Slowing down my entire device
Zbrdst
It always works and I'm always using it!
This app uses a lot of power on my phone and I find it loads content more slowly than other comparable apps. Performance should be fine tuned at this point in this app's lifespan.
FB IS ONE GOOD WAY.
I think they should make it so that u can send videos as message to someone
More innovation that's all we need
Love it
Yes fix it Mr.Facebook i can not log in in my web.said warning i download first the cookies why.?
Hmm
Nope. Nope. Nope. Run.
Keeps force closing and totally not diggin the news feed. Please fix.
Nice app ... Really i like it .. New version of facebook really Good........
Well it seems to be working better now!...Just a 4* though because the "continue reading" button is so small...if you could fix the font on that i will deffo change to 5*...Thank you
Sweet app
It's been 3 days and I still have not be able to log onto facebook. Even when I try on the web or Google chrome. Fix this please!!!
Cause i can
When ever I close Facebook  get a full screen ad Sometimes. I just want someone else to do a better app than this one.   Iphone Facebook app it's way better.
I don't like the new updated versions!!! Even when I click current newsfeed  it shows everything but current things!!!!!
Awesome
Enough said
Facebook the best
Cool way so spend time
Still have a huge issue with that setting. Also, a lot of my pays don't show up on my profile but they show in my newsfeed. WTF
It's just amazing. I'm happy with this update cuz it's running butter smooth on my Galaxy S5 without any problems as other people are facing with news feed. Keep it up Facebook ;)
.I cannot hear videos since the last change. I have a Samsung. Can you please fix this now?
Conny  rodrigues like  Facebook
It is good
like it
Very slowly.. i can't photo tag..
So I updated again, of course just like last time,  now it doesn't work. Nothing ever loads. Comments...pictures...pages. It blows.
Poor Updates Old one was far better
. very good fb :)
Slow and freezes takes ages to load a comment or load a photo waste of time
Videos won't play and the news feed is just showing stories from yesterday or the day before or the day before that! Fix please! I want to see RECENT stories. NOT Old ones.
Simply best
Top show it's to good
happy
Muhammad Fazal Khan
50833206
Today it just started force closing. Please fix
Stop messing with things that aren't broken! Now I can't even scroll without videos playing.  Whether I want them to or not!  Now I have to keep back-tracking to turn off a video that "accidentally" played!  VERY ANNOYING AND INCONVENIENT! !
Every time I try to upload a photo in the comment section it doesn't post. I have to try more than once for it to be posted.
Works great
I get bad battery life even if I root and use apps like Greenify. Please fix. Battery life should not be draining as much as it is without me using the app.
Not bad
Good
EXCELLENT.
'
Tooo slow Facebook for mobile sucks it deserves a -7

This amziing
Move App to SDcard, please. Motorola Droid RAZR Maxx
I love it
no one like u in this world
Nice
I <3 facebook
As good as it comes on a phone lol
Facebook
I like it
Can't sign on my phone, keep saying error!!! Since yesterday
Awesom
Keeps saying this application has failed.  DROIDX
The best
P
Nice..
Facebook
P
wao
Facebook
Sometimes, the comments repeat themselves. Also, the videos don't stream in high quality like in the iOS version.
Stop putting people I may know in my timeline. Is there a way to turn that off?
Akabal
Worst version to date never let's me play videos error messages everytime I open a video
I'm mean its amazing but it takes up to much space
Kuratz na becyclu
This app is really great: )
Facebook is dead

Error message comes over every time!!!
ya
I have no access to facebook account no matter what i do this app won't  work ugh smh please fix this app ASAP
Love it
Otherwise i will rate 5 star after downloading.
Lawrence
Loo
nice
Wow
good able to talk to my family
Very good
suck
Is very good
This thing is draining my battery out
Now it's working , thanks
Pretty crappy. force closes alot. Some videos cant watch.
Freezes all the time, needs to be fixed.
It's all i do.  I love to ignore my wonderful boyfriend, "Jamie".  He is so sexy!!!
Thanks for the fix
but still have many improvements to do.
some times it dont let me log in and ya need to add something new its geting wack
I love facebook
Awesome
Playing with phone/int.apps can make majic touch feeling sensitive field decisions wondering where to move in to the next wi-fi hot spot . Here get it together.
Takes forever to load and takes to much memory
A great great app
Bla bla bla
Easier than accessing on web! But has its bugs, need some more attention to it instead of frequent updates
LOVE this app people u will regret if u dont
Its gd
If the nearby location would continually work then it would be much better!
The new update is pretty much good
I've tried resetting and reinstalling but still doesn't work please Fix this. (I have a HTC M8)
Ok
I liked the old version better than this
Still does not have the option to change the view of the newsfeed. I would like to be able to view MOST RECENT. This us very frustrating!!
..the ability to report individual comments for spam/racism etc, since both of those issues are a big deal on Facebook. Also the ability to reply to a certain comment is needed. You could do that in a previous version so it doesn't make much sense that the ability to do that was removed. And the latest update says you can turn post notifications on/off yet I cannot do that. Pics load slow even when I have a full WiFi signal or full reception
Everytime I open up the Facebook app it closes automatically. I've restarted my phone, I've closed the app and tried again,I even uninstalled and reinstalled the app, yet nothing seems to work.
Hated it Disliked it I'm OK Liked it Loved it
cant even download this it keeps throwing up error code -24 please help!!!!!!

My mom has it
Love this app
Good
It doesn't work in restricted WiFi like in colleges n offices
Cool
hmmmmm..
Afta the latest update,  i cant even watch a single video more than one minute  -_-
No but I'm on this side thoughyttrrrrzrrrrdsyrrxzryxt
Samsunngs3
I REALLY LIKE THIS
Nice
Very nice
Good luck with a
im from iraq this application very good
Love it
Fun
Best,kdg2 sekat gak
Number one
Nice apps
Excellent
..Please add the ability to be able to move the app to the SDcard.  Samsung Galaxy Note 3
The app is totally good but the problem is that when i open the feeling tab it asks me to choose then after choosing any kind of option it closes and come to the main screen.
I just created a new account yesterday . after I logged out , I CAN'T LOG IN ANYMORE . please fix it and I will gave you 5 STARS
Can't stop
K

This app has gotten much better over the years. However, it plays videos on the news feed by default which eats a lot of data. Make sure you turn that off.
Why this app needs my phone number and my call history totally baffles me. that's just Ludacris!! They are not the NSA!@!
So No longer can we arrange what posts we see first. I'm not a very popular guy... I went from 3-5 likes a post to absolutely zero every time! Please input option again.. people, help me!
Still No change in upgration...
Facebook isthe best Facebook
Fabbbbbbbbbbblous.
Sabelo gumbi
I love it cos its faster.
Can't play videos on Facebook!
Getting better
it doesnt show onlines
I'm sure one day there'll be a class just like AA for facebook addictions! Love fb it keeps me in contact with family and friends long distances
waw c'est bon
Everytym i log in it tells me 2 look f&de update f not able 2 go out f mi wallpaper unless i log in,tacs de most of mi data,airtym&battery put i still do like it hope dis issue gets solved quickly,can't save videos 2 my devices,pls fix it
its needs . Reply comments
Y cant select to view recent posts anymore? ? Bring tis feature back pls..
Memang best
Hallo
Love the Android FB O:-) Thank God for mobile on-the-fly FB surfing ;-) i pray i dont get too addicted tho B-)
Ur app have a problem fb app automatically close and now I can open my id automatically sihlgn out .... this is ur problem fix it
Everytime im trying to install it say package invalid
Dont upload v¨ªdeos. :/
Nice
Facebook is good but sometimes it won t let me log in
Hot
ya
So  paeerf
Ya dig
Great.
Deoria sadaar
Layan
First version needed
Hmm, scrolling is not smooth at all, way to jumpy for me on a nexus 7 with 2gb of ram, would prefer recent posts first not the way it is now, but the scrolling is really annoying
Facebook app on my phone keeps kicking me off... this has happend over and over again... I will put 5 stars when you fix that. Thank you.
Good
Fb for new era
Sometime he did not responce with my phone.. Suddnly he exit his own
See above title
Wonderful
Slow loading won't let me share my page posts or page directly to another page.
Dear sir,From few days I try to suggest u bt today I have  time to say.App its ok bt take more time to open wall or anythng else.If u give copy paste option in app then I and also all give five star.So waiting for your changes.
loud
Right when i switched to Metro PCS my facebook has not been working. Won't let me post, or refresh my wall at all. I will give you 5 stars if this problem is fixed. Help me out FB! Thanks
Its ight
Love it...
fb is like my 2nd breath
It is a very good app I just don't know to much on the setting adjustments
Good
Good
Facebook rocks!!
Issues with watching videos, they say error so I uninstall and reinstall but still same issues please fix
Good
It is better then the normal one
Keeps me in touch with family & friends
I can't appriciate but it's ok...
It from lagging but ist still good.
Boy's
App was working great but now it's not deleting posts I've deleted. Keeps saying something went wrong. Pls fix this.
Thank you
I don't feel comfortable at all with all the permissions it's asking to use. Read my texts and emails? Are you f-ing crazy?? I won't have this sh*tty app that lags and takes forever to load invading my privacy on top of what it already does. It makes my phone bloated and it I can no longer comment with pics. The recents are awful its always the same thing, it doesn't update. This app gets worse and worse.
Awesome
Ok
Omg what is there to complain about .....oh thats right ntn
I hate the new update of the program because of Facebook Messenger. I do not use messenger please remove this program from the external shape of the letters FB . I can't send any email to my friends on face book
Facebook is awesome
But not bad. :P
Very nice
The social network
- Not sure I like how Facebook can monitor all my actions while the application is open.  -Cannot manage photo albums like you can on desktop need to remedy this feature.  -After recent update cannot see the arrow or check mark notifying you that a person has received your message  Nexus 7  4.3
Great job
Bloated and memory hog!
Bug ...exit automatic when i press notification icon
Too good
same problem wont let me see videos
What is going on with this app? It auto updates to latest version that I absolutely hate. 1) cannot change settings to see most recent posts. Instead I get posts from weeks ago. 2) I now can no longer uninstall facebook from my phone. Im curious? When did Facebook become Fedbook?
Works well

Okay so I deactivated my account for a few weeks due to personal issues. Then I got it back to message friends and because school is starting soon. I liked a few pictures and then my best friend posted a pic of his dog and I tried to like it but it would unlike it and say "Blocked: This action is reported abusive and is otherwise unallowed." What, I can't like pictures anymore? I'm about to deactivate again and uninstall permanently. (Mobile app user. Android.)
Facebook
Seems to be a little quicker than going through google on this phone.  O(¡É_¡É)O
90
First time i downloaded this app it was like 22.5Mb but after a week the app almost reach 100Mb i was shocked to see the increase in size of the app. When i clean the cached all the important files and recent chat history were all remove. I was totally upset
Love it...
Takes very memiry slowly i creaseemir
Awesome!  Cannot live without it my only complain is that it keeps saying no network connection when my network connection is working
But it's been freezing up lately on my S3
I wish Facebook would develop an app worth installing... I'd give it a zero but then i wouldn't be able to rate it at all... Very disappointing...
Good
Since update keeps freezing. When I send a report that also freezes. Seriously!!! It takes up so much time to force close and re open, its not worth it!!
I think make better and make error less new update...
How to download video frm facebook ......there iz no option :-(
Best social site ever made
Mst zbrdst...
I love the apps...
I like this ¥Ä
Who can live without Facebook
It's a great way to stay connected with family around the world
I have the app and if I click on anything it looks like someone drop the phone off a building and turned it on. What the hell is going on
I hate
Continues to go back to my home screen.
Love this
Great
Asmaa maher
nothing change still slow .. please improve and update
Good
No
Uses good mind
Just install n hav fun
No919
Nice
its dosent install properly
I love it mwwaahh
Videos won't play on my HTC M8; seems to be a common problem

__
Awesome
Best of the best.
I wish that Emojis and Facebook Emoticons will clearly/graphically appear in Status post.
Jupy jupy
Gud app
Badd
We also want Most Recent on the main news feed back!
Used to be great, but now fc every time I open it!
I love it
Ohhhk
Cool.
Error in playing any kind of videos
Excellent,Usefull for everyday activities.
Its so slow and it won't work I have to uninstall and install it again
Tidak dapat di muat turun akibat ralat
Does exactly what you want it to. :)
They freeze after a couple of seconds and only audio continues ...
Gud
Crashes too much
This app works smoothly
I had no problems until i was forced to update the app. Now it glitches all the time, force closes and stops working constantly. Will randomly exit app for no reason at all. Not being able to change my newsfeed. Its ridiculous. Facebook needs to get it together with all these unnecessary updates. I would never update it again if I could get away with it, but FB will force the update. How are you going to update an app with all these bugs and screw ups that clearly need to be addressed.
Just having problems with tykeisha hacking into my page I keep having problems with my password
Facebook being now part of life
I'd be happy if I can change my name. Please make that happen :)
All good now works great
Izhar hashmi
Since the update, I can't get anything to open (comments, pictures or updates)! Giving 2 stars only. Please fix and I will give a better rating.  :-(
computer teacher
I just love facebook.
I really love the app but there are some things I wish were added or fixed to it. For example I created a large group on the app and the settings of the group for new members must be approved by administrator (me) and I want to know if new members know any current members in the group before I allow them into the group. Second example is that I want Most Recent to be the first thing that pops up or opens when I open the app. I am one of few who prefer Most Recent to News Feed/Most Popular.
please make smooth .fix this problem :(
Nice
Iloveit
Facebook. com
Great way to find ur lose ones
Excellent app...
Connect with family and friends
Can't play videos,every time i play videos it stop's.Fix it please
Super
It force closes over & over & over!! I can't even use facebook anymore! Its horrible & if I uninstall I'm stuck w the factory version. I hate the past 2 updats
Can't see my post or anything FIX PLEASE
cool app
I love it
Awsum
Slow access unable view pages
Yuck old status/ old news still stuck in my newsfeed grrrr .... Remove most recent in tool ... As smartphone user our screen just 4" - 6" why u still show up TOP STORIES that WE DONT NEED IT, WE WANT LIVE NEWS FEED NOT TOP STORIES!! Pls BRING BACK OLD LIVE NEWS FEED (jus like FB 2004 - 2009) in desktop and android version!
Facebook
hemant Sharma.
Great app!
Good
Can't wacht videos. Am late on verything. Am going to stay with Twitter no more Facebook.
Doesn't run on my phone after last update seems to require more and more space after each update. Tryingto get it to run on a HTC explorer.
This is a very nice fechers and so many all pepal expiration thank you
Great

I
Iop
Ninja
I dont wanna update it i dont have enough memory plz fix the bug and i will give 5 stars thanks for reading
Luv this stuff but it loses a star because it crashes alot
Meh
I like
After the latest update, I can't share posts in a private message !!!
Unable to stream videos
It is good

Good
Sucks I have to use an app because your mobile web page is crap.  How hard can it be to change your cover photo.
Works superb on s3
plz give one new option in your next update,block candy crush saga request.
Nice
Nice
I can't  upload videos without it freezing up, and then freezing the rest of my phone up! I have to delete the app for my phone to start working correctly again!!!
Fb app really needs and update I am involved in other fb groups and just realized that there is actually an "other" messages folder that can only be seen through a laptop or computer not on your fb app. That's a bummer :-/
Nice
Cool
All of my friends are not listed in the drop down option when tagging. Also can no longer tag group member who aren't my friends. Please fix!
Awful i tried to log into my other accout my i changed my email and everything and it says sorry please try again later when i try to resend the thing to my email so i can verify it and i keep trying and got no luck would really like some explanation or help??
good some time
Hetal
It's the best!
Good to know people n find family
Top stories, how about you let people decide what they want to see.
Whoa!
Required more developments
I hate the new facebook and how you get everything on your timeline erased from a long time ago.  Take the effing thumbs up off of the messaging after you hit send!!!!!!
Its not letting me on my app or metro web fix it please
Very nice app
It never down loads no matter how many times I try it doesnt load
After new update on my phone, I only get three to five posts at a time. Then it will kick me out of FB. Between this and unable to view most recent, this app has been removed from my phone till otherwise. I have uninstalled it several times and have turned phone off and on. I even made sure the task manager had nothing else running.
I love Facebook. It would be 5 stars if.uk.could watch videos on it! Lol also y'all need to update this app to a better version, go look at meet me. Their.setup is pretty cool.
Its really improved
Pake tri dpt gratisnya fb-an. Lumayan lancar. Update terbaru lbh cpt? Coba dulu deh...awas kalo gak :D fb android gak bisa copas? Hmmm melelahkan jg hrs buka dr browser dulu....
After the latest update the does not open. Please fix
Facebook
Meh
As it's good to keep ur loved once closer but i don't think so that this is an only way to do that.
Consumes too much memory
It keeps showing post in my newsfeed from 3 & 4 days prior... I want to see something recent...
Its ok but I have tried to see my page still it didn't let me
Sweet
Good stuff
I love facebook
Love it 
Love the improvements
Sangat baik
Happy to have fb
Thanksssss
I try on app and on chrome or even My own internet but it doesn't work or even start
I hate this app it always hangs and closes by itself,two day now I can't see my notifications.
I get error and it asks to log in every time I open it. Sometimes everything goes ok and all of a sudden it showes message that time out - login again. I also tried uninstalling and reinstalling but it takes lot of time to download and reinstall. Very very slow. Needs improvements to speed up the process.
;
Siddarth thakur
Facebook <3
Video calling on facebook is not support
Very Nice APP
UPDATE: Works much better, since the updates. *****  Horrible. I keep getting error messages & profile pics show up empty sometimes.
Nice Application ......
Great
Now that I have updated facebook it will not allow me to watch any videos plz fix the problem
Facebook app
Olive Ingram sadlon
Cool
Awesome app
Nice
I like it because its doing very fast
i love facebook
The latest update makes the app crash more frequently and more bugs. Fix this.
Mile stone of relationships
From what I been reading this app sucks due to the new upload. Well mine doesn't even allow me to log in at all, can't press any buttons at all....
B.Boi Camara
Whatup super software it realy super
Facebook app is amazing instead of looking it up u csn judt go to the app annd it shows the friends list
Kia ap mere friend banogy.
Asome
Just love it
I cant make video chat
Everytime I'm going to post, fb will redirect me on my home. It's really annoying. (Tho it works when ur going to post with a pic.)
Hebat
Wahid
They fixed the problem of pictures not loading, but now the app massively drains batteries. Uninstalling AGAIN.
Video stops after some interval
It does not let me play videos this last few days need to be fixed Asap!!!!
I love it app.............
Liked it
Facebook. Getting. Lil boring
I really love it
Use 4new app for Android phone lunch try again latter .
To many ads and can't keep up with things cuz the feed doesn't show all
Superb
Wt a nice
Such  Brilliant
Beautefull app
Wont show option for recent posts
Iloveit
Facebook
Ooooooh.....pleas fix it quickly no one want 2 see old news....its so suck
nice
Cant log on because of some security issue please fix it because ive went to my carrier and they said its not the service its Facebook
It dosent work always conection lost when i try to sign in
Get Facetime for Android and it will be worth 5 stars.
A lot quicker than going all over the internet
Not good
Nice app
Facebook
I liked it's new one. Easy to navigate fb pages as well
Connecting people
One...
Excellent
A lvlyy nd social app fr mobile..!!
Nice
Woogeh
Good
I would have given 5 if its performance and ui were good. Hope to get a better update reg performance.
Dobro ide za sad
I like Facebook
No comment
Noop
I like it
Hi
I love Facebook its really great
Good App.. But need new updates for video streaming
Too much laggy.
So Nice App
It was working well until the last update...now, it's slow and clunky and keeps force closing! I'm starting to think you morons will never get this app working correctly!!!
Bullshit
Excellent
Foolish those who dont like this
Need many changes
It wont allow me to log in on the app and when I try to log in from chrome and metro web it doesn't even load the dang on page.. annoyed with it all.. please fix this it has been 4 days now and still same thing.. smh
Its app going bad day by day.....v:-
Facebook
facebok
Good
Super
Not good its not working properly
Facebook is the greatest  ever!!!
Good
Plz fix it !
but it takes lots of time to load...
Hi
Battery consuming but gud
Its not letting me log in to facebook keeps saying error try again. Can you guys please fix it?
God
good job
gud
I love the updates y'all listen to the public but can y'all hear me out I don't like how the videos auto play and when I'm trynna scroll down the thing freeze for like 20 seconds.
This is my life thank you
Comment
Very bad
Awesome
Why i can't install this?!!!
Can watching everytime
i like this.. even im not online.. it keeps informing me.. for new message..
The Update is better then past updates but i still give it 3 stars they need to make it more fun
New update is completely unresponsive on my lg optimus g
This app a time pass app so I rely it also mi frand
Cool app...its fast
best
nice
Very good app
good o my ghots
Always.....getting better...Yes...thanks.....likes+++++
Every time I try to see a video it says error. I uninstalled and reinstalled but I still can't see the videos. Please fix
Its ok and easily accessable
I cannot upload pictures sometime pls fix it
It's sad how it crashes more often the more i update..
Bc
Really facebook is not working good at all these days..and it doesn't work from.mobile at all
It Works Iight it Juss ain't Nunn Tahh Bragg That Highly On
Goog
cool
AssalamuAlaikum
Liked it but ur older feature was quite good in People u may know if u select one name n go back again the list refreshes n start frm begining ...Plz fix ..
Too large in size doesn't have to be like this..
I can't re download the app since I deleted it plz help
Great
Hyderabad
New updates had fix everything and now facebook is the  greatest social app ever
Good
Since updating I cannot tag the people I used to tag.  It shows only a partial list of people....do not know how to fix it
Not able to play videos through app.
It's slow n can't play video.
Awsome
Baaaad
App crashes all the time and takes forever to load anything
Facebook can use ever bit of information on your phone and now can record you using the microphone on your phone. NO THANKS!!
The new version didn't work on my phone keep sending report but still the same..1 stars only..hated it

Ak
Forever!
Get it it is amazing and make new friends
Five star
Ok
very slow full of lag.. load pictures are very slow other browser are better than fb android...
Gooooodddd
can you please introduce an 'unlike' button. for those unlikable posts
I like it
A taaaa wali siraaaaaa aplication aaaaaaiaa.download krlo
Keeps freezing knocking me off it
It keeps opening pages from days before when I click on current status... kinda annoying considering I'm trying to do something very time sensitive!!
Okay
Vry nyc app
Facebook has not worked for me in 2 days it won't even work when I got to the web
fix it...
New genaration hitler
Like a bosd
Its gd
What happend.. I go to facebook and it got me out. It wont let me go in. That sucks. Plz fix.
Facebook
:-)
Can not downloads face book pic to my phone getting feed up BIG TIME
Lovely great app
Fb its better & safer with the new software...

I <3 Facebook
Nice
Aysel
Asmi
After upgraded  the apps, stuck. Uninstall. Now even want to download also cannot.
Very easy to use
I think if it was my child I would huge it It is so nice to use
Not sure if there is a way to delete photos in bulk instead of just 1 by 1. Because it takes forever. 5 stars if ya handle that. And I also agree with the videos not playing error sign.
I love fb vvvvvvvvvvvv nice

Cool
Birthday's unknown
There is one major problem that I am experiencing right now. I can not comment on people's post. Even if it contains no profanity but Facebook still doesn't allow me to use my freedom of speech.
Nice
Khup masta
Facebook
Poor app
Tired of peoples s**t getting hacked and then getting harassed by the person who's hacking saying there's terrible photos somewhere. This has happened to several friends on FB. Fix your s*it or I'm done with this app!!
its good but sometime unfortunately stopping .what happend I don't know
I can't able to upload photos from my mobile
you can find new experience with this app
B
Battery drain
I can't even watch any videos and I hate how it automatically refreshes the page after just like one minute.
Excelente
Love it
Best time pass ever

New update gives unresponsive scroll. Nexus 4
Can't access pokes for some reason
Nice
Scrolling up and down is a lot better. The only thing that lags is swiping left and right
Awesome
Super app
I cant install it on my phone. It keeps on telling me that I have insufficient storage but the fact is not. I erased everything to free my space but it still saying that I have. Well i tried installing others but it did, but facebook didnt.
It's become even smoother and more  responsive to the touch after the update that's what i've been waiting for a long long time.#ART runtime#
Zabrdast reader de... i like it
Everytime I update this app. It increase it's data...
Download at 6.91 Mb and two days later its at 15 MB.
Nice
Its a great app I love it
Excellent
It's great options
Muhalla shankar nagar bansi siddharth nagar
Good Apps
Meery
So nice to have this app
Goog ggggggg
Too bad it cannot be sort by most recent... have to go to setting all the time...
Junnn n in.  Juunn
To make a good relationship.
I hate this app
Awesome
I like it 
Very good
can't  play video......& takes much place
Seing after update insufficient storage is seeeing
This is an awsm app for my s4
Love it
I updated my Facebook , and now my Facebook is in code .
Imtiyaz
It's a nice app
I luv this app.....
Suddenly won't open on galaxy note 3
very gud
I Loved This App....
No point have the option to switch off notifications if it doesn't bloody work.
I like Facebook a lot. BUT I hate it when, I scroll past a video. The app just freezes. It gets very annoying. & Then when you see a video that you want you watch the thumbnail turns white, like wtf? I'll change the stars, when it is updated so that the videos work properly! 
Love it more
deep well
Won't let me watch videos says a unidentified error has occurred!!!
This new video things sucks. I dont need videos to play within my feed. Whoever did this is dumb and is ruining FB. Might have to uninstall and stop using soon its too much B.S. every update. Your making it worse for us Zuckerberg
Facebook is cool but u cant play vids so download adobe flash player and flv video player. O-o
magarpun
Ok
Wobderful
Nyc aap. I love it.
U
Sheila Jo Roque
Facebook
It takes up to 71mb. Why? Shouldn't it be deleting the cached files?
I love Facebook. .......
I  love it.
Hai
Gdfhr
Great
Not good
Gud
Sometimes it shows forceclose
Johnnymauro says it is not the same. Junk !!!
Good
Great
facebook

Amazing app
Ok I must admit im addicted to fb the only problem about it,it just takes up to much space and when I want to download other games it says a storage unavailable and that is really irritating so I  recomond u to fix this fast thank yhu
i loved the new version but i seriously regret that i updated my facebook app. ever since i updated. it drains too much battery power.. last time i checked, my battery percentage was still 53% but my phone automatically turned off, when i opened it, it already has 1% battery left. please fix it.
Facebook
Great..
mgmgnyi
Crashes with no reason..!
Not too many problems
Goooooooooood
FB slow!!!
Bagus..saya menyukainye..Best
Qwe
Error while installing..
I am having this problem with my Xperia Z1, that I can't play videos in facebooks application correctly. I am able to watch a video for around 30 seconds before it stops the video and shows up a message, saying that it was not able to play it, because of an unknown failure.
Very nice apps i suggest all fb users install this app
V good
Good
Faisebook
very nice smile..........
Can't even download it!!
I love fb
Very old type app there is no newness in app so boring and irritating
Love it
When trying to login from my mobile phone it says login error can't connect to server, every since I updated this appt, my phone carrier said that facebook has a security block. I can go on every other site except facebook..  Please fix
Im like The page...
Kereeeeen....
Loved it

Facebook
This app sucks!!doesn't work on my phone
Could be much better.
Not even worth rating...
FB will only stay open for about 5 seconds, then close on my Samsung Note 2.
Ek number
Fantastic
Too good
That what I want to fix, for now I give you 4 start!
Good:-)
Logger
Brill x
Best
The last update made it so laggy.....
Its better than the fake ones
best chatting app
very nice but use now
Every time i click on the 'world' Notifications icon, it takes me straight to the same old post of mine & i cannot get to any of my notifications/comments! Its been doing this ever since the day i updated so i have to use my internet browser to stay up to date on fb bc its not functioning properly since last updating! Ive been using an android phone & the fb app worked just fine before... ugh frustrated!
Abdul
Superb
Very good for sicial networks
I done had it on every phone and I love it
Neat
Oooo to
Like it so semple use
Sumtym its not working properly
Totally waste
My Facebook app is completely gone from my phone but shows that it's still installed. Too many problems!
So good
Facebook
Can't play video
Iska koi jawaab nahi
Lovet
Very gd
Whiteside
Its good app but in my cellphn its doesn't work for log out my id its problem for starting all fb app..
Its normal app & too slow to load & it always closes so please speed up the app&solve the closing problem then it will get 5(*****)..
New version very slow & poor operating technics. This is very bad for FB team.
B B
Hi i am unable to view the videos on FB, when i click on any video the app is getting close. But previously i use to watch videos without any disturbance.
Urgh! :/
Nice
Its super
Gr8 app
Update fixed everything! Yay!
Mehmed radmilovic
I cant upload my videos , thumbs down!!!!!!
Saya suka apply ni
Easy
Facebook
why can't be downloaded the videos people shared?
Facebook gave me the opportunity to be connected to my family and friends, being human gotten more fun! Peace DJ Wayne Romany
can't save pics
Good
Top class
The app is very good, thanks. For Android is cool
I liked it but sometimes it won't let me in and it makes me irritated
Cool
Nice
I.like the app. it's good, but unfortunately I always have problems playing videos. It takes like 8 or 9 times of tapping the video to at least play a brief second of said video.
Facebook is the devil.
It is wonderful
Nice!
Version 7.0 is much better. Pls return it!
Like
Shitstain app froze my tablet twice now. Lern2suckless
VIDEOS NEVER WORK!!!    n'Too many permissions needed! Really guy's?!!    Your app always loses important stuff too. Copy/paste/edit is so glitchy it's impossible to use. WHY DOES THE BACK BUTTON EXIT THE APP,EVER? & I hate that everytime I do exit, it reloads upon re-entery. Even if only left for a few secs. & we NEED auto recent feeds. I also have to use my pc to use most of the customization features in fb. omg, the app limitations are so extensive & there's no more room.   Srsly until fixed, minus 1000!
Seen it somewhere and its cool unfortunately it somehow can't download on my Android.
Its all screwed up smh
Ok
I am a beautiful person. I am
It's just ok
5 star
This app is getting slower and slower with each update. It takes FOREVER just to look through my news feed. I don't have time for it so if it doesn't get fixed I will delete Facebook's LARGE app and go to Instagram like all of my friends are doing anyways!!
It is a good app but it was very slow on my phone. Sometines it has to be force close it. Please fix it.
Addicted to it
Love it
Best app to talk to your friends
I have excited with friend Clarisa Velopcia
Grrrr!still not working.always closed unrespectively,i dont know why.it stop my browsing.pls fix.tnks. Annoying!
good , fantasy
good
Facebook
Helpfull for something
Bugs
Works good
Frequent crash and restars
Keep up the good work. Looking forward for the next update.
Facebook
app slow hangs
good
My posts are not updating anymore. Its frozen on lastnight. And my internet is working
Always freezing up now. I thought it was my phone but I just bought the new galaxy S5 and it is still doing it. Store says it's FB. Pease fix this.
Jamie labua. Add. Friends
B
Remove bad things
Excellent
Update good
It keeps saying an internet connection problem check your service, but I can log onto YouTube, so I know it's not my internet connection, what Facebook doesn't want me logging into their page no more or something? This is really frustrated because it's been a week since I been on Facebook! So please Facebook creators let me log back on Facebook so I can see how my friends are doing.
Ilike this hu la la!
Keeps me in touch with some good people
This is bullshit
The new version is slow, worst and crap :(
New update won't let all my contacts sync.
Love lov
sucks
Its a prdtty nice app.
Helpful
X videos
Old version was better than new version
Reset my Android to factory settings now Facebook won't let me log on from my phone. ... this glitch needs addressed .
Best app
(Y)
Really wish the news feed would display stories in the most recent order instead of that "top stories" nonsense.
This app is cool because there's alot of information that gets shared on it.
Keeps forcing closed, freezing up, & showing old posts instead of most recent. I've had to uninstall this app several times just for it to work properly for about 2 days!! Fix it!!
HTC One M7
A light weight version is absolute requirement
I cant play facebook videos.....

The newsfeed didn't accurate or arranged properly you need to fix it and the timeline when you update your picture it didn't show on my timeline what happened?
5 star its ok 2 me! _____ Amiruddin tak sunat!
i like this app very well thanku so much
Its ok
FB is getting worse, i tried and kept on updating my fb account coz my news feed didn't change for 2days, after updating it the result was still the same, "insufficient data storage available", although i have had deleted some of my apps but same thing it didn't work.
Love it
Eske bare m kya kahna. Sbko pta hi h. Kai bar to ye partnr ka rol krta h.
Needs update, alot of errors
Nice
Yes
Better once...
Should be able to update it when you want to
Fb is ok.
Its easy to use & very functional.
Its nice
Superrrr
News feed sucks.
Love this app easy to use
pretty good
Too many updates tho...
Please fix ASAP...ty something is not good here.
not working in my nokia x lewa rom plx fix it
Bht chutiya sociel site h
I love it . I like fb .because this is main type of waste time and enjoy
Whenever I want to chat with someone, my friends in chat list are all offline but I know that they are all online because I see they post, comment or shared a post everyday. I'll give 5 stars if you fix this
Nyc
need exit option..  new tabs.  back button..
Takes big size on phone 65 mb really make it smaller and I ll give it 4 stars
Will not let me play videos after I had update
Good
Its always force close and sometimes, laggy . I don't have a problem with internet connection. uhm . Problem Scrolling. Takes TOOOOOOO much space . When Updating, It says "no more storage space" when i still have 200+mb . Wow . Please fix it . and one more thing, Hope that we can customized our New Feed,like "Newest Post"
M
Please fix!!!
Like
Superb
I love this app
I cannot log on
I can't install Facebook please help me too install but it is downloading but i can't install
Very good communication app.
I LOVE the new updates, I like the fact that now the search button is always there, and it hasnt force stopped or crashed yet. But I suggest being able to edit the album titles AND descriptions....
Yes
Fun to reconnect with old friends
Excellent
Dentar
Runs your data like crazy. Other than that its ok.
Yeah
Best so far
Facebook app
Not responding in samsung galaxy
K
Not receiving any notifications on my phone
The new july 22 update is a lot slower at viewing photos, comments, pages,  and news feed compared with before...AND NOW IT'S FREEZING ON ME!! PLEASE FIX!!!
Facebook will not let me log in from the app or my internet. Please fix asap!
Third class app
I love you Facebook
I gavee iy 1 star because when I want to download it it say inffuciefnt place but I have a big memory nla bla bla bla .......
good
Freezing
Great games
Md Akram
It keeps showing old NEWS FEEDS.
Gulu mulu app just superbbbbbb.....

Why the hell this app can't show indic fonts while browsers can do it (4.2.2)
Jack
It sucks!!!! Doesn't give any notification :-/
So good!
cool
Very excellent and brilliantly app
P
Nice app ever
Please keep us updated
Facebook a good app
Love it
There are no downloads what's going on
This is very bad
Nice app ever. It help us to stay near to friends.
Awesome
I cant down load Fhotos and text copy.
It asks me to confirm my email but then won't accept the code it sends me.
hello friend
Very fast Facebook I like this
Poor
Ramesh
The option to write a status isnt in the groups I am a part of.
i like this app.... out standing
Good
Great
Everytime I logging in, it's keep shutting down on it's own, please fix it, I'm using tab 2.
More good .I can find new ideas in it! More Friends more fun
Slow loading, freezes up constantly
I am
Sending a video through messaging results in an instant 'failed to send' message, even when internet connection is good.
Super
After the new theme came, it was all well laid out and stuff, but the problem is, the images don't load! That's why its a 4 out of 5!
Fix it! Cant play video on Facebook using my Z2!
Good app. And its obvious cause its Facebook!
With this little features, it can be of size 7mb.
Great

It's OK but I can't play videos
Muy perro ....
Love it

Sfazar
Slow missing settings
Needs to be fixed , that last update killed the app it will not refresh to bring up new post. Will mot stay connected to the internet
Not playing videos
goods

can you please make facebook be movable to sd card . please .ill be happy and contented if youll do.
Great
Jaisachidanandji
Very good
Nice
Himo
Please add option to download videos
Rajesh lowanshi
Very good
The new updated version sucks..should be my choice how I want my facebook to look!
I have a samsung galaxy s3 with metropcs service. I have done everything possible even a hard drive rest and I cant access my fb at all without WiFi..... all other people's phone work wit metro. I can enter ig Twitter ect. Why cant I access fb? Plzz fix. Ty.
facebook
Very good
Easy to use and I have almost all I need.
super
Every time that you click on a link for an outside website (say a quiz or an article or a YouTube video) or you reply to a message or you click on a notification, then try to go back to your news feed, it will start you right back at the top instead of the post that you were last at. It is very frustrating! The one on my Apple device doesn't do this!
Cool
The updates are moving in a right way
Awesome
Boy lisa
Huge battery drain, according to wakelock detector, phone stayed awake 55% due to facebook and messeger
Previous version is better
smith mari
Nice @ good
I don't need 2 apps, one for facebook and one for messaging. It used to be good. Now it's broken.
Yo yo
This app getting updated more frequently. With every update the ram that this app uses goes up. Now its almost around 50Mb in background. My suggestion is that if they can develop a light weight app(witch uses less ram) would be ideal for all people uses old phones with 512mb or less ram.  This matter is not applicable for IOS phones because they have optimizes it for their phones to run smoothly. I wold suggest you to the same thing for android users too.
I installed the latest update. I wish I hadn't! It runs so slow. Won't load pictures and videos... Frustrating... I can tell when it's time to up date because the app stops working properly...
Good app
Facebook
It use to be good but updates killed it
love it
I love it
loveing it
Facebook
Gud
Love it...
Facebook this like, all people u facebook from places.
Love u all
Videos dont work
New version slow
Facebook rocks
Amazingg
Cant play videos
App takes up too much space to be, having all these errors, facebook force close not responding FIX it already WTH
Love it
Mast
I love it
Whats going on?
If i updated the fb app on my fone, was it going to log out? Or still online?,i want the answer right now coz we need to avoid that account from logging out coz we didnt know the password
Why don't have add photo in comment box.why i cant see post.....
Zabardast
Its okay. Sometime slow, sometimes fast.
Its slow
Ok
super exelent
Loads too slow
Please fix asap.
So what's with noy being able to watch a video?
Thank you
I can't play videos anymore with the latest updates! Fix this immediately!
Great app
It's not downloading
bugs bugs bugs!!!!!
Fun app
:)
Won't let me choose between top and most recent posts. Also won't let me save and share pics on messenger of texts like you cam with the iPhone app. Needs lots of work
I love face book
Just fix it
Tried going on earlier today and can't access my account! Installed update, uninstalled update, turned phone off, took battery out, tried accessing thru Google and metroweb, nothing works! Everything else internet related works except you guys!
Awsum
After the last update I can't even use the app it just sits on the blue Facebook screen loading.
new
Keeps crashing.
Awesome...!! ¡ï
That's sooo goood
Its a very good software the only problem i face is during uploading its offen fails
Good job guys
S O M e ar e bad
Good
No good new version.
Cant able to watch vedios.!!  App getting force closed aftr the update
Good fb
Better
Chat option must be better
Don't get notifications unless I actually restart the whole app and go into the notifications tab. When are yal going to fix this? The app has had issues from day one!
I would give a 5 but now you have to downlod messiger and messinger is crap
GOOD
The bestcarlalgarin
Hi
Like
NO, YOU DO NOT HAVE PERMISSION TO TAKE PICTURES AND VIDEOS WITHOUT MY CONFIRMATION- uninstalled
Very useful in everyday life.
;)
Need a lots of improvement
Not bad
It works, but it gives a lot of loading problems. Sometimes, it won't even let me log in. Please, fix it.
Updated
It won't let me log on the app or metro web and they told me it has to do with Facebook's security and I won't be able to log on until it gets fixed..so please fix it asap..
No good
Works well. No longer causing wake locks. Nexus 4
Nuevo bobby
It keeps force closing and stays down 4 hrs. & u cant switch between most recent & top stories.
Tired of "likes", comments & posts not staying. Nor does the videos work 98% of the time. Updates do not make it any better nor has updating the android devise. STOP screwing with a good thing! >:<
New update causes app to lag
I think its awsomeh
Susiana
I just want to read updates, photos and posts. 120mb is way too much for this app
Awesome app"!!!!
Bhai yeh tw chal hi nahi raha
So nice application ...I like it
But need more improvement
Facebook kind of sucks
Find out frends.
Its nice to share photos with friends
It works fine but It takes a little time to load stuff..
Keep updating
wahooo
Good
Too slow version
it is better than my browser.. :D
Fine....
Supervhit
Go
Hey y'all! I'm a girl from texas and I'm 17 y/o. I love country music, bonfires and rodeos. Want to know more? FOLLOW MY INSTAGRAM ACCOUNT. ashtonleigh__
Good App
Not fully show the text message
Doesnt update timeline. Always showing status fro. 2 days ago even when I select most recent.
it waz fast
India
When I try to play videos posted in fb it closes..I am using micromax canvas magnus a117 android 4.2.1  Pls fix the problem..
Best app. For social network you must download its awseome
Facebook team now is poorer compared to last. Coz its like they updated facebook but then it exits by itself but my phone isnt saying any facebook is not responding, close It now? It exits so i am using web . Poor :P   Fix it and please make a better facebook update.
Sucks
ali
Its the best loved it
Keeps me up to date with all of my friends
App doesnot sync with the existing contacts.. instead it shows all the available contacts in fb separately
Grt app
Facebook  is <3
Freezing up
I already read about facebook can't install on android and I fellow the steps then I tried to install again but it can't install it says ¡°error code during installing"
It's a nice app
It dont want to load after update
Great communication program for keeping in touch with friends and loved ones
Nice apps
I CAN'T POST PICTURE ON COMMENTS! PLEASE FIX IT!
Over it.
Abhishek
Ghatiya app
Its working nice and faster
All in one good
Gun
I uninstalled this app and then I install it again but when I open it it always close and I did'nt use again even I tried it many times it always force to close by its own .. would you fix it that problem right now ??
smooth functioning !!!
Works gud with 3g or wifi............but not with 2g...:(
Boooooooo
I liked this facebook thank you
loved it
Too good
Wow Fb here reading these comments and nothing good.... That's not a good look. Wonder if you guys observing these complaints?  Anyways I had the app and uninstalled it because whenever I try to view my new feed it reverts back to my home screen, plus it's slow and that's annoying hence the 1 start. Smh
Good
Its cooler now and is gr8 but its does not let me share a page or a picture or a group to my friends via private message within facebook. Fix this pls
Yeahhh
Worst for low end devices
Can't play vedio on fb
Nice
Loved it but it is working slow
I lv this
Love it
Videos not play @ last update version 
Terbaik
quack quack
Good
I prefer the old version before messenger.
95363695
The order of my feed?  If I use my browser I can, but the app makes fb control....
Please improve this Facebook app because of too much RAM  consumption to my Android....please I have only 500Mb ram and its full already because of this app....
Good
Fb app doesnt work...auto closed without loading. Fb app also causing phone to hang..Fb app not even open but in midst of using other apps phone hangs and a pop up box says fb not responding.
Its come to a decision that Facebook has gotten out of hand with its updates.
Keeps saying I have an unread message even after refresh and singing out
Its gud.. app
Love it the only problem is that huge size
I think this app is best app ever because it app is  best social networking
I find myself having to use a browser because this app does not support replying directly to one person's comment. If I could reply to a specific comment in the comments section then I'll change the review to 5 stars.
Loved it 
It takes alot of space
Ah Tau NoLy
Updated the latest version but it just can scroll for maybe 1-2 minute(s) in that page and it will automatically hang and jump out from Facebook page. Fix it please.
Super slow, takes forever to load anything even over wifi.
Good
It's awsome
There are some bugs wiyh the new update. It does not accurately show who is online. Please fix it.
i love it! totes amaze!
Just WHY it needs too much space??!! Please....FIX THIS PROBLEM!!
It need more work. Because the notification bar dont update quikly and we must uptade it. So this is annoying. Its was much better with the previous versions but this one is sucks.
It spam me. facebook has stop working . In android 4.3
Wooow update version is excellent
Lola
i cant downlod facebook to my fone, help me pls!
Nyc
Works Ok.  BUT, when I look at older posts and then exit the post, it takes me back up to the newer posts. Another 10 minutes to find the the old post again. Irritating. Galaxy Note 3
A good way 2 connect with people having fun n have a gd tym
everytime I like something, I go back and it's unliked. I posted a comment and it's gone. Wtf
A best way to stay connected to your buddy's
Candy crush saga
Sometimes, after opening a link from facebook, the app again opens from the start, rather than opening from the place where I left! Please fix this! Also there should be a place for tab change from top story to most recent. The function would be liked by everyone I guess! It should be right before search icon. It would look good too, I suppose! Sometimes while using, the logo appears but then it disappears after a second or two! Please fix it too!
Mohabat
I want to be able to add artists to like the pages I create. For example adding more music artists to the list.
wont let me watch fights. videos take forever to start.
So good
Good
Wow
Beats
its OK
Hey FB its Saturday morning not Thursday evening I don't care what you think my top stories are I want to see what's recent. That is literally the dumbest thing you could have added I think this why I uninstalled in the first place and then my FB use went down to once a week. Fix it!
Es una groser¨ªa que necesiten tanto espacio en el dispositivo, que se pueda pasar a la sd :/ Agregarle copiar texto de las publicaciones Y que se puedan editar las listas de amigos, quiero ver lo mas reciente en mis noticiass y no lo que el programa considera que es m¨¢s importante!
Is not that bad ... hmmm it does not work on my phone grrrr
Great
I love it app
vb
To much crap on here it takes up way to much memory on my phone..
So far i love it
Sweet
Awesome!!!!!!!
Its anice aap
Cant stay away from it
Facebook
Facebook  100 *
Cool  because my dragon city now no avaible because i need  my email or phone and my password  for enter and the game but facebook he help me for enter and the game
Occupies 95% space in my device. Plz prepare a mini version of fb.
I
No comment
It won't let me tag any of my friends?
Love it
Nice
It is not downlode on my android mobile samsung galaxy q t589
Just right
Nice
Didnt even wanted to give a star
GOOD
Ok
I lv it,,,, so I will give 5 stars,,,,
I have been a beta tester and it has been a great experience but since the last update to 15.0.0.0.8 the app will no longer open on my Nexus 7! I've uninstalled, reinstalled but keep getting "unknown error code during install: -24". I've left beta but still keep getting the same error message and can no longer use Facebook. Very unhappy!
Pwede bang gumawa kayo ng matinong app. putangina nyo buset!
It always makes me wait so long but this app is so far so good .. Please upgrade this better
superb
I loved
Time saving
Its going great  i love it i have no problems
Update is garbage.
Good
Not very good app
I can't play video on Facebook!Facebook team please improve that.......!
Does not allow to play videos! Whenever we try to play,it will exit the application.
love this app
_|_
I loved it is useful.
Boring
Better Service.
Always has unknown error when playing videos.. Dogshit app
Its great love it
Bogus.
Wow
Don't miss this app so friend download this app and enjoy Facebook
I like u
Gd app... Bt use more data..
It's amazing<3
I love it
I tried to uninstall-install facebook for about 5 times but still it wont work properly. Im really not enjoying this please fix. :(
Love it
Bravo
Because i had download it but its size became of 35 mb
Nj
Sike
1 star until I can watch videos
Works great if you want to use data to see your news feed. Doesn't work with Wi-Fi, this app sucks.
Since last update nothing but trouble tells me all the time error loading news feed would give more stars if the problems were fixed.. Latest update sucks.. Needs to be fixed or im deleting.. After every update your app sucks
Facebook
When i tried to open facebook.. its always turned my fone off... o should i say its always refresh... and that is so annoying... pls.. fix it.. thanks...
Good
How to schedule a post ? :(
Okay
I love it
Why I can't dl this app? I deleted all my other apps just to have enough space but then it keeps on saying not enough storage!
Really its amazing
The post sorting is confusing.  Please fix it. You find a post of 2 minutes ago in the midst of few days back posts..
ji
Phyoeimon
Excellent
home
But a lot more to learn......
Wow
Would have given more stars but I can't copy my pictures to my phone anymore and syncing them from phone doesn't help. Please fix.
Cant play videos on facebook
I like
Awesome
nyc
Now it works fine.  :)
Great way to talk to friends and family. I love it
Wonderful
Coooool
i think facebook is a very nice software bcoz its make me happy i was so boore in my life feeling really not well but now im happy bcoz of fb chats friends calls etc thanks to fb muwaaaaahhh
All people can useing this software.l also continuous useing this software .have a same problem very slow .please check thanks .monir from Bangladesh.
It works so slow with android
Its not  good

:/
Freezes and has to be force-fed A LOT.
yosuf
Can't play any videos, 4 stars less
Goood
Not bad
Awsme
:-)
Just facebook
Sharma
Thumbs up...
Awsome
Nyc keep going
can't mark any important status or post
The only good fact about the Facebook Android App is the fast reliable connection in 2.5G signal range and that's very impressive.
Enjoy photograph's
Cool
This app is crashing like always, some devices are not able to uninstall it, but when its running, it's stoping your device. In case other app needs full internet access and this app is unable to refresh it just hangs your device and crash. Just nice!
Not like befor update cant minuted a comment to pepole
Dowload now pls
Its gOod for leisure time
Top class
Not working properly
Facebook
Osam
Facebook
Very Buggy . Very slow.
Better than old version
yo China
Good....
love
So far its good
It always crash everytime i open :/
facebook
But hard to install. I cant install it easy. to hard.
Nic aap
Kasun
Super
yeah
Speechless its nice and free thanks for making it free
really frustrated with the constant video errors even after so many updates... no one in your team knows how to fix this at all...???
Debat sinar
It takes so long to load and to refresh.. oh please
Ggshihkl
Nice
Fabulous app
Ganda
Very goog
Love
Some may crash my phone
Good
It doesn't let me log in >___<
OK laaaa
I liked it..
m lovin it best way to share ur thoughts n now its available for my andriod n its updates r more better...sumtyms suck but get a new update again...
I dont like this app i like the old one pls fix it
It works good
Awesomen like yo mama
Abbastanza ma troppo lento e scomodo per chi ha un cellulare piccolo
New update sucks...I keep getting two different looks. News feed not current. Share page take you back to beginning of feed instead of where I left off. Still slow or not loading comments or other pages. This app gets worse every time there's an update.
Decastro
Cant play videos in like forever!!Fucked up app totally!!!
Bad look 
Good with a high speed net connection
Everyday I get on to see my friends and families posts because that's what Facebook is for, but instead all I ever see with this app is the same posts OVER  & OVER & OVER & OVER again. You can't just set your news feed to "most recent" then every time someone comments/likes a post it's right back at the top of my feed even when it's a post from weeks ago. I'd like to be able to social network not reread old news everyday. Developers obviously don't have a clue what social networking is for.
Can't get in it that's messed up forgot everything
Saudi Arab
Whats up with facebook? Its keep booting me out. I tried restarting phone. that does not work. Like i can not go on facebook. Needs fixing soon.
Facebook
Fb is great......!
I can find my friends. I give you 5 stars
I love this app, you can post pics right from your phones albums in a snap.  Love love love it!!!!!!
Eversince i updated to kitkat. Everytime a recieve a message facebook crashes
Kumari
Transparent for kitkat please
I can't live without it
Niiiiice
Good. Application
good
Find a way to write a note & share it
I think developer forgot to show blocking option I'll hate to click on  report a thing to block someone lol
love it nice app for chat
Nice
I love it
Vinayak Sharma
Battery killer
Since the update won't play any videos very temperamental and utter pish
Good
I found stampylonghead!
I gave 6 if I could
When i try to clear the search history i have to try it 6 or 7 times before it actually clears.
Facebook
Baddddd...
News feed won't load. It's all from yesterday
Keeps crashing constantly and can barely and almost never access the application... veerry disappointed. -_-
The world's largest likes app.
Beautiful
Excellent
Good  Its the best app
Lovely thng
gud
Its lovely n m loving using it
o
No other apps can match
I want Most Recent as my default. Come on, at least have it as an option to set it permanently as that. Why Facebook, Whyyyyyyy?
Nice .. It amazing....
Great
Fb is very nice messenger I love it
I liked it
OK ok
Face book is a great app...

Ahhhhrrrrrgg my facebook account has been locked for "security problems" how can i log in again on my account help me please
Fix!!!
Doesnt work with metro pcs at all
After update videos shared on Facebook play then fail half way through
Facebook
Junk
Vinay chhikara
I luv this app
Nice
Why,WHY,WHY!
Good
:^
Not good
Facebook
Loved it
Gud app
I love this app
Supaa
Brilliant
It keeps crashing all the time!!! Such a mess
Im barely on so I guess it is okay
Nice
Woodrod flemming
Excellent i would like 2 give it 5 star now thanks!
There is a error it's called 492
This good
This verison is not good bcz when I log in my id it shows just a moment again and again nd shows force close also plz fix this than i will give 5 stars for this app
Just some more features and some more functions are required....... simply improve....... :)
Needs work. I like the days when they had the news feed sorted by most recent. Please fix it.
Its very nice
Excellent
very good app
Lovely and I have been
ok
excellent app
Nice i want gf true love
Just take a look at all the permissions this app gave itself to violate your privacy.  It gives itself permission to access your sd card and delete/ modify content? Since when can a company enter my private sd card and modify things...that's like a company coming my house and taking my possession because it gave itself permission to do so. These permissions are illegal
slow hai app
This app simplifies your social networking habits and keeps u connected easily
facebook
No Problems At All!
Facebook
Good application
Good
Arigato gsu
Only way to communicate
Force closed 4 times since update yesterday!! Wtf??
Stand
H¨°¨°ooooooo
Nice app
Amazing
Keeps coming up with im offline (when im not) it wont load my notifications or news feed.
Good one
Needs to improve.
Awesome
Great
Very good..
Good but do it beter
Good work. Last update freezes a lot though.
Tooo many force closing!!!! Please fix this!!!
Devil
Nice Apps, loved it
nicr
(1)manual setting for sorting pictures in the desired order of the same album
Bad
I have no worries about the install size...problem is this app consumes too much memory!  Slows down my device so much my device lags when running the app and even when I exit the app it  still runs in the background consuming precious memory that should be used by other apps...I even needed to force close the app but it will run again in the background after a while... please fix...I really liked this app back then.
I so love it
goooood
20051991
Best
Best
Muah
i love FB
Very good
but it is slow
Your facebook is logging
but  is .a very heavy app.
Facebook
Manmeet singh Jammu
Dheeraj
Love to use fb
Very very bad app
Awesome
Nice
This is the best one
Crushed randomly.
Love it
K
Not working comport...
I love it.
Nice
I would like to say that about facebook this application is provided for example of their own way to get your friends and energy to use this is provided with your friends and to connect very quickly and easily create your free download and links
Very good app if it used for safe work.
SO Good
Divyadileep
I love facebook
Aak
Good app
Very good
Kfakir
Ah Tau NoLy
i like this app,easy to use and faster!!!
Facebook accessed via browser is faster than this app.
You Facebook is the bast but so big problem .......!!!!!
New genaration hitler
Its very speed and easy to use
Great Social Media
wasana
I love Facebook.
:-).
Latif
Good but the neu look is suck
Bekar hai
i can chat with my friend anytime
Vikad
Not syncing all birtdays in my calendar. i m using galaxy core duos
bakit ang bagal ?! kainis
great way to release tension
this new update really sucks.... every time i check inbox or notifications..... and if i wanna go back..... bloody it closes and i've to start again
Thanks for face book
Keep it up
Too large !! Wont lode my newsfeed , wont lode my Notif. I cant see my fav pages any more.. I dont need this version
nice FB
Its awesome!!
I can't enjoy the videos posted. Every time I try to play it never play. Facebook is no fun to me bc of this matter. Thinking about deleting.
Ok
Wonderfulness
I love it. It's a great way for me to keep in contact with my friends an family in other states..
It won't. Let it installed
:(
Great thing from the other like wahts app or some one but it have not free call oppition to fb friends for free in pakistan therefore i give it 3 stars
Takes up space and does little for functionality.
Birthday notifications is not shown in notifications... I have missed manytimes my friend's birthdays... need improvements.
I like it
Good
Drain high on my battery
So cool!!
Wonderful
I like it
Facebook
It sucks! It won't load anymore.
Excellent apps
Fb nice day
Yes
Not happy with this the old one was too good and this one is too boring i dont like it
NyX
Good..but it have some problem
I love it
Good
Not downloading :@
Love this app :)
But seemed to crash from time to time but still it's great....:)
sai
"Good but not that. Much good
Please reduce the size of the app
I had to  redo my fb .it gets krashed or Hanged.
Good app, but occasionally crashes. Sort that out and it'll be perfect.
Lo
Yang Yang Yang had had had had sh sag sag sag sag wry sh f f f rd ftree huff +(mini Lu Lu
'"Best social network site forever'"
could dev make it as near as possible like desktop facebook. still can't post image in comments.
Vinay chhikara
Just Ok

This is so annoying. I tried how many time to go on Facebook and it turns off so i deleted the app and downloaded it again and it says there's no memory u fuckin kidding me. Can u guys fix it. Facebook is getting worse. ill rather download other apps than Facebook cuz Facebook has too much MB.
God love me
Gr8......
Wooow
very very good app that you can chat or update your on go and very easy to use but still want this app should have option to move into sd card but really enjoy this app
Great way to stay in contact with family and friends that aren't close enough to visit!
It does not work at all in my device.
I really luv this app
Jida
Very slow
Good App for any phone & android
Good app
Not really bad
Updates all the time!  Every time you do one a different problem is created! I'm fed up with huge space requirements, can't play video's, invalid files, and new layouts.  You might as well go back to the basics and start again from fresh! One update a year is acceptable, monkey's can do a better job!
Even though
Love it is app ko kon bakwaas bol sakta hai
Its the best
Love it
If you share a post you go back to the start and have to scroll all the way down again, poor feature but easy to fix fb
Why does it need phone/call log and microphone privileges?
Very good app
Cannot view videos now!? Hear the sound but no visual? Pls fix asap
I didn't like it......I LOVED IT!!!!!
Kool
I like it
swipe options available but there's no notification sound present before
Lovely app
Everything is ok...:)
It was a nice app, but every update it keeps on getting bigger and bigger my phone can't handle it anymore. It makes my phone very slow. A can't access fb on my phone. And it always ask to install the messenger app.
It's a good thing to share activities
It is supr.....
Mine keep lagging and photos stop uploading with an error :(
Loved
Keep it up
Why I have to read portio  of comments few times after scrolling or fetching new ones?
Its not opening plxzzzzzzz fix it :(
I love face book.  i cant live with out facebook
It wont let me in for 3 days now, couldnt play video properly there is always an error. Please fix it. Thanks.
Fast n easy
Its not good I tried to update it but it didn't updated and because of this app my phone is slowed down.....
We can call
Disaster!!!!!!! It came to a point that it became higher and higher of the MB on my internal storage!!!!  please fix this!!!!!!  It sucks me a lot!!!!! Dont update the facebook automatically!!!!!!
Cool app
Updated it and now I can't get on. Fix it asap
Very poor update!
Good. .but it makes lots of problems
Good app. But little slow while chatting...
Cant even update this app...!!
Still no option for "Most Recent' posts as default. I don't understand why you're constantly trying to push old and irrelevant posts on us.  Give us what we all want!
Total waste..
I like it .... Super it easy to connect ...
Its awesome jus download and have fun
It does not play any video over the phone.. As soon as u click the link the application force stops and will have to log in again..
Why this app is 20 mb while when I'm done installing it, it will go at 100 mb. This is bullshit
Getting slow. :/
Bud feature app
It says insufficient storage even though I keep deleting things from my storage
Jaggs brar
I love facebook defo download it  even for kids u can cgange settings to sucure no one can see then anything unless u add them
I like it
bakar
Rapid &. Efficient
Stupid thing never refreshes the news feed
social networking at its best
It is not tag the above 49 friends
The latest version is a mess. I was starting to get used to it but it loads up pictures and videos really slow while my phone is connected to a working wifi. And when i tried to play some videos, it always give me this error occured without giving me the specific error. Please facebook just get rid of those bugs especially the video playback
I'm facing two problems here...  First of all videos aren't playing anymore, Facebook is getting "force closed"  whenever i click on video. Second problem is small icons of profile pics aren't loading...
Allows you to stay in touch with friends.
Seriously !!!!22 mb ...naaaaaaahh... It takea up too much space and downloading process sucks
Superb
Cannot play video. Keep prompting error. Very frustrating. Please look into it.
Good work. ...
I wish there was a follow or unfollow button on the app. Sometimes you'd like to follow a sensitive topic in a group but don't know what to say about it. Or sometimes you leave a comment and don't want to get notified when hundred other's comment and you can't just unfollow... would be handy
User friendly...  But i think it's not a battery friendly app...  But still its nice.
Good and easy to use and play videos very well
good
It's good apps
Nice app
Fantastic ! :)
Great
This is one awesome game I just love it!
I want the new version
Please reduce the size of this app.
Why i can't edit or delete my comment
this app is very good
Terbaik
All is perfect now..... but when i change my profile ....its says to crop and each time it appears new my photo likes also gone.... fix it thn i will give 5 stars...
but slow in my device
Gud
I love it!!!
Asif
My choice
Class
It not supported in 4.0.1. App can't launch... close automatically
Great job
Great experience with Facebook
i cant watch videos. pls fix it :'(
Good
My hats of mark zuckerberg
Ahead of others
I love facebook
Good app but i prefer to see most recent posts not top rated, it isn't as easy to swap as it is on a pc so miss posts. Some posts don't show up at all. But still good to keep in touch on move
It is fun  that we can. Now chat wowww++yes yes
Thanks for Facebook
it's awesome
Fb now on mobile phones are great!
Liked
:);)
I love facebook you will post or anytimes you want
Cant even download it error -24
Shekh
Facebook friends chat
Nice
Nesmem da rizikujem da vidim kako bi radio na android 4.4.4??????
It takes too much space on my phone memory so it always suck and i cant open it , pls make the size smaller , thankz for making it smaller space , but when i open it , it still takes too much memory space , pls fix
this app is getting worse by the day, it looks like the guys developing this dont have smartphones and now it's impossible to use with this security thing you guys added, im on a 4g t-mobile and can not do anything because FB is very slow, i watch live tv and movies at blazing speed but a simple thing like FB forget about it, what a joke
Terrible. Force closes everytime I try to get onto the app. Also I keep seeing the same status' everytime I log on. I don't want to see what people were doing a week ago, I want to see what they are doing now. Fix!!
Wow its nice
Its gd
Fb is ok.
Nice u
Jean gallosa
its great
overall its okay
Awana
Bhanwar Panwar
Super
Its useless. And slow. Browser is much better
Need more officiality and it better to make it offline & user friendly...
Love it
After the recent update, the app hangs quite frequently, especially when I switched back to facebook after switching to other app for Web URL other tasks.
Just OK....still a bit confusing to navigate than before. I can't seem to find my way around adding events that happened earlier than when am posting to my timeline. Can someone show me how pls?
Nice
Fb
This app. Crashes everytime im using it.
Scrolling has always been an issue with this app. Its never smooth. I have used it on 3 different phones. Please fix it. Phone - Samsung Galaxy S4 OS - Android 4.4.2 kitkat
For months now my likes seem to vanish, when in fact there seems to be a display syncing issue within the app. If I return to a post I know I liked previously, but isn't showing that I liked it, if i open the comments, it shows I did like it at the top. When closing the comments, all of a sudden it shows I did in fact like the post and the like counter goes up. Fix this already! A simple bug like that shouldn't happen.
It has become one of the worst apps I've ever downloaded it keeps crashing like every 5-10 minutes it keeps taking more and more space on its own so one minute it takes like 32.45Mb then takes like 70.97 mb PLEASE FIX
Its fine....
But a few minor things to fix.Other wise great
So so
Ok
Updates r gettng more wrse..it hangs my phone wnevr i opn ths app...
heeyy
Best
Facebook i say is better than twitter,instagram,and tumblr,etc. Its more simple and easier to use
Yeah
Ok
It is very easy to axis
It is very slow, hang problem. And have not good features. So fix it.
Siok dApat tinggu amput
If l dwnload then they said no space.aah wht is that.
Not able to play video's though i updated the app thinking it would have been fixed. The app gets closed when i click on video. Please help with this.
Its ok
Good but shud update
Videos won't play and photos do not load and its the same on my friends phone so  3 stars until fixed.
Its exclent app for face book
Me im say is respectful to facebook......
Ok
Facebook is not download in my phone :(
Suck
Faces to book
it downloads at vry low speed

Now I cant play videos on fb too! please fix it! Also I need post                        sorting like it was! but design is impresive.thanks
Well that fantastic!!!!
I've always had Facebook. Its My number one social app and pretty much my whole social life..I'm a very social person. My world revolves around friends, and this is how i talk to them.
Worest
What happened to being able to put my wall in order by most recent? Extremely inconvenient
I have a LG from metro pcs and Facebook app doesn't load on my phone and I can't access it through my web browser on phone either..... Frustrated.......
Very good app
Amazing! :))
The best
Nice but sometimes i cant play videos on facebook.please fix it other than that its a great app
What happen to facebook now?
Nice appl
it just keeps going off. i cant share anything, cant read news feed for a min, without it going off, if its not fixed i ll rate it zero star!!
SmyD
To slow
Cool app
Love it
Its ben good so far but this mornig I went on to check it and it wen on and 5 seconds later it turns off uhhh.... what's going on this has ben doing this for to long come on fb!!
Shalu
Its ben good so far but this mornig I went on to check it and it wen on and 5 seconds later it turns off uhhh.... what's going on
I like this
Facebook
Good
Nice
<3 <3 <3 <3
Awesome (;
Its good.takes too much time to open
There's a update every other day. Takes up too much space on phone. Deleted .
Is it only me or what! I'm unable to save the pictures.Please, try to fix this issh. :)
After sooooo many months, seems to work fine again
After updating the app. It only stays open for 3 seconds then closes.
All features are awesome. But there's just a problem that there are no emoticons in comment. There should be emoticons with comment box also in next update.
<3
Best
People,Places,Games,Music, And Other Fun Things To Do!
Threaded comments are still missing
Nice app
Good
nice working
Nice...but beware of addiction
I don't use Facebook but I can't delete it, all its doing is taking up space which I could use for an actually useful app.
Slow
Luv
I love this fb app
Install now great app even has free call.....but the down side is it dont let you send videos...
Wonder full
Ok
Saya amat suka dengan apps ini.
App needs to be SMALLER!!!
Its not that good when I make a voice message it takes alot if space on my phone beacouse when I was sending a voice message to one of my friends it said that I have to let go to make the message
Needs recent post back and I can't upload videos app crashes and will not let me open it until I uninstall recent update
Bashkir
Can't watch videos here on my tablet since I had an update last. Takes so long to open Facebook on my tablet. Please fix this. Thank you
not bad
Accha hai
I loved it very much
qqq    3. eeeeeeeeeeeeeeddeedddeedeedeedd3e33eee333333312.   q.  dqqqq.   q qqqaz 1 q.      z,qqq ,q " ". d$d$$$.  q      xx  q     x. EEZ !
Give 5 star if it dont lag always !!
Amarjeet
They need to fix it...smdfh
I really miss the filter where you could specify if you wanted you see top stories or most recent.
I open it has an error message.
gersang
Good way to share what's going on.
Excellent marvellous software
This fb app is just awesm..
Cannot play videos
Ranjit singh thandi
Yes
update very good
Awesome
Awesome
Fb is ok.
HKR
Enathuku update kekuringanu theatrical.
it is great as such we can talk to our relatives ........
Aswome
M
Biggiebangz
fudu
I dont like fb -.-
Nothing wrong just 
Its nice & friendly. For us...perfect . I love it...
Awesome app 
Its slow does not recieves notifications fast... And its slow slow... Very slow... If you correct it i promise to give you 5 stars
Nazim
I love it becos---------------------------((((((((((((((()((((((()((((()()()(((((((()((())))))(()(()))))())))))))())))))))()))
But very low to loading
Nagarajuosurisuri
In My newsfeed i can't see any emoji symbols
It is being super slow.! Won't rate till fixed
This is very good app
I want to update
I Love my india
Super!!!!
Its ok
this version doesn't even good , unable to play videos , displaying "error video "messages
I has.....
Its very good aap I am giving 10 on 10.
Very nice
Come on!!!  with Every update .this app consumes more &more resources
Cool app ;)
Pathetic. Using galaxy grand screen goes bkack everytime  signin . Mobile hang until application closed
Excellent
Fix it facebook
Blablabla
Sgs4 - Since the last update: No notifications!!! Timeline is a mess,  Can't see comments, "Recent" newsfeed jumps all over the place and refreshes constantly, despite settings! Please fix!!
Till few months ago I had got pictures which I want by searching the wanted pictures.But now that searching option is not seen in my phone. Please do favour to me.
But not nice
The new format is ok
After few days l back on my fb account and i feeling very happy now.
Takes forever to refresh news feed and notifications...
I lovvveeee FB
AtttoooOoiii siiroiiIiiiIiiiOoo kaimOooooOoooooooooo
It was a good app
Uploading speed is good...I like that one most...
Whatever I can breathe again for me and I'm not sure how I have to say that the last time I have to keep your home or the other places to do this with Harlow and I'm not sure if he were to say that he did not meet Harlow at work
Love it x
Ok
Is nice
ok ok
Keeps you up to date with all the things happening in  your friends and loved ones day to day lifes.
Good for android
Hangs like hell, heavy, sucks battery dry.
Videos freeze sometimes and can't reply to comments and sometimes it crashed
farid
Its ok for facebook
Awesome
Log problems
News feed hasnt loaded in 2 days after recent update to app.
Facebook is pretty much just fine overall, but I have a 2GB Android phone, and people like me end up with messages such as "insufficient storage" whenever I open Gallery, or update apps. I also have to delete all data and cache often because of this. Could Facebook please store less data? It would be a great improvement.
I like this application its so amazing
Nice...............
Awsome
Super
The facebook app for ios and androids google play really does keep you connected with your friends and people you are subscribed to... But I feel it is time a for a new interface again to make it even more simple to navigate through the app.
minhkhan2012
It say error due to duplicate provider authority? The heck...hmmm... please fix my problem
if it get downloaded it doesnt start
Wonderful app
It seems like it takes a moment for pictures to load. There a few other problems, but not worth mentioning. Not good for me anyways.
Its so goof
Insane battery drain on M8!
Facebook!!
Jackpot
error when playing video...always stop at 4 second...and force to close
nice :)
Good Nice
Amazing
No "reply" button for my galaxy s5!?!?!?! AGHHHH
Updates and changes are making it worse. Dont try to fix things that are not broken.
Keep up good works...
Slow
Updates are better than the earlier app
Favolus
FB is the bomb for finding old friends/lost contacts. However, in last 3-4 mos, I have been getting tons of messages/interruptions, reading "FB not responding", n same with Messenger. I did update both to no avail. N while I still love FB, I sure wish it ran like it use to. When it does, I'll give it 5stars again. Oh...n I did report as prompted as u requested...still get same messages! Sorry u guys r having problems. Lord knows, literally...if u tech gurus can't fix it...I certainly can't make it work! Lol
Cant upload videos! !
Thid app was eork property
-.good
Bad download
Love to communicate
Face book
Good
Facebook download
But slow
Amazing apps
Its alright everyone else saying theres nothing wrong with it a I can't even download it.
great app.but y cant i download movies frm it
Y  JH
Very good social networking sites
Good thanks
Holy
Why is Facebook taking up so much space in my phone . It's now 166MB
awesome
Good
Good!
Excellent
Videos don't work properly
Good
i love it
I shall rate this app five stars if facebook optimizes it for low end mobiles and tablets
Ever since I got the upgrade it goes so slow. It was so good for a while. What happened?
So since the updates first it takes FOREVER to load or post comments ir status! When it finally post it doesn't show up.2- i cant see anyone's comments or see mine 3- it keeps reloading while im trying to type brings me back to the top so i have to start all over n that brings me back to 1 cuz i gotta wait forever!  Im bout to just delete this app n do away with fb... afterall whats it good for if i cant do anything with it! Should have went with APPLE!
Mala se traba y se cierra es mala pesima falta mejorar
Video still shows error after new update,,
Who ever "updated" or re did Facebook is a moron, what's the point of a news feed that doesn't keep things updated by recent? And shows how many new posts yet you can't tell wtf is new because it's not in order new to old. ..
Good updates. But i hope the new one will also be good
Takes up too much space on phone!
I've updated my app like 3 times but I always have the same issues! It never wants to load and when it does decide to work its constantly freezing on me... not to mention that my news feed is always the same updates from when I check it during different times of the day... this needs to be fixed asap!!
The app itself is nice and all, but the problem is you cannot exit this app when you don't need it, what if I want to live in peace for a while?  I log off all the time?  It also consumes your battery and memory resources even when you don't want it to.
Must
Big thing!
trying to view all my friends' posts and it always goes back to the top of the newsfeed when updating.. VERY ANNOYING!!!!
Ah Tau NoLy
GREAT app ever
facebook
Whenever I log out then log back in this sync thing pops up and I don't want to sync its a bother and annoying also it logs me out like a few seconds after i log in this is getting really annoying but I'll give you 3 stars because it still isn't fixed but it works most of the time.
Simmons Kaladra
I love face drama friends good way to get in tough with some friends
Nice app
It took a long time to download, other than that its what i need.
It's highly satisfactory!
Love it...
-_-
I don't know these people! Stop assuming I know them!
Nice
Download now!its great
Luv luv
Love it
Must let u clear history
It's good
Use it everyday, love the fact that having both Facebook and Facebook messenger allows you to seamlessly go between the two like they are one and the same.
Excellant
Thx
Every month update..update..waste of time..bt xtra features..waste waste
Good
Love it .
I love  to use facebook
oh my gosh!
Rate
Great
low in loading
Should integrate the page manager as well. Its too difficult to see the insights.
V
Facebook is a grate way to stay in tuxh with the friends family and the world.
Yes
Its Facebook. Yess bitvh yesss
Amazing
Pls. i can't install it.
Need customisation in privacy of posts. Need except option in privacy
Super
Good
I hope who viewed my Facebook profile
Nuff said
VV good

Nice
Its works most of the time. Has its moments when it doesn't want to load anything. But it is Facebook...
I don't like change, but it works ok.
It says I'm in Debolt NE but I'm in Omaha NE so 4
The best mediasosial
The true thing
Liked it
Good
Get error msg after just upgrade from fb.
Keeps crashing After i.post a status :-\ plz fix .
Awsome facebook i like hanging out with my friends and looking at photos
This is a great app.. n now aftr the updates. . Its very easy to use... posting status &  sharing image is fun... from this app..
My news feed takes so slow!!!
Sometimes is slow. Wish they would bring it back so we could look at recent posts and they are not all mixed up.
this app is simply superb n i thank u all the facebook team
I love it
Exellent
Nice application of social media site well done
tan
Fine
Hate the new update. Want it gone
Cool !! :)
Lol
Maganda
Good
Can't edit comments. Basic android functionality, like dragging the cursor or selecting text to copy/paste isn't available. What's the matter, you can't afford to develop a proper android app?
Like Facebook app it says what it does thank u.But need some fixs there's a lot of bugs and hackers so please fixs apps thank you a lot of people use this app and if not fixs I will have to leave facebook
The new version is crashing continuously
Hate the newest update. Biggest issue is that it wont show recent posts. Only stuff from a few days tova week ago.... in random order...
Very good app or new future
Chamling Mridula
Best app ever
Acha hai
M loving it

Main problem is when we change our cover pic from the album of cover pics all the likes and comments gone it is uploaded as new as the same problem with profile pic
This is a lot better than the old facebook
Wtf is dis update?? Cant see the Vidoes on Facebook.. Sudhar Jao wrna Janta Maaf nahi karegi...
So sweet
Batter work
Happy with new updates :)

I hate it when it eats 200mb of ram
I like the new update it makes facebook more easier to go to other things
Luv it
It's perfect apps.
I try to post photos but every time I get onto the photo albums it freezes up and closes down on me..
Nice
I can't download the app to my phone because it keeps saying I have insufficient storage space. On the FAQ page it says that if anyone has under a 100MB then they can't  install the app due to insufficient space. I have well over a hundred megabytes which is more than enough but it still says I have insufficient space so I can't even put the app on my phone. What's up with that?
Everytime I installed it says package file invalid.almost 8hrs trying to install it and always needs to update the apps. Please fix this if not I will never try to install it.waste of time
Better now
I was searching for the Facebook because it suddenly disappeared on the screen but it was still installed. Please fix it! I am begging you!
Force close when i click to open video. Lenovo a560.
#Awesome
Good    luck
good
I like  facebook
I like it.
I cant see nun and don't know how to see things form recent
They ruined this app 2 or 3 updates ago. Why do I want to see yesterday's posts on my news feed?
I am not able to copy any text frm fb and save it somewhere else!
For an Older Version
Everytime i update it keeps on say error in storage ... fix it please
I like this two thumbs up
Badn
Freezes, can't scroll sometimes, force closes, blanks posts. Fix please.
it,$ good,s
Noma xana
Could use some fixing.
Day
Good
Superb
I don't understand. Why is this app working flawlessly??? Plays videos,just like I ask it to. Perfect newsfeed. Great group play. Awesome messenger. What's going on, Facebook???
Exalent
new iim tormentepower  vastrapur gam  ahmedabad
Its let's me text all my friends with no problem
I have a good wi-fi and it keeps saying no connection but when I tap the retry it doesn't work! Fix this! I can't even play music while opening facebook
..unable to tag others while in a group ( not on friends list) since update.. fix it
I can't download it
I DO NOT WANT TO READ POSTS FROM TWO DAYS AGO. PLEASE MAKE "MOST RECENT" AN OPTION.
Its a good app
This is too bad app make facebook taem .take lot of time to open.
Nsa tools
Fair
9ce app
Awsm
Facebook is  good
I like it
On Android L, when commenting, the view has transparent background. Very annoying. Lowering the rating, because Facebook doesn't care about new Android version :-(
merci
Very very lag and not responding
it is very slow....sometimes it doesn't respond.... Pls fix dis
Marching band Wazoo directiion hozanna. In this case do not arm our enemesors ! Make way to wak re land todauy. I.want to experience the Lucas language in vitrotoday.
First Of All It Takes Too Long To Logg In. I Cant Watch Videos. IT TAKES UP TOO MUCH SPACEE!!!!! And Its Plenty Of More Flaws To This App. I Got So Mad I Deactivated My Fb Account Which Was Dumb To Do SMH. But Fix This And Fix It Quickly!
santhu
Love
10.0.0.28.27. version ·Ç³£²»ÂúÒâ£¬ÔÚtimelineÄÇ±ßµÄ¡°about¡±¿ª²»µ½£¬Ò»Ö±Ð´¡°Something went wrong. Please try again.¡±
Facebook used to be so small in size. It was 30mb before but now its 70mb. What?? I have other apps to download and I only have 200mb internal memory. Please fix and reduce the size.
I like it
This is more suitable for connecting people which they are loving together.
Everything Is so cOol.Lol.Xx.¡î¡î¡î¡î¡î¡î¡î¡î¡î¡î¡î¡î¡î¡î¡î¡î¡î¡î¡î¡î
Is good
I recently did the new update and now the app keeps "stopping" at least 5 times a day! The recent posts are still not default which also sucks. The only good thing about it is that I can finally watch the videos.
The new update improved fb a lot. Its nice now. Thanks fb :-)
Fab look...;)
Alot of updates needed but i luv it
Facebook
very nice and good
Fun fun fun
I can't play videos on my phone and it's slooooowww. The update sucks!
Fuk all
nice app
I really hate using this app because it changed everything in your phone smartphone from apps to the other crap
Satisfied
Great app, Zuckerberg, well done. Also, why are you guys complaining so much? Don't all of you already have Facebook preinstalled?
Use ful application
Gud
v good app
Cpol
K
hmmmmmm
Everything goes well.
Punks
Facebook
Giving an honest rating, not because facebook the application itself but the issues with loading post content. Experiencing slow connection with pictures and videos right before and after the update. Thought it was my phone but when I open a browser it seems to load fine. Otherwise this is a great app to connect with friends, family, and people from all over. Thanks.
I like this app
Wow..excellent social network. .
too slow and everythng! can't open my activity log.
Latest update has it running real slow. When typing in comments there is so much lag between when I tap the letter to when it shows up on screen. And navigating is just as slow. I'm talking about 2 to 3 seconds when typing.
Good
App UI is very good.! But when I click on any video, the app gets killed and leads me to ma home screen..  Pls fix this Bug...
I love this app, it does everything great! But.. It takes up atleast 50+ mb!! Ugh! -.-
Baheri
My name is mary and i love facebook N google
Fix the video viewer
Very good
Very awsome
Perfect Apps Don Amaro
I disliked this software
J
love it
It don't work
Great
Facebook is too slow
Excellent
Good
Excellent
I can't get last update got error code 495 with HTC ONE X PLUS
Runs very slow takes up too much space !!! Force close all the time !!!  I hate it ! Would love it if none of these problems existed with it !!!
I love Facebook
Won't let me log in. Other apps working fine but not Facebook. Please fix because I would like to play my games
nanarkar
This application is awesome
Great application
Last update unable to complete,  while attempting to update it says no storage available despite having enough space.

I can't even downland fb and I have the space on my phone keeps giving me an error
I hate this update. Last update was much better. Fix it.
After updating to the latest version, facebook app is shutting down when i click the video. Donno if this is the case for everyone
One love
Mast hai
Amazing and very good pics
Just updated this and now my phone wont let me save app to sd card. Takes up sooo much space. And now when I open the app it just keeps sayin updating facebook buy never loads. And it freezes and i have to shut phone off and bk on. Please get this bug fixed. I really like fb. But just feel like throwin phone up the wall.
Its awsome
Es lo mejor q hay
It's the best.
Dumb....dumb....dumb
A wante to know way tha app forecme to get facebok masenger and plaes how do a log out froum maseneger
Why its not working ?
I don't know about you guys but it works perfectly fine for me....yeah it's probably your phone
Sorry myself so much pusseled with your password quairy so I am not satisfied with your work.Thanks By
Won't update on galaxy s2 please fix this.
Fb app messes up everyday
Love it
Usless app videos don't load not many people I know use it. Waste away at my battery life. And uses up way to much ram space for nothing on my blog.
It was good
this thing sucks loading takes 2hrs man!!!i recommend you not to download this freaking item / app!!!
This new update sucks
Keeps freezing and I can't watch videos!!!
Its just awesome apps on my phone as exprnce fastest browsing..!!
Every time i try and log in kepps telling me fb isn't responding!! Sent feedback and nothing changed!! Fix it now
The updated version  is lots better
The new update (July 2014) gives FB a nicer look, BUT FB STILL HASNT put in the ability to totally customize the app the way i want to and to me this is a major weak point for FB. After years and years of looking at the same old colours and the same old feel, im getting very bored of FB. Its time to allow users to totally and full CUSTOMIZE Facebook to the way we want it!!! Put in a major variety of personal customizing features, Fonts, colours, layout, etc etc. This isnt hard so come on Facebook, do it!!!!
Coal app download now
Salam
Facebook is cool
Not  that  good but it's the only way to stay contact with our friends!
Great
Facebook
I very very like this app
Very useful
I wish there was an option to view most resent story's
Will get less than half way through one and then say error and something about the video being unavailable :/
Awesome
Good
Jfj
Cool
Goood appp :)
it consumes big space on my phone
Love fb
Tooooo many updates
Slow to open and I have to push back a ton of times to get notifications I miss it always being on top no matter what page I was on also notifications to my phone has really been messing up
It ok
It doesn't notify me when I have a message since the update. Fix the issue & I will change my rating.
The updates are getting better.
Can be better.
smart
Perfect
Nice one
very usual
Its useful
Sick of "top stories"
This is gud for communicte to y friends and relatives ...uplode vedio and pict. Y want to friendship to new friends , y want to like page pitc...etc....
Cute guy
I loved it
Its so slow please fix the bug and I will give 5 stars
It's not really now becoming different. I mean, now you get blocked because you liked family and friends pictures? And you can't make friends because you'll get blocked from using it? I mean come on. Ain't it supposed to be a network for family and friends? It's becoming increasingly difficult for everyone especially me since it's my only force of contact with friends anymore family. Guys need to fix it. It's not hard to do since you're the only big network around for things with families and friends. Visit
I noticed some of my friends account are getting hacked? But no one knows by whom!? Please fix this. My news feed won't load even whwn my WiFi is very strong...it's annoying. I keep uninstalling it and reinstalling it does the same thing! I was hacked my self and some said really nasty things u should update it to wear u can only be logged in on one device!....
I give 4 star
Ghost
Hfjg
Thought this will fix the error still keeps closing and crashing. Please fix asap!
Cool
Didn't download... too big never worked
I am not able to play the vedio on this FB app. When i click any vedio.. It through m out of the FB and in my home page.....
Good app ever
I is very nice
Don't have a Facebook but  my parents love it
Everytime I play a video, it plays for atleast 3 seconds untill it stops... Please try to fix as I am getting quite annoyed now...
Keep it simple
Horrible update and it won't even let me update it and I can't watch other people's videos anymore and now on my new phone it didn't even save all my old things so I have to go and get all my friends and groups again and my picture you guys really messed this up
All the sudden fb app looks way different  and I didn't even update it. And the version is different from what the app store says and it looks different from the fb app on my tablet and they are both the same versions which are different from the app store? Still can't post pictures to comment section and can't remove tags!
Ok
It's scks. I reported some noolyde on fb ND they turn me off the site of fb.
good
Shot
Add page feed in the app too..
What the hell...keep getting an installation error -24 code. The app is  great when it works....
I can't play most of the videos in this app. Get back the old one. And try to fix it. I gave 5 stars still.
Won't let me see comments.
Collllll......
Come on. The problem of being unable to play videos on Facebook has been way too long. Could you please fix the error in playing thing? It's getting irritating
Latest version crashes down frequently..
Laike u
nice app
Very gud apps
I dont like that it takes up so much space. Other than that its alright. It takes long to load.  X-)
Its great but sometimes it gives me that I have a bad connection but when I check on it I see everything good .. plz help
If I send a message its doesn't send it fast it will take like 5hr or 3hr to send my messages yeah need to fix this same as Facebook messager
The activity log should be faster and show everything ..loading images in the news feed is very slow..n all are very slow..make it faster..
Cant even download
Like
Going from awful to mediocre.  Keep working on it Facebook.
Ehh. Its facebook.

Very nice application
Nice.
i
Oo
Yes
Great way to waste your time!
Its Facebook who doesn't love it
Same thing happened to me. I bought a lg phone with metro pcs. They told me i couldnt use facebook because facebook made some changes, now metro pcs users wont be able to use facebook. So now, i might have to go back to my previous carrier.
Coke and peanuts
Love it its not life but its fun
I am having trouble getting videos or down loading ringtone I have try by turning my phone off and try by taking out the battery I don't know what happened I up dated facebook and I haven't been able to download nothing please help me
Fix it and I'll give five stars
Nice
Horribly slow to load and crashes constantly
Facebook finally allowed us to send instant vids thru the message by holdin the arrow down... now u cant send vids at all
Tari
The app can't move to sd card so that the app consume more space , can you fix it
Nice
That's all I have to say about that.
Good way of being social
99^
Works on my Galaxy Note 3.
Awesome
:)

No glitches does everything its supposed to do. For those of you who can't play videos try mx player download from play store. It should help
Haven't been able to receive any notifications. Still not receiving any notifications even with the update, furthermore did a uninstall and reinstall. To no avail still nothing has changed.
Enjoy it
Worst update ever! Wont refresh and all i get is a "no internet connection" error message! Its practically un-useable!
Ive been trying for 2days to login ,let alone even Go to a facebook page without seeing "Website Cannot be Displayed" from my Metro F9 Optimus Device Fb Apps will not login either .  Please Fix ASAP. already checked with Metro PCS and they said the problem is Facebooks servers
Yaar Pranat  itna bi accha ni h
Good one
After the latest update, my phone always in freeze state and says it is not responding  whenever i use this apps so i forced to close it. Hope you can fix it asap. Thanks!
Now its really fast...I love it.....works fine with 2g.....
Very useful
Great
Good
Nice.
Iliked it
wow
Sucks
pro dan sangat best dengan percuma
I recently switched to a Galaxy S5 from an iPhone 4s. I dislike how all links in Facebook open in the Web browser compared to the iOS version of Facebook. Also, my biggest thing I hate is that my videos aren't listed in the albums on my profile.
Some times it create lot of time to open
I love fb  haha
Ok
Every time I look at my fb I see a mixture of new and old newsfeed. Mostly several hours or even yesterday's news feed.
Game
Eat up ram and storage space after installation, also cant play high end games after this update (asphalt, Nfs Mw) all force closing after this update this eating all my ram i used to disable this app now for playing games
Awesome
Hit
New ui is so irritating. ..
Plz fix very slow really upset might delete. ...
Wow !
awesome!
I was planning to install until I read the giant, intrusive list of permissions to validate before using this application. Why in the world do you need access to all of my PERSONAL information for a social networking site. Mighty suspicious Facebook. NSA much??
Unbelieveable fantastic app.. No words to say how great app is this :)
App sucks but keep loging me off and 6 or 7 times keep saying eorr
Update sucks!!!!!!!!!
It always crashes the video I'm watching!! It ALWAYS says "Video ERROR" wth! Fix it man. Thank you.
Love it
I love facebook
Iloveyou
Takes lots of error while downloading
KARTHIGASE SAKTHIVARAN@GMAIL
I enjoy using this app and we should be thankful facebook created this app and lets us use it for free instead of complaining.
I liked an older version better in the way it arranged the buttons and features you used but this version still isn't bad.
Bakit nagiging 30 mb eh 19.79mb lang ang nakalagay
This is strange  app only 1weak I go to update
It keeps using more memory. Like when i first got it, it was 52 mb. Now its 70+ mb
God !!!! Why is it impossible to post or send a picture ??? I have been dealing with this problem for almost a week now ! We're always used to having regular updates while facebook is working fine and now that it is not, there is no update whatsoever ! Please fix!
Anton HW
Moto e
Nice
</3

Suddenly this app stopped working on my phone.  Haven't been able to log on for 3 or 4 days now


Slow. Slow. Slow
Androids are  no fun not much memory either
Include messanger in this app . beside this this is all gud
Ok

Barrera
Love it
Taking 56 mb
PLEASE bring back the "most recent" option for news feed. I'm sorry, but you can't decide who's more important to me based off of "likes" or comments. Some of the most important updates I need to see are from my family members who rarely post but use Facebook as a means of keeping us updated on important things. My best friend and I almost never "socialize" through Facebook, because we text. But I end up missing her general updates about her wedding because my news feed has filtered it out. IT'S DUMB.
it's ok
Liked it
cool
No way im giving five stars. It gets worse on every update.
I hate it!
Running on Galaxy S.
Can You Make FaceBook Look Like How FaceBook Look On A IPhone & Can You Make It Faster.
It was working a couple days ago but now it wont let me log on after i let my friend log on now i cant log on and she cant log off...
Nice application
Nice.....
First reduce ram usage
Goood
I enjoyed it when bored only
Its awesome app
Jjjjj
I llike facebook its wonderful u can communicate your families abroad!!!:-)
Realy helps with communication and informations
This app is bullshit
What happen to having the option of choosing recent posts on timeline?!! Please fix that immediately. Haven't been able to play videos for months now!! Also in my app settings I no longer have the option to sync my fb friends with my contacts. This has been a problem for months now as well. In addition I've had 3 different phones during this time and none of them had the sync option in app settings. Ya'll need to do better all around !!
great application
When I am uploaded more than one photo and I look through all the ones I selected if I try go do side to side it freezes and shuts down.
Every since lastest update cant watch videos on fb get sorry unknown error cant play video on all fb video need to fix this bs
Gud
THIS IS AN GOOD APPLICTION
ashu
facebook
The lack of CHOICE Facebook loves to force upon its users is amazing. You'll get more stars when they're earned. Edit: Make recent stories default and you get two additional stars. Fix the comments from appearing over and over as I scroll down to read more and you'll earn the rest.
Friends
Fun and quick
Could be better!
Love this app.
It's OK...
Loved it BT y after update the new1 its shows again n again
Love it
I'm scrolling and I find a post to read. Then all of a sudden that post I'm reading disappears when the news feed auto refreshes..... 
Ok
I love Facebook and I love it on my phone best for contact messages freinds the new look is Exelent very fast but the fact is it take 22.25mb of storage originaly now I've updated it it starts at 32.55mb log it goes to 65mb more than double the size it's triple the size and I hate the fact it's the biggest app on my phone storage this is huge for a app like this but I do have quite a lot of storage but I please do some thing I'm fine with 35.00mb or below then 5stars
Better application
Saravanan
Superb
Mast social site
Good
Cant log in please chek ur net work connection.... It comes even i have working data connection i also re-install it turn phone off then on plz fix it yarrr
Good excellent and use full
Boleh jer
Very good..
Keeps force closing, won't work at all fix this
New permissions in update seem sketchy
Good Job
Excellent.
Great
Meeting friends and receiving business information
fb mcm puki mak die
Dumb
I love this app
It's great..If weren't for FB I'd never found my friend of 52 yrs., Thank you Facebook
Not more than 4 stars

I want more speedy update
I like it
the old version is better
Bomb
Unable to open FB from icon in app. Each time need to open from store. Please fix this bug. Most of my friends facing the same.
WTF..!! it sucks!  very slow and I cant download and keeps on "download error!  Duh.. -_-
I Like It
Nice
It is ok
The new update really sucks. I hate it!I am uninstalling.
Really good but need to be more improved.
Cc
I love face book
I see the same posts over and over. It shows posts from days ago and I know there has to be newer ones. I have 300+ feiends but see the same 10 people every day. facebook sucks!!! And slow!
Liked it
Fast
Nice update
It stored on my phone, why not on sd?????
No me llegan las notificaciones de inbox :'( !
I cant play video.xet!
It takes up to much memory on phone.
Love it
Works like poopy
Duh...I love it!
Excellent
Itz a Nz app....
super

app crashed already smh..no search either.. WORST PATCH UPDATE EVER. HORRIBLE. Total crapola
Love Facebook and all the stories
Good to keep track of wht is going on in your life.
Pls . Fix it . It wouldnt let me open but the wifi is connected . I give it 4 stars 
Spans me all his anti USA, pro amnesty crap.
So slowly new feed...fix it
Facebook is very fast notning extra
please download into my phone
Love it
Its nyc but whenever i like the status pictures etc etc and refresh the page it hasnt been liked -_- now dats annoying -_- coz i should open via brower just to check it
Not copy data
It would be great if you could include the life event option along with the share tab, just like through a browser..  Fine tune the most basic options like the ability to play videos posted on fb, n life event tab, n I'll rate it 5 star
Works great !! Until u realize they are eating up ur data without u knowing ,!!
Flawless
Facebook
Facebook
It needs to open the app from links.
//
Good
A much needed flat ui... Finally it's up to the iOS standard
Takes foeva to install
Why it don't show like wear you going on fb Like GPS....please fix it thank do a update
there are some bug, which
Please fix the group chat thing.. When someone changes the group name or the group picture, when I open the chat, it logs me off. Pls. Fix and I'll give 5 stars
Awesome :)
It connects to our friends
Ah NoLy
When I get onto facebook and click onto the videos,  all I see is the picture that it started off with. And those are for all the videos! I can only hear audio and it's very irritating. FIX IT!!!!!
Facebook
Can't play a video on Facebook...
Worlds best aocial networking site is facebook
What's up with the sms permissions?
Has improved much
It is good to view photos
Can't log on to the mobile site. At. All.
My phone lags and it always crash
I have to uninstall and reinstall app multiple times a day because it freezes up and quits working.
Ever since the update it has been really slow an doesn't let me upload pictures at all.
Hate this app
It doesn't upload pics on fb on my galaxy s duos2
It always force closes. Fix this
Can't paly videos sometimes :(
I can't  watch videos give me my old version! Back!
;-) I need Rehab... REAL TALK!!
Love it
I mean its good but every update I do something goes wrong but overall I don't mind the wittle glitches but I hate it when it says that I can't play videos it always comes up "error video can't play" it so stresses me -.-
the best app to stay connected with friends all day long and yet further improvements are necessary such as streaming videos without any errors ..overall its fab
Dont care for the new f/b, cant download it. Ive had to uninstall 3 apps i had an still cant.. not enuf room on my phone!!! :(
Mohsamed mohsain mohsain
Very intresting
Unbelievably I'm unable to access fb.. Which also means that most of my games won't let me play because they can't access it either... Sort it out asap please its been over a week now!!
Very nice
Facebook
Scrolling has become sluggish and lost smoothness.. Can't play any videos!!! App simply crashes!!
nyc bt can,t play video
It is for my mom and I love you
Won't sync my contacts. Not happy!!!
I'm about sick of Facebook,  it desperately needs a good update, I can't post updates, !!
Having trouble logging in
Love my Facebook!
Facebook is my top app for draining battery, ram usage ,and data usage
but all memory in phone
This app is good
H go b
I am using a RAZR Maxx, when last update performed. Lost ability for pictures loading.
I love u facebook
No puedo ver mis notas...eso apesta
Can't even look. Refreshes every 3 secs.... fix refuses to update my timeline. Not worth a crap after updates
Great just love it
Slowly
Good Up.
Dope
I stream netflix, internet radio and direct youtube widget flawlessly on note 3 with verizon xlte daily yet videos played through facebook are buffering intermittently every 3-7 seconds. Very annoying. Developers please fix.
i feel like sometimes it doesn't let me do things for no reason.
Bug fixes  needed
Great app construction, pretty similar and ease of use, just like the desktop version.
I finally got used to the update :)
Error while playing all the shared or unshared videos. 1/4 video runs and the there occurs an error. Very bad. Facebook/Android remove this problem as son as possible.. IPhone users go good. What's wrong with Android. This is totally unacceptable.
Tried going on earlier today and can't access my account! Installed update, uninstalled update, turned phone off, tool battery out, tried accessing thru Google and metroweb, nothing works! Everything else internet related word except you guys!
Ang tinte at ang lupet talaga kta mo na ang laha. Grabe nakakabileb hakhakhak aning
Good
Hi
Tq
Metro told me that my fb on my phone isn't working because fb needs to make an update.Waiting for a week and its still not working!! Very frustrating. Not happy.
I like it
Not gd....
It is so much better then having to search facebook up now you can just click on the app and it works great! :)
Great
wow i can download picture and videos :)
There have been at least 2 updates since the one that stopped my phone from posting pictures ... does it just not concern you?? This is a problem for many people! PLEASE FIX!!!!!! Update: Problem fixed
Love it!!!
I open facebook and it stays open for like 5 seconds and then automatically closes. I can barely open my notifications.  But other than that minor problem facebook is fine. Please fix it soon. I wouldn't want to rate facebook a 1 star so please if it, this has been the only problem.
Gud for use
Dam thing took forever to download
Such aaaa v nice
I log in on any game
Be honest
Every time I scroll down the news feed, some stupid video that people are posting starts playing!
Ramesh Mer
Shortcutz (;
Supper application
Great app
I like it
Awesome...so love it
Jojo
I love it
Very good
Just fix the bugs :D
Hope they can get in the TV,Movies,Radio & VOIP,using Bit Torrent Protocol. also they can work together with google and open source software developers to create an Open Smart Digital Identification System.We Have the Resources,We Just Have to Put IT TOGETHER !
im adik in fb and fix this plZz fix
Add a news feed which shows all posts posted by your friends not what you guys are currently doing, choosing certain people to appear on the news feeds.
Thing
MIKE
Its the great
Can you please let us do custom people seeing posts
Since yesterday always getting a network error message when trying to sign into the app, and mobile site. :/ Please fix immediately! Seems I'm not the only one. Went through resets, even my carrier can't help. Bad update.
Aida
Facebook lover..
This app works better now that I got a Samsung Galaxy Mega....
Cannot access my Facebook page through the app since it was last updated!
This is a social app i love it
Loved it
My facebook will not open have had to uninstall and reinstall 2 and still did fix problem
Not bad
I can chat with my friends any time
Excellent
Working just fine until the last update. No longer opens at all.
Well for me fb it's awesome! !! I like it so much
Noty
Simply the utmost worse facebook app ever
Prudential
where can i view 'most recent stories' instead of top stories on news feed??? the layout really sucks and please give me back most recent stories!!!!!
Hate "Top Stories" mode! I want to surf thru latest stories, and now I need to do too many moves to get it, everytime...
Kindly make movable from one memory to another. It's a humble request.
I like it
What I'd like to know is htf does this app have almost 4 stars when clearly 99/100 ratings is 1star. And has been for 1+ yrs..
I have face
Facebook
Easy to use
daily use
takes a long time to load...does not work on GPRS /EDGE..crashes often...large app size not having feature of move to sd card...facebook mobile site is better....also takes a lot of memory....PLZ FIX
It's taking up way to much space but beyond that its great.
Great
good
wowww
Wow:-B
Hi
Dis app sucks now...keeps force closing
Thanks me karaoke active that
Slows Down My Phone Way To Much.
Good
Before my last rating I hated using Facebook on my phone because it was horrible. After I got a new phone and updated everything, it started working so much better. Now I don't like using Facebook on anything but my smart phone. I love the improvement! :)
Hate this new update! ! Why would facebook know what we think is more relevant. I want to see all post from all the people on my friends list unless I remove them. Poor update!!
Good
It won't let you get to the next page in image search in the messages. They need to put the most recent as the primary news feed setting. I can't see my videos album. Also this app is way to big.
Any new update coming soon? Would like to use this fb app again, unable to load... Unable to use once again
But I I cannot download this app :(
I can't play videos i can play videos on everything else please fix it
Why i cant install this app anrgy
I hate this app it always hangs and closes by itself,all day I can't see my notifications.
Hi...
Pretty cool app
Bangla righting
Great that the app has so many options as you do on the desktop version but it lagged and crashed the first time I opened it since the last update.
Kenneth Merritt
Pictures loads slow and stop completely all the time. While browsing through a group's posts and comments, it goes back to the top of the group's page when I close the comments tab and I'll have to scroll back and load the very bottom where I was just moments ago. Why? Such inconvenience and a waste of data. And now external links doesn't work properly.
come on Facebook i was not expecting this improve on the loading and lagging needs to get cleared asap or im switching to twittering or something  :'( disappointed can't even re-install it urghhh
Facebook
Its cool I can see the funny photos of my friends and family
Great
Love it
Everything takes a long time to load. Especially waiting for it to start and looking at notifications.
b
facebook
Lukman RAJA
I have had some difficulties before. So I take back 1 star
I get error and it asks to log in every time I open it. Sometimes everything goes ok and all of a sudden it showes message that time out - login again. I also tried uninstalling and reinstalling but it takes lot of time to download and reinstall. Very very slow. Needs improvements to speed up the process.
Bad
Doesn need sync
nice app
Facebook
As balls.
Is this the newest version or the worst version .icant even share pic from instagram .
Ê×ÏÈµÄÈËµÄµÄÈËµÄµÄÈËµÄµÄ
Dixon rd.
Ilove this app
NOW DO YOU BELIEVE IN ..ME..PLS LISTEN.....BECAUSE YOU NEVER DO ...AND ..IT HURTS.. I WILL BLESS ALL OF YOU ..AND IT HURTS ME THAT IM NEVER HEARD..BUT IF YOU ONLY KNEW THAT I LOVE YOU GUYS MORE THAN MYSELF AND NO MATTER WHAT'S BEEN DONE TO ME SAID I WILL TAKE CARE OF ALL OF YOU BECAUSE I LOVE YOU..AND DYLAN MOMMY LOVES YOU ..MORE THAN EVER AS FOR HIS DAD ..HE IS A GOOD PARENT BUT YOUR RULES..I WILL HAVE A SAY. LOVE U F.B
Muito bom
So now they are using our cameras and microphones without our permission or knowledge!!?? Check your permissions people. If they aren't doing anything wrong then why are those permissions and others hidden???
Doesnt let me play the videos on facebook.
Thanks
Wow
Works fine
Great
Wonderful app.. well done..
I love it
Ovetime the ap keeps getting bigger. It starts out at arpund 17mb and it progressed to 50mb before i reinstalled it. I even clear my cache regularly. I dont know whats up Facebook. Update: now it's taking up 130mb. Wow! This is bad!
Terrific
Just updated and already F@&$ING tired of seeing "Facebook is not responding".  You just can't get it right.  :'(  Also, I do not appreciate you changing privacy settings.  If I wanted my videos to play automatically, I would have searched for that option .  It blows that you change that knowing most people have a usage limit to think about.  A$$h0les!!!  How am I supposed to use the app if it won't stay open for longer than a minute or so at a time?  Really?  Freakin' really?
Rate app
Fb is very awesome
It freezes and crashing and everytime i try to roll down the posts.....
Love it!!:-)
How do I turn my news feed to show recent stories rather than top stories. I want recent activity
It's horrible. First they force you to have a cover photo then they update & now I can't change the cover photo. Back to the old version.... this new version SUCKS.
What can I say. There is always an issue with this app. Since the last update it woulnt scroll up and down like it should, ive got to keep Petting the screen in 1 direction for it to actually start partially moving again. Not an issue with the screen since everything scrolls just fine on Google+ and facebook mobile website.
Amazing
After the last update I can't even open the application ..no notification also appears on the notification bar .. please fixxxx
I love Facebook, the fact that I can look on funny pages and pictures, post statuses, and talk to friends. Especially talking to friends. But lately there's been the Facebook like symbol instead of a send button, unless you type something in the box. I always accidentally hit that button, and there is no way that I can find to turn it off. It honestly makes it very annoying, and not a fun experience. If you could please fix it, or even make something to disable it, that would be very much appreciated!
Fun
Every now and then it will freeze and won't work for some unknown reason.
Selamanya saya sudah mencoba ke yg terbaik
this facebook eats so much space in my SD and to my internal memory...           i wish that this will be available into my SD card only
Can't upload photos after most recent update!!
Update
My fb
It's OK
hated it
Too slow.  Bugs
I love it
Always says "unfortunately facebook has stopped" .. In my Asus tablet :(
Aiden
Esta brutal me encanta..
Excellent
Hi you. All
Yes
It won't let me upload no videos
Not giving recent updates whats wrong with you people.
Ez work
Not working properly,  closes as soon as I open it .. I uninstalled it to reinstall it hoping to fix the problem,  it says its downloaded but there is nothing there
Great Application..
Still can't set 'Most recent' as the default news feed - Crap. If 'Most recent' is good enough for the main fb web site then it should be good enough for this app...Back to the old version that we could select 'Most recent' as the default feed.
Awesome way to reunite
Love it talk to Grandparents  in GA!!!!
I installed but dont open can i know whyyyy
Facebook app by android
ok good
Honestly it's becoming kinda weird now. Still a good thing for family and friends but it's becoming different witch to do many people they're not liking this change out of nowhere. So if you could please keep it the way it was it'd be good.  Just speaking my mind. Hope it gets back to how it was. Really startingto think different now. Just get it fixed. And now my likes. It won't let me likes them saying im using it wrong? Wow.  I mean come on Facebook. This needs to be fixed. Now my likes won't let me like
No option to easily view by most recent instead of "top" stories. Ads everywhere now, I see more suggested posts than actual posts. Family and friends posts won't show,  but I'll see when someone has commented on a stranger's photo or a page that I don't follow and doesn't interest me.
Awesome!!!
Everytime I try to comment on something the app runs ridiculously slow where my typing will lag. Doesn't happen on any other app. Videos go spastic. And scrolling in general is slow. It crashes all the time and is extremely frustrating to use...
Good app
Luv it
Its automatically closing and I can't play the videos so fix it if not it is better in trash
Acho legal ter FACEBOOK !! :-)
Addictive
Idk
:)
Newsfeed needs to show most recent, if its friday I dont need monday and tuesday posts.. Videos dont play and when they do they dont play all the way thru
Why does the news feed start from beginning if i switch between apps?? So irritating.. Even the new update sucks.. I better use desktop version.. Planning to uninstall
The photos and videos won't show up!
App named Facebook is a very good app but some people's uses it for bad things
Really irritated that Facebook now handles my sms too, I would like to to be able to have more control over what is happening with this app and NO I do not want Facebook looking through what I am doing to provide better ads for me.
Good .....but.....
Good but it consumes more memory!
It takes so much time to dowload
After the update your newfeed don't automatic update anymore The stories be 3 hrs old You have to go to the settings and click recent constantly over and over to update your newsfeed The notification in red that tell you when you have new stories doesn't work neither the post still be old and also post from days ago FIX IT PLEASE THANKS
It takes alot time to load the pic
I love facebook it can be slow or not let u play videos but i love it u gotta have one
Works very well!
Sometimes doesn't respond to finger for scrolling or taps.
Cant play videos on fb making me mad as ---
I like verymuch bcoz fast analysis thanks
Hope this works
Great
Facebook
It takes many space
AMAZING
Crash!!! Cant open

When I click on my Facebook app the screen turns gray like its trying to load then it just goes away like I never clicked on it. What is wrong! I really want to get on my facebook! Please help!
The app is not letting me log in... Fix it please
Slow to load, slow to do page changes
Loved it
Says bad connection error login but internet is wrking fine please fix
The best
A little better
This app is too awesome.. I like it..
Good
Terbaik
It wont let u play videos this app just gets worse and worse with every update smh
4
Plz fix memory size too high add small app
Its ok
awessome
Not too bad. Something could be fixed up better but it's still alright.
FB sucks
Its very nice
G ood
Its a great app it can be slow occasionally but its fine other than that!!
Best app to make one lazy,lathargic , useless and technology slave. Thank you mark. You have made a generation bunch of stupids
I am not able to like photos in my news feed . i have to press like almost 20 times for it to stay blue
Its owsame b/c Its vert fast.
Great app..Muh...
Facebook is awesome.
The best
Samim
Only the problem that I face in Facebook its speed very slow when I upload my picture or video it takes too many to upload anything please fix the problem then I give 5 star to this application.
Just a little problem... when  i commented on a post, the time said 33 minutes ago, not just now.... why? Aigoooo .. and y there is no new updates?
Its cool
Please make sure that this app is stable. It Crashes within 10-20 seconds
Maybe the best fb app that i have ever been used is in ios.other devices it suck
Awesome
Apart for it becoming heavier by day, the recent update force closes it and navigation is absolutely not possible.
Good to communicate  with my friends
Congrats
Must Start Video Calling Also
I'm having problem with this app It's not working properly....
It freezes and shuts down on me. Also it would be nice to be able to check who looks you up not just who is following. Just for safety reasons.
I like
Cant play videos not happy about to uninstall if not fixed
Data consumption
I luv it a+
Sweet
Love it...use it daily and keeps me in touch with family and friends...thank you...
Always shutting down
Great app!
Very good
Facebook makes me feel like my family is just next door although they are 1000 of miles away. I don't miss out any important day or event :) :) :)
Amazing
Awesome
Its a great way to keepnup with friends old and new anf even keep ip eith family too!
Hi
Great
Very nice update
Amazing
Its ok know with the free calls,And a good way of catching up with old mates.
good but we can dont download pics aur cant copy status plsss fix it then i give 5
Perfect
Its facebook
Every time I open the app it takes me to the play store and candy f ing crush its bad enough having to read what people have achieved playing it ? Now this come on Facebook you can do better surely.
I love Facebook but not really....... :( :)
City
THIS IS A VIRUS!!! MY TABLET HAS BROKEN SO I HAD TO CHUCK IT AWAY! DONT LET THIS APP MAKE YOUR ANDROID HAVE A VIRUS!! DONT DOWNLOAD IT!!
Love it
Great App
Fav passing tym...
Very nice That is facebook.I like this Friends...
sip
Facebook is a cool thing cuz u can find friends and u can chat and no one can see ur messages
App still stinks. Want to know why I do not get all the same posts as I get on my computer. I manage to get all the posts conserning animal rescues, but if my daughter posts or if it is my cousins birthday, I dont get these on the app. I went through over 24 hours worth of posts to wish my cousin a happy birthday, but never found it.  But went on my computer and it was there.  Also notice that posts disappear.  Went to show my husband a post from our daughter but it had vanished. Need to fix this problem.
Laxman
As evrybody knws it's da best app ever
Faultless nowadays. Can't think of a way to improve on it!
Nafees
It just says my page is expired I hate it and doesn't let me log off neither >:(
help developers ur last update has actually scrambled things up its all distorted... i have android 4.0.4 Plz fix ur update so i can actually read the writting and pictures
Takes a while to set up bit apart from that perfect would recomend to anyone good work

I would like to be able to see my "other" inbox from the phone and not have to look for a computer gggrrr.  also would like to be able to do a "search" on the groups to easily find what I am looking for instead of browsing through thousands of posts. that is such a waste of time. newsfeeds could use some improvements too.
Dobro
Its a great app but it took almost 2 hours to even say its was 1% complete downloading and then right when it got from 100% to installing it said insignificant storage space and I have NO apps installed!!!!????
AMN Abdul
Why?
amezing
Ciut
Face book
Wa
It's not that bad now except when I go away from the main feed then go back, it jumps ALL THE WAY BACK TO THE TOP, no matter where I was on the page 
Jam...my fb stuck...
Yaaaaaaay
Please fix issue!!!!!!!!!!!!!! No updates or progress have been made regarding this considering uninstalling
Great
iy love haifa
Can't upload photos the past couple days. Yes, I'm connected to Wi-Fi...
Love the latest update
Don't work
Wooooooooooooooooow
Good become members...semoga dapat ramai kenalan dan kawan berkongsi pendapat..shareing
Thank you
This is very slow n I cant play any video in this pictures even take a long time in loading
It keeps shutting down it won't even open please fix? been going on for a few days
K
Great way  to keep in touch with friends and colleagues
Terrible app, it does not work after the update. Now explain to me why does the news feed consist of news feed that are from a few days back pleasw fix the order of the news feed or this app is completely useless smh...
The first one was so good than this new :(
So a few days ago I went on Facebook and it wouldn't let me go on and so I tried using mentro web and it didn't work so I went up to the store and the guy basically told me that there was a security on Facebook and so it won't let me on until you guys fix it! So please fix it'
b
Excelente
Still doesn't always show the news feed in chronological order from newest to oldest
W3
It Still Won't Let Me Change My News Feed
Awesome
Its great to have Facebook
Used to love this app. Now since upgrades it won't open, when it will open it won't let me comment or share
Its a wicked app but becoming a memory problem can you please slow down with the updates
It's okey
Al ain
I cant show my own time line y;:-). :-)f I press my fb I look my newspeed but ,2 second its back to menu what's happens this
Works
Gid
No reply to comment
I like
Now I can connect with my friends easily!
Thank you now I can go on Facebook on the go
Make that more usefull and faster
I really think I would perfer the newer version of Facebook
This app allows me to visit the Facebook page fast . Like it alot.
Now u cant move the screen freely slow load or something
This is getting tiring, I have to download a large file every week or maybe even a few days apart because of these updates?!  What is going on!
Good
Love
Stop updating it unless you can get it right. Most recent isn't even sorted right and it keeps forcing close
Finding peeps that I haven't seen for years! Love It!!!!
Best thing ever!:)
I'll check it out!
This app can't save pictures and even can't load notifications correctly... Older version is better then this... Loads like a bulldozer....(memory eater)
Its one of the best social apps you could ever find!
Darbhanga Bihar
001122
What
Timeline wont scroll up and down from anywhere on the screen no more on my phone, only the sides. If its a new feature i dont like it. Seeing old post from days back.
App no longer working after update. S4 mini
Thanks

Ok
Facebook is really good to use sometimes
Ehh¡­ I'm blocked for THIRTY FREAKING DAYS b/c idk why!!? UGH!!
This is owsum
Needs improvment it dosen't let me download it says error and shuts my whole phone down
Ok la
Ok
But why this facebook player its not good
It won't even load news feeds on wifi. Sucks! It used to.
It cool or w/e
I'm tired of having to click news feed before I have to go thru the menu to get to recent posts!! Cuz if I don't go thru those steps then I can't see anything recently posted!! Fix it n I'll give back the stars it used to have!!
It takes forever to upload stuff message  and operate.

I found a lost friend because of facebook!
I will it  3 starts cuz it's take too long to load
I am unable to access my "pending posts."
For some reason I can't open Facebook, when I try to pull it up it closes itself down, it only happens with my Facebook, whenever I open anybody else's face it opens normally! I uninstalled it, ran antivirus! Everything that can be done and nothing i even reset my phone to factory settings! Can I have an answer towards my question? Thanks!
I like the new update of this app... It's like an iPhone .
App is constantly freezing and acting up, It'll freeze when i scroll over a video. Please fix this.
Downloaded update . Now it says cannot find secure connection and my profile pic and others are not visible.
In all honesty, the overall integrity of this app is horrible... But it's Facebook, so I'll have to deal with it . Update: This app is absolutely horrible. Facebook mobile sucks.
I love this app! Facebook is the only way I have to keep in touch with a lot of my friends and family. :-)
I have an awesome video, and I'd like to share but it won't let me or tell me why, it's only about 2 minutes long, do I know it's not length.
Keep up
I cant play any video on fb can it be fixed please
It got all my friends on it
Nich
The app works fine but sometimes I will be looking at my news feed and it keeps jumping and sending me to random places on my news feed. But that is a minor problem compared to the messaging problem. On group chats the messages come in late and in random orders. It's the same for the messenger app. Facebook, fix the messaging. It's impossible to talk in a group now. Both apps are broke, fix them please.
Useless waste of data  GONNA UNINSTALL! !!
I can't see the movies.freezing the  video.fix it pls
I hate this app. All it does is eat up my data it's way to big and i have the Galaxy S5. I can't watch videos, listen to music or chat. What the hell went wrong!!
Itz really awesome
Takes up a lot of space to download and when I try to update it, it tells me that I have insufficient storage space
The best communication network
Love this app
conect and see your friend
Lovely and nice
Nice app
Bit annoying at times
Worse update of all times!
Very good
every time i make a comment it wont show up. theres times that i cant put up pictures and it takes for ever to download. please do something!!!!
Now I can see what my friends are doing
WORST app ever
Please fix the bug.
Eh...
Sorry, But An Unknown Error Has Occurred While Trying To Play This Video. PLEASE FIX
Mobile Facebook..... what's left to invent?  Sliced bread?
I give Facebook 5stars because it allows me to stay in touch with my children and grandchildren who live so far away. With Facebook, I am able to see photos of loved ones that have them displayed on their homepage and if I so desire to let them see what I am looking like these days, then I can do so by taking a snapshot of myself and display it on my homepage where it can be seen. This brings you and your loved ones closer together from far away.
This app may alow you to connect to your Facebook fast but totally Removes all your privacy!
GAME
Luck
king

Force closes a lot
Love it thanks
how to view total number of friends on facebook? please fix!
The app is better than the website
Its really good to contact friends world wide.
Loly
If I can download this application i will give 5star.
Very nice
Why isnt it showing the most recent stories . plz fix this
BAJAJ TRAVELS.
When your own post doesn't show up on your news feed, only on your page, there's a problem. Of course, what's the point of reviewing the app? No one responds.  I hate the new algorithm.
Maffi kuis pare
Its very helpful
Thully
Why does it hangs in the starting dosent work properly
Good
Excellent
Yes
Where is the share button on my android?
Is really good its just how it is on a computer
I dont like the way it crashes.
Hate it
Not so good as we can use on computers but okay for phone

obligatorioo
Its a great website
consuming too much RAM. :(
I really liked the fact that we could open the videos using our phone's movie apps, that way we could share the links to these videos through whatsapp, in order to reach for our friends. This update makes us open the videos inside the Facebook app. Useless.
It'd be nice if you could have more flexibility/options when it comes to sharing links. Please allow users to share a link in a private message or to a group that the user is part of. I don't always want to share stuff publicly on mine or a friends wall.
Nice
I hate
bleh larh
Loggin' in is too secure it seems. I'm always told I'm loggin' too much. When in fact I log in maybe 4-6 times wk. I go thru Browser only. Not Facebook app. itself. Sucks!! & makes U wonder?....
i Hatee It i Cantt See No Facebook Video On Facebook
FaceBook
nanarkar
It keeps closing on me
Better than previous one

But  I can't download any videos from my fb account pls fix it soon
I cant login please fix issues every time I login it says error and when i go to Google it will not even load the Facebook webpage .
Thumbs up for this app guys
Can't play videos, needs fixing.
Just put the old way copy , paste
But i cant get me app...in my phone
Need to fix some bugs I think
Md  nasid Hossain
very "good.
Good
Nice app  N
Fast and working well on my phone
LANKA ASSAM
Nyc app but slow
itz gd to find a new era in life... itz bad tht we r leave in tht... huh!!!
I love Facebook for staying in touch with friends and family.
Facebook steals my RAM even when I'm not logged it. It makes me angry. Please fix it.
;)
DSD Official
Can not access my messages and comments frm my friends there is always error on connection
Hi guys I'm in Mrs Garza's class
Contacts with family awesome.
Alexander millinga
Nic
Pero no se ya fb deber¨ªa ser otra cosa cambiar el interfaz que se vea mejor puedas subir mini video como instagram
9813143
Awesome
My internet speed is above from 100 kb/sec and this app take at least 50 second to load a page.so why this app behave like this and this app also not refresh inbox so plz help me i am tired of it plz help...
Cant costumize as before.. Crashed all the time..
Won't let me sign in because says my account temporarily shut down and it gives me a site to go to so i can fix it and it says facebook down blah blah blah please fix I need to sign in
Hye
Love this app much better than the online web version
Not giving recent updates whats wrong with you people.
Make the messenger like this please
Good
Its an great app. It could stand to run alil faster tho
Facebook
It say duplicate provider authority..wtf
I love facebook but recently it lags my phone down really bad and im constantly getting kicked off for app failure. The app size on my phone isnt the same as its listed in the play store and once you add the data in its over twice the app size. Im deleting this app and will use my browser for now and will try again at a different time. Please fix this
old
Bajpai
Very useful and nc
L
When I take a picture and go to tag someone, it closes and goes back to the say something about this photo.  So basically I can't tag anyone
Esta chido
Mst app h
Good
The worst app ever, it's slow like a turtle!
The Facebook newsfeed should work like a digest where it saves your spot when the app is closed so you pick up where you left off when it is reopened. It refreshes mid scroll very frequently, which is frustrating. Also, by default it should load more comments and save your spot when reviewing a long comment feed. At least to me it's worth having a larger app consuming more processing power to make this happen.
Bugs
Bad
I
Nice app
Facebook has been very helpful and understanding. Very helpfull with all types of isues. Thanks guy!
The app is good but take a lot of space
Yoruba Afro Cuban Religion info highway
Nazareth Baptist Church EBuhleni bamaNazareth, uNyazilwezulu.
Nice
Reallu fast unbelive able
Its s good app
I can't watch any videos fix it!!!
Superb
A great application.
I like it
Female
It didntbtake long at all like last time soo Its Good
Facebook
Please make your app to consumes less of ram.
I like
I like talking to friends
Ak dum bekar koi download na keryo meri id block hogi
Nice
i hope dev team can add new features to hide annoying comment by some people because sometime they make annoying comment like ''color comment'' or unnecessary ads that took time to scroll down to pass the comment.its not feature to block them but just to skip their comment to others..
-_-
Cant download
Qwerty Xzibit
Facebook
Super version
New version sucks
it oky for me
yahuuuu
Facebook
Exelent
Khan
Thank you so much
this new update is awful it not letting me watch any videos and it freezes my phone and forecloses!!!!!FIX IT
Fb for all...
Excellent
Mir
Ever since the last update my Facebook constantly freezes and lags. Or it forces close. Please get the bugs out and I'll rate five stars
Not the best, but gets the job done
Its nice
Warum dennnnn?
Super for time wasting
App is Faster than web.
We want old version
Cool app
Im not able to play videos.please fix it as early as possible.
Great
Crashes if i try to play video on fb
After every five mins its stop    so uncool
Like itttttt
None of the video posts on my newsfeed play! Some start playing and then stop unexpectedly with a popup that says "Sorry, but an unknown error has occurred trying to play this video."  Others give this error right at the start. I'm using a Sony Xperia Z running Kitkat and the latest version of FB. Please fix this annoying feature!
Facebook is the best
with friends and family
Toooo biiig. Hogs CPU, RAM, Battery, Data...you name it, it hogs it. Each update adds some 15mb. Can't use it. Oh, and to optimize your experience, you need fb messenger, fb pagesmanager... more CPU, RAM, Battery. Come on guys, fb isn't d only app on my phone.
I Lake
This is help for all
Yo, fix the f***ing problem with the video error for Xperia Z... Its pretty annoying.
Awsome
I could not update this application plz fix my problem thnkxx. Great application n nw its 4 stars plz fix my prblem thnkx again
Barely loads my news feed, and takes too much space. I Hope it gets fixed, I'm tired of using the web version on my phone.
evrytime someone chats me it  corupts . help me pls . idk wats wrng wid ds . help pls il give 5 star if u fix it
jus love this app..but need some security
Facebook needs to stop censoring post and start OBEYING the 1st Amendment. Facebook also needs to end any relationship with the NSA. OBEY the 4th Amendment. What's so hard about OBEYING THE BILL OF RIGHTS?
My
Nice app
Hot
Everytime i make a post and use emoticons it just doesn't appear no matter what i do.
Bi
Not up to expectations: (
I regret that i updated my facebook app. I love the previous one last year. Updating it ruined my phone memory.
The very best
Muhammad Irshad Mughal
Video sucks, showing post two weeks ago, what the hell is happening.. Why u update when the old version was fine
App
great
Very good!!!!!!!!!
68-89
10151991
Love iy
From 3 hrs i am updating new aproval still not cimpleted what the hell its is plsz solve fast
its marginally good.four star for bringing the facility to our doorstep.but some additional modification if done superlatively,I'll gladly consider that fifth star :)
i love this apps
Like it
Love it
Slowly
Good
The videos keep on freezing plz pix it
Awesome app
Don't like the new update. Have had it for a while now and still don't like it.  Change it back please.
Facebook
Malek rayan malek
Bht awlla
New version
in my opinion I like this app cuz I could talk to ppl who live far from were I live
At privacy level
Love si life
No
Nice
Eddie Floyd
Good
bakwas
Bad ...very bad
It's a big platform of individual independencey. Everybody can suggest, say and directs in self created styles.
Like it
Social
Awesome awesome
Keeps crashing.
Mylove of my life
Awesome app
:)
Cool and stylish
And fack and fack

Not downlodind
Fix the uploading video process it takes me forever to upload videos -.- its very annoying
Anjie
A new look and "improvements" doesn't necessarily mean improved. And after the latest "update," I'm not sure the people who write this software even use their own app. Seems that every update draws the user's focus away from the app's purpose in order to relearn how to use it. Getting worse and worse. Can't live with it, can't live without it. The latest update forces my notebook's screen to rotate when I touch the Photos icon on someone's main page. Why?
Very very very fast app is this
Stat in the sky.
App is working better. Glad all issues have been fixed. Great app :)
Nice
so far it's taken 30-45 minutes to download this on my smart phone but Facebook don't respond to everyone, they never responded ever!!
very good Fantastic performance
pls.fix this.cant play vide0
Xperia SL
good app but luking for some more gud effort on this app
Great app but slow in my tecno d5
I love you
Facebook
Great for staying in touch with little effort
Very good
I like it
I simply love fb
Awesome
Fix it
we meet new people and make new friends
nemo
Not much changes
Its keep friends close always
Congrats!
22
Wooooow
Great job
Previous electric emoticans were better than  this version. Kindly restore the previous ones.
ya ya
Nol hallo mat mlam?
Alkobar
Good
Great apo
Neeraj tiwari jp
File
Helpfull....
It OK
Good entertainment channel
Cool app ever
It used to do well before the last update. Now I am unable to play any videos. It says "an unkown error occurred while trying to play this video". Goodbye facebook. For the sake of old times,thank you. Uninstalling and deleting my account.
KYAw kyaw
Thanks
Great app
I like a fb
Ultimate
When I install facebook 'encifficien space' and I have 4.sumthing GB left
Good

Best social media app!!!

Latest version freezes ever 5 Seconds and makes it impossible to scroll properly
Wah
Hope only the signal is stronger cause I dont see the images.
No other better social communication
Great
I lke this site.
Just going to be straight forward this app use to be great now it sucks, and most recent post should automatically be set anyway. Nobody cares about the other post or any older post of that matter... sighh I'll just continue to use my web browser to get on fb.
Gud appp
I love Facebook
It have both positive and negative
Good
Love
Dear Facebook, When are you going to make Facebook cover available to private? I am really looking forward to see more choices on Facebook cover. I hope you update this soon. Thanks.
Virgen
Its ok for a while but i cant recieve texts while i have the app on my phone
Every now and then crashes and then I have to uninstall it then install it again. It also lags a lot.
Pierre luxon
Checking with my new phone now and everything
It's not good. But. Is not bed
I doesnot let me open my news feed it just take me back to home screen why the hell is that
I love Facebook
Always comes up with unknown error even though YouTube works perfect
I want old version facebook .all  video no playing .re fix old
Dhoraji. Gujarat
Good
Nice
I lo
Superb
Excellent.. Yeahh
Have to force close every day to see anything new
I like it¡ï¡ï
Its good
super
It wasn't playing videos from my news feed. Now it is. HTC One M8.
Dahya
Wont allow installation cancels out on 93%
I meet my old friends with help of this apps.
I love this app too much :-)
Kinda good I guess....
But change the themes please....
Nice
Awesome
I love Facebook,
Love
Why can't I share on the page I manage? Then they are times I can.
After the new update every time lag and takes a lot of my  memory card I hate the Facebook now plz fix this problem
Great
Awesome app
Rizwa
Connecting in world
Awesome me and friends love it
Very nice
Eats up all my android ram

Asking to access EVERYTHING and it takes up too much memory on my phone. Also,I refuse to delete apps I use faithfully just to install Facebook.
Love it new phone
faltu hai
Excelente XD
I love Facebook
Very very good
I hate the like button where the send button is I hit it all the time and it makes me mad the new update is to complicated I want the old update back! It was simpler!!! I realy hate the blue thumbs up button it gets in the way of people who accidentally double tap it!!!!!
Hated it !!!
Everything was working until I updated the last most recent update & now I'm not receiving any of my alerts or notifications....please fix
I don't  know what to say
This app is suckss....I don't see my friends who is online. .
Whenever I open the app my phone becomes unresponsive and I get a message that says Facebook has stopped responding so I have to close the app and I can never use it
Everytime I try to log in it says error try again later
Want theme for facebook
The pics take a whole lot of time to come  and aftr the recent update i cant save pics..plz corrct it...
Getting Better!!!!!!
Of Hemet Ca.
Haider Goraya
Liked
Good
It's ok
Grate
Nice
not so gud
It keeps getting better
FACE BOOK
Easy to open my fb account
Good..
Facebook be poping
After a recent scare about the security of the app regarding the open SSL, and Heartbeats thing, I'm happy to say the app is perfecrly safe again.
The website loads content faster than the app!
Just not very well optimized in landscape mode. Images come out grainy,  and videos are too in your face. Please fix this. It's a shame to have a screen as nice as the Note 10.1 2014 edition, and it feels underutilized.
its good!
Could be better.
M&N
Uma Saladi
Very very good
Aujla jatt
Woow
It takes many minutes to view any pictures. That is if they even load. That circle going round and round is all I see, and I'm sick of it. I've never had problems until yesterdays update. Please fix.
Now it's not perfect....
Messenger should be work like Facebook Messenger application. .
Facbook
(y)
i love that there is a app for this i didnt even know and its amazing without a doubt.!!
App always crashing.
amazing app
I can't live widout it.....
Nic app
Pls fix it icant log out!!!!
so nice
5j
I love it
Its fo cheez
Nice
I like
Jozz
Horrible, and don't bother testing the beta version.
In this Galaxy Y either you can keep this app or other Apps..... I request FB to launch a mini version of App which occupy less space.....
Works so much better on a phone than going to google
What the hell. My newsfeed is full of "old" news and when I scroll to get to the "new" news it refreshes and starts over on me. I don't have a lot of friends so I don't understand the problem. And then when I start scrolling again. It force closes. I never get to read any new updates unless I go to individual pages which takes all day. Please fix. Internet Facebook works better than the app on it's bad day. I just don't get notifications. Which is OK. About to delete app and go back to internet use.
Videos  doesn't play.
Mehra sa
60MB app size upon initial login, far above 150MB if cache & data not cleared frequently (which u have to do manually) - which wouldn't be a problem if the App (or at least the App Data) could be moved to the SD card. This is a technically poor app.
Make this app move to sd card not on phone memory pls. Thx
Does the app have such a hard understanding on Liking posts? It has been so many-many-many+ months that sometimes i can not like a post. Can you please fix that, please. When i click Like on a post it does not stay Liked .
Guys....try dis app intead of the official one... Its much better....
When I open image/pict , and share it , why it always shared as I'm the one who upload it, not as a shared picture with the original uploader as the uploader? I need to open the original uploader first then tap the share button to share it as "shared" picture . Fix this pls, thank you.
Me
this app is OK
awesome
It is good app to chat
I like you Facebook
So poor about notification. So weak. Come on? Fix it fast before u die.
This app takes too long to open up when I click on it . Also I would like to see the most recent info on tha newsfeed. Ridiculous!
Excellent*****
I like it to keep in contact with family
Love facebook

Now app is very slow working and drain too much battery and ram. Please solve this big problem then i will give you 5 stars... so please solve thst problem.. thank you..
Dj
^_^
Solid hai bhav
Mittal
Works fine now
Itx awesome but little slow set plz
Awesome
Super
Gud
Fb elixir of life
EASY TO USE. GOOD UPDATE. EASY ACCESSIBLE TO PHOTOGRAPHS AND VIDEOS. LOVED THE NEW.LOOK. GO FOR NEW FB
Facebook
This app is taking up too much memory on my phone.
very good
Love
Whilst playing video on my phone I get the message that video can't be played error.please fix this.
Facebook
When clicking on comments on posts, the comment box does not stay open long. Still don't get the newer posts when I get on the FB app. App force closes from time to time. Fix and I will give more stars.
Not bad
We loved it.....
Nice
Not so good
It is a wow app
Hi
Cuando quiero ver algo se traba y se cierra
Kepuasan yang hebat
Have no demands on this app
Not better dan wats up
Super
Good
Great
I can't upload a video on group
No reproduce los video...
Need that new update
Mayron sanang marking ng unfriend friends para madalian ang pag unfriend
Too expensive for this
I liked it cause it keeps me busy
22.38MB what the hell men
Awesome app
it's ossm
soo bad :'( im cannot play the video that my friend post . .
Make stopping notifications from mobile possible without having to remove tag.
Good one
I can't think of a better way to keep up with friends and family!!!!!!!
Its autometicly working...? When i comfim any frnd request...then its making me follower of that frnd with out my click on following option its big problem its so eritating me....!!!!@!!!
Fb app rocks
The new version is awesome
Ready to uninstall this bag of crap forever freezing bout time you got your act together

This is very interesting
I like you facebook
Fast worker
Good
Facebook to big for my phone so uninstalled.
Real grate app
Sanju
Cool
If you haven't already updated, don't! Fb takes away the option of having "most recent" as the default in your newsfeed and changes it to "top stories" which is something I have yet to find anyone who prefers. This is in addition to the fact that it uses a ton of memory. To get to your top stories you have to go each time to the upper right, scroll down and then select most recent. Every time you're on! I'm thinking of deleting it and just checking my feed on my laptop where I can still choose top stories.
That's too nice
Excellent
Lumayan daripada lumanyun
Its cool to hve fb in mobile
Fb version 6
Its a good app
I actually really like this app. The updates are never difficult to get used to. But I would like to be able to access a feed that just includes the content of Pages I've liked, like I can do on a desktop. Thanks ^_^
Like button stopped working since update
Awesome
Luv it
This app is terrible
I feel this app is better than fb messenger!!
Its totally. Awsome
Null
But it is just a nesscessary waste of time..............
It's just a waste of time, I advise somewhere there to not fall for the same trick
Real bad application
Its ok
Private chat is lagging and does not show messages that have been sent.
excellent
Android Facebook version need to be just like iPhone Facebook version cause i like how iPhone version on Facebook is. Can y'all please update Android Facebook real soon please.
over all its ok but the video player sucks and cant play at full screen...before the update more helpful...like the previous version of facebook  such an awesome this app years ago but more worst now...need improve... pliz cant download my favourite videos...
__Lizzie__16
It makes phone slow
It Wont Refresh My News Feed or My Notifications And Im Seeing Posts From Yesterday And Days Before That Please Fix This And I Cant Even Watch Videos On Here Without It Saying Erro
It's OK
Easy to use and good
Superb
it the app you can talk to my friend
Great
What the hell is this please repare my facebook id
I can do everything
I love it
I like
Ashu
Sweetheart
Amzzzigg

It was working slow few days ago but now I CAN'T EVEN LOGIN! I can login on my laptop but not on my mobile.. WHAT IS WRONG WITH IT :(
Raman  Nagra
Very good. ..I use this every day.
Not enough selections
Seems pretty cool
Good
This app is a shit... Many ppl are facing connectivity issue over Wi-Fi, we tried all possible way but it's not working. What the hell you guys doing? Totally hopeless
So cool
Can't watch any videos since this latest update.  Fix this soon!
New update is good.
All goods
I've been having a hard time getting on my facebook account. Id have to be near a WI-FI tower to use facebook.
It could just be this version, but I can't share photos to Facebook from the android photos app.
It still has some bugs and runs super slow.
I just luv this app
You can't move pictures to albums or move them at all. You can't edit your own posts. You can't delete your own comments. I'm attached to my phone not my laptop add all the features to the app. You're a billion dollar company. This shouldn't be a hard task.
Mantaf
Love it
Nice thank you Facebook

Do upgrade
It good now but still I give 3 star....!
Its OK I guess
Just God it's gotten to bad on the memory the ram and now the update it's not loading images it keeps freezing up just junk know I have an LG Optimus L70
enjoy the update much better
Daily updation. Getting irritate.
Okay i guess
Baghwar
GOOD! 
Good app but takes forever in a day to download.

Please make recent post as default.....dis app its useless when it comes to posts...plz ASAP
This is nice my first time tryin it actually
fabulous
Freezes too much the app is some poop
like
Better
I can never watch videos any more on this stupid app...gonna use fb through google now.
You guys need to stop with the spam. I'm getting hacked and getting false stories that could be threatening and could end badly for someone. GET A BETTER FIREWALL FACEBOOK
Last update can't play videos inside of Facebook please fix.
Done good job
But takes lot of space....need auto clearing on temp folders and cache
It wont donloud
Easy to use tells me when I have a message ,notification,& so on
Great
Wollywop
FC after latest update
love  good
Can't watch any videos my friends share without my storage getting low. This app is taking up too much room. No option to save on sd card. LAME!!
Danilo sebeeino091947
force close force close force close force close
Fine
Its ok
Muy buena
Masomenos
Friends are at my next door
:(
Faltu...slow
Always showing old news feed. Not able to get the latest
This is great but when I'm on a picture and I'm trying to change the captions it disappears two or three times before it stays.  It's a little irritating.
Ever since I updated, my pictures from instagram will not sync to my Facebook. Very frustrating.  Plus, the most recent news feed shows from one hr. ago then jumps to 13 hours ago. I'm sure there were some status updates between those hours. Hate hate hate this new update. Please fix. I'm getting very annoyed. Plus take a lesson from twitter. They know how to do it!
hi i would like to make a review about the app that  i download today . i am so upset because it is  not working to my phone can somebody help me fix my problem i  already uninstalled and installed it 4x.. and until now its nor working ... pls help me
Feoh y prieto
Works a lot better now.
I love this app
Good application
I like it
Super
Can't play videos on xperia z2 through fb
Yeaa man
Good
Hate how it plays every video that you pass when you scroll. It would be nice if you could block your friends from sending game request.
Iiz cool
On my phone,i have no notifications of new messages or new friend requests or new anything,it just vibrates when im online,but when i have wifi on there are no notifications,and when i click on the facebook icon there are no notifications eighter...and it vibrates a couple minutes after the message was sent.. please fix this problem cause i've been having problems with the facebook notifications on my notification bar for a month or more, thanks in advance.. :)
Wld be great if app wld downloaf to my phone.
Takes too much memory on my phone, wish I could move it to SD storage...
so slow in my alcatel one touch po c5 plss. fix the problem
Good
<3
Rough application
Ok
OK
Something's wrong with mines thou...
Crashing
Pls.. can u solve my Facebook i cannot install thanks..
Nyc c c c c c
It won't let me log in on my phone. Get through on the laptop. Fix the problem need to be connected
wawe
It would be great if I can give a photo comment using this app. I wonder why you didn't make this happen :(
It the best
It alright
Awsome
saroen kong
Please everything is good now but please the app is too big.set privacy so that we can move the app to sd card.. please fix that
Nice
After the last update, this app uses most of my battery
Facebook
I have it set to automatically update and whenever it refreshes nothing comes up. Its really irritating. Thats why I deleted the app b4. Smh          The app keeps freezing almost every time I try to do anything!
I like the Facebook
Awesome
So much better than before!
OK before all these updates fb worked fine now all of a sudden it crashes randomly.  Fix it and maybe we will give it better ratings and reviews
Everytime when I send friend request. .my fb is automatically log out..plz fix it..
Of fb, please scatter my news feed from the prior month said Noone ever!   Please bring back recent feed as a default we can set!
Will not work since the new update..please fix
Whats wroNg. IN this app
Pictures are broken.  Useless app at this point.
Is good
Samsung Galaxy S2
thanks facebook..
But we need the copy texts option in this app . Please put it in the next update then it gna be parfect 
<3 <3
Excellent
Allow us also to edit our Custom view / privacy  for our Timeline post.
I being to love it...
Nice luck
Perfect
It always crash just right after i updated it.. Can't play videos and even havin a hard time making comments.. I uninstall it and now i can't download it. I've never had problems like this before.. I'm using android 4.2 jellybean..PLS FIX
New Facebook shuld have edit thumbnail feature in mobile facebook
Good
It takes ages to load. I can't even use it any more without rolling my eyes and waiting for ut to show content. I barely even use it now. It has a really nice aspect but it just crashes too much. Please fix :)
Easy to access and use thumbs up
Facebook
Good
Not good
When use wisely..its great!
Sharon Scott
Cant post a comment
It wont play videos
Okay
Excellent app.
For some reason all the people I might know are fake movie stars and nobody is local I have friends in every country except greenland
Cannot play videos! It sucks!
Too buggy. Freezing my phone. Fix it.
Like it :)
Face book

no comment!.
KEEPS FORCE CLOSING WTF FIX THIS!!!!
Great app ever
Works absolutely perfect on my note 3.
Nothing will load. News feed shows old things from months ago and nothing from today.
Good
new update ruin this app..always lagging.. disconnect loading data..
It is very  useful to all
The most I can say about Facebook mobile is it gets the job done. The news feed is terrible when it comes to updating or showing posts in the order I choose. They have fixed issues in terms of app lag and how smoothly the app runs so i upgraded my rating to 3 stars. This is far from an impressive app.
Very good
Works fine...
Since the last upgrade I have been unable to write a post or post a picture via my samsung galaxy. "Post failed - tap to retry." Very frustrating.
Feel mi soul
Ok
Love
very good :-\

Great social app
waiting for table ui... real ui!!!!
Best
only love
When I open my facebook app it closes immediately. PLEASE FIX IT.
I seriously want version 10.o.o.13.13 back.  You guys put allot of effort into your apps. Even the older versions, so why not allow people to download the old apps? Seriously, it's a good idea.
Like it
Love to hate it haha not a bad app
I love this app very much
There has been some lag on the app and is hard to move up and down
... the best
It won't let me play videos
Please please please fix this problem. This bloody app keeps getting crashed. I have to use fb all the time. This should be fluent n flawless. But it has the biggest flaw :/ please help. I m sick of it :/
Slow
It choose's to be less
Great and awesome very easy to use I love it
Always something messing up with the app. Always
Arigato
Is good but I don't like when I to update
Please fix the battery issue
Zion febrito quinn wijaya
NOW Facebook wants access to my SMS messages and other unnecessary things?  Screw ALL of you at Facebook, especially Zuckerberg!
Facebook.. Com
Outstanding
Its okay but TOO MUCH DATA !!!! FIX THAT PLEASE THANK YOU .
Sucks on z1
loved it
Few pics & videos showing up
For some reason now I can't watch videos on facebook anymore plz fix it. I use to be able to watch videos now I can't. Ugh
there is some bug it keep auto close
Kajang
Yesssss
Great app
Widespread error...annoying as hell considering how popular videos are on fb just now...please check forums everywhere and fix the error!!
Better than instagram!
dissapointed....;(back from old.its better.........
Yeah
Facebook rocks dudes
Lol Haha
Facebook is best
I like it!
Any used it...
I really like the updates you've made. Keep it up.
This app is nearly worthless. None of the pictures show up on my newsfeed. NONE. I'm about to delete my account. Not just the app - my account.
Good link to your best friend
Excellent
Since last update i can not play videos on fb. Hope get a new update soon to fix this problem
We can meet all words with Facebook
No doubt
It keeps on not responding please fix I'll rate it a five
Nice
Social Media
i like
Having trouble watch videos
Nw y voicemail is nt working ..nd give option how to privacy our profile..
Musthafa
The notification numbers on the Facebook icon just keep going up regardless of whether I have "read" them. Very annoying.
Itz amasung
As there will always be bugs and updates, I would like to infinitely thank everyone at Facebook for making staying in touch with family, friends and receiving news updates so simple. Ty and keep it up. The world, I'm sure, appreciates all the hard work.
Overall functionality and speed is fine. However, the ability to reply to specific comments in comment threads is missing, creating aggravation and confusion in discussions. Also, the splitting of messaging into separate app was redundant. News feed defaulting to "top stories" instead of "most recent" is also a major complaint shared by many users, but not addressed. Samsung Galaxy Note 3.
I like it
So good...like this app
I noticed that some videos automatically play whether you want them to or not. This would be fine except when I scroll past one of these that I DONT want to see, it starts to play and when I get to one I DO want to see it plays the first one instead. VERY ANNOYING. Also now when I want to share something timeline options are covered up by a blue line. Looks like a mistake a little kid would make.
Since update it won't load news feed.
Can't login, have uninstalled n reinstalled and all I get I error loading or issues with my site! Seriously fix it! Last update messed it up! If it's not broken then don't mess with it!
It is a  great way to talk to people live far away great I love Facebook
Closes spontaneously!!
The
These people have ruined facebook on my phone. I wouldn't even use this app if I were you. It's the worst..
Description
Make sure it doesn't take much space because it takes a lot on my phone.
BEST NEED TO FIX LAGS
Wild
This is an absolutely stupid app!!!!!!!!
need more space.. and i cant move it to sd card.
Works perfectly
It waa very fun and can make fri with someone that you don't know
Works well. The new features and additions are nice.
I really helps me chat or call my friends.
Chet tendays ones updat west
Last version i can download video files but after update i cant download videos. Please sort out .

It doesn't show the most recent feeds automatically - kinda sucks.
Love it
Parecchio user friendly ma l'impossibilit¨¤ di ordinare le notizie secondo una sequenza temporale fa perdere un sacco di punti. O sono scemo io o hanno tolto questa poasibilit¨¤.. E non capisco perch¨¦!
Wont load
I completely ruined my address book with this. Take care.
Very nice
Terima Kasih
Fix the bugs notifctn dsnt cm
Worst app ever.
So tired to redownload
Fb app i love it
Kela
Good App. But... Why do they have to update almost everyday? Why not do a major update weekly?
Great :D
Jujnejiiiit
Average not so latest
It would be really nice to actually be able to reply to a person in the comments. Until ok 4 stars. When that's fixed. Then it's 5 for me.
very good.
Ok
Good
Very good application
Its facebook what else is there to say!
I love to talk to my facebook friends
Beautyyyyy
its having lot mb but it taking much time to install .NIKHIL
Its better way to show what u feel inside your heart to anyone who know you or someone who doesn't know you well..I like this app..and I like share it
Excellent
Allah.se.mafi.
Constantly have to uninstall/reinstall due to connection issue. This is the only app on my phone that has this problem. Fix it please & then I'll give 5 stars!
Need to fix this problem I'm having on my galaxy S 4...  It just freezes and when I attempt to close it...  It takes a few minutes then finally closes.  I try to reopen it and same thing...
The update sucks so badly...
Mug bueno
I had uninstall the app because it froze..now when I tried to reinstall it, there's an error code that keeps coming up! And yes I have enough space for the app..Can you please tell me what to do??!
please add restricted lists please!!
Cool
Beverly an Johnson
My lg phone crashed from havong this app on it went and had to buy a new phone
Gsparambagoda
Love it
Only thing is that I don't want to have to cut my profile pictures to just that little box please change!
Great app works fast and no glitches
All is good
I like how my pictures won't all load after the update.....
gao gang
Ok
GOOD
Cant play hd video even the video originally is hd ...poor video quality
Good app. Great for keeping me updated with friends, but it isn't great because this thing is like a vampire and my phone is the sheep. Its draining the battery really fast than usual and  this also would be great if you can fix the video since I can't play it on my phone. Model is xperia Z so fix the video error issue.
Awesome
Why exactly do these updates keep getting worse? And why do they keep getting pushed on me? Auto update is turned off because I liked the last one. I didn't want this one, yet here it is when I turn my phone back on :(
facebook is good but not good hahaha great sangeen shinwari
Pls the size is very big!!
Awsm appS... all in 1...
wondalful
I check fb once a day, I don't want it running constantly. Also since the update on July 22, it has been crashing in the background frequently. My phone is running very slowly and battery drain increased. After removing this app my phone speed returned to normal. Guess the web version will have to do.
Unable to download facebook
I like it
Yet another update that is complete shite.Cant play videos on my tablet but if I go directly to the video on YouTube etc I can view it no problem. If my friends comment on a post I cant see it if too many people are commenting on the same post. I have to scroll through all the comments to see theirs. Time line is still not in chronological order. Fb you suck.
Awesome business building tool.
So lembab la access fb from lenovo a516! I hate!
I absolutely hate it. I have to constantly clear my storage out every time I log in which in turn logs me out. So sick of this application
im board soo yeah
The app says, katana has stopped. I don't know why this app is the only one malfunctioning. Please fix!
very exellent
Facebook
So nice
Hustle
Fun
Awesome
Can't upload a picture from my gallery (download folder or other album), get redirected to the most recent of my camera roll instead. And yes, need "most recent" feed as a default option again.
Keeps me in touch with my gang
Not really the best freezes up all the time
Has just destroyed it. Can't visit my groups...Reducing my 5 stars to 2.
Nice
I like to browse through it and it's great to chat to friend's and family
a.bit slow but fast of technology quite good just needs to improve on the loading.
I keep getting kicked out.
It's getting better
Crashing and shutting unexpectedly. Replies are not possible
Sara
Moble numer 

S560
Boring
Yo
It takes forever to download then tells me that there is an error.. Wow. Sort it out! I use this to communicate with family who are a great distance away from me and now I cant talk to them at all. So disappointed with this.
Good
Casino
Fun to stay connected
The last 5 updates the app has gotten more and more unstable on my phone to the point that now I can't get my news feed to work and when I cleared the data on it to fix it it won't let me sign in now. Fix your the app and quite adding useless stuff until it's stable and maybe I'll put it at 5 stars.
Entertaining
Has improved a lot!
Why can't you move some of the storage to the SD card?
Rescent updates
So much errors to publish directly from You Tube and publishing Status. This last one version doesn't goes well.
Mantap
Waktu baru2 sih lancar2 aja . Eh tapi pas kemaren gue buka gak biaa masa. Gue liat notif tulisannya "no notification" -_- . Error juga. Benerin coba -_-
Not my life but it is for yazmin cherry
Coool
Update, months later, the entry windo is Still Too Small.  I dont need to see other posts when i am replying, i need to see my own post and be able to scroll to fix typos pre post!   What i do mow is post and immediatly edit.  Ugh.                             Last year's plea - Please allow a bigger window for status.updates.
Nice
Great
do the best and good luck
My daughter live it
Every time I try to use the app it shut down or force close
Excellent 
Would be great if it had the option to keep my news feed most recent and NOT TOP STORIES! Having to go into the menu every time and select most recent just to see my news feed is ridiculous and annoying. Please fix or I will have to uninstall...
Best thing ever
Better
Cool
The widget never updates status's and doesn't allow me to open the app. When I do have the app open in the middle of reading posts it resets the feed and shows me things I've already seen. Facebook used to be cool but all I see is ads and videos, my feed defaults to most popular and not most recent.
Cool
Yang terbaik
When I install it,it takes up loads of storage and tells me to delete stuff when theres nothing I can delete..Fix and rate will be higher!
I liked the older scheme style better
I want "Most Recent" for my default!  Stop the nonsense please!
There's something wrong with my Facebook ecery time i post a comment tells me that comment failed to post. Why
please fix this program because have many things to fix
Newest update blows. I don't want posts from a week ago. Why do you keep doing updates so much? Out of all the apps I have on my phone Facebook takes up the most space and with every update the space it takes up increases. I'd like to see all posts and most recent. Most recent isn't 3-5 days ago and if I don't go to everyone's pages I miss a lot of updates that I feel are important.  I want to see all posts not what ones Facebook thinks I want to see.
Too nice app
Keeps locking up before it even opens!! FIX!!
Wanna see latest post, not from last week one. After update is gone bad

Can't search members in a group. Come on.
Love it helps and faster
Love it
Cool, I like it
fehmida
kool
The latest update keeps crashing my phone
Thanks
fantastic
After the update, it asks me for my account details. I fill them in and then I have to wait 2 minutes for it to load and then I get greeted with a black screen and a notification that Facebook isn't responding. Amazing Facebook.
I loveeeeeeeeeeeeee it
I really like the new app it's better and it has the widgets of the pc,  however it is a little slow. But I like it
Nah it's good but I can't upload and watch video here, 3 stars for a moment, pls fix this! I really love this app :3
Awsome
Getting error message when trying to play videos on FB..please fix. Thank you.
love it
Takes way too much time to load pics unlike the previous one before i updated the app. I hope it gets better as iupdate it
This app doesn't update fb news. Most recent showing is over 5 hours ago, yet I commented on a post a few minutes ago on my pc. Videos keep coming up with error messages too. Very poor, sort it out!!
Love this app.
The only reason for not using this app is because of the HUGE selection bar on top. What's the use of using your S4 smartphone on landscape view and having such a small full screen view. Facebook Minimal's selection bar looks so much better.
Oh anna yeth sala update malpuni...enna mb kali malporche mare....nikleg bethe bele ejja..
Facebook
Its a cool apple
Ive had enough now! I can't get used to having this news feed. I just made myself look really stupid by commenting on a status from 2days ago as it was top of my feed! Please change this! Even when I change to 'most recent' in the menu it still showing me statuses from days ago!!!!! Come on it was fine before please change it back!!
Great app to keep in touch with my friends
Verry god apps
if you scroll alot in news feed then if your going to message , then ur going back again ! fuvk update ! i hate facebook ! grrrr
Lov
Why are things I'm writing not coming up, but staying faded so no one can see my comments??? Also, why does this app work on some days, but is a big pile of steaming sh*te on other days, ie:nothing wants to load??
Ali
I like it
Was working perfectly till update. If I see a picture or post out share it takes me to the top of newsfeed. I can't picture comment if I try it doesn't post and I'm back to the top of newsfeed again...        Fixed but can change from top stories to recent on news feed
Kalim
Its amazing i dont know what id do with out it *-*
Pending post a always seems to have network errors. Nothing else does
I can not login
MD rashel
Julie
Good
Good apps except few bugs. Playing video is a problem in Xperia z2
I have a good wi-fi and it keeps saying no connection but when I tap the retry it doesn't work! Fix this!
When I get on fb it             doesn't update I have to get ahold of y'all to fix it
It's just not the same as going online to Facebook. You can't edit stuff (such as religion, liked music, liked shows, etc...) like you can online.
Eeeh
When I try to open my notifacations it closes please fix it fast
Good I love it
Another app I do not need or want that now comes on the phone so that you can't get rid of it :-|
Quick assess to fb like it
Lovely
This app was getting better till y'all decided that we should have to preview every fn video anyone we follow post. The GIF cap shows my phone and tablet app to a crawl. Used to be four  stars .
it is best
Excellent
The feeds show up in a scrambled order. It seems this starting happening with the most recent update.
Love it
Nah
So you can read my private text messages without my permission? Download files without my knowledge? What the hell, im not letting an app stalk me
The Facebook App Consumes to much (MB) and this can become extremely annoying.
May not be able to view videos but this still allows me to contact my family and friends
Good
B
Keeps getting worse now draining my battery!! Wtf every upgrade!
This is one excellent  social app too have to connect with friends family and far away people you dosent know to join facebook.
so its so cool I just love it and you have better stars that anyone
This last update sucks!!! When someone tags me in something it won't show on my timeline even tho I have to approve it . When I go to look at it it keeps saying try again....Not to happy about this...
This update is horrible! I want to see my newsfeed in recent order, not defaulted random.
Poor update
Great way to connect on the go!
Best..
Amazing app:))
Cn do better..:-)
This is how i stay connected to everyone, anytime, anywhere.
So much easier :)
It keeps closing when I am uploading a video fix ASAP please
Lame!!!
Dawnload
Still will not play videos, as of 24July2014, YouTube still plays videos... Just saying...
Goes slow please fix
I love it since I'm on meh phone its better. But to go with this App u need Messenger to call people!!!
I had the app before. But got new phone and now I try and install it and it days unknown error code -24????
I can't even get on mine it keeps saying it's stopped working and4 throws me out,sick of this app fix it!
Good
Disappointed
Hella fbf
Imrankhan
Love it
Acaimarisya
Love it:)
Nice social app
From 22mb to 80 mb i can't understand why
Anybody wanna kik me? Cleveland_brown123
great
The world changer app. Information,  entertainment and an app which brings long lost friends and family together. All thumbs up.
Help me play subway surfer with my friends on Facebook u all keep changing my password this is my phone, Lilgbabyf is my grand son not his phone not his password can u help
Automotive
Please fix.
Not opening at all, and when it does open, it's a very screen then it says sorry Facebook is not responding . please fix!
I like this facebook
I can't play any videos on my cell phone app. It always gives me a "sorry, but an unknown error occurred while trying to play this video" on every video I try to watch. It has been happening for about 4 days. I have uninstalled and reinstalled and no change. Please fix.
Great way to stay in touch with friends and family
Love it
I can't view my video folder in this FB application. Why?
JAI BARANWAL
Put my freaking posts in order of when they are posted..... why in the world would I want to see a post from 3 days ago and not the most recent posts from my friends? Oh and why the heck can't I see EVERYONES posts... I know I only see a small few of the posts that only a few select people post... I WANT TO SEE ALL THE POSTS FROM EVERYONES IN MY FRIENDS LIST IN ORDER OF WHEN THEY ARE POSTED!!!!!!!!! *ALL POSTS *IN ORDER!!!!!!
I like keeping in touch with my friend on Facebook.
good app
Great
I love this app.
i cannot set it to recent #would like some help
I like it
Every time I download Facebook it takes all my storage space I delete all my games and still takes all my storage space I give this 1 star
It easy and smiple.
Ika piye iki jajal tak buka
Insufficient storage available every day why?
Facebook
Horrible app. It freezes all the time and moves super slow.
Why cant add facebook photos to contact photo. I can remember it was available in last year. Plz add this option again. I want that option always. Please add it again.
Slowwww...
Need most recent news feed as a option
So Cool
Excellent website
Awsome
Awesome app
Good
i am loving the apps.
Impressive how fast face has incorporated itself into everyday life.
Amazing love it makes easy access to fastest way to see and post everything i want
Facebook is alsom
Application
Tui lip bkiy redsa illa kij type zoli goja depa ho
Very nice what else can I  ask for
Needs an update to involve the "other" message folder.....its stupid I have to use my browser to access it                             NEW ISSUE: when I go to my chat bubbles, all I get now is "WAITING FOR NETWORK". Will not connect to the internet.
Amazing app very fast working love it
I like this app
Loved it
Love
Works better than before but you should be able to add/remove people on your custom settings and have the ability to block/unblock people.
I don't know what's wrong but i can't login on my fone,plis can you fix it ASAP
It cant be uninstalled in any way and  when i open it and start checking my news feed it close by it self what i should do ?
Freezes crashes forces my phone to reboot and completely shut off since last update. WHAT IS UP!  :-(  :-(  :-(  :-[uninstall/reinstall, ic this dont work byebye facebook!
Love facebook application its easy
Takes too long to download
Won't play videos needs another update
Love it
Facebook sucks now cuz of the new update everything is slow and stupid fix it
I wanna see reply on comments before i die
I like the new interface, speed and functionality is the best its ever been.
App doesn't work on WiFi. Only connects properly when using 4G
Up up
i updated it and its worse than it was i want the  old one back
Great go on give it a go on
To add photos and the comuntes ....
You can do it better
Jakir
It has grown in size,  decreased in performance. Loads slowly now. (Uninstalled and reinstalled,  no better)  Pictures take forever.  Still lacking ease of control over news feed. (when I want only most recent,  let me set it and forget it,  not have to change it every time I reopen) performance just lags big time.  I am on a Galaxy 4s running 4.4 my wife is experiencing the same problems on her Galaxy 3s
Why can't play videos over mobile data connection but working fine when using WiFi
Arvind
Best thing on social media
Jori
But but not working properly as previous.... :( although nice
Love Facebook
I like facebook but this app needs improvements. It takes about 5 whole minutes just to log in and then no matter how much I press most recent it keep giving me the same old stories and one other thing my notifications don't show up on time.
I shared several times two pictures from instagram with facebook, instagram said that were succesible shared and my pictures won't appeared in facebook.
Good app
The update really f**ked up the app. I can no longer like or comment on post. Sometimes takes too long to load
Shared videos can not download
keeps freezing up keeps uninstalling from my phone have to keep reinstalling on my phone
Halibks
Cool
Awesome
I Love fackbook
Dhruvi
When trying to play videos it will continuously pop up as "unknown error" this is increasingly annoying and will be deleting this app if it is not fixed.
hot game
Krishna
Gashi
Still lagging. Please fix it.
Its superb
Awesome
very good
I really dislike the top stories !!
Soo cool
Awesome!
Weview by romi dushku
I keep seeing the same old people's status!!!
Cool
Dope
Connects to family and friends..
Great program
Muy buenas
I Want The "Most Recent" Choice Back Instead of "Top Stories" Because I'm Seeing Stuff From Days and Days Ago Rather Then Posts 1min Ago. Please Fix. Phone: Moto G
Dam slow n while scrollng down it goes up agn! Plz du fix it!!
Facebook loads. So fast
Good apps
That it
Note3 user here. Everytime on desktop FB, always have to keep open new tabs for each articles I like to read. Finally, the mobile does the same too!  (since too many story to read but the new "Save" helped me a lot!)
Developers don't seem to listen to the users. I don't want the Top News by default!!! Who cares about posts from three days ago? No way to set Most Recent by default and it's a pita to set it every single time. Also, Turn Off Notifications never works!!! Each update makes things worse.
Terima Kasih
For an older version
Can't even get it to download to my phone! Says invalid format!
Rose
I can't see improvement in terms of speed...very slow and heavy in operating.
This app is so convenient
I have a lot of storage on my phone like about 20.23Gb or Mb nd it will not update saying not enough storage but i knoe dats a lie... Fix it asap nd i will give yall a better rating thx
Up

You guys are constantly striving to make the application better and it's starting to show alot of improvements since my last post
Great
Except that when I like a status, comment, or photo 2 seconds later it unlikes it. And it won't let me watch videos, but it's just this app. Anywhere else (youtube, blogs, etc) works fine.
It's very good.l like it sooooooo much and God bless the person who invented it.
Too slow even in 3G
Nexus 4 and Nexus 7. Latest update is not responsive to touch. Have to close and reopen alot.
I can't post any Videos and it keeps saying my videos are "inappropriate" I don't understand why. You'll get your 3 stars back when you fix this.
Good
The new update is terrible. Need the old one back!!!
Nice person like to have fin
Good application
It said package file is invalid. Wtf.?
Amazing love it
Nothing is working. I can't retrieve my messages or notifications. My internet connection is perfect but my Facebook won't load up.
Mostly OK, but items deleted for each week or two constantly reappear, and the gray "why don't you want to see this" bar stays for days.
Facebook
Very bad app compared to ios app
Every update makes the app slower and slower
Apps
Biswas
Every time I try to use the messenger it's horribly slow.
Hehe fun :/
I llllooovvee it
very nice
its alright.
In my samsung galaxy tab 2  10. The app close  spontanously and i need to restart it it need some work to gain 5 stars
Good application
123456
I. Like it . Just Hope its Comparable W/Google Chrome & Don't CRASH
Love it
Great aps
Don
Mobile icon has disappeared beside my name in chat . I got to know this from my friends profile . Please Facebook fix this
Quality is worse than other
Lobe it
butt
loved it :)
Gud
Every time I log on I get asked if I want Samsung to view my profile or whatever. And it keeps syncing with my calendar without my permission. I have to close it down to log off. I only use fb for games but sometimes I actually log on and it reminds me why I stay away. ALSO I can't send videos from my phone as a message!?!?! I don't want to post it even if I can set privacy.
I'M DOING NOTHING WRONG YOU KEEP DISABLING MY ACC FOR WHAT? STOP BEING CHILDISH YOU GUYS NEED TO GROW UP AND GIVE ME MY ACC BACK
Verry good
I love it :)
Good
Great app
Awesome
Gr8
N
The great apps
Please allow us to use the app and turn OFF the feature, in the inbox, that enables people to call us.  Sooooo not cool. I don't want random people calling me from Facebook.
cant downloas bs
Its a great app.

Can you please fix so we can reply to comments made on Like Pages/Groups? Just like we do tbrough our browsers? When someone replies to my comments, I can't reply back. I must sign in via the browser to do that... :/  And the new version consumes a lot of data AND battery! Please fix this!! And can you PLEASE FOR THE LOVE OF GOD let the gallery folders open instead of all pictures by newest when uploading pictures? Thank you.
After update, I get no notifications what so ever.
Cool @
It's really excellent. Because my favourite time pass social network
Shyamsoni
I would give it a 5 Star but I wish when you post a link to share in your status that it brings up a picture with title and short description like the IOS version, and then you can go erase the link and it still remains in the field.  Other than that great app.
like facebook... but sometimes it annoying with the game request notifications..
Liked it
Fantastic
Very nice app
Why can't we keep the album privacy to close friends via this app? Is that so hard to add those lists in privacy drop down? Why no custom privacy?
This app sucks when did they deside to move their web page
So-So
Nice but still want something more: (
store department
I..like..
Easy and fast to use this programme
Super
I swear with every update, this just gets worse! I now cannot like anything, share, upload,  comment on anything! Have reported it numerous times but no reply and nothing done!
Cannot open and download video on facebook.
So good
Its okay
Hard time opening. Force closes or freezes
Facebook
Love it
I wish we will get a mini version of it as like opera mini very soon to save MB.
Tolong r jgn erek lme ngat . .
Pictures are not surfacing on my A45 videocon mobile.On reporting no action.How queer that no face on Facebook!
Jesus loves u all
Jt
Can you please make it movable to SD Card? Please.
Need an option to download Videos
I was able beta tester now tjat I'm not and closed out of the program I am unable to download the correct version of facebook. Please help
This app is always "not responding" and I hate that I can't sort by the most recent stories in my feed.  This app used to be a lot better.
UI need to be improved
Too slow very mch load
Cool
1. Need copy paste option and 2. I cant see each and every notification...I also reviewd my account settings but everything is fine there....Please fix it............... 3. Add reply option in the comments section of the page's posts!!
lovely
Bad
App is godd but there should be some themes to change color of the app
It's Amazing To Use This Brillient App.. But If I Download Something It Goes Very Slow..Improve It...:(
Nice
Gooooooood
enjoy and very eg apppp
Love it
Ok repot
Great
Occasionally crashes
Google
Works fast
Hadar ali
Too much lag
Saneesh malabar gold
i still like the older version where you can choose whether most recent or top stories. yes, you can still access the most recent but i want it as my default news feed.
The app won't open I tried many times and it always closed
I think it needs some tweaking but all in all, decent
Terbaik..
Videos will play for a few seconds and error will pop up. Iv read online and it's an android issue since an update. This has been an issue for way too long without any fix for it. Makes app useless if fb through browser works better
Uninstalled app bcuz it kept saying error w/ network.Tried Reinstalling the app, even Reset phone, still won't allow me to update app
It won't let me watch videos it keep saying error
Doesn't do anything above and beyond - its just an average app - a shortcut to FB.
Still can't share posts in a private message. It also doesn't show all the posts if you have it set to Most Recent, but I don't like Top Stories as I don't want a mix of new posts & old posts I've already seen!!
Wonderful
Stupiddddd app!!!!!
It's Okk but
Nathan
I am love in frome Facebook
nice app bro
OK when moving around. I would've liked a bigger screen. I use the PC often. Updates are hell they do not work. I have to uninstall and reinstall to work around the problem.
Of all the advancements why can't the app be moved to the sd card? That will make this app better in my humble opinion!  Thanks!
Can't open videos anymore!
Easily log in and easily logs out bt can b improved ...
Nice way for social interaction.
Nic
Awesome
Easy use... Free call .. Easy photo upload .
I like this app bc its conveniant and easy to use
Good app
It's always signing me out
Great app
Nice
Nice
Abc
I love Facebook
Working properly but make it more light...
I
If you would make It to were you could play music like MySpace did , I'd love this app even 10x more. You should think about doing that.
It seemed to be a decent app but used large amount of ram
Best kalu
I don't want to use Facebook messenger. Please restore this functionality. The app is also too heavy
Dont work properly
Since updating the FB app, it freezes after about 10-20 seconds of scrolling then crashes. What a great feature!
Best app from the start
I fuking love it
Not good enough
can't send mp3 on fb
Ok
Updating life
Fb have done it again! Released an "update" that just kills the experience. Getting lag when trying to scroll or just no scroll at all. Also just had to move the news feed up about 1/4 inch just so share would work...
Awsome
This is a important social apps which joins peoples in their busy life.
Its a simple application for mobile not work like PC or LAPTOP
Bc
Problem with app temporarily out if service. After being on it for more than two minutes. It started about two days ago. Please fix it.
Always after installing this apps while opening it says please uninstall it and try again what's the matter???? We dnt have rubbish time to install n again uninstall it
This apps is brileant
It's far to big takes up far to.much space it's slow takes ages to load yet it says it's fast when it clearly isn't its frustrating every update you have to uninstall first then update or you get a message saying not enough memory please fix your all ment to be geniuses listen to what the people are saying facebook is ment to be for the people so fix it please
Pariksha
Absolutely crap! Latest innovation of being able to turn off notifications doesn't work!!! It's exactly like the iphone version now.... A newsfeed that's displaying days old posts. Put it back how it was
Y are there 2 seasons
Ilike it app
WTF!! The stupid thing is that we cannot send the friend requests to the peoples we know.. If we send a more requests this Facebook will block you that means you cannot connect with the people across.. Stupid feature.. LOL for what you making this app only to do like on the posts of celebrities.. better don't use it.. don't want to give even one star.. very disappointing..
This app takes up WAY to much data to keep using. Pkus it doesn't share date with my SD card so I cant continue to keep using this app. Overall ita good. Just data usage sucks!!!
Wonderful app, today's must application.
Is the butyful app. But error this my hand set
Nice
It started to freeze on me and my sister in law...  We both have different phones 2 .
Good app
Slow
Please fix this.
Version sucks...Won't load period...I get notification but can't see them cause the fb app won't load...I've tried reinstalling it same problems...fix it
what d hac is dis....?after login only app got closed... dont know what is happening here...m using moto g.....
Constant updates
Nais
Issues with my notifications
Furr
UNIT SUKAN JPN JOHOR
Keeps crashing every time I try to play a video...
Awesome
After the last update application not working properly....
Face book
GOOD
The data is too much and it wont let you put some of this data in sd card. The app is 23mb in store but after its installed it becomes 108mb, WTF!! If you are going to do that, give the option of putting it on sd card. Is that too much too ask for?
I cant play videos. Pls fix!
I can not see the videos
Crashes all the time after latest update. Ridiculous. Fix it
I like it
Taim pas
I ama
C
Very good
Always repeat what we have seen.bored
Not good
Gud app bt please update vit feature to move to sd card cz large file size....
Good app
Meh
The mobile app does not stay on most recent in news feed. Also, the mobile app doesn't have the function to create an event in the group.
D last update sucks!!!
Great app
Awasome app
Stop
I just use my browser for Facebook because this app is useless. Literally every time I open the app it has to force close. Worthless app.
y
gud job
nice
Apiz everlast
Fb
we can't download videos on new versions. We could download on old versions (v6.....)
It won't let me sign up
Use it
Very Popular Social Network
it ggood to like pic easly
Please include it on the top or a pop up. Or for it to flash in notification
Facebook is very good to talk to your friends that you haven't seen in ages
Good application
Fb
I do not like this update or the changes. I refuse to use this until its fixed the right way. Rubbish
Support
I hate the fact that it runs in the background even when no one is logged in.
:)
This is the great application for Fb better than old version i like this app.....
It's app so good app
A coisa nas engrivel
Good
Osm
Facebook
like
I like it.. Awesome app
I'm still unable to untag that post my friends have tagged me unwontedly .
Everytime I try to play a video, no matter youtube, petblog, or anyone else's, I get an "Error, can't play video"!! BUT, I can go to youtube, Lifetime, CBS, etc. and play vidoes all day long. WHY??? It has been 3-4days. Yes, I un did update, uninstalled and reinstalled, powered off and back on, but still the same thing. Fix this please....SOON!!! (And yes, this is on my phone)
Oi plis fix...error loading wtf what!!! Video loading wrong!!! Can't cancel it...can't log out..loading so long..waste my time!!!
Nice
Excellent
Facebook has gotten so much better recently. Thank you.
Not updating... It's saying insufficient storage even though I have 500+ mb free
Is very good for Android  thanks
Nice working
I have uninstalled and reinstalled numerous times and still have the same problem. Please fix it
Short most recent posts
S5
K
hy
Takes 5 minutes to open and then just force closes randomly. Please fix.
Mom
Good
New Update Are very Bad,
NoT AwEsOmE anymore :( the news feed is all fucked up. It only shows friends feeds now and crap they share. I used to get my news from fb mobile.
Keeps me in touch with my friends all over the world.
Medo
After the new update recently I'm unable to view videos, I received an "error has occurred" message - HTC One M8
CoolSuper
Got scroll problem.. Please fix it
It takes up 140+MB on my phone since the new update! Please fix!
Need to fix the big app make it smaller plz
Just kiddin its zero stars
Video always on error cannot play properly
Lags a little on xperia z2 and lg g3. Please fix.
Ooooooooooo
Just prefect
Works Really Good.
Hate the new newsfeed! I wish it was the way it used to be. I want to see the pages I like in my newsfeed!
O
User friendly thank you
My messages dont come through until hours later. fix that and it'll be perfect. I'll be glad to rate you a five after that.
ok
I am very annoyed with the Facebook app because, although it is very good in many ways, one feature is very important/useful to me, which is to be able to sort my news updates from newest to oldest!!! I do NOT like having ONLY random news feeds/status updates on my mobile Facebook app!!! I have really looked everywhere within this app for an option to change this but cannot find any. Please change this with soonest update.
Is easy to open and less work. Before i was to use google chrome to open facebook. Thank u for facebook application.
Harjanto
Very safe
From New version we can save pics but we couldn't tag on images from mobile app... This is last version's review. Aftr using latest version I'll edit my review...!
Hanged most of the time. Please fixed the issue.
very high
I'm tired of not having the option to see the most recent posts. I don't want to see stuff from 2 days ago.
Mantap
Nice
Wow major improvement! Great job developers!!
Than ks
20051991
Now I can't log in for identity purposes df
Please me i dowload this app i well give u 5 star plz...
Doesn't allow me to set the news feed preferences. Really useless unless for event updates.
Nice app
I love it
sooo good

Love it
Very laggy and resource hungry!  I have a new note 3 with not much on it and the app occasionally needs to be force closed as it will not scroll or close!!   Last update was better...... don't even mention the random news feed!
Working fine... I love it...
Ie
Excelent
Nice
Fb
Like this app
Rodong
Badass
New phone. And it's better on my new phone
Jalk Jalk
Could've given 5 stars....please add option to copy posts
I hate dis updates. Pls change it
Contact with friends
The facebook is very simply because he is help my chatter the my all friends so i love this facebook application wow
My app has not responded or loaded in weeks.
I want to be able to change the custom setting on posts from the app. I don't want to have to go to the mobile site, change it to desktop, then type in the names of people who I don't want to see a certain post. Its annoying.
Good
I DON'T WANT THE SHITTY ANNOYONG MESSAGER APP
Y u made facebook this is haraam
5.5fit
This app is good
Too gud
Well better..  Not crashing anymore
Ok
Rahul
Having problem while scrolling down..  Bt nt wen scrolling upwards.. Only aft dis updt
This  is good when you have a lot of friends you get to talk a lot
It opens as 'Most Popular' which I never use; I want to see everything.  I switch to 'Most Recent', but not everything shows.  Last night a post a few hours old from my neighbour was under 'Most Popular', but under 'Most Recent' I saw nothing from her, even scrolling back 36 hours.  Clicking on her name I saw she'd made four posts in that time, none of which showed.  They did show on my PC (out of order, of course), but what good is this app if I have to read again on a PC to see if I missed anything (and it's usually a lot I missed).  Also, there is no way to enlarge the text.  No local settings, and it ignores global settings.  I guess if your vision is less than perfect, Facebook doesn't want you.
Horrible it keeps freezing & booting me out please fix !!!
I updated it on my Lg nitro HD and continuously observing app hanging up and closing before even loading news feed. Give me previous one back.
It must have calling facility through smart phone. Plz update this soon
After fixing the WiFi problem app is ok....
Love it
VvvvvVery good
This sucks can't sign in the "network" sucks I've tried logging in on 2 phones
Good
Sharma
The only thing I don't like is that it is ALWAYS on.....
SUNNY.BIRRING
Very nice
Official_tyraaa
NITIN
Dont have nothing to say!
Best apps
good
Very nyc n advanced app
Good
It won't let me login!! Every time time I try to login it says it has an unknown error please try again this app needs to be fixed
Videos doesn't work ...cooldown..fix it
Facebook
Gagz
I like it much
It's should move to sd card
Very slow
good
The updates make it unusable on my phone fix it
It's ok
Good
U'll love it...that's 4 sure!
Most fav
Koerar bligos konte mirar gedubrag kulutuk kulutuk .... pokonye manteb dah ah
It needs more privacy options
Ok
the app is space hungry..pls shrink the app size and also include the option to install the app in external sd card
Having a lot of issues. I keep getting a pop up that says activity in Facebook is not responding. Please fix the issues, I never had this problem until Facebook updated the app. I like the old app better. Ugh
Ooooo
Is who they sell your Facebook information too  t-.-t
Loved it
Need more upgrading.... To slow... :(
Good
Its the beat now on the go I can go on facebook on my phone :)
How many times i reinstalled the app. because every time i open new link or watch a video it consumed my remaining memory....i hate it pls pls pls pls fix it.....
Nice one
good i like it
After the most recent update, I am completely unable to view any notifications that are new. I have to first view them on a desktoo in order to access them.                                                 ETA (July 24 2014) Now cannot access notifications--says I have none at all times--cannot view Timeline, News Feed, or anything via mobile. Absolute bollocks.
Astig to
Very Nice And Updated App
Bahut fast ha
I like this
Is a cool app jux dat its slow n annoying sometyms
Ola.
Vry good
I like it so much.
My home social media
Its okay
Is it not as responsive as last update? Fix it...
Given a 3 bc it doesn't have most recent story option. ..
Al Imran Mon Tumi Jibon
Keep force closeing every time I wanna see my recent. It was way better when is was one button to switch from most recent to top stories
Enjoy the facebook
Good
Room for improvement of the UI.
I am enjoying updating my fb account .. that's all . . But it takes a couple of minutes to download ..
sapina
I would love request that anyone can see my public post but cannot share it not unless he/she is on my friendslist. Some of the people are sharing my pics with a bad or rude caption on it. Please do something about this. Most specially the cover photos which we can't change from public to just friends to look at it. Thanks!!! Hope you take time on my request. God bless!!!.
Social networking app
Won't load news feed today!
I love it
It consumes a lot of data.
I love facebook :)
Mr
Can do much better
This is #%&$#&.I don't know what confirmation code is
Great
Joli
Apparently it works, but I absolutely hate the fact that there is no option to show the most recent posts in the news feed. Why did you have to remove it? Won't rate higher until you do this. I am downgrading from 3 stars to 1.
Good app
Super
Its great
Awesome App no words to describe
Raja vel
All features are cool
Hey
Full of fun
Great way to look at Facebook with being home.
I like
Keeps on crashing
I deleted facebook twice and I have two page that that is still on when i deleted now i have to start over again  and im tying to make a new page but everytime I put in my email address it says someones is using it and I know that because its , my accout and I dont remember my pass word and I reset it and when I reset it and put in my new password it says that it is not the right one so can u delete my two page so that I dont have anymore problems please thatnk u I can tell u which one to delete
Sweet
New update by default resists installing on SD card. You have to keep on phone memory.very poor. I am going to stop using Facebook.on the name of update they have  taken away our right to select install location.
Ak dum bekar koi download na keryo
awesome
Nice
W
Whenever I watch a video on fb it always comes up "unknown source "
It clear that you're working hard on this app !!! Truly better
not gud bec i cant save any pic.....
Greatly appreciated if your interested
I like the way I can keep in touch with family and friends.
Nice One
Awesome
I love this app
Works great.
many glitches, ui is bad, too inefficient, eats too much ram
Its an asome
Very good
The updates have been way better than before. The only problem I have found is not being able to choose "Top Stories" or "Most Recent" on my news feed. Other than that, keep up the good work.
bhut gatya browser h itne late processing kerta h is se to thik opera h
Okay....
Nice one
Improved
So bakwass
Very good connectivity app
Dipensa
It doesn't want to work
Loving the new update AWESOME!!!
Good
Yes i lv it ....
Hay
Facebook
Baik
Zuker all you Facebook users you are ALL  HUNGUP  Don't let "social media dictate your. LIVES!!!! Don Grube
Awsome
Vadia
Pretty sure this app gets worse with each update. Will not let me view videos now!
Very nice
Cant see my new comments. Fix this please

Give feature to disable app request from app also. It is available in web app.
Good
Great things you get them here
suppe
Thats i Z very slow for those that processer which are in only 1.ghz
:)
But still needs work. Like being  able to customize who sees your posts (you can do it on the computer and web)
Suprb
Keep in touch with everyone
Good
Keep it up you can do much better
Htc One V
It's OK
Bang bang
Fantastic

I can't share anything with anybody. I can only share to my own time line.
its so slow n i dont happy with this app....

I had create a account and chat with my friend thanks to facebook
The best
Wow!
The app is awesome
If i click on the video then the app closes.. Fucked up big time..
It is an app that doesn't eat monkey feces because it is monkey feces and that would be cannibalism.
Yet to improve . Get jammed.
Smile
Good
App never opens. I spend a lot of time trying to open it instead of being on it. Fix it.
Super
Since the update scrolling has been quite choppy and intermittent, very annoying.Other than that, I am satisfied as always.
Nice
Best ever application for social network
Good
Gud
The best social app ever found.
What's app just to make memory plz make it smaller and take tis comment into consideration
Google
To nice
To good
Love
Best mean of communication
Cannot load video
It's excellent but still need some fixing (y)
Takes lotta time to open/update

It is a good social apps.
closed itself when opened, slightly after update. very annoying. uninstall for the while
United
so simply super
Very bad nd slow
Good improvement
Wowowowowowowowowowow........?
Facebook
I am unable to see comments through notifications
via
Love this app. I love facebook
Not bad but good
After the update, it went slow and up until now I can't see any photos. Please fix!!!
its very good appp aver
Reliable
After update i can't stream all video as well, please fix it
Keep up FB
I like this... It's the first social media account that I ever had
Welcome
Gud hai
This app cannot be moved to sd card!!!!!
Must be updated now and always
I just want my newsfeed to default to "Most Recent" ALL THE TIME! Is that too much to ask???
Unable delete the photos posted and whatever deleted reappears. Please correct it
The first is that you are looking
Won't let me see my messages in my inbox everything is blank I send a message and nothing pop up or show keep saying sending failed
Imma
What happened to facebook.. It seems there are lot of problems after i've done updating it.... It sucks!!
Nice
It is an excellent app
put recent posts back if u want 3 more stars. And can no longer share a post to my page after update
I'm Jhayne....
More micromanagement, less control of what I want to see. Oh, and you keep edging the small businesses that drive consumers to your products and your corporate sponsors' products out of the newsfeed.  How about a little small business support instead of deterring us from using your social network app/web presence.  Mobile users can't even see my business cover page unless I resize it to something much smaller, negating the full page size real estate on the web
Need help to unlock next level
M giving less 2 stars because its giving less privacy settings and I dont want to see others posts.
Great ,!!!!! :-)
Nice app, not facing any problem while using this app on my tab.
like it
Good
Excellent widget and operation of functions available.
That cool this apps
Love it
Need to fix the news feed really bad I don't wanna see nothing from two days ago
I love fa ebony
This is so good!
Supar fp
Good
Love it
Love it can't live without!
Sk is nice
Abdulwali
I like it
Update the app to xperia mini x10...i need app like normal android user's...plz solve my prblm...
lebih mdh bk fb di sini daripada di internet
Great thin
It has some major loading issues....too slow....not good...I m not happy with it...
Cant play the video on fb very bad to play and have problem with the continue reading when i touch its open the comments not the article plz fix it otherwise 3 stars
Average app not best
Good
So good(bleh lh)
Hoooooooooo
Mahbob
Facebook aap is best
Yours amezing facebook
I love this app
But saying that I have other devices and do use and  Love this app ....but like everything could improve :-)
:-)
Videos stop playing and it's glitchy.  Only worth 2 stars until these issues are rectified.
Good
Term of servic
nice
I like it.....soooo much....
It is easy to use in smart phone
Sumith vasui
Facebook forever
SR
I only ever seem to see the same 5 people over again on my news feed, despite following nearly all my friends. I want an option to see recent posts from everyone.
facebook
Other apps scroll smoothly but for some reason, Facebook scrolling is jerky
i think u have to only allow the cover aurah photo
I am unable to access my "pending posts."
Its okk
Now it freezing up.  Smh.
Images are not loading quickly. Feed taking huge time to load.
Avg update..
just fine
Exo-amazing tho.
My key pad keeps disappearing, and its a tad slow, but its not bad
Old friend can get to gether
Excellent
Its work excellent on 3g or wifi network......
The layout sucks. It's still on default top stories. You have to go to an entirely different tab to get to most recent. If I didn't have to use Facebook to keep in touch with relatives, I would delete my entire profile. It seems like Facebook is only getting worse. Perhaps if they actually listened to the users, it would be better.
Madu
73
I really wish you would give us the option if we want people to share our posts, pictures, and videos. I can understand sharing an ecard or meme, but I hate that people can share my pictures especially ones of my son. This is something I wish would be changed on mobile and web version.  Also can we get a search option for groups.  It's a pain to scroll through other posts just to find something you posted in a group.
Take a lot of ram ussage
Cool update
Madan loved this
Good
niceee
Frequent update is very irritating
Ram
Love this app
What exactly did the recent update do? It's still slow, lags, and the most recent are still all out of order.
I love Facebook my good friend
Nice
Just can't get my photographs off its TL
Hello
927
Thank you for the updates it makes life easier
:)
Md.33221100
Reliable...... Gd.. (y)
Great app
When i click of my facebook app it kicks me right back off it and if i do get on when i go to hit share on someone else photo or something it kicks me off plz plz fix thanks
Lyk
awesome app.it is easy to access fb
I am very like
Good
Fuck ram usage
Loved apps
Look good
This is not bad bt sometime work in slow
Super
Why some videos we difficult to play in Facebook for this version.
Need more improvement
While I like being able to keep in touch with fami/y and friends far away, and share photos...I don't like how others share their whole lives to the world and relinquish any sense of privacy. I also don't like the graphic nature of certain account holders that my kids can see because those persons reveal too much, even in their profile pic. Privacy is important. The internet/Facebook shouldn't be used give up any of that hard earned privacy from our government and/or employers. The default settings too lax.
Sweet
Awesome
Attak raha hai yeh bekar sa app
Dhurve
Gooooooooooood
But i cannot copy paste the words..please fix it.
Music
I can't get signed back into my Facebook. If I would not get knocked out it would get a. ^5 but it can be more frustrating than it is worth.
Pujeri
Pls. try fixing the timeline review option which doesn't work at all because its really a pain for those who have opted for the review option before anything tagged/posted by anyone is visible on the wall! Rest everything works fine :)
Hop
Great tool
Good
Good
But:- vary slow
Love it...
Wow very wow.      .superb
Amazing! Great app!
The best
Exillent app Better speed,additional search button, better photo quality.
Its good to use so until before its slow
Excellent performance.................
The post setting was changed, we doesnt like watching yesterday post or post before yesterday in daily news feed. There should have been a setting to change new feed list to recent or as least make it default
Only option so "news" is seen in the "most recent" mode is no where near news reel. Unable to resend blurbs to individual people. It has become more complicated and less accessible.
Hi
Buena se las recomiendo!! :-)
Anil dadukiya
love it 
thanks for the browser ;).
However the new UI is great.... still the app eats a lot of RAM and space.... always running in the background... try to make it manageable and lite.... plzzz
its always frozen. it takes ages to load the contents everytime!! sucks. hopefully it can be better upgraded!!
Facebook Inc, who did you research that lead you to believe that anyone gives two & #$@+ about top stories? Idk why it's even an option, but to have it up by default with no option to switch it to most recent is ridiculous. The new app is awful and your designers need to go back to the drawing board ASAP!
The app works fine but i think the Messaging app need to allow you to log off if your on another person's phone
Fine
069386744
Served it's purpose
I like is the best
Awesome!
Cool
Always shows old newsfeeds!  please work on it!
Every time I search for a page or a person, the app closes
Testing...
Never had so much trouble trying to sign in and create a new account! VERY FRUSTRATING!
Great fun
It won't let me update anything
Best sangat......:)
I hate that there is no option for most recent and is always stuck on top stories. And now since the update I didn't on 7/23/14, the whole messages part is screwed up. Always giving an error. Telling me I have a new message but not showing the message.
Love
Nice
OK
This app very nice and easy .. thanx :)
Amazing aps
Good features
Always shown this error msg while playing the video in fb in the halfway. "sorry, but an unknown error occurred while trying to play this video." any method to solve it? As well as it can't share status or posts through private msg like computer version does.
Nxa app but I need privacy
love u facebook
The news feed is never in most recent order even after I select most recent.  Also notifications don't always come through and sometimes it says I have notifications and I actually don't.
Since the previous 3 updates on my Android Note 3, I'm no longer able to tag ppl who are not my FB friends but have made a comment in the status thread. Is there a setting that perhaps I need to change to enable this feature again for me?
Nyz
Thanks. I am proud of thes
Liki
App
I can now connect with friends, families and other people. Also, there were some bug fixes.
Ashwin sahi bol raha ...
Seems like whatever updates that were made in this latest pass are not working out on my device. It appears that it takes up all of my phone's available memory, storage space, and eventually forces my phone to reboot on a constant basis. The added kicker to this is that it also is somehow interfering with other apps too! Ugh! I'm going to uninstall the app until it's fixed and not so hungry for resources.
Hi
Last one so good, alot of problems in this version
Mr. Lobby
Selamat datang
Lol
Can't upload photo
Always force close evertime eant to share or create new status.. asus fonpad7
Since latest update nobody can see any of my posts.
This is very very very very perfect
Error video can not be played after some seconds of playing video.
Parmar
Good
Good
I love FB
Force close
Best
I guess the company's reign on people's lives has finally resulted [from losing popularity from other internet social programs like twitter, instagram and tumblr] into a tiresome and neglected social tool. As few as 3 of my friends out of almost 200 average my daily coincidental shared log ins with others. I think that Facebook [no matter how valuable it's net worth] is falling to the space reserved for the 1st one I used, that good ol' myspace. Not worth havin in my phone since its needy as it is for data.
Facebook
idiot always  tell eror
Faster
I love face book because you can chat en talk
Nice
Very good appp
Ok
I love facebook, and this a very very important apps.
Very nc app
It keeps not spooning all time fix it Facebook
Awesome
I like facebook
Give us choice to use old style

Wow
Udir
Too slow
Excelnt
Recently I have had nothing but trouble.  Cannot post or comment in groups or chat! Haven't been reported so not happy. Been a week now!
Can't watch videos on my phone
This app is taking up way too much space on my phone and its seriously ticking me off with it tellin me storage is running out when i jut cleared everything out of it so i could have room for this as well as the other apps i cant remove.
best social network ever but i want a new feature for the privacy settings option.just like how we can set our post to friends,public and friends of friends u need to get a settings that enables us to choose which friends can and cannot see our post.my mother in law is one my page and in don't want her seeing everything I Post
Yet another bad update. I get a plethora of notifications that I can't click on, and it rarely tells me I have one unless I am in the app and literally refresh it. I have all bars 4G and yet it still says cannot access notifications, timeline, news feed, connection error, etc. Every other "internet required" app is working properly but Facebook. Also recent post should be back as default. Hate going to certain places in order to find it.
No puedo comentar como "mi pagina" es decir si decido comentar o darle like a la publicacion de un tercero no me da la opcion de escoger mi perfil personal o mi pagina creada.    No lo quiero en la memoria del cel
I love having facebook as an app seeing as how i update my posts constantly however, every now and than i post something that i only want certain people to see so not being able to have a custom privacy settin tends to be a pain please fix this problem in the next update...
Y facebook is very very lag
The best
My photo uploads always fail even when my internet connection works good for the Facebook app and everything else. Please fix this.
Superb
It good for me and for you all
Good
Yaar :) Superrr
Every thing fine
Please fix the storage / data it takes too much space on my phone.
Diva
Sangat baik
Every 15 minutes the thing force closes or freezes it's TERRIBLE
Tulona bihin
This app is better than previous version 12.0........
Please improve performance.  its really laggy also a memory hog. Feature wise the app is quite nice but try to improve screen real estate
Its D.O.P life
G-TiDE E57
Facebook downloading not responding to my anroid..i hate this.
This app is now crap...I have to uninstall the old one in order to get the up dated one....keeps telling me error insufficient room....all I have is a few apps the rest are the ones that come automatically on the phone
Great
nice
The apps is just as I want it.
I
Booom
Cool
There's no privacy like before it was better but now if u put privacy or not it the same the who are frienda with you still can see my posts and photos plzz fix thaat and i will give you five stars
Thank you sooo much for adding 'stop notifications' !!!! I love the app again.
I have to force the app closed several times before works and then its still full of lag.
Please bring the recent posts search to default. ...
Fan
Alejandro perez hernandes
is very easy to post status here on facebook
I love ths app....
Good
Its ok
Im in love with FB(;
Fix Facebook this is ridiculous.  I wanna see what was posted while I was sleeping and this morning not things from 3 4 5 days ago this is annoying that Facebook won't even update to the most recent.  I hate this app and I hate that I was forced to update. Fix fix fix!!!!!!!
Fell in black custom play.
Great.
Special
Mst app
Slow! Very Slow!
Friends and family
Very poor. Please fix
Cool love it
So bad!
Better than previous ver.
I feel that facebook when used appropriately ,being a mature responsible adult , with the capabilify of treating the app respectfully i believe this app could be a positive age appropriate chat room
Shazia ejaz ferzeen
Not bad
Family
Helpful to communicate to others
Good app...
Ok
Why,WHY,WHY!
I install many time , but the hp salesman said Facebook haven't upgrade to newest , so cannot install newest Facebook , only can use oldest Facebook! Please faster fix it! Thank !
Best one
I LOVE IT
Great to have contact with others all over the world
Nice
Sak
Since update app is causing my phone to freeze up requiring a soft reset every time I open the app.
Fix contacts sync for kitkat..
Good work. ..
I like
friendship
I love this
An ok app.
Face book
The app is ok however when im trying to play video in fb it stops and getting an error. Xperia support advise that its the apps that causes the error. Please fix. Thanks
Literally Awesome App! It gets better and better every second
Very thank ful
Make it able to do smooth browsing and also add some cool widgets okay
Nice App
Very useful App
Since a recent update it's started freezing on me constantly and not responding to anything, even force closing it doesn't seem to help.. Video's don't play properly, either get some error message or they play for a bit and then crashes...
not a good
Altought it has it's ocasional bugs other reviewers have stated, I believe it's main problem is the file size. If it was reduced, I guarrantee a higher rating
Its is good but it is difficult to go  on message it doesnt show keys and automatic goes back
When i start downloading this app it shows "error 491" .what type of problem is this? Reply me soon
I use it to very mucy
Hate the forced frdship requests without my approval....other than this great!
Bring back the share "to your page" button and the see "new post button"
Ausome application
Good
Halhoula
If there was an area were you could write something about the person u add as a friends for refrance later.
Best
12345678
I live it
This apps is sucks, why don't you guys bring back the recent post? I'll give you 5 star if you fix it, thanks
Bottom disappearing bar gets in the way. New look not very good. Most importantly, it would be the best improvement if I could change Most Recent in the News Feed tab and not by going through settings to access it.
average
Since the update I can't pass/fast-forward videos.... And wtf is up with the worthless chat app
I love this app!
Needs to be fixed ,will not hold a connection
Some times it will be very slowly and crashed !!
Thanks FB have still keep for everything...
navink 482@gmail .com

Loved it.
Awesome like using this :-)
I like facebook
Help to chat
Its good
everytime I open a link...the app crashes when I return to it again.
Hard to get to recent updates and also I can't watch videos!!! Just says an unknown error occured
Can't search for my videos on the app. Not under photos. No where to be found. Stop messing with the news feed! I want most recent and I don't want it to be what you think I want to see!
Facebook is the best app then ever
Osam app
App for Android
I love Facebook!! I don't really like the new update, but its okay!! This app is awesome!!
I can't move some data to sd card. Please fix it asap. My phone doesnt have enough space to accomodate the app. You guys always updated the app but its getting more disappointed for users. I hope this issue will be fix because I uninstalled the app because it takes up a lot space. Lastly, the issue about unable to load newsfeed ia freakjng annoying even if i have strong connection it always appear. And please make most recent posts as the default setting.
It won't let me view videos since the new update....please fix!
Good one
Grate application.
I got hacked facebook wont do anything
Gud
Like this
Excellent
Very good
it is Good to hang out.
Awesome but it isn't installing even with a variety of WiFi
IT is a great way to catch up with old friends
i love it
Nice thing
Good....
The touch response of the app is very Laggy and slow need to scroll 2-3 times to go down, the most irritating feature is the status check in bar which keeps popping up when scrolling up.... Get these fixed asap then high rating
Thanks fb...
I cannot share to a closed. Please fixed it.
This is sadly one of the most used apps,and you still cant make it smaller.
I love it
It's really a great website .
Zabardast.......unbelievable...... so....good sirji.....
Its very new model 2 work the fb method of login I give 5stars for this application......
Why this version facebook cant not download video direct..i like old version cant direct download video.tq
Good apps
Please improve it!!!!
Scrolling in news feed locks up frequently.
Smooth
Blah
so slow pls fix
I love it now  good but there is one problem it does not show the some friends who r  online I will give 5 star  when u fix this problem
Best of the best
Ok
Needs videos. And see more not just the years.  I thought android was supposed to he better then iPhone.   Not this app.
I works cool but not easy to download..
Sometimes logging
Something missing like privacy
Good
Videos don't play properly
Please fix it
I love facebook
When i use it. Its so Slow!!!! I kenoght haha da ef -..-
Notification menu keeps getting stuck and won't show properly since last update.
Nice.
5 star
Love u
For 2 days now.  What gives?
After I updated my facebook it only let's me open facebook for 10 seconds n then shuts down. Fix this?
good. but after the updated cant save pictures on long press.. pls improve that.. thx
Need to add the reply to comment features. Makes the feed out of order when people reply to specific comments. Just adds to the thread.
App Facebook
I don't understand why y'all won't even try to fix your app. The app won't play a share video on my phone unless I uninstall and reinstall appear every time try to watch one.I have reported the problem on facebook and have been done about there either.  If you wan't a better rating from me that fix the problem. Until them I'm convinced yall don't know what hell your doing. From an unhappy user please fix.  Really wish y'all would fix the problem with crowing shared videos my samsung proclaim
Liked it
1) can't share to private message 2) can't read/write reply comment
I like ths apppp it is soooooooo cooool n fast
Sakib
Woohoo. . I've got to c this to believe it. .. thx in advance
You can post pictures, videos, status, etc. You can't move pictures from one album to other and my main point for rating it so low is that it doesn't let me translate post not made in my natal language. I'm currently travelling through Asia and I can't speak the languages here so the friends I made during these trip I don't know what they're talking about and the purpose of fb is lost
I wish ft had no adds at all!!!!
Best application
Worst update till now
Dewasi
Muaj
Family
Excellent has every this g in one place
I can't see an option for HD when playing videos in this app. Please provide this option? Thanks! 5 stars if HD will be provided.
Would much like having the option to open the app up to the most recent posts rather then having to filter it that way, it's annoying the way it currently set up
Moto e
Love it
I like it all except for the fact that horrible things are aloud to be posted. Please do something about the videos of people being murdered and porn and abusive videos being posted. Every time o get on my Facebook I see at least two videos of these very disturbing things. Im sure u can put some kind of block on posts of that content. There are kids that get on here and see this gory stuff and I myself do not want to see people getting shot in the head...dead bloody people...naked people...etc.

Great to use and faster
Not so good
Super
Nice nice nice I love this app too much
Loading takes forever (samsung galaxy Tab S)
Great
Family
While I was watching video,it just keep crashing telling me that unknown error had occured,please fix this please,thanks :) Sony Xperia ZL KitKat 4.4
Iloveit
mst be more attractive..to te users
Move to SD card

I love it...
Amazing
Bhule bisre logo ko aapas me milane ka sabse aasan site.
My most fav apps
Please fix this app. Its not compatible on my new update kitkat.. It always go back to home when someone send chat on me.
U all know about fb its superb need latest version kindly work on it admin
Apps
Closes on its own sometines
Greaaatttt
Awesomeeeee
Nice app
To me its perfect it doesn't crash doesn't lag its perfect...
I like it
Ok
Its aswm... &  amazing...
Loved it
I don't like this popular posts. Ugh.
as always..
Put it back as a default sort.      I can't keep up if i'm looking at stuff from 2 days ago or more
sooooooo goooooood
Tooo bad
Faadu
Full time pass. .. loved it
Its ok
Tygg
Good.
Nice fb
Great fb
Pretty Good app, but seriously. Why the hell. Isn't. The. News feed. In. Chronological. Order. The bugs the ever living crap out of me.
Excellent
Good One
Super smecher...like
Requires too much space, you keep upgrading something still not stable.
Too slow...
Esllam
Quite good dan bfore
Its good for phone
Good
Nice
why is there no option to select most recent as default ? nobody wants to see top stories .
New update not good -_-
As the stars says . its ok
Good cah
Takes long to open and load photos, and once in awhile it randomly closes. Overall, 3 stars. Still usable.
Cool
This Is GOOD !!
Lol
Love
Can't sign in keeps telling me to check my network connection,  when I have full service,
I need to change my real name cuzz my name was mispelled and i cant make it correct spelled :( plz fix it
just nice ah weh
It becoming soooo buring .... sooooo soooo anhelpfull !!!! Every app in it is so opposite to any synonim of quick !!!!!!
Facebook
No doubt that this app is very good, the updates you give make no difference. What exactly do you do?
Tss
Facebook
Great
Uses too much data
Its great too use it very awesome <3
Trying to get  fb to work I cant turn off code genarator
Good I LIKE IT
my stile
facebook
Most
When i post a status my friend didn't see it!
Yeah wowwww
Serioulsly, it has been closing itself for 3 days now.
Nice
since July update have trouble getting to see notifications, pressing the tab at the page top often has no effect
It helped me find out friends & relatives far & almost lost from years. Thanx marc for this app
BAD
Aq nk buka facebook
Very very nice apps
Awesome
Amazing
good
Very nice application! The user interface is well done ! Eventhough there are missing features as compared to facebook on the browser, this is a must have application for all facebook users with android phones !
Nice
Can't like photos and pages while offline. Please fix this.
Super app
Please fix when upload photo in group or in comment need better quality
Nyc
But slow
But slow
Supperrr nice 1
Not nice.....waste of mb .in case if we press on video .it start loading... incase getting link to YouTube is better
All the time "facebook isn't responding" i hate it!!!! Tried to uninstall and install again but no changes!!!!
Excellent
Nice
patel
Getting better at loading
It says it takes 20mb but when I download it, it shows 33mb and when I start using it then its data is 63mb so its using 96mb total its ridiculous! I have to uninstall it.
Nice
Facebook
Great App. :)
Perfect
Well explained
Overally good .
Fnb
I can access to Facebook and its very easy and useful
It is very good app
Nice app
All I want to do now it view my timeline in order from mosr recent... idc about the most popular post all the time
Have to say some of these new updates are pretty good. Try and keep it that way.
Slow
J
It helps me to know what is up date news of my friends
I love Facebook and I use it every day but it takes so much space on my phone. Can you fix it please? It's by far the largest app on my mobile.
Very slow and no privacy settings please dont waste your MB on this
Good
Good
Love that you can easily maneuver around the app

Nice FBI
Things are good. Make sure to restart phone after updating the app or thing won't work right.
Thats a very good social site
i like it byt its draining my battery
I just cant watch any videos for some reason
PANDIT RAJARAM GAUTAM
Lagger!
It's OK but don't like video crash all the time .can please fix video playback on Facebook? Thank you
It says package file is invalid rectify this error
Kaim a
Notifications are not loading,  super annoyed
Baik untuk perhubungan persahabatan diserata dunia.
slow
Nice place to meet people.
Loving app
Supet
I like this app
i like facebook before this updates
Pa mal
When i call by facebook my friend cant hear me
Fix  the speed it's too slow it needs to be private like 2go but fun and fast like what's app
Best App To Reach Our Friends..
Very good
liked it
Shit
I love it
Nice
NBR
Nice
Not bad still bugy
Ok
should design the app which stores data on sd card
Great...but fix a bug about login ...everytym I login it asks to logi  again
I like it
Good old app
aww
Love it!!
Vimal Nair
Very good
GK
Cool, you fix the bug. I think 5 star are enough
Kaleem
Awesome
I love it
Good
Excellent
Ok
best for smartfones
I cant download it.!
If only there is a privacy 'customise' button
Great app....only a little slow
Excellent
97%
Satyanaryan email Kalawat@
Nice.   Plz I have forgot my password do kindly help mme to signing me plz

Great
awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome the best the best the best the best the best the best the best the best the best the best the best the best the best the best
No video show but sound only in lenovo s930 running android 4.4.2
Md.33221100
Scroll alway hang,wtf
The app isn't opening after I updated facebook.. I use a HTC one v.. please fox
Thanks
Good
i Love This :) I Enjoy Facebooking :) Make some Cool Apks :*
Excillent
Won't load on razr maxx
Timeline review doesn't work. It takes me to a screen that cannot be loaded and prompts me to "tap to reload" please fix this or roll back the update. Will change rating once all changes are made. Thanks and keep up the work!
Love u fb...
Super
Good.
Its news feed are slow
Thank's for making facebook
Awesome.....
Good but need improvements
Facebook is the worst thing that's ever been on the internet.  People will look back hundreds of years wondering why people became out spoken and social online but awkward, anti social, non free thinking people in person.
Very very poor
Nice
Before update superb but after update its just okkk......  I want old Facebook app back...
I LOVE FACEBOOK
New update Won't keep me logged in.  So annoying.
quite okay now but still lags.
it is very useful
#Facebookofmine
I love it to use it
Its one of best source of cummnication with people i like it very much.so greatr thing for all of us.
Please fix the freezing problem, sometimes it gives me the option to report it! News feed? Knowing what my friends are saying 1 to 2 days ago? Really? Has this app turned into a history lesson? I do not care what John Doe did yesterday or the day before! I want to know what he is doing now!!!!!! Please fix! PLEASE FIX?????
It disconnects from the network too much.
Nice app
Smart
Wonderfull.its nice to stay awake with lost friends.I like it very much.But sometime it appears.Facebook has stop unexpectly....so force close.otherwise its wonderfull.pls fix the problem of force stop.nice to use. ..Samsung grand neo
Superb
$$$$$
Lv
I commented on a pic that was 2 years earlier!
Can't update my facebook application.
I like you
Whenever I scroll down through the news feed even if I dont want myself to be shown active some X seconds ago, I am shown! Sometimes its complety undesired... So please fix it soon!!!!
Very
I really love this app :)
What's happening right now, I can't download and updates for it  new users? ??
Can't load news feed or anything many times
Will not launch now on Galaxy Note 3 since last update. Tries to launch but then closes. Have rebooted phone but no luck. Please fix
Key
It's good but it uses too much memory. There should be an option to move it to the memory card...
Its free, and it mages it a whole lot easier than logging on through Google.
Go for it..
Best fb app ever... dnt stop improving...
50324409
Why doesn't most recent found in more why isn't that shown automatically as the news feed when you open the app.

not but like  im a tewn
But here not send vedios main problm
Good
Latest version is buggy. Contact photos are not properly downloading and syncing. Issues with image resolutions as well.
but downloading is hell slow.
Excellent apps
4,....every 1 use it,...n 8 use4!!!! 4 comnucatng ur luv1s.
Not bad. XD
Very good
Good
super
Superb
Its good
Good
Kan strt ya
Great en cool
Facebook is a good application
Vivek
I did not like it.It is laggy and it takes a lot,like A LOT of internal storage.
R.Kumar
Soo.. I said this app was great.. But not now.. IT SUCKS LIKE HELL STUPID
IT CONSUMES A HUMONGOUS AMOUNT OF SPACE IN MY PHONE. WTF
M
It's good
Thank you.
I am very much fond of Facebook.
Facebook has got about as crazy as Google!  These new updates suck
Since the update it won't let me upload videos  please  fix
Chithani  dilaksnika
Niceeee
(Y)
Hahaha it so nice in this app because I have many new fruend
But slow video upload
Good app
Hi
Xau
Book
Need improvements
I cant record my voice in the record voice
Suvarna
Finally, I can login now... Thx for updates! 
Add video call
Having serious problems with trying to play videos and getting the 'an error has occurred' prompt every time!
Spr
My inbox doesn't work  and doesn't save pictures from the messenger
Add the option of seeing "recent posts" and do this as default feature. Thank you..
Very good
I hate the top stories...they're always the same for a few days...really wish u guys would change it back to most recent
Its awsam apps
You try to follow your time line and maybe read a article or two,  and without Any movement it jumps around loading new stories.  You miss your spot and this app is missing the point.  Maybe time to Uninstall.
Nice
Bakws
Love it
It looks good but it takes up almost 60-80MB of data and cache. Please improve that. I will rate it 5 stars if it is improved
Love It  Keep It Turn On It :-D
Its really awesome web.....L
Nice
One application consuming more than 100mb of ram is not acceptable. Messenger not functional. No option to copy text from wall.
Cool
Very nice.
It's was easy-to-use and awesome
Bagus!
Nice
Sandhu
Awesome ! Keep it up
Block

I can't install lol pls fixed it
This app was great facebook its owsume
Amazing app
Naks
Liked it..
This new facebook update sucks so bad thinking uninstall
It issssss nic3e
Some improvement.... Newsfeed are veryyyy slow....
I just love it
Its good. Being better
Plz reduce the amt of internal memory used by this app even after moving to SD card it takes about 26 mb space What the hell is this
Great on Nexus 5
Videos not playing or stopping half way though :@ annoying
Nice app
It works far better now
My facebook wont load at all and its not my data cause I have 4 G please help !
Wew cant send message pls. Fix it
My phone does not install even after downloading

Aku ra popo
Good
Try
Very good
do not install this my samsung galaxy y is low on space
Very nice
Very nice
Love it
New Notification and message doesn't show automatically. It shows only after I click on these. Please short out this problems.
Video album not appeared and not showing the complete stories and no custom privacy
Ok...
Best app
Doesnt let me go on facebook!!!!!
I love facebook
I loved
good for seem my family!!!!
Is an app thats alows you to tilk to outher people in the would
Friends
its slow.
Good
Its a fun using. Liked it.
so far so good..
Friendship
Heaven
Every time I try hiding all stories from websites that people shared I get the notification "Error: could not hide story" on the bottom
its most important for me. without facebook i can't live.....?
Bahut ghaint
Read the t&c's and you'll be shocked at home much data they take from you.
I think EVERYONE wants "most recent posts" to be the default. People want to have things in chronological order.
It allows me to access facebook however, it takes up an annoyingly lot of space in my phone.
Nice apps..
Please add a theme option. Most of the people wants to use themes on Facebook.
I love you Jepoy b.
Always actin stupid
Very good
Crashes like flappy bird lol
Is the best way to stay in touch with family and friends that live far away and I believe it's a good way to recover friend's and family u didn't even know u had! :-) love it!
Getting collapsed again and again.
Love this app :)
Nice
July
consumes more memory and makes device slow :(
Noble site for connection
Great!
17136736 to you. You
Please. Improve its contain...thank u
Good
Good thing
Love this appp
Sick of the updates all the time. Fix the bugs then leave it alone. Logged me out after I was just scrolling down my news feed and is asking to send me to a random sight.
Gd one
Plz fix it... i cnt play any vdeo tht my friend share.. tQ
Its my pleasure.....
Meried
Excellent application
dev
I hate Facebook.
I love face book
Kavitha
super
Updated my review. It takes up more than 80+ MB of RAM as long as this app is active, regardless the app is running actively or in background. Yet it runs slow when you're using it. Come on Facebook team, you can make something better with less RAM, so why not do it here? Since it has 500+M users and most of them doesn't have high end phones.
Awzome
Sexylove
Fb is the best application
Like
Kinda use a lot of battery power.
It's improving but you'd still expect better from an app provided by one of the world's most popular social network.
Good
Good
Lovely
919
Gud
After updating.FBI candy crusah will.not connect with FBI account. Plz fix it.
facebook is a cool social website u can keep in touch see people that u havnt seen in a while so yeah its pretty cool
When i was update my facebook its show ERROR and say plz uninstall your previous copy and then install it. I try many time but it say same error i was wondering there is no previous copy of fb. Plz fixed it then i update my facebook plz i request u....! Thanx
New updates I like very much
Fb is awesome
very slow...
Supprb Appp
I can't load videos on fb.
Takes up too much space :( and sometimes i cant even open my messages
Videos always crash.. Just learn from apple -_-"
But has to allow to copy the text and to play videos in our media players also like before.
plz fix this i cant download it to my phone..when i installed it..the say that code error..plz.fix this asap..
It would be nice, if fb app gives b'day notification @12am on the DOB of frnds. Which is like we are getting in opera browser.
Working well
Why I can't download this app on my phone . Please fix it and I'll rate you 5 star . ;) Thank you .
Aap.
Super good
Malik hamza
Recent update causing app to intermittently not respond to scroll or any clicking of links
This is what fb has done by updating the design of the app. The core fundamental processes are still broken. I cannot even send a message to my friends. It's also painfully slow, laggy and reports I have no connection on full bars 3G connection.
Great
Gud
exll
Cool app
Still many need to improve
please fix the inbox messenger cause i can't send messages any more
Goood
Yeah
I  wuld like my friends statuses 2 b in order instead my top 1 being a hr ago, den da next 1 half hr ago den da next 1 2 hrz ago.. Their jumpin all ova da place
Good
It's alright.
Wao
Video playing Error message coming out after finish playing
Like love
Facebook
The best
The app was working fine until the latest update. Really annoying.
Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
Groups cant b open ...its too bad
Fantastic
I have no problems with facebook except one....I would like to be able to access my messages from the app without having to download messenger.
doesn't let me see any of my messages !! please fix ASAP.
I love having Facebook it keeps me in touch with all my family from all over. It's a super addictive app.
Can't sync contacts anymore .Option is gone.
Sd card photo does not show facebook what is this friend can u help me????
Facebook addict . 
It is best app to know someone
Add a new feature for download video from fb....in Samsung Mobiles
Yeah
Good
Face book
Nice
Its awesome blossom
It was amazing
Thanks
Please fix this app, it wont upload my timeline say my internet is lost, when its not. Or when people put things on my timeline i have to improve it and it wont let me, or my message. Always say internet is loss when its not!!!! Fix!!!!
Blah blah
it usually crashes, autimatically closes the app even im not doing anything. pls fix for 5 stars
Verry good app
great apps
Loph it
Good
Amazing 
Good
Ullah
It never loads for me since it has been updated  sort it out
Nice beatiful
Good app
Worst update ever..
This brings the world close us
No recent newsfeed!! Wish id never updated
Excellent
As I have updated it last day and it is taking time to open and when I wana see my notifications its also very lacking. Please fix it asap as I dont have much application on my phone as it is new. 5 stars waiting!!!
Go Facebook
Like
What happen to the facebook? It dosent work always check the internet connection..
it show that it saves in my sd card.. bt when i see in my setting its taking about 35mb of memory in my ph memory... n my ph. memory is just 170mb... pls try to fix it
Bell
I really like this app, but i can't install this in my mobile, please  help.
For somereason I cant send photos anymore so I uninstalled and reinstalled and now I can't even see my messages at all in the message tab and if I try messaging someone it says something went wrong what happend?
Cool Beans
For some reason lately it has been saying its unable to load my news feed. I have signed out and signed back in. Same thing.  Getting tired of waiting on it to work whenever it wants!!
Great app
I like this alot
Good
Update fails
Md Akram
nice
Super
The ui is dated compared to the iOS 7 version. Also the permission it asks for is way too much
Mmmmm
It'$ a very most useful app
Super
Can't even add the simplest features (How hard is it to make recent posts the default sorting). Every update seems to take something away lol
App is not working good... i am unable to get notifications abt most recent... fix it....
Loveitloveit gotta getit
Love the app UNTIL I found out you need access to my contacts/camera/microphone/etc WTF!!
I cant able to watch any video upload... Please lend me a response...
The new update works.amazing
No copy paste option. No image posting option in comment.  Albums of pages can't be viewed!

It is so good & fast
Need the latest updates which are provided
I can't open my account. ..Please help
Very good
Your last update has really fouled things up. Network errors, no internet connection messages. Trouble accessing notifications and other pages. Please fix.
My keyboard doesnt work in fb plz fix
Great way to stay in touch with family and friends. Thank You creator of facebook!!! :-)
I Love it
Its been nice fr using nd njy
When I click on a link I always get a message saying something went wrong and it gives me an option to follow link or go back. Could you please look into this as it is anoying.. Will re-rate once its fixed. Thanks
I love fb
Great aap keep it up
I love fb ...huhuhi*-*
All taime no loding new speed. Next:f..b..updet f...b... updet. I no like this
Time pass
Simply the best
I was able to uninstall it then reinstall it now but it always says that insufficient storage available. Why is this so? I uninstall my other application just for reinstalling this!!! Fix THIS! IT'S A MESS.
FB
Udhay
It is exclent
nice app.
Ok
Great apps!
Facebook
Like
This app gets worst each time they bring out an update. Uses up lots of space. Latest version is slower than old. Don't install, guys.
good
The free calls is very bad, cuts out so often... But u get what u pay for
Splash
Very good
ieqa
rahul sethi
Sssy
Best messager
Samsung galaxy sII
Somuch
Injoy u r time
The apps ok but y does this app needs  90mb!
gud
Satifation

Need more improvements
Thanks to all developers
Ieu aplikasi rame teu njing
Inbox is not opening after updating it
Great
Easy to use and reliable
Did not responding sometimes
Likes
Wish most recent posts were in order but other than that, I'm a fb junkie
Great!
Rakesh sharma
New feature its always right now you any pics qouth any more and more save saving
Taib 8am 7
Fine
Facebook nowadays so boring :(
Connecting Friends
Great application
Its so slow
Its cool and a lot of injoyment.. games.
Is it anyway to stop getting Game Request? It's really annoying!
It becoming soooo buring .... sooooo soooo anhelpfull !!!! Every app in it is so opposite to any synonim of quick !!!!!!
Facebook
No doubt that this app is very good, the updates you give make no difference. What exactly do you do?
Tss
Facebook
Great
Uses too much data
Its great too use it very awesome <3
Trying to get  fb to work I cant turn off code genarator
Good I LIKE IT
my stile
facebook
Most
When i post a status my friend didn't see it!
Yeah wowwww
Serioulsly, it has been closing itself for 3 days now.
Nice
since July update have trouble getting to see notifications, pressing the tab at the page top often has no effect
It helped me find out friends & relatives far & almost lost from years. Thanx marc for this app
BAD
Aq nk buka facebook
Very very nice apps
Awesome
Amazing
good
Very nice application! The user interface is well done ! Eventhough there are missing features as compared to facebook on the browser, this is a must have application for all facebook users with android phones !
Nice
Can't like photos and pages while offline. Please fix this.
Super app
Please fix when upload photo in group or in comment need better quality
Nyc
But slow
But slow
Supperrr nice 1
Not nice.....waste of mb .in case if we press on video .it start loading... incase getting link to YouTube is better
All the time "facebook isn't responding" i hate it!!!! Tried to uninstall and install again but no changes!!!!
Excellent
Nice
patel
Getting better at loading
It says it takes 20mb but when I download it, it shows 33mb and when I start using it then its data is 63mb so its using 96mb total its ridiculous! I have to uninstall it.
Nice
Facebook
Great App. :)
Perfect
Well explained
Overally good .
Fnb
I can access to Facebook and its very easy and useful
It is very good app
Nice app
All I want to do now it view my timeline in order from mosr recent... idc about the most popular post all the time
Have to say some of these new updates are pretty good. Try and keep it that way.
Slow
J
It helps me to know what is up date news of my friends
I love Facebook and I use it every day but it takes so much space on my phone. Can you fix it please? It's by far the largest app on my mobile.
Very slow and no privacy settings please dont waste your MB on this
Good
Good
Love that you can easily maneuver around the app

Nice FBI
Things are good. Make sure to restart phone after updating the app or thing won't work right.
Thats a very good social site
i like it byt its draining my battery
I just cant watch any videos for some reason
PANDIT RAJARAM GAUTAM
Lagger!
It's OK but don't like video crash all the time .can please fix video playback on Facebook? Thank you
It says package file is invalid rectify this error
Kaim a
Notifications are not loading,  super annoyed
Baik untuk perhubungan persahabatan diserata dunia.
slow
Nice place to meet people.
Loving app
Supet
I like this app
i like facebook before this updates
Pa mal
When i call by facebook my friend cant hear me
Fix  the speed it's too slow it needs to be private like 2go but fun and fast like what's app
Best App To Reach Our Friends..
Very good
liked it
Shit
I love it
Nice
NBR
Nice
Not bad still bugy
Ok
should design the app which stores data on sd card
Great...but fix a bug about login ...everytym I login it asks to logi  again
I like it
Good old app
aww
Love it!!
Vimal Nair
Very good
GK
Cool, you fix the bug. I think 5 star are enough
Kaleem
Awesome
I love it
Good
Excellent
Ok
best for smartfones
I cant download it.!
If only there is a privacy 'customise' button
Great app....only a little slow
Excellent
97%
Satyanaryan email Kalawat@
Nice.   Plz I have forgot my password do kindly help mme to signing me plz

Great
awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome the best the best the best the best the best the best the best the best the best the best the best the best the best the best
No video show but sound only in lenovo s930 running android 4.4.2
Md.33221100
Scroll alway hang,wtf
The app isn't opening after I updated facebook.. I use a HTC one v.. please fox
Thanks
Good
i Love This :) I Enjoy Facebooking :) Make some Cool Apks :*
Excillent
Won't load on razr maxx
Timeline review doesn't work. It takes me to a screen that cannot be loaded and prompts me to "tap to reload" please fix this or roll back the update. Will change rating once all changes are made. Thanks and keep up the work!
Love u fb...
Super
Good.
Its news feed are slow
Thank's for making facebook
Awesome.....
Good but need improvements
Facebook is the worst thing that's ever been on the internet.  People will look back hundreds of years wondering why people became out spoken and social online but awkward, anti social, non free thinking people in person.
Very very poor
Nice
Before update superb but after update its just okkk......  I want old Facebook app back...
I LOVE FACEBOOK
New update Won't keep me logged in.  So annoying.
quite okay now but still lags.
it is very useful
#Facebookofmine
I love it to use it
Its one of best source of cummnication with people i like it very much.so greatr thing for all of us.
Please fix the freezing problem, sometimes it gives me the option to report it! News feed? Knowing what my friends are saying 1 to 2 days ago? Really? Has this app turned into a history lesson? I do not care what John Doe did yesterday or the day before! I want to know what he is doing now!!!!!! Please fix! PLEASE FIX?????
It disconnects from the network too much.
Nice app
Smart
Wonderfull.its nice to stay awake with lost friends.I like it very much.But sometime it appears.Facebook has stop unexpectly....so force close.otherwise its wonderfull.pls fix the problem of force stop.nice to use. ..Samsung grand neo
Superb
$$$$$
Lv
I commented on a pic that was 2 years earlier!
Can't update my facebook application.
I like you
Whenever I scroll down through the news feed even if I dont want myself to be shown active some X seconds ago, I am shown! Sometimes its complety undesired... So please fix it soon!!!!
Very
I really love this app :)
What's happening right now, I can't download and updates for it  new users? ??
Can't load news feed or anything many times
Will not launch now on Galaxy Note 3 since last update. Tries to launch but then closes. Have rebooted phone but no luck. Please fix
Key
It's good but it uses too much memory. There should be an option to move it to the memory card...
Its free, and it mages it a whole lot easier than logging on through Google.
Go for it..
Best fb app ever... dnt stop improving...
50324409
Why doesn't most recent found in more why isn't that shown automatically as the news feed when you open the app.

not but like  im a tewn
But here not send vedios main problm
Good
Latest version is buggy. Contact photos are not properly downloading and syncing. Issues with image resolutions as well.
but downloading is hell slow.
Excellent apps
4,....every 1 use it,...n 8 use4!!!! 4 comnucatng ur luv1s.
Not bad. XD
Very good
Good
super
Superb
Its good
Good
Kan strt ya
Great en cool
Facebook is a good application
Vivek
I did not like it.It is laggy and it takes a lot,like A LOT of internal storage.
R.Kumar
Soo.. I said this app was great.. But not now.. IT SUCKS LIKE HELL STUPID
IT CONSUMES A HUMONGOUS AMOUNT OF SPACE IN MY PHONE. WTF
M
It's good
Thank you.
I am very much fond of Facebook.
Facebook has got about as crazy as Google!  These new updates suck
Since the update it won't let me upload videos  please  fix
Chithani  dilaksnika
Niceeee
(Y)
Hahaha it so nice in this app because I have many new fruend
But slow video upload
Good app
Hi
Xau
Book
Need improvements
I cant record my voice in the record voice
Suvarna
Finally, I can login now... Thx for updates! 
Add video call
Having serious problems with trying to play videos and getting the 'an error has occurred' prompt every time!
Spr
My inbox doesn't work  and doesn't save pictures from the messenger
Add the option of seeing "recent posts" and do this as default feature. Thank you..
Very good
I hate the top stories...they're always the same for a few days...really wish u guys would change it back to most recent
Its awsam apps
You try to follow your time line and maybe read a article or two,  and without Any movement it jumps around loading new stories.  You miss your spot and this app is missing the point.  Maybe time to Uninstall.
Nice
Bakws
Love it
It looks good but it takes up almost 60-80MB of data and cache. Please improve that. I will rate it 5 stars if it is improved
Love It  Keep It Turn On It :-D
Its really awesome web.....L
Nice
One application consuming more than 100mb of ram is not acceptable. Messenger not functional. No option to copy text from wall.
Cool
Very nice.
It's was easy-to-use and awesome
Bagus!
Nice
Sandhu
Awesome ! Keep it up
Block

I can't install lol pls fixed it
This app was great facebook its owsume
Amazing app
Naks
Liked it..
This new facebook update sucks so bad thinking uninstall
It issssss nic3e
Some improvement.... Newsfeed are veryyyy slow....
I just love it
Its good. Being better
Plz reduce the amt of internal memory used by this app even after moving to SD card it takes about 26 mb space What the hell is this
Great on Nexus 5
Videos not playing or stopping half way though :@ annoying
Nice app
It works far better now
My facebook wont load at all and its not my data cause I have 4 G please help !
Wew cant send message pls. Fix it
My phone does not install even after downloading

Aku ra popo
Good
Try
Very good
do not install this my samsung galaxy y is low on space
Very nice
Very nice
Love it
New Notification and message doesn't show automatically. It shows only after I click on these. Please short out this problems.
Video album not appeared and not showing the complete stories and no custom privacy
Ok...
Best app
Doesnt let me go on facebook!!!!!
I love facebook
I loved
good for seem my family!!!!
Is an app thats alows you to tilk to outher people in the would
Friends
its slow.
Good
Its a fun using. Liked it.
so far so good..
Friendship
Heaven
Every time I try hiding all stories from websites that people shared I get the notification "Error: could not hide story" on the bottom
its most important for me. without facebook i can't live.....?
Bahut ghaint
Read the t&c's and you'll be shocked at home much data they take from you.
I think EVERYONE wants "most recent posts" to be the default. People want to have things in chronological order.
It allows me to access facebook however, it takes up an annoyingly lot of space in my phone.
Nice apps..
Please add a theme option. Most of the people wants to use themes on Facebook.
I love you Jepoy b.
Always actin stupid
Very good
Crashes like flappy bird lol
Is the best way to stay in touch with family and friends that live far away and I believe it's a good way to recover friend's and family u didn't even know u had! :-) love it!
Getting collapsed again and again.
Love this app :)
Nice
July
consumes more memory and makes device slow :(
Noble site for connection
Great!
17136736 to you. You
Please. Improve its contain...thank u
Good
Good thing
Love this appp
Sick of the updates all the time. Fix the bugs then leave it alone. Logged me out after I was just scrolling down my news feed and is asking to send me to a random sight.
Gd one
Plz fix it... i cnt play any vdeo tht my friend share.. tQ
Its my pleasure.....
Meried
Excellent application
dev
I hate Facebook.
I love face book
Kavitha
super
Updated my review. It takes up more than 80+ MB of RAM as long as this app is active, regardless the app is running actively or in background. Yet it runs slow when you're using it. Come on Facebook team, you can make something better with less RAM, so why not do it here? Since it has 500+M users and most of them doesn't have high end phones.
Awzome
Sexylove
Fb is the best application
Like
Kinda use a lot of battery power.
It's improving but you'd still expect better from an app provided by one of the world's most popular social network.
Good
Good
Lovely
919
Gud
After updating.FBI candy crusah will.not connect with FBI account. Plz fix it.
facebook is a cool social website u can keep in touch see people that u havnt seen in a while so yeah its pretty cool
When i was update my facebook its show ERROR and say plz uninstall your previous copy and then install it. I try many time but it say same error i was wondering there is no previous copy of fb. Plz fixed it then i update my facebook plz i request u....! Thanx
New updates I like very much
Fb is awesome
very slow...
Supprb Appp
I can't load videos on fb.
Takes up too much space :( and sometimes i cant even open my messages
Videos always crash.. Just learn from apple -_-"
But has to allow to copy the text and to play videos in our media players also like before.
plz fix this i cant download it to my phone..when i installed it..the say that code error..plz.fix this asap..
It would be nice, if fb app gives b'day notification @12am on the DOB of frnds. Which is like we are getting in opera browser.
Working well
Why I can't download this app on my phone . Please fix it and I'll rate you 5 star . ;) Thank you .
Aap.
Super good
Malik hamza
Recent update causing app to intermittently not respond to scroll or any clicking of links
This is what fb has done by updating the design of the app. The core fundamental processes are still broken. I cannot even send a message to my friends. It's also painfully slow, laggy and reports I have no connection on full bars 3G connection.
Great
Gud
exll
Cool app
Still many need to improve
please fix the inbox messenger cause i can't send messages any more
Goood
Yeah
I  wuld like my friends statuses 2 b in order instead my top 1 being a hr ago, den da next 1 half hr ago den da next 1 2 hrz ago.. Their jumpin all ova da place
Good
It's alright.
Wao
Video playing Error message coming out after finish playing
Like love
Facebook
The best
The app was working fine until the latest update. Really annoying.
Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
Groups cant b open ...its too bad
Fantastic
I have no problems with facebook except one....I would like to be able to access my messages from the app without having to download messenger.
doesn't let me see any of my messages !! please fix ASAP.
I love having Facebook it keeps me in touch with all my family from all over. It's a super addictive app.
Can't sync contacts anymore .Option is gone.
Sd card photo does not show facebook what is this friend can u help me????
Facebook addict . 
It is best app to know someone
Add a new feature for download video from fb....in Samsung Mobiles
Yeah
Good
Face book
Nice
Its awesome blossom
It was amazing
Thanks
Please fix this app, it wont upload my timeline say my internet is lost, when its not. Or when people put things on my timeline i have to improve it and it wont let me, or my message. Always say internet is loss when its not!!!! Fix!!!!
Blah blah
it usually crashes, autimatically closes the app even im not doing anything. pls fix for 5 stars
Verry good app
great apps
Loph it
Good
Amazing 
Good
Ullah
It never loads for me since it has been updated  sort it out
Nice beatiful
Good app
Worst update ever..
This brings the world close us
No recent newsfeed!! Wish id never updated
Excellent
As I have updated it last day and it is taking time to open and when I wana see my notifications its also very lacking. Please fix it asap as I dont have much application on my phone as it is new. 5 stars waiting!!!
Go Facebook
Like
What happen to the facebook? It dosent work always check the internet connection..
it show that it saves in my sd card.. bt when i see in my setting its taking about 35mb of memory in my ph memory... n my ph. memory is just 170mb... pls try to fix it
Bell
I really like this app, but i can't install this in my mobile, please  help.
For somereason I cant send photos anymore so I uninstalled and reinstalled and now I can't even see my messages at all in the message tab and if I try messaging someone it says something went wrong what happend?
Cool Beans
For some reason lately it has been saying its unable to load my news feed. I have signed out and signed back in. Same thing.  Getting tired of waiting on it to work whenever it wants!!
Great app
I like this alot
Good
Update fails
Md Akram
nice
Super
The ui is dated compared to the iOS 7 version. Also the permission it asks for is way too much
Mmmmm
It'$ a very most useful app
Super
Can't even add the simplest features (How hard is it to make recent posts the default sorting). Every update seems to take something away lol
App is not working good... i am unable to get notifications abt most recent... fix it....
Loveitloveit gotta getit
Love the app UNTIL I found out you need access to my contacts/camera/microphone/etc WTF!!
I cant able to watch any video upload... Please lend me a response...
The new update works.amazing
No copy paste option. No image posting option in comment.  Albums of pages can't be viewed!

It is so good & fast
Need the latest updates which are provided
I can't open my account. ..Please help
Very good
Your last update has really fouled things up. Network errors, no internet connection messages. Trouble accessing notifications and other pages. Please fix.
My keyboard doesnt work in fb plz fix
Great way to stay in touch with family and friends. Thank You creator of facebook!!! :-)
I Love it
Its been nice fr using nd njy
When I click on a link I always get a message saying something went wrong and it gives me an option to follow link or go back. Could you please look into this as it is anoying.. Will re-rate once its fixed. Thanks
I love fb
Great aap keep it up
I love fb ...huhuhi*-*
All taime no loding new speed. Next:f..b..updet f...b... updet. I no like this
Time pass
Simply the best
I was able to uninstall it then reinstall it now but it always says that insufficient storage available. Why is this so? I uninstall my other application just for reinstalling this!!! Fix THIS! IT'S A MESS.
FB
Udhay
It is exclent
nice app.
Ok
Great apps!
Facebook
Like
This app gets worst each time they bring out an update. Uses up lots of space. Latest version is slower than old. Don't install, guys.
good
The free calls is very bad, cuts out so often... But u get what u pay for
Splash
Very good
ieqa
rahul sethi
Sssy
Best messager
Samsung galaxy sII
Somuch
Injoy u r time
The apps ok but y does this app needs  90mb!
gud
Satifation

Need more improvements
Thanks to all developers
Ieu aplikasi rame teu njing
Inbox is not opening after updating it
Great
Easy to use and reliable
Did not responding sometimes
Likes
Wish most recent posts were in order but other than that, I'm a fb junkie
Great!
Rakesh sharma
New feature its always right now you any pics qouth any more and more save saving
Taib 8am 7
Fine
Facebook nowadays so boring :(
Connecting Friends
Great application
Its so slow
Its cool and a lot of injoyment.. games.
Is it anyway to stop getting Game Request? It's really annoying!
Loved it
I really like the app nothing messes up!
I just updated (July 2014) and it shuts down frequently, won't load pages & is a general PITA to use now. Fix this!
To much using my internal memory.
Facebook
App
But is not have khmer language
good
Get rid of the ads
why shut down
I love it peroid
I couldn't find out the one I liked the most.
Pretty good but its slow!
Though several chabges are being mada in, the one which i expected is not incorporated yet.
Its absolutely very good
Needs a news feed sorter!!!!
Good
Lol loved it
With each update, Facbook is using all the memory...i have to clear data & cache all the time. Fix it.
Hai good mornig my frans
well good job for getting this app very usefull..
Most recent update sucks! Cant play any videos and shows an error message every time! Fix this issue asap please?! Ughh!
Change it to newest first instead of most popular
Works great for once but this app absolutely destroys some data. I've even tried to turn the auto play off but it still chugs.  Considering uninstalling!
It's getting better. Make it faster. And on my s4 active, the photo's won't load sometimes. You would think that since Facebook is used by everyone around the world, it would be a better app.
I miss my mate josh wright but good
Wow great apps
Yeah man
whenever i run newsfeed i get internet not available. i waited til update to see if it would fix problem but it didnt. all other options seem to work ok.
Molli Michelle White lee Flores
nyc app.....gr8 friends bnane k liye best hai.....FACEBOOK....i like it
Update update karte raho
He'll yea boy
I have the galaxy s5 and pics are taking a long time to load. What's up with that? I expected the opposite.
Slow
Great!
Wanna Tounge your Gasshole
Not bug fix, video can't open play.
PLEASE HELP!! 
i like it
Love it
LovE ThIs App
Wonderful
Faster n master of any android mobiles
The new update isn't letting me play videos.
Owesme
Fuckn piece of shit
Photo uploading error
Musa
GREAT apps
But its like instgram
Great app
I don't like it. Cant fix the taggings for pictures "most recent" isnt even recent just from hours ago.
LEAVE WELL ENOUGH ALONE? !?!?! Now Facebook doesn't work at all on my phone. If you can't bother testing it out with the latest phones, why do it???
Too much privacy invasion with this app
Its facebook get myspace
Still needs lots of improvements.
Finally I signed up with this and I found lost family and I did find some childhood Friends   on Facebook it's the greatest  wouldn't have found them without Facebook.. Thank God for Facebook.
A go
Nice
Its fab and awesome bt loads more
Nice nice
Facebook, you need to re-examine your product development strategy.  You want users to be your friend, not drive them away.  Don't rest on your laurels and take advantage.  One simple example: the persistent ad for your Messenger app.  If you can't see how ludicrous that is, you have bigger issues.
love it
Can't play videos.the moment I click on a video it crashes it sucks dude
Nice app
Since my most recent update today I have been unable to watch vid clips on my phone through your app please fix this asap as I use it everyday for vids
App has been improved since recent. I love this interface, beautiful and flat, looks wonderful on my Galaxy S5.   Yet, privacy issues that require odd permissions and data that I don't quite agree with; and this app causes a decent bit of battery drain when installed.
It takes up way to much space on my phone
For me
I have an advice update it plzzz .....
¡­¡­update again  lolzzz
Ejas molek sikit.......
Some times its really slow
When I'm connected to WiFi it becomes extremely slow and even with my data it will freeze

Yes
Nice
Facebook
It gr88

No complaints.  Works great.
Love it
Biche
dont install this my samsung galaxy y is low on space
Good
very good
Slow and unstable  lg g2! Wont even let me upload a video! And when its "uploading" which it aint fb wont even open jus keeps closing had to uninstall!  STOP WITH THE UPDATES UNLESS YOUR MAKING IT BETTER!! ITS GOTTEN WORSE!
On tablets, its really fun to post with my friends and family.
Lot of creepy people have Facebook, u dont know who u are going to meet!! I hate Facebook....and to many fake profile
Al
Boring
i always love posting and getting in touch w/ my friends through this app .. BUT this app occupies too much space in my internal storage AND also this app always STOPS! I have installed and uninstalled this like so many times already. this app is useful but pls try even harder to fix these bugs .thank you .
Can't watch videos
I'm digging this app. I feel like I have full use of the site as though I'm on the website.
It eats my internal storage and i hate it! !
Since last update can no longer post photos from Samsung galaxy 4.  Please fix!!!!!!!
Back to using Web version
Candy Crush saga
Keeps locking up on my S5. Clear cache & data still locks up. Have to restart phone. Pain please fix.
Fbook
Great app
Bad guy code theft!

I prefer my news feed showing most recent. Too much hassle to do it right now. Also, app size is HUGE. Biggest app on my phones.
I would like to know why y'all feel the need to record my privacy. Videotape my privacy. Check my emails text messages that's not far at all. Why does the app just shut down all of a sudden?
Since last two updates I'm not been able to see any profile picture of any friend of mine until I go to there profile click the not showing profile picture to preview it
Excellent
The. Latest version hang to much please fix this

You guys really need to fix the app where I can see what's happened most recently instead of five days ago! I end up looking creepy when I like people's statuses from last Tuesday. Fix it.
Like
Nice
Hard to find friends list. I  get confused easily by this.
Winner
Love it
Face book is face book
Lovely ...
Add top comments feature to the app.
good
Reliable... fast and great socialising skills
Good
I love it because you can cumunicate with people from far


Since yesterdays update i can't even open Facebook anymore. Stop all the updates. If it can get up and running again will give more stars until then 1 star it will have to be and that is 1 star too many.
I'm having trouble watching videos because it always says "Sorry, an unknown error occurred while trying to play this video" but everything else is fine
Time error
Constantly closing, freezing, or even better, won't open! What's going on Facebook?!?! Please fix!
First time on face book.Making new friends.
After the update that completely redesigned the app, things have just been worse and more difficult to find.
Facebook
best of all.
It's ok
Its comunicate me with my loved persons an faimly members
Makin asyk..
There is something wrong with the display. ...please fix it....I'll rate 5 star then....
Facebook friends
Excellent app
....easy to connect online viewing. Such us YouTube..and mobile upload...the signal is so good....
It's good it's need for some fixes
Sexy
VALERIE
Privacy Issues I don't care for.
There is'nt a reply option of a comment, can't copy a status,comments shows in a weird way ..
This app works, perfectly.
Page not loading after update
i like this app, its fast & easy for chatting, getting updates,  notifications etc....
Ya
Of course
I like it
The timeline not being in time  order is absolutely ridiculous! If I want to see what was going on 12 - 24 hours ago I'll go look ... when I log into Facebook I want to see the latest updates from my friends and not the annoying "you may also like ads. The app has gotten very slow and each update is something worse. On the PLUS side ... thank you SO MUCH for finally adding the ability to remove tags ... that had been a long time coming and it's absolutely fantastic!
Working unlimited
Still plays videos when I exit videos
Good working
Taking up way too much space updating all the time
OK app
I just wish there was a way I can see how many friends I have on Fb
Its so cool app and its faster than ever must download......
I love this app
Update again!
Cant upload photos? Whats up
Causes errors an freezes up because its always changing
Facebook is out of control asking for all these permissions to watch and track all my phone uses. Really? Facebook=NSA now?
I love this app
Huge data consumption
:)
Quick.easy.access to family
Lov u mark
Aircraft maintanance planner
Good
Facebook
Carlie
Ok
S5
Can only put photos taken on phone via mobile. Can't upload downloads from backups and suck.
Great!
Nyc
The new version is super super buggy so annoying
Good apps
Facebook like it
I've always wanted to like videos so that I could watch them again later, but I always found myself digging through my activity log to find them and ending up out of luck.  Maybe there could be a way to archive any videos that appear on my timeline (whether shared or posted) so that I could watch them anytime I wanted to as long as they're still published?  I don't know if this is possible, but it might help more people than just me because I can't be the only one who would like this kind of convenience.
Love facebok
I can't see any images and pictures .update please... Thank you.
I just love it..it really help
Abosolutely love it
New UI is awful!!
me to install it
Need improvment in some areas like stopping notification from group post which I previously liked or commented. .
Recent posts plz & copy texts like status
Good
Won't stay set to "most recent".  Occasionally changes the setting to automatically start videos (I do not want it to automatically start them).
Love it
became slower...bad update
New update sucks
Keep in touch with old mate .lovely
Love it


Awesomie......!
The new update is okay but the chat is actin' up
My widget loads and so does the app, but once open it freezes the screen and I can't navigate at all. My phone is brand new and this only happens with FB.  Please fix!
Why?
I don't no
By default, Posts should be sorted by recent. Why this is not the case is beyond me.
Employe
I like it
Fb is v good
Can't review pending post, says connection error
But make it more faster and more stylish
I love this apps. But, i very hate if loading very slow -_- can plus faster loading?
After some updates it starts getting slow.... Why it doesn't give you the option to download videos into the phone?
Can't post can't like my wall is missing and cover pic missing.... like this all day
An amazing social app. Very fast than all other social apps
it deserves 5 stars but kindly add editing feature for custom sharing option just like web version and video download option.  am using samsung galaxy note 2..
Facebook, you need a diet!
Love it
Love it
Of course it's facebook!
It is useful to me and i'm very satisfied  by using this, because this App was still maintining my privacy Security and there are a lot of feature where ever you want to view,thanks to the developer.
Great full
it's amazing
Good
Biiiiiigu like
Nicely
Love to connect with my peeps
luv
My phone having 157mb free space but this app shows insufficient space
Keeps shutting down
Works pretty good but is missing some key functionality. Need to implement the ability to disable page notifications from the mobile app. As it is, any time anyone comments on a photo, a page, etc I get a notification. I can stop it via the PC Web browser but not from mobile app. I'm not always at my PC.
But one problem. After updating I cannot start it from icon.
Please add "share in private message" function. As you see in many pages, people need to mention their friends in order for them to see the post. It'll be awesome if they can "share in private message" like web version.
I would like to see how many friends I have accumulated over time, it doesn't show me at all and while I'm reading a post it automatically jumps to the most recent post while I'm reading that's so annoying. I like the web version so much better bcuz it lets you see much more than the Facebook app does. This app need some major improvements however, I love the recent updates it gives you more options than the older version did please fix it so I can see how many friends I have Thx!
Love it
Good
Best! (Y)
The first and best social networking app.
Crashes within 10 seconds of opening it after latest update
Cool
Its very easy
My app always messes up. I can never view my notifications! I can barely post pictures and statuses!
Not perfect
And y'all can't even update a simple app without wrecking it
I love this apps.
You can chat while on the go, force closes a bit though. Galaxy apollo
Will open, I can scroll a little bit, then it freezes up and crashes. Constantly. Very annoying to keep restarting.
Comments feed loops when trying to show previously posted comments
No sd
Great for keeping in touch with family
Good
23/7/14...What is wrong with FB..keeps moving me from my viewing with the f****ng feed page...FIX IT....¡ñ                          The new look is CRAP...25/6 Uninstalled yet again. keeps saying FB has stopped!! omg what a fu...in farce. Also is Anyone else having this problem??...started doing it 9th June, after update. Click the "photos' box, the screen orientation changes from panoramic to portrait so I have to turn tablet round to choose a photo to look at...I have uninstalled...no difference. Very inconvenient so 1 star only. Also dont like the new way to post comments.. page too big and empty.....much prefferred the small box to post in.
I love Facebook sometimes
The previous versions of Facebook app doesn't lag much.
If it didn't take up so much space it'd be somewhat nice
Recent update wont show videos. Please fix for 5*
This update is better.
Excellent
Tk srara
I have had a great experience with this app. Wish all were like this one!
<3
Love it
2014, still can't play HD Video. T.T
Facebookpage
App keeps crashing really frustrating when you're in the middle of a post or searching for something...... please FIX
I love it.
Nice awy belef
Download is way to slow been waiting for 20 minets an it is now only 25%
With every video "try" to play it either doesn't load or plays for 10 sec and tells me "sorry but an unknown error occured when trying too play this video" fix this now as I know am not the only one too have the same problems, very unhappy
Tdd
Needs a way to move FB to a SD card. This app is running my space low. Every other week a new update is killing my memory.
Shaikh
I like the new update
I can't watch any of the videos since the update!
I love having fb available on my phone, but the latest update seems to cause constant freezing on my Galaxy Centura. Grr!
A7a
Nothing loads, nothing is in the right order. It just waste my time and is a waste of space.
Aplikacija je pusiona...nikad vise na moj mob nece... Svakim updateom je losija umjesto bolja...

After the update it is no longer starts... Gets to splash screen and then crashes.

Problems with people status always saying it was posted "just now"
Not bad
Very bad but i like it
Woa! This is much much better version than the oldies before. You guys did a GREAT job!!
Great
It always logging me out._.
I like Facebook very much.
Grate app
This is a fun game
Excelente
I think u should find a way to block spams on ppl pages a spaw that says I lost 13 pounds by taking some cherry drops it post from my page to all my friends statutes and its becoming very annoying and frustrating
¡­preforms great, the only thing I hate is the content haha! But the devs have done an amazing job of designing this app! It has come a long way!
Facebook keeps stalling.  Will not load.

not baad
Cool
403
Loved it
Very good apps
You got rid of newsfeed sorting. Epic fail Facebook. Deleting this app until that is fixed. Sticking to mobile site.
Improve the privacy its not good
Awsome
Its facebook... but on your phone. It works seamlessly and I love how it's kind of even functional offline in a cool way.
No problrms
W......    nxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx.                                           G,,,,d,o cc
Won't allow me to open my pending post? Please fix.
Same shyte
Can't upload pics or vids. Galaxy s5
I love it
Bring back most recent to the news feed, it's useless without because I'm seeing useless information from a day ago.
Problem message pops up when I'm not on the app.
Too large too much space...
Facebook takes to long to load or preview pic speed up the process plz, so for this a star short.
AWESOME WHEN NOT ABUSED!!!!
Really Really bad after Update. Day by day it sucks. V poor over all.
Good
I love it
Facebook company my facebook is going crazy it comes up wi update new fb and when i do it doesnt work can you fix this for me before i chip it out the window and when i turned my facebook off and put it back on the update button pops up am not happy please can you fix this and also my time line is going crazy i see people messsges from days before that and i am not seeing the currents ones
BETTER!!!
Just great!!:-)
All the latest updates sucks cos it doesn't support any video fromat !!
Easy way to keep up
Please update "who can view my post", theres no option to customized viewers.
Cool
It is rubish
Continual re-designing by facebook is very frustrating. The changes are Not improvements. Continually have to search & find new ways to do & see same old things. Leave it alone! Found methods on internet only to discover they apply to previous versions. Also, 'Most Recent' Should Be Newsfeed Default, NOT 'TOP STORIES'.
Nice
Bring back recent posts as default on news feed. HATE this newest update! WHY is my favorite cause page that is "liked" no longer in my news feed???????.
Not enough storage to update. Can't you put the storage on the sd card?
Love it love it
Cool:-)
Love it
Awesome
Gratitude!!!
Ever since the new update, I can't scroll through my news feed. So this app is useless
1. It would be nice if you could take away one of the the bars on the top. You know, it takes part of the screen.  It makes my screen smaller. I prefer the whole screen free.  2. Other thing is, the app starts on news on the left side and I need to go all the way to the right to get the menu. I don't like that!
Amazing
This app is good! :)
cushdy
This is very good
I love it
Doesn't even I chat with my friends dont relpy back people. it won't reply.
Too slow
Mom y
I wish it would only prompt you once if you want stickers, smileys & other add ons. I hate having to repeatedly close out those prompts. If you choose no once, it should default to that option & stop asking. Should you want it at a later date, have the availability to add it through settings.
Sooper
This is fifty cents short of a dollar i am un installing it till it has another update
New Update
Just speechless
Who wants a good morning @ Night...!!!
Good communication for all my friends, really happy happened
Fix
Best evrr
This new update totally borked it. Crashing like a 16 year old with a BMW and a smartphone.  Most common crash - after searching for a user and tapping to select,  BOOM.
It's ok for me
Josss
Love it
:-)
Good
Did they remove the "Recent Activity" section for friends pages, or "Recently Added Friends" ??  Can't find that info anywhere anymore, or even Pokes... Why!? Very disappointing... :-/
Yes again
Soo good
At least you can now go to setting options and change it to most recent... but once again, you have to do it every time you open the app...
The app need to put recent stories in the news feed
You can use it everywhere..  :-) :-) :-) :-)
Thanks for your efforts to keep us online with our friends by this application. but hope to improve it by adding the button of "stop notifications" in the app. thanks you again.
Since the new update, it wont even load! I can't do anything!
Get it now
I love it
Ve ve Good
I like it but it can be slow
I don't like the new look!
Loved it
Chack
Ok
I keep the app for checking on things quickly but for some reason the app is flawed. I get the majority of my news feed as yesterday's posts. I also get well into checking things out with my friends and it sends me to the top for "new stories" or it starts all over again from the first post I read. Facebook inc. or whatever they call themselves screwed this one up. Way to go Mark
Facebook technical motto: keep fixing it until it's useless.
Live with us...
Pls be download
Excellent

Wrk so gd even in low range of internet
Still not able to watch videos and this is the Fourth update for it, how many more updates does this need till the problem is fixed.
Diri adlh mliputi jasmani n rohani..bla rohani xk kuat,jasmani akn lmah..
Good
Very nice this apps
Good
Good
Love it
It keeps giving me an error code when I try to install it on my Note 3
It lags way too much and its very slow. The size is getting bigger after every update.
When you uninstall it u will se what does speed means. XD It slows down ur phone to much...
1 - The privacy when. I trying to post and select people  that see the post , they can see each other!  ,, 2 - The reply on comments , 3 - then newest feed !!
This app used to be fine but recently scrolling is not working properly on time line , it stops and eventually freezes . Will increase rating once fixed
I like this apparently
Takes a lot of battery
Yea baby
Too many ads
Cant download
LOVE 24/7
Good
The last update totally screwed the video and picture loading.  I constantly have to restart my phone to make it work, and then I still.sonetimes can't see videos.  Fix it!  It wasn't broken before...
Facebook
It's great and know I can easily know about my friends
Needed
good fb
Zahid
Great app !
good
This is my first time getting Facebook
Muy bueno par chisme
You basically ¨¤re made feel like shit
****
Great
Facebook is a good way to keep in touch with people but have not been able to do that so Facebook please fix the bugs that are going around on Facebook now the app forces close with no warning
I have a Galaxy Note 3 and since the last update it shuts down when I want to see my friends pictures or their profiles. Also when I'm going to post something I can't tag anyone or post where I'm at. All u see is the loading icon and it never loads it.
It works. I would love to see the "most recent" as a default list option again. It is still a large app for what little it actually does. Needs more streamlining.
Since the new update the videos won't play
Its a great app.
It runs slow and I don't like it. In addition, it lasts to open the app.
I love Facebook!
Always stupid .
Goo
Better than most
Raw
Galaxy core
Wont download the new update, keeps saying I don't have enough storage. I've deleted apps and removed stuff but it still wont update. I dont mind because everyone seems to be complaining about the new update, but i dont want it popping up every 5 min. saying I need to update.
Cool app Hey guess what
I like it
I enjoy this browser . awesome
It cool
Love to remarkable
Loads some of the videos then cuts out get it sorted xperia z
How do I access all my liked pages on Samsung galaxy note 3
Loved it
Why hide anything when Facebook feeds the NSA and they perform social experiments on us? So much for freedom.
It so easy to use
Update made it faulty, too slow and not responding
....nice ,even i got problem sometimes...
New facebook
Facebook you just doing such a great job, here is 5 Stars.But we need a " Dislike" Button
This is a very good app I love it it works very good on a android.
Cjackson
Deniecia leacock
Works great now! Samsung galaxy S4
Twitter is cooler
Still work to do
Rami
Very good
I don't know what happens to my app, it doesn't show its not working.
It would be really great if you make a HQ option when watching videos!!!!!!!
I like facebook but it takes up all my internal space (100mb)because its unable to move to micro sd card
Keeps freezing on anything except scrolling through. Can't 'continue reading' long posts. Needs fixing fast! Edit......... Just rebooted, seems to be working for now.
You know it
Like i love it...
yeah
The best spy program ever
Fine, smooth and nice saves time
yea
This app is so easy to use!
It's just as facebook is. Not much to say about it...
Cashes and takes up to much memory
Looks nice but it crashes every single time if access  my or any  of mya friends profiles.  I am using a  Dell Venue phone
Awesome get to see Wht everyone is doing
THIS IS SH.T.when I try using this Facebook app,it doesn't work.I have to use the web.this is sh.t and waste of tablet memory!!!!!!!!! I hate this app!!
Whenever I  view/click a photo from one of my albums I get sent to my feed.
Meh. Needs some improvement.
So far the only problem that I have is that while playing videos it crashes
I love it:)
Great app ever
MOST RECENT...
Phillip
Good
Can tag friends, but not people in groups, which I am a member of or admin.
I love Facebook because you can talk every body
Add video download option plzzzzz.its just play.
A lil slow sometimes! fix that
Facebook page
Why it is necessary to download Facebook messenger for chatting....When open my messages it says me to download Facebook messenger app plzz fix this problem
Jewel
USE IT
It says INVALID COD URL! IT SUCKS..
Please this is the best solution to kill the fake accounts. Please add in Facebook user details with any government identity number(which is permanent). With that id a person can open only one account. Than only slowly fake accounts will b die. Please do this as soon as possible.
Fast access to my facebook
Consistent restarts and burns up battery when manualy set to battery save mode or when in airplanr mode. Need to be able to shut completely down manually. Conflicts with phone. Causes phone calls to drop by tying up all of memory when auto sync runs.
I though online by phone are not good...but after a week it was so compatible
So so
Facebook
I loved this app
To chat
Its really easy to use I use it all the time
Love it!
NIce
This app is not much good
Usman
Bcoz 7/10 this app will force close when I open it.
Love
Can't send message
Better than the rest of the fb apps!
It won't let me login!! Every time time I try to login it says it has an unknown error please try again this app needs to be fixed
:it's awesome Nice :)
Loved it
We don't like a most popular timeline! We want most recent! Read the comments!
Loved it
Meeeeeh could put games on
When u comment it will show you your comment then it won't and then it won't post it but only with comments Please Fix this
It consumes a lot of internal memory ... plz do something..but the app is too good.. also give option of attach file in chat
Nice
Loveit
Good
I love facebook
They need to somehow make the app smaller
Please fix bug where comments not showing (background is transparent) on android l
Is socks
Exllent app
Data only goes to internal memory and not external, I keep needing to delete the data just to recieve texts messages, gets annoying.
Will randomly freeze up and not let me do anything and I have to remove it then re install it really annoying plz fix
pleas try to add the video download ring function
Having issues since update. Notifications take me to the post and tell me that someone liked or commented, but it won't display the comments.
Fix it or else no one will download it.
Full on
UPDATE 2: Performance and basic functions fixed. Still no TABLET OPTIMIZED UI w/ all the time they've had. The revamped UI is superficially attractive, the main newsfeed is still a "popularfeed" instead of recents (which is still in the right most menu hidden). UPDATE 1: MAKE A TABLET OPTIMIZED UI. ORIGINAL: Now that this app has gone native instead of using that HTML5/webview bs, it's actually enjoyable to use on android.
Good
Wish that we could save it in our sd cards
Nice
Yet again won't install. It keeps telling me there's an error in the file to uninstall and reinstall it. Read comments before updating!!!! I'm not the only one having issues. Not enough memory also. Won't load correcty when it does install. Please get it right with the next update or stop updating it all together.
Love dream it amaz
Feca book
Ydjglk
Great!
My app won't even open. As soon as I click on it , it goes to the log-in page but then right away it exits after I open it. I have restarted my phone and uninstall this app and re-installed it and it still does the same thing.. Please fix this!!!
I'm really diggin the new design. I love the app. Its simple, clean and savvy.
The best ever
Wow
Really Good app....!!
Keep it LOCKED ON MOST RECENT POSTS ...I CAN SCROLL & VIEW Old Messages ? I GIVE YALL A HALF OF STAR
FB in my hand. Too Good
Thanks
This bs and it wont let me choose to see recent post. I dont wanna see old post fix this crap
With latest update the app stopped working
Feeling good
I need a Facebook account
Love it
Umm its facebook
Add custom settings in Privacy..
I like facebook
Like
it couldnt be better love it :)
I love it
Better than others
Buena!!
My news feeds take FOREVER to load and it eretates me
Conner
Facebook
Its Facebook how can u complain lol everybody loves facebook
Pictures or videos won't display halfway through the timeline
Love this app
I love facebook :) the updates have been different, but pretty chill :)
Need to be able to add more than 5000 friends
excellent
Wow...you have my 4 rates this time.....I'm glad I've done updating my fb just now,..thanks...
Application
Good
Nice
App loading and scroll is smooth compared to previous versions
Nice
Its gt grt features...jux needs a lil xtra
Cool apps cool friends and cool me also hahahahhahaha
Good
Meet many old and new friends thank u fb
Privacy????
It's an ok app
Can't watch a video over 1:30 min duration.!!!
Be aware !!you will get addicted
Singh
I love Facebook  because  you can get in touch with friends
Nice app for Samsung Mobile
T.his is ridiculous ... Facebook. None of the videos play I have uninstalled and installed to see if it would help. No. Then I called my carrier they didn't know. So I ended up restarting my phone I just got. luckily I hadn't really put anything on it. This app doesn't work on my droid ultra
I'm not getting a text message on my phone  with a code to sign in.  I can sign in on my computer but not my phone. Its very aggravating.  Please fix. Its been 3 days now!!!!!
i revised my vote from 1 star, to 3 stars.  video autoplay can now be disabled.  this returns sanity to the app, and I will use it again.   buy i worry about it being a battery hog.   we shall see.
Worst worst worst app
Need 2 be able 2 move 2 SD Card!!!
Nice
Fireselam
Very good, i like so far.
Can help one another who has problems
Updates first obvious feature is that it's now really difficult to scroll the news feeds. Seems as though the sensitivity has been seriously reduced.
Good
It's okay sometimes it's slow but overall it's a good app
Love Facebook!
New update is cumbersome, touch lost sensitivity.
Nice aap
Its OK not worth billions tho
Won't let  me like stuff in offline
Every video that I watch on FB crashes with this app????
not bad
5 star
Its nice regardin many social activity da nly backdrop being takes lots f tym to update news feed...
Quad-core processor? Yup. Tons of memory? Yup. 50 Mbps LTE? Yup. Is Facebook smooth, fast and reliable? Nope. The mobile web site actually works better! News feed is a chaotic mish-mash that randomly re-sorts itself for no reason. Good luck reading a post and then finding it again 5 minutes later!
Jitna kahu utna km. To kuch kehta hi nahi
After update .it is too slow and  crash everytime after 2-3 minute and sometimes crash immediately. When i chat with someone screen become dark nd it crashes. Its irritating.Please fix it.
Love facebook
It is a great way to share moments with your friends
Like it so far
Awesome application
Karna fb banyak perselingkuhan,yg punya suami/sebaliknya,dan yg sudah berpasang jadi cerai.yang punca pacar main belakang.fb cari teman perselingkuhan.
Please can we have the option to select file from a specific album when uploading pictures as scrolling through thousands of pictures gets tedious if this is implemented I would prefer the app over chrome. Thanks.
Not bad
Great.
Gilo sedap boh
Just awesome........
wasteage of time
Permissions are too invasive And remove auto play for video!  Also my settings get reset from time to time, to the worse!  Also scrolling does not work predictably anymore!
Takes up too much space.  Can't even dowload it at this point.
Nice
Working properly!! :)
Cool :) :)
Very poor bcoz not a good
I love facebook
Simply Love it great nice cool and fast n furry app......!
This app has helped me find family members i lost touch with years ago, what could be better than that? Plus i gey to see all my grandchilds puctures! AMAZING TECHNOLOGY THANK YOU!!!
It's good most of the time
Chaudhari
Superb awesome
Gud
its alright :)
Sucks always freezes and not always updating
V good
Lovely superb
Loved it
Gj
Ssssoooo grrreeeaaat eat poop everybody in the world
Its getting annoying now I've updated twice and the same issue of videos not playing is still there. I would give it 5 stars but most posts today includes a few videos here and there and I always have to log on via computer to watch these videos. "Sorry an error occurred while trying to play the video" it always comes up with that
amazing
Good
Love it
I like this app it work great on my phone.
Its gone from bad to worst ay
1 yildiz verdim ..de niye yorumum gorunsun istiyorum cozemedim amk
Should have option to move it to Sd card
Kashif mansoor maan
Just great
Love it. Always on it.
I loved it
Why can't I save my own pics anymore? Needs fixing
This is a really good map but it has some problems.
Very nice
This is so sweet
Good
Might be getting a little to much for a phone.
Good app..
My news feed refreshes every time I click on an external link. It's a bummer when you have to go back and scroll down through like 50 posts to get to where you were
Bczzz its nt installing...evrtym i try to download.each time it shows unknown error -24..plz fix this problem..
Open
Amanulla
Great!
Still unable to update i've not been able to update my status for months, and that is the main reason i use FB, sort it out.
Apps
Getting better
Fabulous
Mustafa is smart boy
Due to this app my other apps r not working.. It's continuously in background.. It is occupying and consuming more Ram in my Moto G

Its awezome
its very slow n galaxy s1..suck it
lame..
Love it so much
It is a great site
Can't say it on
SOOMARDASS
What happened to facebook now ,most worst updates and not able to download videos and tooo slow base data conection...¡Á¡Á¡Á¡Á¡Á¡Á¡Á¡Á¡Á¡Á¡Á¡Á¡Á
Really wish I didn't update my Facebook.. I like old one better because the new one won't let see pictures and videos at all. It's pretty frustration to me. Please fix it before I decide to uninstall Facebook for good... Btw I wish it would stop pop up and tell to update it. Everytime I ignore it and it froze my phone. So I had to update it. I hate it.. You need to fix it like serious.
I can't stay up to date on recent posts. All I see is old posts. PLEASE fix this.
Hiiii
Love Of
Like
Biggest thing that needs to change is putting back the ability to image search in chat again. No clue why that was taken out.
Its more easy to use.. thanks for the update.....B-)
its taking. For ever for the pictires and videos. To load it makes me wont to not have the app anymore.. It needs to get fixed... And ever since they updated it, it runs slow. And its always showing older posts
Nothing to say bad about it. No bugs or problems. Easy to use. Nice app for android. I don't know why those people say bad about this app. I DIDN'T GOT ANY PROBLEMS WITH THIS APP. Excellent work
Its awesme
I lovU fb
Amazing chat software.....
Can't log in!!!!!!!!!!
Love life and necessary
Runs a bit better nowadays. Shame about permissions, wants to read my SMS? Wants to listen to my mic? Nope!
Mantap
Don't get me wrong I love my fb app...I just wish I could see all posts an see the mist resent ones...I'm looking at posts that are two days old..not feeling that...I also will like a post then have to go back later an like it again...would give five stars if  could post in comments an do all that everybody else is able to do..I have the Samsung galaxy 3g not the most recent phone but still should be able to post pics in comments an have no issues with likening a post. Please fix these if at all possible.
Sms
I can get hold of ppl I care bout
Good
First problem is it loads really slowly sometimes even on wifi..next thing is i cant watch videos when anyone posts one .. The app just closes by itself non responsively and when i turn it back the app starts from the first blue loading screen..this happens every time i press on a video to watch
Better
Won't let me on...since update pls. Fix
With latest update, unable to even view videos. Thanks :-) Earlier no download, now no view. Later close Facebook for good... Are you game???
Facebook..................sexy guys hehe.................lmao byee
It's freezing  up now!
hirn
app take very high data usage...
I'm Loving It!
Beautifull
Yyyiyyyyyyy
like it
simply superb...
Facebook is amazing
I love this its cool
Cant set newsfeed in date rather than most popular
The app seems to work properly until I play a video.  It crashes everytime.  This is highly inconvenient.
SArigam vapi
I love it but it freezes alot
Awesome
Wooowwww ... super
Gr8 Apps
Good
Living book in face
After installing the newest version of fb app I found that they have improved their stability .... Good one
Thanks for all the latest version of this message
Really sick of seeing posts 3 days after they were posted but see other stuff over and over. Please fix/quit experimenting with the settings.
Hi
Every time I get an update my app stops working. Please fix it or I will be deleting for good.
Good
Every update i make my Facebook is slower and slower.
Pls fix it...
Gud
Du
Great social app. Could use a little more speed, but other than that it's a great app.
Awesome
Nice to use..esy handling.bt slow
The least expensive way to feel closer to my international friends. It has brought my family closer too. .. :)
Lousy app Zuckerberg should just kill himself and stop fuckin selling our info and pix to the government
Now
The new update is soo aweful! I don't ever want to see top stories, just most recent. And why did they switch up where everything was? Blah, not good :p and with each new update, it keeps freezing more and more
I've tried uninstalling and reinstalling over a handful of times this app hasn't been working for the last month and when it does work I go into the app then it yells me this app is not responding. *PLEASE HELP
Add the option of download video plzzzzzzzz
Mast
,Good
I think it is topest social networking in the world
laddu yadav
Babi
Update it.
Help us to maintain relationship
It occupies to much space of my phone it works very slowly and every time when i open it gets crashes .. Pls fix this problem
Nice time pass
I Love facebook
Facebook
To everyone that says you cant get most recent you are wrong. go to the part with 3 lines on top of each other and then scroll to most recent. there u have it!
Fjfjfjf
sooooprzrr exelant
Takes up way to much space now
try to open & app force closes after about 6 secs
Super
Se pueden calmar con las actualizaciones? Agreguen mejoras por lo menos.
Its very easy
I used to be able to socially interact w/family & friends & comment on their postings or my own but now my keyboard doesn't appear, the FB freezes, unable to scroll through pages. I hope it's repaired soon as this our main means to contact family & friends overseas. If I'm able to use my FB again I will raise the rating again.
It hangs a lot when I use it.
Very nices
awosome apps Very good
If you never had a Facebook, Im gonna tell whoever reads this review is too run as far as you can from this app. Just dont look back you dont need one, it is entirely addictive for no reason. I personally made one just to contact a old friend and boom, 5 months later im a daily Facebook user.
I like& LOVE face book
I like this
Worst than last one . guys plz make become fast and  i'll give 5 star
Excellent
Idk what they do to it everytime it ends up worse.
Nice
wicked
If I could give this no starts I will !!! it bugs alot  !!!
Superbbbb
Update 22++ MB, but after update 31++ MB, plus data 31++ MB total = 63++ MB wtf ???
Reduce the size.. And otherwise very gud
Very nice app ,please including live video chat
Always hang in my fathers gslaxy s4 but works properly on my tab
Best Social networking app
The last update very bad
Lovely apps
Superb
PDP KE TARAH
I'm always using Facebook. Can't stay off it! :)
Very cool app! Love the ui! Wanna design ui one day! 
Ok they need to make facebook so i can see what is going on right now not 12 howers a go then 2 min ago then a day ago it sucks plz fix it so i can see the most up to date / time
Ram problems
The app is totally fine but just updating your profile is just not easy. It sais in a relationship and if i want to change it i want to click on "in a relationship" and change it not go to change profile -> this that -> idk it just is too much work
Nice
Awesome!
Nice..
Very nice and mazedar app
Performance
Cool
I really dont like this new facebook update. I cant find the log out place! I just dont like it!!
why cant loading picture?
Nice
Networking
Excellent Aw
Can't share the link to others apps, and can't copy the words...hope can upgrade this
Pls fix the privacy sync so I can download my photos from the device really I'm very annoyed from this stuff
Its good app to connect with ur fb account and get notification at a time....lv it..
Gud app n so esy
Great yeah.
Awsome
Cool
Gud
Very nic
This app rocks as usual... i wud give 5 * if u gyz r adding a faciility to use our fav. Video players....so that we can dwnld fb videos using mobile phone....hope u guyz will   .....:)
LOVE FACEBOOK
Needs a dislike button and ability to move faster..connection speed sucks otherwise ok
Fix dis crap
It looks like that it should have size between 8 to 10mb
See what friends ire up to
Videos doesn't work ...only freezing
Perfect companion
It has some bugs but the design is amazing :-)
Xelent
The best
Ipoh u.f
I mean come on i feel like an alien that's have been lost on earth. Idk where everything is. How do I search? And why does stuff from 2 weeks ago appear in between stuff from 2 seconds ago in recent posts category? Wtf facebook?
I do not like where you have to go to your newsfeed to change it back to recent everytime you go to a new page
Resource Hog!
Loved it
There is not enough memory on my phone to run the updated app it stores to much data please fix. I also want to be able to change my feed from top stories to most recent easily! as I can't find the setting on this updated version.
Very worst social appp
I like this app. Iloved it..
Its to slow, and to much changing things!

Too good!
I LIKE IT
I don't want to install a second crappy app just to read my messages.
It force me to follow the apps anyway...! More....! I like it however.
Crash constantly..........
Awesome
All of the thanks
Nice
So many bugs! Account settings doesn't even work!
Hello facebook
It better than any facebook app available but I am facing problem with the notification led in my nexus 5. It blinking continuously with the blue led also after seeing the notification. I have to restart my mobile to make the blinking stop. it's irritating.
Need to fix what I see on my wall... keeps changing and I want to see more of family and friends. Please fix this asap. Thank you
Liked it
Hi
i cant see my close friend's  news feed :( pls fix that
Since the update, I have not been able to access my profile. Please fix. Please fix.
NOTT
Good
Its gud..
It's Facebook...
Good
Okay
Facebook download
Great am loving it
This app is required to be upgraded and option for video chat
Nice.. ....
It used to crash but after new update it works perfectly.
This app was awsome
Can't play a single video posted by friends.
Thank you for hearing. Now i give 4 stars.
Most of time I can't scroll down
Home
Please improve performance.  its really laggy also a memory hog. Feature wise the app is quite nice but try to improve screen real estate
It is gud to use n easy
Sometimes it freezes after I watch videos but over all it's great!!(:
I love faceboook
This latest update worked fine until 5 minutes ago when it won't even let me open Facebook please fix then ill rate it higher
N Not
Fb is good app. But sometime not responding in my device..
Super facebook . I love facebook .
Ok Ok Ko
12344321
Good
Maknyussssss
Minda diaz
I love it
Loved it
Awesome
Best
good
The new format looks different (in a bad way) but I think I would get used to it. I really needed an update where devices with poor connection can still enjoy the app. Thanks.
Duffu
Seems like every update has a 50/50 chance of makings things worse
Awsom app
Great
Osam
My wifi 4mbps...the line is clear n fast..but when i wanna login it says check my network...
Nic
This is the Greatest app ever but if you could add a translate Button would be great because I like famous soccer players pages and they are in for example: Portuguese, German, and Spanish. Thanks you.
Goody
I hate facebokk...i hate the one who had cewated it...it  is the worst app ever...it distruct me in my stadies a lot...bekaz of it all the time i use fb and dont study...i chat with my frnds all day long just wanna kill the man who created this app......
Mfayees
No option to set news feed to recent by default.  Keeps trying to get me to use their nearby app even though I've already declined.
Everything is going to be the first k
Nice
i love Facebook because i  have my fiends .and i love Facebook
Fazal
I had given a bad review before. Things have gotten a lot better. It still has its moments, its flaws but over all I am much happier with this app now. I really love some of the changes. You have won me back facebook. Keep up the good work.
Crash Some times.
Cool
Vvv gd
Best gle
Face book
Where is the video's that I upload in the past..?
Good i like this
I love to fulfill their first year of high school
I love this app!!! <3
Loved it
When I tried upgrading Facebook, it tells me that I have insufficient storage. I've tried reinstalling with the same error. I'm only using 4gb of my 32gb storage capacity on my HTC One M7. No other application does this to me. I just downloaded and installed Adobe Photoshop Express, which is a bit larger than the Facebook app, with no problems.
Could be alittle better.  But hell, best thing out there.
Love it
This app gets to certain point then wants to freeze, also when trying to get on the app starts then goes to phone screen each time I try to go on line with it.
I like the way your able to reach out to friends and family.
Indonesia satu
Pero seria mejor q tenga opciones para redusir los datos q consume en especial aui en argentina. Por q la internet del celu en general es pesima
1One
Good app
Idk know why every time this app seems to get worse. Wont even load. Its crappy on mobile browser as well won't upload pics or let you delete posts.
nyccc
Plzz fix it everytym I try tz app does nt open or even worst my phone switch off
Ok
Thanks
When i apload a profile pic or a timeline it looks fuzzy.Plz fix dis!
Average
ASGAR ALI
I would die without this app Facebook is only getting better
Luv
Simply Brilliant!
Its veryyyy veryyyyyyyy niceeeeee
Om Namo Shiva !
Keeps hanging once I try to load a photo ... only happened when I updated to the new version
WON'T OPEN
We need new update...Plaease
OK
good
Oh its nice app
Good
I love this. This is amazing
Very very good applaction
File is big
must download this app to fast surfing
Bagal nman
Owsem
Still good
I thought. It was more than than what it is.but don't get me wrong its good if your looking for old friends. And people you've. Meet!
Samsung
Love facebook
A full app. I didn't see a problem with it!
S p b
Sometimes doesnot work
Try it men. as iam new to it icould nt know much about it...since iam just 14 yrs
Gooooo....d
On Facebook text cannot copy paste plz add this edit options.
For an older version
DOM
V
Notification error is permanent on app how to let it go?
Last few updates I cannot see full messages.  Always shiwing waiting for network. Rest of fb app  works ok.
The new version literally sucks to core. I thought this wuld hv som unique features or shortcuts bt no nothing is added. I can't evn set my news feed into 'most recent' permanently as it was bfore.
Keeping up with my friends. .
Still waiting on poke button. Now app is a battery hog while running in the background.
I love Facebook
Helps to keep intouch with evry one
Good one... great one
Works well
Love it
Nice
Excellent
Love it
Love is only a 4n call away
It's Facebook
Easy nd best app to use
Y
It takes a lifetime to load pictures.
It is too slow
Great, now I don't have an option to chose what posts I see? Where's the "most recent" option for news feeds?  I don't care what happened 5 days ago.
Gooooood
Nic
It's fun and easy to use.
Nice app
cannot connected
this old vision doesnt want to download  Bbm
I love it.....
Good
keep going youll get there like what you're doing with messenger also
But .........?
It always crashes and goes super slow. The constant close outs is what kills me. I know it's not my phone because I have more than enough data and storage space..CRAP APP.
Very helpfull
Good
Cant download sucks... fix and i might give 5 stars samsung galaxy tab 3
The app is useless. If UC browser notified me every time I get an inbox, I'd use that and never install this heap of junk.
Cant move it t sd card i aint got space on my phone
no need to provide updates without any improvement.
It is good but, there are some errors.
Excellent
Kol
Facebook app is not as nice or practical as web facebook
But we want more development. .
I cant get any of the pics to load! Please fix and you will have 5 stars.
Can't play long video..  Always crash after while..  Frustrating..  Please fix..
So thanksgiving
nice
A nice app and needs a little improvement for bug fixes,otherwise the display and other things are being good!
Don't have an email added to Facebook so no option appears when I try to reset it fix plz

This new update version has new features (example: add photo in comment which not available in previous version) but slower than previous app for scrolling up and down. But video can't be played with more option for streaming video player. Improvement for connection and performance. Good job, dev! Keep it up. ¥Ä
why i can't move it to SD card !!! its a huge app but you can live without it
The best social networking site in the world
All the status updates in my news feed say "just now"  even ones that were posted (including my own) days ago.  I've uninstalled  and reinstalled twice... Now permanently uninstalled and just using Facebook on the Web.  This app has never worked properly.
Mantanga
Gud enough
gud
Works as intended
I like it
Lovely
Sanju
I can't even watch 5 seconds of a damned video. What a POS
Nice
i can't seem to get push notifications. i already went to the account settings option and everything is checked. but when i go to the app settings, the notification option is always inactive. i try to enable it but everytime i exit and check it again, it is always inactive. what gives?
Keeps on crashing everytime i play a video from my news feed. I hope it would be fixed soon. But for 2 stars only.
It seems like every time you update it gets worse.
Free online internet
Better than in the past,  improving my rating.
Gud
poor
It need lots of space in internal memory......
<3
Horrible new update. Looks too much like the iPhone.
Facebook
Its very cool app and faster from other browser just download it and check it
I Like It
EXT APP
It is a good app.. (y)
Some data are not refreshing.
Superb Machaaaaa
good
It
Like
Just when this app is getting better and better, the developer took a U turn for this app. Now the app hangs when I am opening and closing the app. Time taken to load the posts is like¡­ forever. Bad move dev. bad move.
The is no point in having Facebook messenger seriously???
Awesome
Priya
Usually I hate its ui but now extremely impressed and happy please make it more light for internal and please stop useless updates
After years of no issues these update has now got one.  So big bugger!. When I upload photos it won't let me tag people until after they have uploaded. Pretty annoying. Please can this be looked at. Thank you xxx
Fck so bad. Update everyday
socially cool
It's great
Mark bank balance kitna hai???
Best for communication
Excellent
it's the best
This is awesome apps
Wont let me log in instead error 190 API ERROR comes up
A Great Social Media App
New version sucks...
Gud application...
Nice
Since the last update, video player has started to freeze at the beginning.
I can't upload video anymore it freezes app! These updates suck
Apm
Loved it
Facebook
Change my words ;-)  better than all last updates..... Improve and stable version
its ok because sometimes it goes to slow and i wish it would stop doing it i have  a lot of friends on facebook there too many for this app to go slow
It need 5 stars
I like Facebook, would be better if the one's doing doing childish thing's would act their age,  which is not Facebook's problem.
Wonderfull.... :)
Mad
FB Best
its more better than another ones that is why most of the people loves it than the other one
No
Crashes all the time since the update. I hate it
Pretty cool  like much of the time
Ray
Good for chating..
Soooooooooooooooo goooooooooooooood
New update is great, but you realy messed up with premissions
Bekar
I can't log in to my account and I don't know why. Please fix it. 3 stars for that
I gave it a 4 is great but its easy to be hacked by hackers
Excellent!!
Can see me !!
Nice software
Its amazing.... luv it
Post
I like it man
To much memory 
It keep me communicated with friends an family I loved it
I m usig samsung galaxy s4 i m jst gttng bored while using facebook frm phone
Nice
This past update nothing loads. Runs really slow please fix
Love it
New app Facebook verg.so good.but hang fast .its true
Gajab yaar
The permissions are unnecessary and very intrusive. WiFi state.. Data state.. My goodness!
Nice app go for it but it uses too much data
I can't watch videos on my Android and that's a real downer. FIX IT !!!
I like tha Facebook
Because this make new friend
Kind of a terrible app
Bast
Raza
hahaha its good !
Great
I love fb.
Slows everything down!
Good App
Good
New update very worst.. I cant play video..pls fix it
Facebook
Since last update, I have several contacts that I can't sync to my fb friends properly. Their fb pic will not display on my phones contact list. Help!!!
Neden kapanmaya zorluyor? Cok kotu.
It's good
I hate this game so much
Hai i love this app this app is using my phone memory now its used around 160mb can you help me please
Sg3
Ung dung tot
After I update to latest version it juz showing error load news feed and I cant use it.. please fix. Thx
Not Bad
Sucks
STOP CHANGING IT!!!! About the time I figure out how to use the changes you change it AGAIN!! I DONT wanna see YESTERDAYS news TODAY and have no way on my phone to change setting too recent posts!!! Everytime you make a change my games go crazy and WONT sync!!! If it aint broke DONT FIX IT!!!! Its very AGGRAVATING to be the last one knowing news!!
Good
Try to fix more of this app...so i can give another star.
Awesum
Vv
"Error loading news feed" i've often received this notification on my phone.
app was fantastic & look so smart......
It takes a veeeeeeery loooong time to load.!
Got connected with all my childhood friends just because of FB
Beutifull app awsm..
Cool
Watching videos that my friends post is a big part of Facebook, there has been 6 or 7 updates now and the videos still don't work, I will uninstall and will be done with facebook if this is not fixed
At first it could not refresh the news fees even with high speed internet connection. So i cleared the cache and still no luck. I uninstalled and reinstalled it, now i could not even log in. Fix it. It was working few hours ago. No problem using my facebook through web with my computer
Awesome!!!
Nyc
Its awesome

Awesome
Use very simple
Best app ever
I cannot open this application all day. Please do something
Must download

Its Ok
Its alright to keep in contact with family other than that its drama
I hate the fact 'top stories' is default. Let us choose whether we want to see 'most recent' or 'top stories' and save our choice so we're not constantly changing it again and again. If you do this. I'll give it a 5 star
Mast
Town
bad app
A lot of time new posts only show once,  then you cant find them for a while.  Why?
Now I love this new update keep on updating
Much better than Facebook mobile
Dis app totally a waste..almost everyday it gets updated for no use.. It crashes so much..  Dis is a crap
Doet       .   He Has Just. .
Why does it say this app only requires 22something mb but thats a lie. It takes up 150plus mb?
Its ok
meh its ok but lacks some of the important features.
Nice
New ui seems to work things out..
Who can live without Facebook?
Superb
I'm unable to add people as family etc due to it needed access code. Not sure exactly what that means..
Good store
Its ok
Had this problem with my old Droid x2, and have same problem with Samsung galaxy 5s. I would delete it but for the contacts. I use browser for Facebook now.
Okay
I like it
Very good
Video errors are fixed. Now deserves 5 star :)
Some issues on 4.4.2 plz fix it   I'll give 2 stars
Get some new feature
Good
I cannot watch videos on Facebook. I've tried reinstalling it but same happens. It's so annoying :/. What could be wrong?
Good app
Not working. ..Please fix as soon as possible
Facebook is so nice
Record Mic at any time and messages and take pictures at any time and location at anytime wrong
Chatting to Friends, Family's members easily .........!
Terbaik
Great
I require filter friend while searching people  by locality college workplace
Nothing to say...
Its so populer and so useful
Slow as hell, doesn't really work well over Wi-Fi.
Very nice app
Love you Facebook thanks. ^_^
I'm sure that my internet connection is well and doesn't had trouble connection. But it can't load news feed and reload my notification no matter how many time i refresh it. I can't read an important post right now just right after i updated it.
its showing invalid package file for my galaxy y that too after i download. even though playstore says it's compatible with my phone. fix it plz.

Ok
kkKkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk
Please please fix can't see any of my friends statuses
Takes up to much space that don't go to SD card
Whenever i open the app it takes 3mins to load and has an error msg force close and wait. I'll put bck 5 stars if u fix it
Really nice...
ur service is very goid
Its soooo fantastic that u can message ur pales and also gest can creat one with only a fuew questions i love my fb
empty
I have not yet got new version... but just got updated so..
This update is the worst among all. 2 stars this time
Too much and wont work properly
Is there a way to fix my Facebook app on my tablet and phone will not stay on most recent unless im in settings and that's where i have to look at it in most recent as soon as i click back it goes back to top stories i had down load a different browser that has a older version of Facebook to see it that way !!!
Ok
awesome
Need immediate upgration due to hang on playing videos
Mfayees
the app crashes a lot !!
Executive
HTC device - since video auto play any video that's opened full screen crashes the app.
App
I can chat with all friends of mine anywere it's cool
Nice
Jason
My wifi is strong and ur app said no internet connection =]] wtf is internet connection of your app :?
Getting much better in time. Don't care for messanger
ok
Grate!!!!!!!
App lot of huoman are use
Its awsum..
Facebook is very good and very percent
Great
O yeah awesome.......
Very best website for chatting with friend
Love FB much it connects us to our friends then and now
Bring back recent posts as default on news feed. HATE this newest uodate
It's pretty great. I can't find anything wrong with it. :)
Good i've know many friend from facebook
This app has too many crashes, and requires constant updates, which eats into the storage space on my phone.
Wowwwww.... its quite interesting.
Stopit
Love it
If your gonna change something it should be for more privacy like not allowing everyone to know when your online,you also should have to get permission to look at others pictures...
I agree that the FB team work helped us to connect to our friends and family. But why they think that they have right to irritate there customer with undisable upgrade message. We will update the app at our convenient. So focus to make this app more better not to being an undesirable irritating one.
can't load friend list and tag friend! this happen more than 2 month! i keep uninstall n install again but still same! this app suck!
Facebook <3
I am a moderator for a place of business and this app will not allow me to view messages to the business only comments and posts.... please fix for five stars!
Just the best Social Networking experience!
While postng it must give option in custom that entr person name who must not see this post
Its taking time for navigation please fix it so we can give more stars
It was ok so far.  But now, it's really a pain to turn off post notifications. Give me a break!
But some time it make me .crazy with this app.
I like this app. It is really usefull.
'
something like the worst app of a leading company ive ever seen. cant even retrieve notifications since weeks now, sad!
But aspecting clear notifications option..
At First i used to used to use chrome to connect to facebook, but i was unable to download any images. NOW IT IS poasible for me to download, so it's a 5 star for me ;)
Whyyy cantt updatee myyy new feeds??! I try to log out and log in agn, butt fail , cant log in agn  , fixed it !!!!
Mast

The new Facebook really bites!!! I have a bad time with it and wish they would leave it alone!!!
Good
Look good
Awesome app
Really good
Facebook
Notifications arent getting through. Friendcaster is much better and faster. Xperia X10.
Good love
..awesome.
Kty
The homepage makes me feel that my phone is so slow. It stucks there when I try to perform a long scroll.  Really disappointed to the latest update
My account having somebody's name if I'm using 'fun apps' pls fix.
I would like to have an option to where I can put in who sees a post. I don't want just friends, public, or private...  I want to be able to customize and type in names like I can on the computer.     Edit:  I've noticed on friends phones they can CUSTOM who sees their post but as of yet, I can not.
Please can you fix the privacy. I would like to have some people on my fb with out letting them see all my post. I used to be able to do that but now I can't
Won't play videos with latest update
Nosey data stealers !
Abhishek sachan
gjjn
Facebook app
Where is most recent stories ?? I dont like fb for android.
I'm satisfied
good:))
Bst app but some bugs are there
Bhusal
I'll gve u 5 star f u fixed my prob.my fb always "error loading news feed"...even though I already have prepaid load.
Good
Free Falling
So yea really people. What ia the point in an update if it dosent work!?.... I cant see any pictures on my facebook now.... I just dont understand. Please get this together.
,
A very helpful app
Facebook is awesome!!!!
Thanks
Best
Please add some more features like downloading pics and videos.
Awesome

Dick Stanley
It make me choke something,it so difficult to open the picture...i hope the publisher,fix this..Always buffer and the video button just suck .Update make it more worse.If this fix,i will rate 5 stars.
It's so awesome!!
No option for vedio dowmloading
The only improvement needed is cpu usage...
Not bad

Its slow
I will back to browser until you fix this version .. cant download videos and more annoying things the previous version is better ....
Its user friendlyapp
Facebookie lol
Its trouble some time.
Why my Facebook can't  logging in please fix it I will give you five stars
It just stops when i was workingg... it also made my phone's process very slow. I hate tis app very much.plz dont download. It is waste of time.....
Yeahhhhhhh
Nice
Good
It's nice
Laos
Pls fix video downloader
Like it
great !.......|
Facebook obviously cares more about making a profit off you than offering a social platform anymore. The app is convoluted, making it harder for the user to use, but much easier for Facebook to spam you with ads. If you have to use this app, hopefully you have root and can shut down it's data mining side with something like App Ops or other permission control app.
When we like and then went we refresh, it doesnt like at all. Plis fix it n i will give more than 1 star
Why the heck does Facebook updates always have to take up so much room? My phone only has so much room and using Facebook takes up a ton of memory too!! I'm always having to clear up memory just to use Facebook. And ditto about the most recent news! I don't care about "Top Stories". I want to read ALL my friends' updates!! Hiding the feature on mobile to the settings section is not awesome. Also, I can't wait till you guys get better photo options like G+!

I love it...
Its hangng too mch yr.. y?
I like it alot.. I just that I can't view most recent stories..everything is all mixed up together.. please do something about that! Thanks :)
Nice app
i can't download right now please download facebook into my phone i like u so that i can upload lots of pics
Nice app
why must you have to update ..soooo much??? its rediculous
Facebook
Good
I'm Loving it
Nice
Can't login
Loving app
Messenger is not responding to my needs!
Great app for communication and get connected with friends and family
Nangathan
Nice but when we can reply in comments
It's working, very nice :-) thanks :-)
Much better.

Greattt!
I loved it
Really improved.
High
I don't know how Facebook does it, but it must take extraordinary skill to take a 22mb app and make it use 200mb of resources on my phone. I can't tell you how many times I've asked for a more bloated app. Only Facebook delivers on that. Thank you Facebook!
But waste time in downloading
Its good app
boleh lahhh
Goog
Awesome app.....Love it!!!!!
Latest update has removed all pictures of linked contacts on phone. Needs to be sorted.
Its charges the very data
:(
fantastic...but its too slow to open the page and took too many large space of data oops but satisfies ...
Poor UI
Gud
It morethan useful!!!
Awesome work works fine for me
Scrolling issues at middle area of screen
The "turn off notifications" option will not turn off my notifications. Please help
Excellent
So asowme
I like

its no manage .....
@Facebook   New update is sucking.  I want it to show most recent feeds only. Always when I open the app. I don't care what ever happened two hours or two days ago.
What a app
you deserve a 5 stars , but i remind you to fixed some defectinq in this apps .
G0od job
I hate facebook. Stop helping yourself to my information and photos, stop tracking me, get out of my life.
good for life com.  nice job po
Crush all the time.. pls fix it..
Good time pass
New changes just screwing up everything.
I really love this app !!!!
Cole r ki,""
There should be option for choosing the newsfeed type...recent or topstories
Yes love fb
I can't even post a single status! Half of my news feed doesn't even show up or is disappears.
Bad
Its rocking... Facebook apps...
I love it . All it's good
Loveeeee
Why you deleted the "edit or delete options" in the comment? Sometimes i tapped the "done"  button accidentally and wanted to edit my comments but now there is no option for that which leads to missed understanding to readers! Minus three stars for that. Please fix it.
Dope
Perfect
Blah blah blah.... Facebook is Facebook.
UGHDU
Nice
There should be a 48 hr wait to block a person block should be a button simple an plain ppl switch up all the time so yea FACEBOOK ADMINISTATORS NEED TO FIX THAT ISSUE ALONG WITH THE BUGS EVEEY UPDATE WE GET
What you see is what you get.
I just hate the way the update look please let me unupdate it
Awesome
New update won't show my pictures in replys to posts. It shows that its posted but if you come out of message then back into it photo is not added :(
It uses up all my data.. notifications are never up-to-date. Please fix I'm tired of seeing the same thing over and over again.
Awsome
Parvagilla.
I love having access to FB on my phone! However,  it tends to get hung up often - even when I have 3 bars of signal power.
I like...
Good
My Facebook
It was all fine till the recent update... Now when I try to play any video it shows me the error message.. It's irritating...
I could not comment on sonething.please fixed this
Even getting better after every new update
It works very smoothly on my xperia m2... I love it
Awesom
When i have change my cover pic and put another it work, but when i rechange the cover pic to the first, it become a new pic with no like
Ii
Best aaps
Superb
No se que, pero siento que algo le falta...
Nice
Galaxy core
SUBRAMANYAM LOVE
I am fine
Cannot log in
Facebook
Raja
Awesome....
good

It will be better if we can call by mobile from Facebook.
Good app
Freezes
Dear devs, you're supposed to improve the app, not foul it up.
Fine
A multi billion dollar company whose product just gets worst with every update.  The most recent update takes up obscene amounts of space. Just plain not worth it.
The UNFOLLOW A POST OPTION DOES NOT WORK ANYMORE PLEASE FIX IT!! I HAVE TO LOG ON MY LAPTOP JUST TO UNFOLLOW A POST U GET TIRED OF GETTING NOTIFICATIONS ON THE SAME POSTED U COMMENTED ON AFTER AWHILE
It freezes and doesn't load
I hope you can have a black theme fb. Like night mode. My eyes is getting irritated  because of the white background. I hope you can have this kind of feature for me and other people who has diffuculty in seeing bright colors. Ill give 5 star if you can have update like this. Thank you
I need new and recent post not news posted a few hours to 2 days ago, and don't make me manually tap most recent on right side because i'm lazy to do it. I need new post NOW!
Hi
Big nuts love nuts
Just no.. I really liked it where my news feed displayed more recent status.. Update: WTF?... Facebook. Please, for the love of whatever God there is, Please let us transfer the app data into our SD cards! This is ridiculously to big off an app to the point where I may just have to delete the app and forget Facebook!
C
The facebook is my life
I lhhfzv yt? Dc by Sachs tc b.s.
Good
Meerab love u my sis
Best app
When I register it does work and then when its creeating my account it goes there is something wrong here try again i do and it goes vertifing and it brings there is some thing wrong here again, fix it please.
I would give it 5 stars but now that i updated it its going super slow
By
ina ziana 75
Download it
Barely got on facebook. Love it! I can now keep in touch with all my friends & family!!!
please let us move it to sd card !!
Great app
Good work
luv it
Facebook needs to allow it's users more ability to contact Facebook regarding secruity issues. I know a account that is blocked but the uses that us blocked is able to by pass Facebook and get into the blocked account using there own Facebook account. The one that is blocked.  it has been reported several times to Facebook but they turn the other check. You can also look at accounts going through Google.  This has been brought to Facebook attention also . The user needs to have more access to what is seen &
Poor
Needs the recent news feed as default i hate looking at the same things i saw last week or yesterday its frustrating. Please change this everyone wants it changed.
Its ok
Shit update bc. Error loadin videos
Happy
Love it!!:)

ok
Ktir helwe
Grt App
Would love to be able to like a page as my page versus my own profile like I can on the web version. Add that and I'll change to 5 stars.
Since newest update keeps phone hanging android 4.3 galaxy 4
Awesome
Good
good app
Hey developers out there I think you should shrink the space Facebook is consuming because many devices are lacking in space on their phone/tablets. TY.
My videos on my wall were just playing fine i did a update now it says a error occurred while loading fix this I'll give 5 stars
I keep in contact with my sisters in Washington through this app from Bakersfield CA. easily and love it.
not good ...
N.t.r
Keeps me connected to family. And still love it!
Why can't I upload anything??
Sometimes its good : sometimes no.... having a  trouble in loading ... please fix it or improve this app ; but i like it...
Can't watch videos after the new update
I
Very good I love it Facebook likers
Super
this is the good social network. we can connect and present to all friend.
I am love it
Good
Iluvit....
Li
An update every other day does not suffice the problem. Absolute crap book.
Cannot download the app with "duplicate content error". Good job
Gidlani
i can't log in to my acc. 'Sorry, unable to login to Facebook. Please check your network connection or try again later." what is this? i can login just fine on my pc. n also other apps are working fine on my s4. fix this. bad apps. also heavy on ram.
BOOOHHH!!!!!
not bad at all
Fine
.....needs some bug fixes for5*
Its s great experience
I'm a freahy
nice app
The news feed is really annoying! I see things at the beging that r from 2 days ago... Pls fix!!
Worst update
J
Mohan sv
Good
Chating
Ok
Excellent
It can't work
Exilent
Love it
Everything's ok except that i can't view even my own friends.
Love it
this app is running smooth   for me
force closed
Good
Hi facebook team...this version is awesone ..much improved then the previous versions
Excellent..........
Luv fb
Good
Yeah baby
Can't view the video in Facebook on Sony Xperia..  Darn!!!!
Need to improove
Good
Its too slow and it should have a done button after looking at photos and takes up too much memory very unhappy fix it please.
Good
Hi
Rahul jain
Very good app
Shekar nani
The mb's so large -_-
I just use it for my bingo games
Good
Wow
What use is an app if we will use the mobile version for the news feed!
This good
I love it
Last update was using lots of battery. Even when aslep the phone was warm and battery would last less than half it used to. Using developer mode tools I found there was a Facebook process always active. Uninstalled the app and problem solved, phone not warm all the time and battery duration back to normal.
Poaz
Awesome
lifetime use
Never fail
Uth naa Teri to the extent of the King of the King of the King of the King of the King of the King of the Crown Estate is a bit of a new one by
Great app! But hope, it can b move to sdcard...
Dim
I like it
Isang taon palang ako ,nasundan na ni toto ,. Grade two ,walong taon pa lang ,apat na bata ang inaalagaan ,. Grade six labing dalawa na ako kasind¨¤mi n ng pamilya ko ,sabi mo pasensya na walang pera kaya mag drop out ka..,.,. Ina ko bat sabi mo kami mahal mo wari ko bat di kayo nagplano , sana hindi gutom at nagaaral pa , alaga at malusog ang buong pamilya !!! @#$%&*
Changes every time I use it but love the info.
Niceeee
tu pea ha na ji jut boiya na ji
Facebook
Asome to used
Cool
Takng toooo mch spce ,my ram is ful so i cnt dwnload any othr app ,not happy abt it
Thanks for all your help
235689r
Fb rocks
Servers are slow
would appreciate to have desktop mode and recent posts. i dont want to go to chrome and than open facebook just to get the desktop mode
K, frequent updates are fine.. Need to put share button,,, I wud like to share the pic rather than uploading to my mobile album..
I like the new updates
Has a little bit issues. Keep on improving and the app should be fine
The application runs fairly smoothly. However, I would like to be able to toggle whether or not my friends can send me game requests. Fb games blow, period. I'd also like my news feed to show newest posts first, not the 'popular' posts first. Other than those two issues, it's an ok application.
I wish https: method is enhanced to ensure the privacy of a layman like me.
Now I like it

Stopped on tagging whit the phone
You  are able to write what you need to say then talking on the phone
Remain it.... realy
Would be nice to have the option to set the news feed to show recent by default. I don't care about "top stories"... these are post I've already seen the day before.
Hehehehe
Work smooth and super fast...
The new layout is absolutely awesome i realy love it but it crashes every 30 seconds and every single time i open any group or page fix and i'll give it 5 stars
Great update :)
Keeps not responding.
As long as it's free&you don't want to draw over my SDcard.Don't get me wrong,I like New options,but fear,there may be hidden fee's.I should laugh at.
vry fun !
Sometime photo not save !! Please fix it !!

Slow
I like this app....before i used to fb from opera mini and Uc i always had hard time of uploading photos ...but by this...it is very easy... even though i can't download the photos...if they make possible to download it will be more good.....
Nice
Very good
Please fix the privacy settings! Tnx.
Life has become so easier..
Its interface has been better now but be more better to use and to chat with friends also the privacy setting are good now
Please bring the Stop Notifications feature back. It was only available temporarily and now it's gone. I'd really like that feature back please. Also, this app is way too big. Can the next update not take up space much space? Thanks.
I love it but when I send messages it goes to slow can u plz fix it
Why would Facebook need all our info for ?? That's confidential. Is Facebook part of the government now ??
It's ok
When I open a video it plays the sound but not the video.
Nice
Easy to use and its awesome
Please save option in sd card
What is happening with Facebook? ??? Still slow and picks and chooses my news feed....bs
Secretly I'm glad, generally i hate the new updates anyway!
Want more. Faster and smoother
Swag is good
yes
Consumes my ram faster , please lessen the memory usage of this app. Unlike the previous updates, thats better. But this new updates, it really really drained my RAM so fast. So 3star for now.
Family come 1fest
It is good
Good
Now I don't have to go on the internet to go on Facebook
Good..!
Love it
Likeeeeeee
Finally an update to allow one to delete tags they made - usually by accident because it is so stupid.  Wouldn't you think that would have been provided when tags were developed?   Children writing software!
Good
Halipa40
Nice app, no need to open Facebook on laptop when this app is present
Good to use
Tebaik
All is great except it will not allow me to upload videos any more. Fix it please!
My choice of update
Sardar Abdul Rauf khan
Im loving it...
Aplikasi bagus sekali
many mentioned basic things not there. cant transfer to SD card... huge updates choke internal space
Gud
Immer noch besser
It will be better if we have open forums
Keep crashing
This app covers all the site functions well
There no option for copy paste. Kindly fix it.
Love khmer
Loved it
Not a bad app... just has trouble loading the one thing you're trying to view.
excellent
Because you can't delete or edit your own comments like the old version
Good paformance
Very speed

No choice,all people have this so why not me also ryt
Awesome app <3
Nice!
It has room for improvement, but it gets the job done.
the first app of Facebook was the best
love it
Good
Nice i like it
Ghatiya
I can't install the update. It says that I don't have enough storage space. I uninstalled the app. I tried to install it again. But now there's another error...
Good
Advanced app.
I love ittt
Vg
I love this
Now better than older version
Great App but adjustments could be made. Would be great it Facebook made it possible to search your posts in groups.
So far so good
Facebook is an awesome app especially if you want to get paid to promote and share your experiences. If you want more info friend request me Travis Kirkem!!
Very good
Very good. And use it aloat of
Nice app
Need to fix it
Meet all old friends
Connects people at go! Works well in note2
I hope the post privacy setting can change to custom like PC version...I wanted to hide some ppl
Nice n fast..
Awesome
Super tare
Cool
Yeah good delicious...
hakolaaaa
Old fb...not change....
Facebook
Overall I like it..
Work is slow
Owsom
KHANPUR
Very very good
Full service connecting,  connecting, connecting. .. WONT CONNECT
Why now cannot move to sd card?!!!
Nooo
Nice app. It's a nice way to keep in touch with family and friends. But; it's now saturated with a lot of ads.
Dont speek and write a lie.
About time the "search" in messages feature comes.
Tapi Kuat makan data
The update made the app worthless since it now show nothing and then the screen turns black.
This app is so helpfull because I was chatting free with my mother because she is in Dubai
Really good helps you stay in touch with family and friends
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>                      android:layout_width="wrap_content"         android:layout_height="wrap_content"               android:layout_width="wrap_content"         android:layout_height="wrap_content"         android:text="OK" />
Love it
Its good
I love facebook
I can't recieve my news feed on time of their post
Application
Loved it
It is bad  but i have to use
Most recent should be standard. "Top stories" is absolutely stupid. Also, it keeps telling me to update the app, but there's no update to be made.
Very nice
Fb
One star until we get the option to move to sd card. My phone is constantly warning me I'm running out of space and it's solely because of half a dozen apps like this one that refuse to offer this option. It's so frustrating!!
Ever looked the permissions this stupid app needs?? Why do you guys so much permissions anyway? Plus the ridiculous usage of RAM and battery life....
Older version  and very slow

Facebook
Greattttt
why i cant`n play the video
Love it because you can keep up with family and friends.
Samsung Galaxy Note 3
Consume around 80mb of ram, not suitable for phone that comes with 512mb of ram.fix that and this app would be a great app
Super app
White screen only after update. Kind of a not so update if the update is worse.
Very nice one app
It is a great software...
Just awasam
5 stelle quando migliorer¨¤ ancora
5017
Very slow after the last update :( Big company failed to create a simple easy app.
"Simple to use ".
Crazy
Nice
Happy
Puttlam
U
I can't receive notifications anymore. It's a month now. Please do something
Its happy moment
Ok neu mak goi dt dx thj con ok hon nua
I
Cooll
Like...not a fan of messenger app
Hate that you have to have two apps downloaded to message people and checking statises
Liked it very much
Some thing
Is nice
It is nice to meet frds on so many yrs ago
Intrest
God bless you
No problems with this app on this phone. So Far....
Ayaw gumana ng msg d mapindot
Would give it 5 stars,  but I have to constantly uninstall some of my apps because I can't move facebook to my sd card and takes up all my space. FIX IT PLEASE!!
Facebook
I love it
Rojellesantos
I love this app
Won't download to my phone what's the point of having this I have a galaxy s3
Perfect
my profile picture
I love FB! Its cool.
Very slow looks are even worst. Need to be more creative like apple
Bagoz
Loved it
its so useful
Facebook is facebook. It wants to pick and choose when to apply the update to the app
Don't like any update for this app for more than 1 year any update make it slower and more hard to use
IT Says Error Downloading Code r6648 What is This ??? Plz Help Me
My news feed always shows older stories from the same few people. I have over 300 friends. Do y'all pick who we follow because I definitely didn't choose to follow those certain people.
Galaxy S2
J
AsnBans
Super
Not bad
Unable to install Please solve this!!
Though from to time theres an updates!
It is OK
love love 100%love thiz app
World powerful
Goooooooooooood
Awsm
2 stars max
Cool
All my friends in my pocket... ;)
Better ...
Ewan nlang
This app has wreaked havoc on my phone! Freezing, lagging, missed calls and caused confusion and hurt feelings because of the missed  calls. Its CRAP! Fix it I've only been complaining for months!! Since the uninstall my phone works like NEW. So it is this app. I'll use my browser for facebook.
Its very good
Nice
To see who are in online
Love it
almost easy & awesome...
The application closes when I watch a full video. I need to press back before the video ends to prevent the app from closing
This aap is very easily connect to friends and chat very somuthly
I just erased old one now i cant install new one say's no any space on sd card
Facebook

Verry good more 5star facebook
Scrolling down doesn't work, have to scroll up first before you can scroll down. Also, any links you click show a warning that the website might be dangerous. You have to click OK on that page before you can go through. Very stupid and time-consuming.
Its fine nothing bad happens
Nice app
Facebook is too awsome.
Working all , but slow..Best social media is facebook. Why it making worst apk ???????????

Everytime we watch a video it always stop and say some error....  I can't watch videos!!!!!!!!!
Lack of privacy options._
Nice bt every 15day update!!!!! Update and update fuck
ok
It excellent n fantastic.
Chat
Hehehehehehehehe
Awesome social media app
hurrrayyyyyy!!!
App keeps crashing..  None of the updates have fixed it yet.
Love it
Dd scoff dr. Tk d d
Really good
Live in mandaluyong city
I dont want top stories in my news feed!!!!!!!!! I only want most recent news!!!! Who the hell want to see news that was 7 days old?!?!
Awesome app....but some times it's run slow. ....
Help me
Do smthng to move this app to sd card... plz fix it man,nt enough space...
What's wrong with this app..... DENIAL OF ADDING FRIENDS! WHY CANT I ADD ANYMORE FRIENDS?!?! I LIKE THE OLD UPDATE BETTER!
5 stars for your new update.. notification widget on the screen
Real good.......
Much better on the GS4
The apps is running slow
Missing some features but its a good app overall
Best
Good few security issues I don't agree with but seriously never harmed me just remember to go into settings and change your privacy and sharing options
Error loading feed, error loading timeline, error loading, error Error ERror ERRor ERROr ERROR
General location no longer showing up in the status with the new version 11.0.0.11.23 , wish of you fix it.. ex. (Near"location")
Scrolling now sometimes doesn't work for several seconds. Generally unresponsive
Khmer Lovekh
It's good...
I don't know about this
Notification panel has got bugs
Simply waste of time
Tvs
Facebook doesn't start after the latest update!!!
WORKS
its a nice experience and very intuitive.Its fluid but some times crashes!
Can't download any videos.
So fast
Poor privacy, performance on S4 below expected
I have liked this app since the first time I downloaded it.
I like it
It's cool but it puts you through to much.
Marthaa
What's with all the permissions!?
Its very nice in every way !
Better to ok meet all friend by facebook
Like turtle
Just amazing
Really disappointed that .GIF moving pictures are not supported!
Facebook is Awesome
Facebook
Everything is good except the thing that it require excellent internet connection,  Can't run properly when using data connection .
awesome
CHAN
Please do fix the facebook app 'cause it cannot display images in a short time and it keeps on not responding everytime i open it.
Hot
Better than ever. Don't know why people are complaining.
Very good app.  Easy to use.
You made a good thing now worthless. Can't have most recent when you open the app? And I tried NOT updating only to have it forced on me today. Bad call. Just going to push me further towards Google plus.
Good
Great on the Samsung, sucked on the Kyocera
Why would I want spies viewing my page screenshotting everything off my page,  it sucks majorly 
Love it!
Good
Needs photo commenting. Also when scrolling through the news feed, the tool bar with tabs for messages, notifications, news feed, etc should automatically hide themselves for more screen space(on phones at least).
Since update pictures are shown really huge and once clicked on it they go to normal size!  This is annoying.  Also please add in that you can check all messages including other folder from mobile app!
I hate it! It swallows my phone memory!  Its always forced closed! It can't be moved to the SD card!! What can I do for it other than unimstalling it! :(
Awesome app
Mediocre
How do I uninstall updates???
BT not work properly
Excellent
Ok
Very. Nice
It is worst it not downloading and not been used...
Chilllll
It's better if there's a top commen or recent comment option.
We should be able to block all these game invites from thr app. Do not like the page and friend suggestions in the middle of my news feed. And I don't like every time I get on having to hit most recent to not see posts from 2 days ago!
Become better day by day WELL GOING TEAM
Ok
Sweet
Awesome
Too slow with my Sony Ericsson E15i
Cooooooooool.........
Go on
Every time I try to log in or even just turning this app on it laggs my phone I'm giving 3 $tars
Oke
As xperia z2 users are all complaining..  Fix this video error issue.
I am enjoying it
Can not access fb from phone since last update.
Lovely and nice
5 rate for facebook its the best
So far the app has been working better.
When I try to login it's showing error.
Face ook
Sujit
A Way To stay In Touch With Family......
Slow
Very large size
I love it because i can like wether if its online
Very good for keeping in touch and organizing things.
Fast and speed
Please fix this! It takes a long time for me to reply my messages because, your messenger says, WAITING FOR NETWORK! PLEASE FIX!
Bhoom
Now it works fine.
Thanks for making it light :)
I hope it'll  work good but still scared of the reviews PLEASE DON'T BE A VIRUS !!!
I like this ... Its creative ...n funnn
Don't blocked me for aiding suggestions given by Facebook for this I am giving ZERO Rating
I love it but it taks many memory
This app has so many bugs. You can only see the most recent stores by selecting this far left. After you like a post you go back later the like is no longer there. Stories feeds are all over the place and in no order.
Not only is the new facebook slower, but the new user interface is retarded. It's way too complex and choppy for an app. No more ease of slide menus.. It's ugly as well. I wish I never hit the update button. F*ck. Just f#ck.
Superb apps.... if used for good works....
cool app loved it
Awesome
Should  make it lite for data savings
Love
My phone dont have enough storage because of this app. Pls fix this.
Azam
AC Plus INC
superfine
Haven't had any problems with it apart from the video player, every time I tap screen to view search bar it pauses the video...please fix that
Because the news feed is fast loading all the way it is fast
Bay
Slow, Unstable and just a .apk rehash of the mobile website. Not impressed or pleased.
nice
Nice
Privacy not good
Love it
This is awesome
When I try to open Facebook on my phone it repeatedly shuts my Facebook down before I can look at anything. I had no problems until the last two updates.


Facebook in social media is very nice.
I love having Facebook, however lately I'm not receiving all my notifications
Buffering problum
Not good at free call but good website for messanger
appreciable
Gud
Crashes
Nice
Good
Excellent
Very nice
Nothing
Awesome. Easy communication with my friends and family.
The update is great! Easy to use and no problems at all. Except all information shared with NSA.
Each time I tap a link and browser opens, when I come back the news feed rolls back to the initial place. Totally irritating to scroll through the same post again and again.
good application
Old one was better.title bar containing status & all down the window.& change in color that is dark than earlier.i fdont like
Hate top stories
Eresw
Still poor the facebook in browser is much faster than the facebook apps on android lol... fix it bec I cnt see all the pictures on my timeline...
It works good!!!!!!!
David Sutty Sutcliffe
:)
It got slower, laggy and less responsive. Not sure if you can list these in the change log as "improvements"
I dont like it at all When i open its always lag. Idk maybe its the connection  or something..plx fix it
Such a poor app...disappointment again turn off notification not working
It consumed much space . please allow this app to transfer some of its memory in sd card .
This app has been fixed! Thanks!
No problems with it whatsoever
dhanamuthu
I loves facebook so much. I always play it everyday.
Awesome
Best for smart phone .
Because is great & baeutiful please like freinds
Jaga
To know us
But unable to notice any difference
New update sucks i want to uninstal it
nice
Video not downloading
;)
Great
Good
It was going all good until they dint come up updates every now n then. Keep flashing for new message evertym I open FB, bt nothin new. Turning off the notification for any story doesn't work..utterly nonsense
Full Time pass
Excellent
:)
Nice but it connects not facebook fast... Anyways nice app .....
Update your Facebook today.
Good job
I give it a two coz its HANGING A LOT when I upload a photo and crashes! Then I upload again then it hangs up !  Fix !!
Sonu singh rajput
Very useful for me
-.-

Reduceses the distance between the friends & strengthens the bond of friendship
Facebook Good
Drmikhan
This is average app after latest update. It drains battery and uses lot of RAM. I uninstalled it from my phone. Please come up with lite and better app. This app should be stripped of "Top Developer" tittle. It is bizarre. Do FB app developers know what a lite and fast running app means?
I just wish there should be more advance features so we can enjoy being in facebook
Goog
Thanks
new version was really sensitive.. i cant scroll down it always appear comments!!!!
Seriously! WTF? Where is it??
Best!!
Super
I like it, it works! :)
I love it
Can't create custom list in my posts ,there is no privacy !!!! Fix it please
/wrist
Allow us to make our chat status offline. Even ¨¢fter making chat off it shows me online
Very good!
Super
VERY.GOOD
Very nice
Its okay i guess
I hope that this app will be more interesting and i hope that every update will satisfy the users
Fukkin awsome
Need improve
I liked it
Lol
sweety
Good.
Awesome
Love it by sahil qayoom bhat
da more i upgrade da shity it becomes...it doesnt even deserve dat 1star.and its so expensive to upgrade
Nice
The previous version was better than after I update. I can't choose my news feed to most recent and it is in top stories and fixed.how come I can't choose what I want! Useless update! I thought upgrade is something that to be better and easier not to something worst than previous! PLEASE FIX IT!!!!
In mobile do Not able to save Facebook videos
please please please....bring back recent post as default its everybody's request..
Nice app

Not sing in or long in why
good
Still it need to make some privacy strong
Videos do not work when I am not connected to my wifi. Please fix, I've had this problem for a while now.
Almost 82 MB of the size occupied on my Internal Memory after i updated my app . Will you mind to fix this pls :(
Hi
'Hi. I am having a problem with my Facebook app. Whenever I try to take a picture using the photo function, the app crashes and my phone restarts. My phone is 'Konka V976'. Please solve this bug in your next update'
I like to play this...
Its about time they made it so you can see your other folder when you have a message from someone who isnt your friend . Its really annoying when you are selling something on one of the sites and someone has messaged you but you don't know about it :(
Sharma
Since updating I can no longer watch movies. Fix it please Mr Zuckerberg
Exellent
Why does the update rquire access to phone features? And why does this take soooo much resources of my poor device?
Clerk
Simply superb
I would give it 5 stars but there is some problem in that just not fix yet
Nice really i liked it and working grt
its so easy to find my friends and i can download fast the picture here.. :)
Freezes, does not do stuff, is improving with updates, let's see how the latest of July 22 2014 is
Great
This is good app. but it does show video album and we cant copy any text shared by others. Please fix this issue as well. Thank
NYC I LIKE
rahul nahata
Fix back the photo comment option in comment box in current update of android fb version thnx
Thank
G¨¹zel
App
It takes a lot of time to open the page.
I'll give 4 star because of some disadvantages. ...but overall it's a good software. ..
Fuck Facebook
For a new  version
Too many ways of using positively or negatively but in short u have frnds only on Fb but in real u r going to be alone day by day
Exlent
Like
Liked it
Love it
Teems good bargain
Neha
It dose not play any video
Lyk it re!!!
It really still uses a lot of memory and we want the most recent back

I  love my. Brother joseph
ummmm instagram is awesome if u have it follow me _duncxn_
Happy frd ship
It's 4 star
Good....
Miles ahead of any rival social media
No bugs , works perfectly on my Note 3 .
Try it u'll like it.!!!
Can't get on it from my note 3
Lately causes lots of bugs and "errors".
Satyanarayan
One simple fix let me put this app on my sd card and ill be happy
Facebook
:)
Unable to play video
I Love using Facebook
Great app
Excellent
I like this app
Pooorrrr
it become faster on 3G now!!good job facebook team!!
It would be wonderful if the messages notification automatically disapeare if it has been opened from facebook messenger
So great fb page i love all aplications
Wonderful appp
Nice but it should have themes in it
Some times hangs
Nyc! Excellent
(y)
Like it
Please try to make most recent stories by default...
There is no nearby frnd option in this update.. :-(
Good app
Gud ....
Constant updates!
This application very good
What happened. After the last 2 updates it became too slow
I always loved facebook
Help keep connected with love one any were in the word
It used to make a newly relation ship and make unknow things as known one
Everytime Facebook up dates me I lose my friends on Facebook. Please fix it. No happy.
Lulz k
My Facebook will not update
THis peogr is;bat and not funny
N1
Wow
Its too slow didnt showing the latest news feed
Jfkd
Downlod
work well.
The timeline still only shows what Facebook thinks are "top stories"! I don't care what you think are top stories, I have my own mind, stop controlling what we see and give us back the latest stories
This is the worst app ever update every couple of weeks and u never get it right, updated again and I am seeing post from 20hrs ago I want to see resent updates in my newsfeed another 22mb wasted on a useless update
Good
Why I can't open
It  will not load first time or  second that's why it only gets two stars.
Kk
V good
Great app.
This is awesome features and is like this.
Nisss...
nice
Shijumon kunjumon
Bekaar
Great app
Awesome loved it
It okay for a Facebook app:-)
Liked it
Its ridiculous.i cant move this app to my sd card so that i can update it now..please fix this problem. If you do then ill give it a 5 stars for yah. Tnx.
Great but very slow
Umaaaaah
TAyba
Simple & quick
l dldldnerdldldnerddxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxfrrxxxxxxf ff fffffrfffffffffffffffrfffefffffffffffffffffffffffffffefaca.e c
Cant move to sdcard,i dont gave enough storage
cekpik
Very bad not working
i think its not okay because i can't see whose online in  my friends!! please fix this problem!!! :(....
Small
Need more improvement... give a functionality of move to sd card.. and improve privacy.
nganung mo diritso man siya ug Home screen? galagot ko... maka Bad trip...
Kkkkkkkk
I swear to god, if this comes up another time I'm going to break my phone. It's impossible to watch the full length of a video on an Xperia Z2 because it always get a goddamn error, fix this stupid issue for crying out loud
Despite of havin fast Internet the loading is really slow..
Awesome
Facebook has united this world more than anyone one has ever anticipated...
Its good for posting things about games. But it gets stuck on 93¨G for a long time on my tablet 2
Best social networking site
goooooooood
Its ok but sometimes slow
We cant copy the txt from news feed. ...
Fine
Facebook
Its a best way to connect many friends at a time. ...
Good
Audio kkatiwada

Mere liye dua karo grammy le aunga
New UI STILL SUCKS
Keeps saying my comments and inboxes fail and they aren't failing and now it won't update????
Great
Can't watch a video more than 20 seconds without buffering. Am using 3.2 mbps idea 3G connection its also buffering while i am connecting to a mts 3g dongle having a speed of upto 9.2 mbbs please do needful thank you.
it's fun and amazing
Nice apps
It is
The best social network
Soni
Probably the worst one yet. Notifications don't load most of the time meaning a force stop. Another update and still no option to make most recent the default setting? I don't want posts from days ago. Edited for most recent update.
I cery like this
Its having too much memory Its not bearable Plz reduce its memory 22MB cannot get downloaded
Rushikesh
Good
with this latest update. I absolutely HATE not being able to set Most Recent as my default news feed! This sucks! This could be just the boost Google+ needs.
A good app to kill your time
Its awesom for lg optius f160
Hopeless again....have to like posts over and over again...it automatically gets unliked again.. :-(
Nice
good
I CANT PLAY ANY VIDEO!!AND IT CRASHES ALL THE TIME!!
Ive tried refreshing my phone. Turning it on and off. Clearing caches, cookies, etc...EVERYTHING. how annoying.
face boOk
Great app
good
Great
Super app
Don't save the images
5 stelle quando migliorer¨¤ ancora
Want recent setting as default
Before the update, wherever I scroll down, the Facebook will scroll too. Now I scrolling down, but Facebook wouldn't respond
I love it
It takes a lot of space storage in my phone
3 stars enough because there are no much function like in the web
Please tell us why this is not move to sd card
awesome application
Always issues
Ossam fun
Cannot save my photos from msg.
not too bad bt ok
High
For me excellent
Tried updating several times now both on normal local storage and on the SD card. Useless.
The app opens for a maximum of about 3 seconds. It has failed to work at all since the most recent update.
Ok
Mast app h but we cannot select text and make copy of that
Chatbox takes a lot of time to load even on 10mbps connection.The last active indicator should be more accurate if someone was online 1 hour 59 minutes ago it shows last active 1 hour ago instead showing last active 1hr59m ago it should show the acurate time.Copy link option for photos,videos,profiles and status updates is still missing.  Hope to see this features in next update.
So cool xD
It used to have around 10MB data once the app was opened for the first time. Now it has 25MB and the data is stored into the phone's internal memory. Because of this, my memory is always full and I need to "Clear data" every time I want to receive messages or use other applications. Why does it store this much data and can't it be moved to SD card?
Looks OK.
Keep it up guys, but one thing though why do I keep getting every bodies post and you should have the opportunity to move to the SD card. Please way to much memory taken.
Since update video player constantly crashes, very clunky in general
Slow downloading
I am use this apps this apps is very fast and very smart photo uploading is very fast i like this apps
IPhone5
V.fast..
Very good
Nice apps
My favorit app 
That good good mothan enethng
Cant chose weather you want your more recent news feed or most common news feeds is set to most common constantly so im seeing statuses from 2 days ago that I haven't seen its absolutely stupid worst update ever!!!! Fix it
The best app I have ever used
Thanks for fixing it :))
Very niceee
I loved it so much
Its very nice in every way !
Not bad
Excellent
Its to big my phone gives me problems because of this app
Its vry good
Very fun
Best app
It's take to much time to download
can't read the most recent feeds. only the top news which usually are 2 or 3 days old.
Sometimes greedy on battery
GooD
Thank you very,  very much!!!!!!
So good
i uninstall it first, because if i directly update the app, it will consumes a lot of space.. then after i downloaded it, the facebook app wont work to this phone, pls uninstall it and re-install it from google play... how can i view my account using an android phone? pls fix this one.. if there is a negative star, i will give it to you
It is a good application but It does not have copy, paste feature....
Is nyc
Awesome
Verry nice.....
latest update keeps crashing would give zero stars if possible
$$$$
app log out by itself
Number one
Great App
O
not syn by date post , sometime not showig update info ¡­
Sometimes facebook will be not response fixed it then i will give u five stars
Latest update is really very excellent
Cool
Can You Please Fix It!! And I'll Give You 5 Stars
FB, you lost 2 stars for crashing all the time since your update.
Nyc 1
Good
Rethna M
Decent app
this is very good app Facebook my heart
Luv et ;)
WTF? I barely get the alert that Facebook needs to be updated when suddenly, it starts lagging and then the app closes on its own. (I don't know about anyone else, but this happens every time the app needs to update) Then once I update, I'm unable to view ANY videos. Even ones shared from YouTube. Get your act together people!!
Love
Facebook is a good source of communication
Rajendra
Sntta
nice service
Iike
Sexy aaps i m luving it.....
Everytime I scroll down,it just post the same images fix it please.
Best
Not big improvement
Can't use messenger yyyyyy
It's OK but don't like video crash all the time .
niceee
Occupy too much Ram
It is a good app.. but I can't copy the text..
That you can apply video call on facebook
And now we can't even see our messages without downloading and separate app? It's like you're going backwards.
Takes too much of phone memory
It's Facebook. Oh well.
V. GooD
I don't like the permissions required by this app. There's no need for you to access my emails, messages or contacts is there? Its an invasion of privacy. I'll just stick to the web version, thanks.
PLEASE MAKE MOST RECENT DEFAULT AGAIN!  Having to go through multiple steps for something that was a default is RIDICULOUS! So far that's seems to be almost everyone's consensus and you STILL DON'T LISTEN/ HAVEN'T DONE IT. poor Customer Service skills.
Good app but sometime its not work but i like this app
Easy & awesome.
Facebook should add a image quality option in this app to reduce data usage and enable faster browsing.
Nice
Been good..always uninstall then reinstall, better than update
Waha!
i can chat my friend and play games in online
Iloveit
Rocky Karhana
Really it's very good to find out our old friends on fb
Plz get the video calling from fb android
There have voice call on Facebook application but now there should also have be video 
I loked it very much
Just awsm...!!!
Package file is invalid
Every thing is gud except that u must add a new feature...kind off somthing like a person is online for how much time till now...that would be just great.!!
Best facebook
I do like the new design . and its definitely reliable . and quick . just wish android can view videos through mobile albums
I always Use this
Love to all
Unable to Play Video .... On Page (FB Wall) Itself... Whenever trying to do so, Application Crashes....
What's wrong with this app? Whenever I log out fb , next time it doesn't work.I don't know what password it want to log in.I reset again and again but still facing problem. Same password is running in my pc. I can't save my pix that I uploaded. Another problem is that there is security issue.please fix these problems, otherwise its good.
Parthobishwas
Kaim
I like it
Ananda Annapurna
Best
Very helpful :-)
Apart from the delay in news feed updating,i think it's cool. I love the app and it keeps making my day.
mcm haram...
Excellent
Please fix it. It crashes frequently.
Ftt
No dramas at the moment. Fingers crossed it stays that way!
It says you can save to the sd card but you can't. -___-  I have to delete and re-install every update.
Fix video playback please on Xperia z
It's ok
Good
Its toooo much large ...takes toooo much space ....Now. also. Showing attitude....It would be. Better if uninstall or updates..
Boring app
Nice
Cooolll app
not working at my galaxy w need to improve it...for closed
Nice app
Loved it
Better but not good
Good good good good goood good good good good good good good it's all about verry good
Excellent
Very nice update
Gooo yaar
Better and faster UI update needed
getting better
Amazing.
On startup on my fonepad 7 me175cg
Love it
It's good....but the speed is a matter of concern....
Gud
Ok
Loved it
I love this app....;)
I love this
Pls update fb app
Yoyo
Excellent
Supper
Timed out
Most idiotic social network site ever
So good
Very good app

Good bt not bad
I love it
I don't know how should I explain this, let me say that: After I click on (Read More..)link in a post on someone's page, and I read it to the end, and then click back button, I find my self back to the top of that user's page, not on the post where I click (Read more) link. And that is annoying, because to complete browsing the page, I have to scroll down to where that post is. Please make me back to the head of post when I click back button after I finish reading it.. Thanks :)
Gud one
This is so dumm please it donts work hmu
Love the new UI smooth and fast. Very nice :D
wonderful perfect
Lovely nas for
Nice
Don't scroll down
This new update version has new features (example: add photo in comment which not available in previous version) but slower than previous app for scrolling up and down. Improvement for connection and performance. Good job, dev! Keep it up. ¥Ä
Time wastage
Every video I try and watch crashes. No explanation option to report.   No recent post filter and takes up way too much memory.  Needs sorted or I will have to uninstall
Please can you have it so news feed is always recent posts not yesterday, day before or last week
Excellent work
I am zimmy
good one
Gooooooooooood
Too good
loved it <3
Is good the app and I like it.. But I don't have enough memory on my phone and I really would like to move this app to my SD card because sometimes makes my phone very slow.
Horifying!!#
Pls fix it..got an update twice..today..
i click the app says facebook then quickly closes
It is very good app.
How about letting the user determine how they want their news feed to appear. Also, how dare you change up my emoji with your generic crap?! Then not use some of them at all! Not user friendly at all.
Rock
Just great,
:)
Hello
Nice app
What about copy and paste :/
Working well, smoothly. Could do with the choice of looking at most recent or most relevant news feeds like the old app.
the app is ok, better than it used to be.. but, especially considering the messenger part is separate now, why is it still so so huge... It is the biggest app on my phone....
Nice
Everyone has to be try
I love this
V
Hii its now better than last version and work fast
It always says to get the faster updated version. So i click it and it never works and it askes it over and over
Only 3 stars now
Hj
Kabixah eeh
Latest update has totally broken the app on my SGS3
No notifications! Fix it man!
Muruganantham
Not working
Something good
Could not connect post of friends to Instagram on the update
Nice
Cool
Its has gotten better over time and needa bug fixes
Nice!!!!!!
Love
It has so issues .its slow
Bad bad
Great
It feels awesome to get back the speed that i wanted from fb.nice work by facebook
Pictures does not appear
Could not connect post to Instagram on the update
Another update fail. Now my videos will not load. Scrolling is slow. Over it!
very very slow...
F-ing auwsume! F is for Facebook! Yay!
Facebook rulz!
great
Loved it..........
Bcoz i find new gf  on it
All information getting here and all world connected here
How can a Newser post from 2 days ago with 2 likes be at the top of my news feed and a friends post from 3 hours ago with 17 likes and 19 comments be found 6 plus pages of scrolling later?  And to top it off I have no way of selecting most recent as the preferred or even situational option.  Uninstalling and finding an older version to install.  I'd rather be bothered to upgrade every time I login than to see days old posts that are completely irrelevant to me.
Hi
Its so nice. Its work fast. I love it.. ...its really awesome.. so i give 5 star
One problem sync photos can't be downloaded

Easy to download and easy to use...
Not smooth, way too slow. Can't install new update, it says that insufficient storage availible even the download is completed and installed on sd card free space 2gb!
Better thought
Lov ds
Hapi
When I delete a pic, that means I completely want to remove it from facebook. It doesn't mean it becomes invisible for me but still is stored in your official browser
My sd card is almost empty and say's no any space on sd card
Great
Very good
Can't check in anymore, probably since last update because it used to work fine before.
I love to face book
The latest update has ruined this app.. I had given no notifications but still I am getting notifications why is that?? Please fix this or I will uninstall :-(
But it take to much space on my internal storage. I just want can u make it in SD card
Keeps all friends together
I like this app alright.  I use it a lot thanks to the ease it provides to keep myself up to date with my Facebook profile while on the move. Just a small concern, Why does Facebook think its important for me to be notified if someone else has commented on one of my friend's status I've commented on, unless I'm being tagged on it personally!? I sometimes find it annoying! But any logical explanation good enough to convince me shall be appreciated!
There's no option where you can upload pictures into a new album for groups, and the like... :(
Share link
Scroll doesn't work good!
No problems works perfected fine and 10 other million ppl have the same feelings I have for these updates that just get better and better
I can be on fb on the go!
Wont even download
Pandey
It's awesome app but it occupie more than 100Mb internal space i can't move it to sd card please reduce it' size and make it movable.....
Consume too much phone memory. Should have sd card option
Good
Excellent
Not that impressive
ABHIJEET
This is brilliant apps. We always be touch with our friends.We can upload our photos,videos.One thing i want to request.Please don't allow to upload rough videos and photos.
Awsome thanks for making it you should add face time to it
Everytime I link my instagram and fousquare with facebook it redirected me to page where I should type my facebook log in. But when I try to, it doesnt show any keyboard.. thereforw it wont let me. I dont think it is instagram or foursquare's error because it only happens when i link them with my facebook account. Linking them with twitter shows no problem. Please help..
Good
Hey fix that most recent coming up in settings and it wanted to be in news feed so fix it as fast as u can
I hate that the app tends to take up too much data. It updates too frequently.
Like
Ok sa olryt :)
FACEBOOK IS THE BEST THING THATS HAPPENING.
This is a greAt app for surfing Facebook in ur palm.
Good
I can't open a video without downloading it to my memory card first. What's up with that??? Please fix!!!!!!
Hi
after the recent update, can't post status, share, etc.. tried to reinstall but still not working.
Okay
Good app, I use it alot. I would like to be able to tag people from the phone that have 3 letters or less in their name from my phone though :-)
Not bad
nice one
I am unable to log in my Facebook I do not.  Wish to Change my Password every time I want to Log in
Love it
Exellent
Great
Nice
Ok
New update seems to have solved the previous issues! Thanks :)
Won't update until problems are resolved. I'm one that reads reviews. Read, think & listen to customers!
Some batter
Good app but try to add more features as on pc version.
Almost well
If you understand your Device or let me say Phone. .then you will understand and enjoy every App you download. . Including Social networks such as Facebook, twitter ,mxit,  whatsApp etc.. Thankz
Good app lol
Excellently and
You saved the app good work
Ya Ya
Always in error
notification still jump out after i select  "turn off notification"
Facebook is amazing I recamend everyone downloading this!!!
Wtf
Fine
Good
Since they changed the way that the news feed appears i don't really like it. I prefer to have the most recent feed, not the top stories. And when i go to my most recent feed, it only has a few things on it when i know there should be loads
Nice
Good
B
Slightly improving one update at a time  However, I can't permanently change my news feed to show the Most Recent instead of Top Stories.
Application
nice app
Good
mushtaq
Still too much junk. Need to be able to remove stuff like games and opt out of stuff you don't want.
Love this version of fb!
Lovely
Very Nice
Very good app
Good
But slow network
Its so good ... :D :D :D
It's great to meet new people and share pics/videos love it
Its wonderful when you r free.
Great app
Gud
Not so good when I like any post after some time that is not liked what is this
bc.....loot mcha rkhi h
ring back old version or fix.  videos don't play on my M8
Better
Great
It need to fix copy option and also in galaxy y it eats almost  45mb . Should b fixed soon
Awesome
Very good
It keeps you connected wherever you live, whenever you go.. you're always there.
Wtf . Can't partition to SD card . >.<
I love it
Facebook
Nice to contacting people
Best thing in the world
Very good
Got to Love It:-)
Very slow app
Best social network ever
It's good
It hangs when i want to log in and it's dann slow. Plus, when I'm scrolling my page, some other post is there and just scroll on its own... plz fix...
Nyamenna tawwa maccule facebook, nappa siruntu maneng tau'e.mappamula ri sabang lattu merauke.
Nepal
Love
This is the worst app in my phone. There's no excuse for a major player like FB to have such a buggy/unreliable app. Might as well access the site via browser.
Yu
F
Very Good
Please add "create album" button in groups.please :-)
Too good
Need more stylish
Facebook app is very good and its browsing speed is amaging.really great app
B
I liked it too gud
When I  download facebook in my phone my mobile died
Most of all gets stuck and force-closes alot! Doesnt show the 'other' messages section, doesnt show birthday updates, no option for copying part of any text. -Butterfly S
I was not able to post a photo from my phone gallery leaving a comment of my friend post. It will be nice if we could do it.
Its so easy n great
Conect peple
Don't have much of a use for it. But eh, it's something to do on your phone.
Very Glitchy, keeps skipping frames as I slide down the wall and updates ... freezes a lot Galaxy s5
I love it
i liked
Nice app
Annu rashi
Please fix this issue . I do not want anyone n everyone to view my profile.
Mansi
Anisa
Need to get rid of stupid top stories sort order!
Can improve features still!!
Ok
People Keep Inboxing Me , asking am i mad its a glitch fix it
apa lo mau
It's getting better with every update!
Provide Full functionality  like a edit comment and other functions that can be also provide in Computer
Too much ram used 70 mb, it drains my battery fast. So i disable it hoping to fix it... :)
Pls add custom privacy setting wherein I can select the people who can see my post.
You have gone from 1 star to 3 stars
Secret
I was using Facebook thru my chrome browser n sum1 suggested me this app... Gr8 diff
Sent
When an offline status updated, the fb ongoing is not going away...
Dose not open on my phone      samsung galaxy y young
Good to connect with long time and distant friends
I love it
They keep getting it better and better
Photo uploaded fastest than other
khan
The app makes my battery last just like a few hours fix tht problem
I love the new design, easier to switch from news feed to messages, comments, etc. New colors are a plus and don't have any issues with the app.
I love it
Api error keeps logging me out
It's a good app but it's frustrating. The look of Facebook changes a lot and you are forced to download messenger to see your own messages. Disappointing but can be good.
Keeping up with friends And family u can't see because they live so far,really luv The app
Video sucks, showing post two weeks ago, what the hell is happening.. Why u update when the old version was fine
Not good facebook phone ko hack kr dyti hai.phir b
I am on mtk6589 device. now I have a trouble with scrolling when I touch and drag it through middle of screen.My phone can recieve touching and draging but this version of facebook doesn't scroll followed my touching. (it has been test on other version, other apps that is not my hardware problem. And the touch point had been shown by enable it in developer option all the time),,, Thanks
Cool
Facebook rocks!!
Love itt
Takes ages to load...
Gud
J
Loved it
We need to have Un follow posts by mobile App.

Bhatti
Good app
Its cool
Umar This is amazing app ever
always showing error in news feed
Now news feed not showing the new posts. ...
Ay ths updatin thou
Can't download vedio .. please fix
I love this app for real. Thanks
Please give option to save to sd card...I am going to have to unistall app soon as no more space on my phone ( only can fit 5 other apps)
Payar deewana hota hw
This app would be much better if when friends you confirm are added you end up with all their friends too
This thing is the best like if u get it then u will love it donwloard this a u will love it all u have to do is just make u a facebook it that easy!!!
Please again add the remove members button of group conversation
pls arrange bcause i cant download videos here ... what wrong w/ this apps.
Awesome
Fb app crashing since morning after login... Pls fix it
Always a great way to keep up with your friends
too many updates but its still the same
Stupid
inni vi ni but att wa
But still needs to improve speed
After the last update its crashing like hell.. sucks after that ... please work on this
Nice
Fb I very very love it because I chat with my girl friends in private
Time pass ke liye achha hai
goods
I need Facebook
good
Good
Does alright. Galaxy S 4, Sprint
Unknown error code during install "-24"
Samsung galaxy young
Awesome
Fast; efficient and fantastic.
Gud
Like d it
is it possible to move app data to sdcard?
Yeo
Rai Mridula
Very good social network
Fealing good......
Never get updated facebook! :(
Does it take up so much space 
I love it
Sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry.
Way to much tracking
Nice app love it
...VeRy niCe aPp ...
I used this version for 2,3 months
Update made the layout not as easy to use as before
Facebook app losses my bandwidth. Why it not reduce size of data
useful
Baker Hughes Company
This update works superb.
Why does stuff at the top of my feed show stuff from a week ago that no one has replied to and other more recent stuff mixed in with other stuff that happens two weeks ago?
Good
I really like the app but I would really appreciate it if you could fix it so I can move the app to my SD card.
So nice app
Deeep
Like it
I love fb
E
jetmd
Bibas
It mast apps for me
Why can't I update it?
Nice
This update everyday b.s. has got to stop! Effing b.s.
Really sucks; always hang or auto reboot. Really sucks also when every Tom, Deck & Jane can see your personal information even after you tweet the restrictions
Thanks
Please make this fb, can copy the word.. i wait, ouh, 1 thing, if u fix this, i will give u 5 ¡ï¡ï¡ï¡ï¡ï
Ungas 04
Good but cannor deleaf my previous provile.
Its.relly nice apps....
I love it
M loving facebook tjoh aay i jss cnt live widout t shym
Cool app to meet my frndz
For an older version
Sunil rana
I am a student
Rubbish
80 mb memory losgs in sd card after instalation is horeble . Make it small and simple. Right now only 2 star for facebook .
Normal
I download it and its only 7mb and now its 60mb
Like the suggestions
Work well

If they would stop using the proprietary 'camera roll' and use Android's stock image selection functionality, I'd be super happy.
Galaxy note 2
Good app
Constantly refreshes news feed.
exellant
Too slow. Please fix everything and then 5 stars. I  should uninstall this app. Its also NOT RESPONDING this is stupid!!!!!
Loves furry creatures
Please show news feed in order!!!
Id love to give 5 stars you know.Don't get me wrong i love this app but it consumed big space in my internal memory which is not good for my phone. Also id love it if it will support emojis on the timeline and newsfeed for android phones. Specifically mine lenovo S720. Please please please fix it. Thank you!
Love it
5star
Great way to stay in touch with family and friends!
:)
its solve my wnknown way

I can't use the app to browse Facebook which is the whole point of having a dedicated Facebook app. This sadly renders it useless. Even though a have a good wifi-connection it says network error all the time. Notifications works though. Please fix it.
Not sure where the ball was dropped on this....The app constantly freezes, resulting in resetting my phone. My phone doesn't freeze up, just this substandard app. Facebook, you're the number one social media out there....wouldn't it be in your best interest to have a dev team that is capable of making a working application?
Ok
Always Error when try to play video  with my xperia z
Hey.. Facebook maa.
Little laggy than previous version
This app takes lot of phone memory and shows errors while updating it due to insufficient storage available..
Its the best and you get to see what your friends are up to
We can't keep our photos safe from anonymous downloads.
Still having loading problems with this app..
Suresh kamal
Unable to install
Good
Love Facebook
Dear Facebook,  why did you have to update the app and give it a new layout? It now freezes and crashes. Before the update, it was running perfect. Simple rule: don't fix it if ain't broke.
Nice app . Really helpfull.. 5 stars
Love the new update. Beautiful.
Please update and customize e copy paste system. There are no option for copying a post...
Too slow & time consuming please reduce the apks size
Always love it. Hate the drama but whatever...love keep in in touch with the FAM.
Good
Well after update my facebook news feed is not scrolling properly. Only NEWS FEED!!! And I checked again so no issue in my cell phone. Please fix it asap
I can't even get on this app anymore because its not responding to my phone.
Nice aap i realy like it
Nice
its good i like this app.
Does not matter how is it because i just love it
just ok
i love it
Endless loading, videos don't play, ,  freezes a lot FIX IT!
biswas.avik94
Sometimes it stop working
lol
BBS
What happened, can't
Only takes photos, no videos! I guess this is the trend started by google maps, they dont improve products, they make them un user friendly!
Just updated and now it crashes every time i scroll down ony feed......
114477
Just wish private meant private
Good
No reply option for comments :[
Can't login
Its good
So far the app is running fine but it can get sluggish without no reason
Facebook
This app is outstanding.more features and exprience......
Exelente
good
Gud....
Wala
hate new lay out
Vary slow.
What a great invention!!
OK nmn sys
Runs like a dream on my Note 2.
Badams
C'mon Facebook! It has been 4 weeks and 2 updates later and still I am unable to use this App... The Timeline will not load on my profile or anyone else's profile that I visit... This App is rendered useless as I can't view my own wall... Please Fix This! Absolute Rubbish!!!
facebOOk is toP most APP whicH cOnnEcT tHe PeoplE iN tHe WorlD,.,, Plz sir, deSign tHe version which mAy conTain only ThrEe buTTon In thE top,,, 1  For  Friend ReqUest 2 For messAges 3  For NotifIcaTion  aS  the  oLd VersIon contAined EarliEr Fix tHis IsSue  Plz Plz
Can u send me link of it??
App has gotten better. Every update seems like an improvement from prior versions.

Love it
Please bring back notification sorter! Also, the option to choose on friends list which friend can view posts/pics/status updates. Please!
I for anything I couldn't get off this app
I don't want to be the last one to know whats happening! Add that option please
The new fb is  very bad i dont like the look at al , and i am only giving 1 star  .can you do the facebook chat like the messinger chat , becouse since the latest update of messiner when i installed it says low  storge so i have to delet  the messinger :(
Sweet
Is it in google play the applicatio says it is only 19.75mb but when i download it it becomes 50.00mb
I loved
I love it
Good aap
There are a lot of functions missing that website has...
Thanks for update, but pls give option to move ext SD card.
Am I the only one who can't watch videos since the update? And why can't we have most recent news feed? Uninstalling, again. Done for good this time.
Like this APP

App needs to have most recent selection remembered! Sh*t having it all mixed and having to select the option all the time!
good looking in android
Love it
Also keep some themes to make it more fun
Toooo slow
Wow facebook
Sucks dick
Ill be nice if u can play music on profile.
so all the other facebook stuff is a waste of time and bandwidth. An option to bypass those would be nice.
It's straight
Good app.
mst
Its cool app but there are some problems too.. Like we cant tag the group members of any group.. Their names doesn't even appear on the tagging list and another one is that sometimes it show no Internet connection even wen i am connected to one.. Hope you look into these matters too
Always bad update zzzzz
Simply the best.
Nice
Please get us a option to move app to SD card
Why i cant copy or select any text on it?? Please fix it..
I Really Like It Its A Big Part Of My Life Everyone Should Use This App It Makes FACEBOOK Fast & Easy
Good
This app gets worse and worse with every update. Its so big it uses a huge chunk of memory and slows the phone right down. It freezes all the time. Please change the newsfeed back to most recent as default.  Just all round average
I liked it but it's not like the web version
Byk mklumat brguna kt ce
It's alright.
working good,I love it
The new update is really cool.
Great

In my device i can't find stickers from this App. Why
These app notifications and game invites are annoying. An option button to block the invites would be great!
Nic..app
did a movie not be made?
Keeps crashing or not even loading on my htc evo 3d HD :( please fix quickly...thank you...normally would give 5 stars
When people get on Facebook they want to see the most recent posts. I say change it to where you can see the recent posts as soon as you get on the app
Great!
App keeps forcing it self close every 5 to 10 minutes if you can fix this problem i can give 5 stars
It's cool
Goooood
Its very2 beautiful. Some times
Good
Kie Bookie
This and the last update are horrible! Most recent needs to be default. I want to see most recent not top story, who cares what people comment on. I want to know whats happening, not the past. "WHY FIX WHAT WASNT BROKE"
Ex
G good
Bikram
I love my parent
Friends are "always" logged in now, quite confusing, please fix it back to when you know when your friends logged off...
Etc. T. Nt FC   cttx.  xrtr r Cxbx c. CCCcxxrbxbxex tnxtx x ?. Bfccttx bxr ru t. D .  CTTf  c  Rxcrtx. T t rr?d tdtcBxrtc ?x xxC   t.  D  Rr tX t t.  ?drug cx  c cn.    ? Burc . ncrbx NFC r  Tc ct. X. V t?tbx rc?tbc x  ybx et vxe x u?xbxxx tx r    d. cxtc x xtxmxtt bbxc b ncxr CTC ?c. R xxNxx?.  box c x  tttt. R.  c rcnxcxXr bxxcc. CcT MX tctbx  c xxnrccn xt.  Box.    t  tx ech e. dcc rxxncuxc tx c t t tx ce bxc DxtX. CNC c
Consumes too much of cache memory.
No comment
Its slow nd boring there should be backgrounds .... this will make it more intresting ........
Love itit
Shakhenba
Like facebook .
Great......

useful app
I try tagging some friends to a picture but when I click on "Tagg friends" it just shows a blank screen and then crashes.. Please fix it
Ajinkya
........   ..........   .......
Very good
Welldone fever
I can't hate,  but im hating this app.!!!!!  Every time sucks this app.  It notify something bad,,or bla blaaa.. If I update means, says can't update now,   What yar this app.  Totally sucking my wifi,data card.  Waste of time.
Still no font adjustment, and having to go under settings to see "most recent" is just irritating. Hey Facebook, I think I should be the one who decides on how I want my newsfeed to be displayed,  not you.
general
If u use Facebook and really who doesn't u h¨¤ve to have this app!!  I haven't had any problems with this app.
Unable to save photos shows error
So fast
I like Facebook but liked old features of the likes on profile
Brilliant work in last few updates. Simply awsm
Super app
It is very easy send message to my any friend I loved it
improving
Great app 
Terbaik
It's not letting me play the videos on fb
We all love and hate things about Facebook and this app is no different.
Why Facebook app cannot support my device
Great app
Whr r the feelings??
U need to get this app a few problems because u have do alot of crap
Bhakti Travels and Services
Apparently there is a problem with every link on the internet
Smotther app
Video cannot be played fully got error when playing the video
Extra ordinary
I dont want it any more
Not at all a nice app
Monukumar 9210685291
Good apps
Good of me
It's best The way it is because every time I update something happens
Hendrakum
Sumaa adiruthula
XoloA600
Nice
Chad H.
good
Nice
Nice thing to be connected
Excellent..
Nice
I like this app
Every time I try to play a video thru Facebook it only plays like the first five seconds then stops and says sorry they're was an error playing this video.  it's only thru my xperia z2. All works well on my wife's HTC one m8. Please fix.
This app takes way to much memory. I have no idea why I am writing this Facebook does not listen but here goes. Way to much space needed just to install, keeps needing insane amounts of space after it's installed and I do not want the most popular stories I want the most recent! Will not reinstall until these problems are corrected.
Too many permissions is required by the app. Some very private and not necessary for Facebook app to work
:)
Facebook is great for connecting with family!
Not bad
It's Veryyyy slowww yrrr not dwlding
That's a very good app
Still sucks
Coo
Very  good
Jeo ji bhar k
App sucks
Would be awesome if you could easily get to the place in comments section where people reply to your comment and you can reply to them. Sometimes there is hundreds of comments. I have to go through browser to find it. With app it takes too much time. Fix this and get 5 stars
Why do you keep updating the same things? There are things that need to be fixed too!!! Oh yes. The most recent post or feed. Fix that. Its stupid that it's not the default.
nice and .fasted .app
Interesting and Informative
Exeter
TIME AND TIDE WAIT FOR NONE
Why facebook home is not available for jelly bean versions and  android 4.2 versions.
Like it
Excellent!
hates how the news feed is all different & doednt go in order of time it was posted :(  like the mobile site better
please make it fast this app.
I get 2 keep up with the 1s that care.
need to say any thing about fb?
Quick
Nice work facebook
Gentrification
It's a lot better than it ever has been in terms of performance. Could get more out of the way a la Google+: viewing in landscape is often difficult due to the amount of space taken by the menu bars (top icon bar especially is a space waster). As said by others, app is huge - mine is 250 MB on ART.
Good job
Everybody love Facebook cause it's the style
Nigga I'm from bpt t west side west side 400 spruce street wat chal know
It takes to long to load but other than that, it is pretty hotmazing
Awesome
Life converter app
Good
09202335514
Its ight
okay bye.
The app. Is part of my life.
Nice
LOL .LOVE OVER LOVEL
Good application
Nice
I am now having trouble seeing pics and messages. This update is not going well. I hope this is fixed soon.
G000d
Awesome
Nice
Nice
I'm addicted to Facebook
love it tuff #tbt #youtube #tumblr #instafollow #f4f #vape #coffee #instacool #lasvegas #blessed #jj #igers #me #likeall #swag #Jfridapope #love #china #tflers #photooftheday #tweetgram #single #smile #summer #motorcycle #russia #hookah #twitter #gopro #photographer
I love this app..
Good application. The minus point is copy past is not available. If it is enabled I will give 5 star.
It takes up TO MUCH MEMORY sorry till ya fix this problem then I'll give a 5 star but for now only 1
I should be able to delete the unnecessary photos and game requests, I am tagged with.
Fb is always awsm...
I want to be able to switch the "most recent posts" on again!!  Its frustrating seeing "OLD NEWS" . I MISS THE STREAMLINE OF MOST RECENT POSTS.
No bugs or kinks. They finally got it right!
Loads images very slowly on slower connections but is good enough. We're now bored of this UI. Please make a new one!
THE BEST APP
Good
Its ok
It keeps on crashing! Like wtf? Gets unresponsive frequently especially when I'm playing a video.
Works fine, besides having to restart my phone because it force closes upon opening.
Very nice app you shold load that
Wow Exilent
Superb
Its ok
Facebook litt
Seems to get stuck on loading pages despite data connection working fine through chrome.
I cant update it!
Perfect
Love it but memory matter and hang again and again
Plz fix when i click video play button fb automatically closed
Improving, though the updates seem too frequent for my liking
I can't sync my contacts with Facebook from the last update , now facebook sucks ! It destroyed the beauty of my mobile. -_-
Awsum.. !!
Ok
Atrocious
I want to see whats happening as its happening not days later.  And no more birthday notification!!  Fix these and the constant crashing and I'll have 5 stars
Stuck on a loading screen for a week now on Timeline Approval and still cannot move the Gigantic app to SD. Also the huge ads are back.
Updates on time
Better after update.  Let's keep going forward.
Battery issues seems fixed, even with notifications on. Pics and videos load quickly now. Crazy, I know, but this is a 5 star app.
Awesome
Boooo
Nice version
fine but take so much internal memory and can't move to sd card please this to get 5 stars
Abhi eid a rahi hau aur wo apni eidi lene zarur ayega
Can't play any videos from Facebook. Fix please. I can play videos on youtube so its not my phone.
Not bad
i meet my evry frnds so m happy..
Continuous problem when playing videos. Its stops with error after playing for like 5seconds.  Pls fix this problems.
I an excellent opportunity cohc9yf.
-_-
It's way to slow and I can't watch videos unless I clear my data 1st this really sucks!!! Please fix the problem
Jusss love it!
Opera best
Update is garbage...videos are no longer playing....
facebook
Zeb ch
with fb i can get more friends. ..enjoined jockey ....shared about many things
Since the new update Facebook has force closed on me 5 times in 30 seconds.  Than when it goes on its frozen and force closes again. Also on that note it just keeps force closing and it don't update my notificationd
Nice
Seriously needs some consistency and a better layout.
Starts up slowly because of the inprocess.facebook.katana which I think has something to do with changing font. I'm using lg optimus2x
This is nice. ...
I like Facebook
I had the app but it kept having problems even opening. Deleted it and tried to reinstall and always tells me it can't install due to "error code -24.". ....???
Getting better
It takes up too much space. Malfunctions alot. Slows down my other apps n to top it all off it never stops updating!
But the emojis in facebook dont show up like there supposed to ;c ? Instead its just some black image ! 
Its ok it closes or stalls n says its not responding n ive learn to adapt to the apps frustrations over time.
Good
New update, still can't tag none friends in comments or in a group. Posting a photo is a chore to find the photo. When you do post a photo, it's huge and blurry. After the new ver, it's worse                      New update doesn't allow a link preview when posting a new status update  Needs to be resized for 10.1 tablets. Fonts need to be larger. Facebook needs to be updated to the newer version.  Android is using the old version. Web version is better and up to date. #UPDATE
One of the best FB apps! Wayy better than Apple anyway. A few bugs once in awhile but overall Im happy.  :-)
Nice
I can go on every hour of the day and the same exact post will be at the top of my timeline for hours if not days. The point is to be able t have also o keep up with what is new not have to scroll through days and hours worth of post to find something new. The fact that you  limited the veiwablilty of liked pages is ridiculous I know first hand a lot of work goes into those pages and for what? Nothing I prefer the way it use to be "if it aint broke dont fix it"
Good look on Android.
3 stars for the update
Five star just because
I'm a Facebook addict
Good
How difficult of a task is it to develop a consistent and reliable?  Maybe a certain company shouldn't have went public....
Super
But it works very slow.
Nothing
I luv it
With new update scrolling through posts is very very slow
I dont like it when it keeps on crashing. And the privacy too old version is better :( pls let us customize who we want to see in our feed and who we liked to share our posts to.. Please.. Thanks
Okey laa
This is a good app
Rajib sarma
I think, now, fb is better and it is good communication for transfer our thoughts, but, in coming era or for coming generation, fb should do more better performance towards security level and vulnerable , hackers and also it's slow running.
Selamat
Let us be able to move this app onto our ad card, it's a big app and some of us have limited storage on out devices. Second let us be able to see most recent in chronological order, newest first, to oldest.
l just love it
Give an additional option of chat off
Maya
Facebook
Its coo it aint great but its just right for me
Last few versions of this app just freeze, how is this happening on the most popular app for Android? Where can I send feedback? Doesn't even crash so I can send the reports, just freezes up my phone
Good very very good
magalal soni
Nice
Superb app
Awesome
Videos uploaded by friends do not play.
It's easy so I could talk to my family
IS GARBAGE!!!! As soon as it opens it freezes my galaxy s4
Meh..
Thanks for the first time in the UK
ZACK 's love it
Love it
It's very slow...
Karu
I can't figure out how to keep news feed showing by most current instead of top stories. Don't think FB really knows which is a top story for me!
Hai friends
Awesome improvements
Nice app
Not Gud
Convenience!
Jhakassss
many times it automatically logged off and then when I put my password it doesn't take it
Still to slow than from web
An amazing app , good job
Facebook crash every time When I try to edit privacy in post
It is good....   download it now..
Nice, as usual..
Its a great app but the news feed is really slow...i don't know i its the fb servers fault or the app's
Very good
Thanks bro
I can't watch ANY videos at all.  This app is becoming complete garbage,  you suck Facebook.
Can facebook please let us be allowed to start saving videos from facebook? Cuz theres a lot of videos I like and I want to save but I cant! so wish u guys make that available
Oy vey
I have been trying to download this app for two hours. But i can't do it..........
Good
Would be nice to actually be able to administrate our sites and remove ppl when needed otherwise 2 stars is all you get. Btw im the owner of a fb site that host almost 8k members:)
Good
Needs update. I try uploading a picture from gallery but goes to facebook view of my gallery and I have lits of pictures so the hell with that!
A Little slow
Best
Nice but need to progres more
Good
Updates
Improved....
Awesome
Awesome
Why must use fb messager?
But some time it show late process
I just want to request to the developer to please add also a free video call via android user to the pc owner who are using facebook .please i know free call optionis great but having an option to video call via android phone is much better..please..hope to see it on next update..thanks
Thanks
I luv it..!
I don't get notified about messages unless I open my app
Best mobile Facebook.

because fb is the best apps no memmory full
When will be able to delete our activity log? Until then the app cant get 5 stars. Please help
Separate feeds isnt necessary and its hard to find.
You guys should make an update that deletes all you messages and stuff from previous years.
No more top stories! !!!!!
Its good enough .. even sometimes loading slowly than before .. but good
Getting much better, now if the could just get rid of messenger.....
Great!
It's ok
great zero
Great app
Facebook
Doesn't show most recent posts
Keeps me in touch with my world n footy
Love it
Well i like it
Facebook is the best app that I have on my iPhone I enjoy socializing with my friends and family and I will continue to use it
Hello
Awsme
I love it
Can't update keeps telling me insufficient storage, I have a big SD card would be nice to be able to move some of fb to sd card, and would like to have the option to choose MST recent post that would be great
no
Now I can't even get suggestions for my activity when Im typing it FIX IT ! After every update you make fb worse
Allow easy access to all message folders like you can online.  And put the news feed back how it was.
App force closes after watching video posts. I shouldnt updated this app.. Please fix.
The "turn notifications on/off" is basically useless ... It's working 10% of the time ... On some posts the option isn't even there on other posts it's there but when I click it nothing happens .. sometimes when I select some lost from the notification list .. I can't turn the notifications on nor off ... It's very annoying ... Please fix it .. it's an important feature ..
Please bring back the "Most Recent" tab to make the app usage easier!
Good
Very nice apps. Its working nicely in Samsung galaxy grand....
I made a mistake typing my desired url. But the feature can only be done once and i didn't read that the first time i use it. Please help us be able to change our url again just this time please. I don't  want my friends to see that misspelled url please fix this right away
Every time I install the update, it tells me that my news feed can't be loaded and the app doesn't load at all. I have to keep uninstalling the new updates and using the older version, and I can't stand the older version. You guys really need to fix this!
I love the app
Every word. Every character. Can I downgrade please?
I can't see the latest status of my friends!please fix it
Amazing
Awsom
Cute :-)
Coooool
Nice
Good
Please allow us the option to 'stop notifications' when others comment ......from our phones. ...
Everytime I log in I can never see and status or anything ! I can't see mt profile this app is completly pointless the only thing I can see is my notifications but I can't get too them cause it dosent load up !! It dosent even deserve one star
Love this app
realy sucks caNnOt update my newsfeeds! so slow the new versiOn of faCebook!
I am an old user
They change it now and again, but it works alright. Always been kinda meh but oh well.
Awesome easy to use
Good app
Don't like the new set up and won't let me watch any videos period says unexpectedly cannot play video!?!?!?!?  I hate the new updated version!!
It has become sooo government control that its weakkkk.it FEELS like its a goverment site for kids
I just love it
Doesn't matter whether its a vine video or a random one my friends post it says the same thing.. error: something went wrong while trying to play this video.. love my facebook .. but this is kinda crappy...
Facebook is awesome. Its my alws fav apps.
It keeps gettin worse... if you could only mesh m.facebook version with androin app version...
I like
Latest update is malfunctioning. It is giving me an error message, and not updating my news feed.
Meow
Weak
Nc
Good app. Logging on to FB from web browser note seems like a stone age stuff. Kudos to app and it's usability.
Good
Every time I bring it up it just closes out
This has to be my favorite app. I spend more time on Facebook than any where else.
Awesome performance on a daily basis.
Not loaded the feed news automatically after mobile data or wifi is on
Super
why I can't change my news feed to most recent as primary feed. make it flexible!
Nice app but please add 'remove tag' feature on it.
I would like to read what people are doing now not a day ago or 7 hours ago
Its an asome app my wife talked me n to it !!! She said Jason said hello and I said who well he was my best friend n school and he moved off !!! Well it was him that's all it took for me !! Now I'm talking to him and family n California !!!!!! If u are reading this tryng to make your mind up do best social lounge on the planet !!! U will find people you haven't herd from n years most the time they find you haven't!!!! So yeah just get it you'll love it just like me now!!! HINT go ahead and get facebook messenger you'll need it this is awesome u want regret it this!!! P.S. I'm a hillbilly from Tennessee and am not getting paid to say this so get with it I would like to say high to to u on Facebook lol!!!!!!
It takas full network access  when full network is not there it gives error
You can have a little troubke with it but overall its pretty good
it would be great if my videos will upload as fast as my photos, it takes a lot of time to upload my own videos, and some its ends with error, also it would be great if i can see who's watching my videos. Pls fix.
I love facebook  and faster pic upload
Best
Stop trying to make them happen Facebook. If I wanted it to sort by most popular I would change it to that. Stop trying to make it happen, no one wants it.
Too gud
esy use
You can take it with u every where
Okay
Good app
The new status I'm posting don't  upload ! It keeps saying: Pending posts
I love it
Nice
Soooo good
Can't download videos on FB after updating. That's a bummer!
with this latest update. I absolutely HATE not being able to set Most Recent as my default news feed! This sucks! This could just be the boost Google+ needs.
It's cool, but sometimes it's take an hour. Before you can see the post or pictures of you friend. And it's take few mins. To move it's always hang in. Pls fix ths problem. And i give ¡ï¡ï¡ï¡ï¡ï tnx.
Good
Kept getting the same update over and over and over. S4 4.4. Fix please
Can't update
Practice make the parfect man
Execellent
Awesome
Nice
It freezes up all the time
Wish we could change the news feed so that we didnt see things from several days ago, want to see current notifications.
Downloads fast now!!!
RELIABLE, fun, and getting better all the time!
A wonderful way to get in touch with your friends and family
Real bad interface. Photos don't load. Not at all smooth.
K..
The like posts, photos and pages isn't working when im offline after updating..
Now that we're immune to the new ads, the app is probably the most-used on my phone.
Awesome!... But has problems of cancelling uploads...
The app will not work for me
Nice sometime bad...
Old newsfeed just plz fix yhis
Mm.....ok
It's gotten a lot better
Liked.
Perfect for my liking... :-),
Best
Updates are too big. Takes up way too much space! Crappy!!
Super
Very good
Fool
Spiritual  Kids Baby Animals some
Please make your BLUE background lighter.its hard to say that this us getting a little ugly but you only need to know what users suggest
Its better now due to the update
After the newest update, I can't open the app AT ALL.
Better performance
Grate social hub.
Soaa
Last few updates forced me to use friendcaster .  Now i came to test new update again. i think new staff also from poor university
Boleh la
Muito bom
I'm just loving it..
I shouldn't have to go under a menu to find most recent. And they're not even most recent. Fix the privacy issues and please correct that it bounces me back to the top after I've scrolled way down in my news feed.
Was good till it erased everything. Still same password and emal but not friends no page nothing. Please fix
LUV IT....
It gets the job done
Kcool
The more upgrades...the slower it gets.
Could use improvements on loading times and the size of the app but it does good in what its actually made for, a media app. 5 stars if you decrease app size.
My little girl
Good
Good
Bad news it's so bad!
i can't instaled
Now it takes forever to post a picture. Get it right!!!
Slow to update or wont update, always have to restart phone. How bout stop adding "features" and focus on making it run smooth...SMH
Plz make provisions to stop candy crush notification ... I don't even play that game then also I get notifications ...
Aweeeeeesome
Super app .....
fix the privacy setting!
More than 50MB Memory occupied that is bad...

This is really awsome.. facebook connect ee closer
I really like this, because I'm in contact with my family and friends
Way toooooo big file....
Plz put the color change setting on the next update people want to be able to put Facebook to different color because people are saying their tired of seeing blue they want to put a color they like. Like their own style. Plz put it
Not Working
GET GOOGLE+! Facebook sucks
Good aaps,,,,good,aaps
Nice

junedalam          alam
easy to use
Superbbbbbbb
Shouqee
Fb
Can't update!!!
It usually showed the number of friends bit that's not the case anymore. What do i have to physically count through my friends list to know how many friends i bave?  This is stupid!
I always have a problem with my newfeed refreshing , it always say trouble with refreshing
New fb sucks. Can't. Open any videos n screen blacks out. : (
Well this is the best
New update keeps freezing my note 3
Awesome app
The new update its just awesome. I am loving it
Good
thanks facebook for new update...
It's help me to commtian with my friend easier than any pro
:D
Since the new updates I've been getting "unknown errors" preventing me from watching videos. Using browser.
LOVE IT BABY
Great !!
Love it
Way slower than usual.. And times when I don't touch the comments button, the comments still Pop up and it's getting very annoying.... Doesn't load and has to force close at times..
Very good
Parmesh
Use it erday
Pics not opening complained many Times hopeless
love love loveeeee
It's go of
Doing okay on my nexus 5
Superb
Tilaknepal
Best
Love facebook
I give it a three if I don't want some personal info on fb page that's my business to many nuts on fb before I like it to stay in touch with family now my post aren't seen to many new changes to much cussing and half naked girls or women the filth that comes out of peoples mouth fb would. would rather c that then nice.  Stufff
I enjoy facebook and this app but just as I said last time u had an update... i would like to have the most recent post back it defets the purpose of keeping up to date with everyone if u only see days old posts...
Just good
Nice to have wherever I go
The post setting was changed, we doesnt like watching yesterday post or post before yesterday in daily news feed. There should have been d
Bubuuj jb.jbb.bujjbujbbj buhb ubjujbb.j hbju juuju jbuj.bjbj bb.u jh.j *bjuuub jj jhuj .b.b.ub.b.u bjhboju j j ubjbbuu  jn.u   ubbjuu ubu
I got automatically log out Lot of time a day
I alwy having trouble evrytime i log in to this apps fix this problem...help me update this apps to make it useble
America's. Favorite. App love it so much keep the good. Work. Up
Wtf
Updated and now it keeps force closing all the time was better before the update plz fix...
The videos have stoped working
Scrolling is sometimes frozen
V v Good app face book.
A very very good and useful app
Good social networking
Every update's getting larger and larger in size. And it's using too much of the memory storage!
Please FIX....Everyone hates that GAME INVITES are NOT BLOCKABLE!!  Videos do not open!! It claims an Unknown Error???   Is not fixable in Account Settings!!  R U Overloaded FB??
Works.
Vilas Jadhav
This app is killing my phone RAM, and it's keeping update regularly, but nothing new:((
The new update will not allow you to reply to anyone in public threads.
Love the app! 
Cool
Facebook, along with every other social networking app, mostly facebook, is so addicting, to the point I think it's ruining my life. I quit it for 1 day, then I go back to checking to see my notifications, like an addict. Ooh someone tagged me in a post! I'll figure out a way to shake you facebook. But for now you'll continue to be my drug of choice.
Please bring back resent stories into my news feed! I really don't care about old posts! It's ridiculous!  It was fine until Facebook change it again & again! Fix this problem already please & i'll give you 5 stars 
All in one app.
Nice App
On Facebook is sad people say that there not marry and there are I dont believes in people with than say do you I am a 50. Year old woman been hurt on the cam and now on Facebook is not fair
I cannot move some data to sd cardwait after updated, my phone really dont have enough storage to contain this app! ---- also, you let us set the privacy of posts, but why you let ppl see the list of "who can see"!?!  please fix it! I allow some ppl to see my posts doesnt mean that I want them know each others who can see it!!
Philipines
Takes to much space :b
Ortho. Surgeon n.c.hospital gevra c.g.
£ü
asha
I updated it and now it won't even open. I've never had so many problems with an app before.
Great
FAcebook
Kool
Facebook
Crazy facebook it refresh me and not working
I hate the new Facebook bring back the olddddd bitchhhhh nigga hoer
Plz tell me how to downloads fb videos tell me
Ya its nice. My son abhishekk like it very much. Thank u
This Bullshit Automatically Updated AND NOW Won't Work!
I didn't get latest news feed on timeline
Thaths good
12345
Most recent
I love my parent
A really weird deadspot on the interface, 1/3 the way down on right hand side 1/2" in.
Normal haha
kzi34852@gamil.com.
Liked it!
Ayeee dis my app
Great
Great app it's awesome what i can say that is like a xxx videos
Wont load notifications or profiles. :(
This app takes up heaps of memory & it's soooo slow to load anything.I'm sick of it & when I go into messages it's constantly asking me if I want stickers or messenger....if I wanted it I would of got it!too many other things I hate about this app.might move to Twitter
I will give you 5 if you change it to the I phone design
Still need improvement but it's still a good app...
Recent post to default back !!!!!!!!!
Slowly but surely the issues are getting ironed out.
Nice apps :)
Stop asking me to update when none are available!
Assume
I Liked It Forever
This is a 5 star ¡ï¡ï¡ï¡ï¡ï app but it has too much updates and even after update their is no change in the app ............... due to which it is a 2 star ¡î¡î app !!
it unable to open on my phone... please fix its
Love it.!!!
I injoy my facebook it also keeps me in touch with my kids and grandkids.. It also makes it more. Easier to keep up with my real family and friends....
FB is awesome
It seems that the feed only scrolls the second time I run my finger over screen. Please fix. Also it would be nice to reply to comments.
OK good
After this update I can no longer watch videos on Facebook. Samsung Galaxy Tab 3
Great app  excellent
I prefer most recent than top stories but where to change it ?
I loathe the idea of any one of my Facebook "friends" being able to call me. They'd be in my phonebook if I wanted them all to have the chance to call
I am downloading now
I want to be able to choose who I share my post with don't like the way its set up example public family etc.
Jay mata di
lov it....
Thanks for the app
Awesome app
U cant post a photo commnt...neways its gr8...
I hate seeing the same thing over and over again. Wish there was an option just to see "Most Recent" posts and not a post from 2 days ago that we'll have to see for the next week or so. Also I hate seeing what people like and comment on!!
Nice n softy
please add a transparent status bar
The app is good bt its heavy in size
Great
Its nice to keep intouch x
max
Very nice
Chattha
So far so good!! :-)
Each update makes fb worse. I want to see status updates from everyone,not the same 5 people, and most recent first.
Get fb messenger its faster the only thing that is dumb is u don't see peoples post u can just message them.
With this last update I now have a dead spot in the middle of my screen where I can't scroll or select a story.  Just in this app.  Dead center, middle third of the touchscreen.
it even crashed at the moment i open it....
Something got wrong, feeds are too old!!!!!!!
I cant see the recent post .
Faster than ever,  more responsive,  fewer fails,  although the time line not having a "latest updates"  option loses the 5th star,  I hope this is fixed soon! : edit,  losing another 2 stars for failure to update with the latest updates feed option. 5 starts when it is implemented.
Tammy
Like
Love tlit
Paradee Phanichayanond
when I get to see top comments i'll give u 5 stars ?!
I cannot play videos please fix this
Nice
Weldan
Love this
My account keeps on logging out ....... within some duration of time ....... plz do something about it
Good.......
Coool
Old One Was Better
Idk I just thought it was slow
Worst app ever
This update I like cause now I don't have to press my back button when its already there
Best
Guadalupe
I had an old phone and I couldn't poke on the app so I got a new one thinking it was the phone being slow still couldn't poke it just closed on me everytime so thinking the phone was defective I got a 4G phone this thing is insanely fast but the app still closes on me without an error message so I wasted $700 for nothing come on fb get it right with the update
Good and very
This thing invades my privacy
The app keeps freezing up since the update.
Its kool
Uses too much of the phone memory. Sad
It's been working a lot better.
Eat a booger !!!!
Cool
Facebk
Awesome
You can't use messenger anymore unless you download yet another app which I refuse to do!
Most recent posts need to be an easy option of the default. I am missing a lot of posts.
It,s 2 stars
i love this updated Facebook
Loved it
Laggy and force closure.
Nice face for tablet
Hindu Rajpoot
Make most recent the default....
Facebook
Awesome
Awesome
Now this time very good working
Hmmm i like it dopsssss
Lovekh khmer
Fun alll the gud stuff love it
Yes
Best
Fine
Awesome app
Few pics & videos showing up
Lovely
I don't know if it's because I'm on 3 g my movies upload slower than instagram download also. I can't upload pictures to comments
I literally refuse to have anything to do with Top Stories. Stop this awful marketing ploy and listen to your users already.
App
Every time you upload photo! And as soon you select photo app just become blank :/
Great
The recent update installed multiple app icon's cluttering my app drawer, maybe I'm OCD, but it really bothers me to have two "Camera app's" and "Messenger apps". Since FB doesn't snyc contacts on Nexus, there is really no reason to have it when there are other options.
Sa pun tia tauk owh mo sakap apa. Samua pun pakai samaaaa saja inih.
Brave
Bekaar app
I want to show recent post not old one
I keep getting a msg in app that my version of FB is outdated, yet when I go to Google play store, there's no update, but it shows today's date (07/22/14). Uninstalled/reinstalled just to make sure, but no effect. Also, I no longer get push notifications! Please fix this!
I'm vexed at Facebook's adamant stance on making "Top Stories" the default news feed setting. Thousands have already expressed their preference of "Most Recent". Yet after countless updates it still retains the annoying "Top Stories". Heck, the feed doesn't even seem to post the top stories and feels arbitrary.
Kell
Why did they need to change it the old one was fine. If its not broken don't fix it.
Ahmed2500
Good
Convenience
Keep up the good work!
A lot of old bugs have been fixed but the layout is confusing and there are too many places to accidentally tap an option you don't want.  I would also like to not have to dig for the most recent posts feed!
I think its great expect the part where over a time it takes up tremendous spacing on andriod . But apart from that its great
Good
It would be nice if when someone tags you in a comment on a page/picture/post you could automatically see what they typed instead of having to scroll through sometimes 1000+ comments...
Open browser
Something wrong with image loading after the last update
I love it
Good
Slows my Phone WAY Down
Still no option to change whom I share posts with, ie excluding some people or lists., not interested in what people did last week I want to know what is going on now. Ive missed stuff due to this reason.
MOST RECENT! Wtf yall doing, smoking too much?
Excellent!!!
The best
Work's great. I love it.
Thnks for the fb muah
Love it
Notifications, messaging, news feed, etc...all load much better. BUT there's no way to set your newsfeed to default Most Recent. Please bring back that functionality!!
Nice app
Isn't what it should be.
Slow. Takes up a lot of space. Optimize the app to run with less memory intensive requirements. LG G3
Everything
All ***** 5 stars to u
I would like to be able to see most recent posts, also the app just randomly closed on me.
I love it
Why dosnt support the comment replay
Sometimes fails to load
Cant download and install
Need to be able to unfollow post on mobile its very annoying
Teo
It will not download!!! I had to uninstall it and now it wont reinstall..... this is not cool
It's good but still want to improve
I cannot receive anything for Facebook when I'm on mobile data. Yet everything else works. Please help.
Constant force closes & takes forever to load! Says no connection when the connection is actually perfect! Problems with updating my status, problems with uploading and settings pics - the list goes on and on.... but when I use my mobile browser to use Facebook, it is fast and problem free. When will Facebook fix this app? Update after update and it just gets WORSE! Uninstalling.
Needs to be updated. Slow as heck, pictures, messages, and notifications take forever to load IF they load. App is junk.  7/22/14 - MUCH improved! Getting there!
I want the old facebook back
My phone won't even open the app.
Fun to be on.
Samsung Galaxy Note III, app keeps getting better with each update. Except for the occasional small glitch it works great.
Very cool
Facebook
Thanks
Social media that makes you say "eh, sure why not?"
Nice
Great overall but still doesnt have a dislike button
Its getting slower everytime theres an update.
It's ok
Much better ;)
The new update just messed up everything I can't even play videos anymore after this update
Love it
It is all good
Update completed...move up 1 star. If all works great, will change to 5 stars.
Samiry love
We need back the recent posts option.
The apple look like its Facebook for iOS its a boring look but at least I can see emoticons
nice app .
Love so much
How do i unsync my calendar? I cant use my phones calendar because its cluttered with my fb friends birthdays. So annoying
Good
Review by famara Fofana
EPIC FAIL
Improvements
I like it
Won't let me scroll my newsfeed.
It fulfills my Facebook need
I don't feel like writing but 3stars you can tell I didn't like it first I don't get the mssgs only when I'm in the app second it freezes third shows the post from a year ago and puts them like knew news
On it now..
Seteng le ngetisen inu hal ceq kawang lepo.
Its not letting me open it
All was okay, why eliminate chronological ordering of posts?!
Thats realy cool
The app will not download newsfeeds, upload pictures or any of the basic functions.
update. I have no issues at the moment :)
Bon
Nice
The app has improved a bit over the last year. Just hate losing my place in news feed when in the middle of something and then have to start at the beginning again.
This app is S***. Do I make my point clear!!!!
Can't install the updates. :/
Last one to find out whats going on and seeing what happen 5 days ago over and over 2 star at the moment and also videos cant play them something is going on!!
Amazing i love it I hated the update though
Samsung S5..can you please make 'most recent' a permanent option
A great way to catch up with friends
the app close automatically after opening it .. I cant touch anything while it's working ..
Ayyub
An error is coming
I'd like to have a replay on the comments and change the shape of the Facebook and in the conversation i don't like it very much
After reading all the reviews I think I'll wait to update lol Facebook needs to hire some new app developers because they're obviously idiots.
IT'S FINALLY GETTING A LITTLE BIT BETTER BUT SERIOUSLY I WISH I NEVER LEFT THE OLD MYSP@CE
Awesome,
Awesome most of the time
Love this app. Works great!
Nice and lovely
Works fine!
Every time I try to watch a video clip it gives me an error. Wtf
If there was option to download a video like we can with an image it would be good
i cannot delated my comment and i cannot edit any kind of post on facebook
Good app  working Faster
James
Buggy and irritating. Unfortunately FB is a necessary evil today.
BIG TIME!
lots of changes that arent neccesary.
The self starting videos slow it down and it's overly difficult to get to the most recent posting order
Good improvements after update. -Moto G
Poor app
Amigos
Stuck on a loading screen for a week now on Timeline Approval and still cannot move the Gigantic app to SD.
Feed won't load. Can't see friend request. This app is horrible now! I wish I could give negative stars.
Friend some time my facebook is slow i download clean master after it it is not working who can help me
I don't like how I cannot select who sees a certain post. Would really want it back.
Muy bueno 
M loving it
Awesome app, great new ui :)
My fb is is perfect i get to see what ppl are doing now and not 6 days ago!! I love fb!:)
The update added good things like "Pages" but notifications are buggy and the new feed isn't current. 1/22/13 The newest install causes my phone to randomly shut off when using mobile data. Uninstalled Facebook, no more shut downs.
Weldone apps .very well
Extended friends list easily
The new update is terrible...won't let me see comments and didn't want to scroll through news feed
Its needs updates. Had to reinstall cause if syncing issues with photos n such.
Top stories SUCK! I want most recent postings to show first automatically
Awesome
Its really really informative social page.i love it
Facebook
always crash on my docomo f08d... please fix it...
The latest Facebook version keep hang or force close , please do something on it, previously there are no such problems.
Works fine for me
I cant see the recent posts...not updated.fix please..
I don't really even use Facebook anymore.  I've had enough of "Top Stories".  I want my feed chronological, and I don't want to know when someone "Likes" a store or product.  It's noise, so I only skim Most Recent every week or so. 7/22/14 Update: worse than ever.  Most Recent is now totally buried.
This has been going on for months now, while I'm reading a post or looking at anything that isn't at the top of my feed, halfway through, my feed randomly refreshes and I'm back to the top! Its just irritating. Please fix!
*post removed by NSA*
Love it a lot :)
Works on chaser from virgin mobile
Love it
Love it!!!""
No more lagging <3
Suggestion: Maybe adding some colour or allow profile art! Would Look GREAT!
huhu i cant install it, it said error occured 406 blablabla =( help pls.. T.T
Nothing is perfect but if someone is looking to keep in touch with their families, this is perfect then
Why we cant share a post to friend's personal inbox in FB apps. Why we only can share to own wall,friend's wall,a group page and own group only? Why why why? Why it not like the FB in the browser. I waiting this apps to fix this imperfection since 2yr+ ago.. disappointed!
Facebook is listening and current version meet most of the majority needs.
Always crashes
Easy use
Still not running perfect
At least something to suit the needs. .
Tiny Tony.
Lol ppl go to most recent if u want to see recent posts!
New version is ezy to do everything
Another update and still no changing the news feed to most recent.
The only thing I would like to see change is that the most recent posts are seen first by default. I don't want to see posts from days ago and you shouldn't have to click another button to see the new posts. Other than that, Facebook is amazing!!
This app constantly has problems.  Basic Android features are constantly being broken by developers that have no clue how Android actually works.
I still love Facebook,  Never care about old or new app version
Every earned stars were lost because of Facebook Messenger requirement.
But when I go to play store just has uninstall and open options.

Cool
Runs slow sometimes
It's a good time pass and Shere it fillings to others. ...
Hiiiiiiiiiii8iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
MySpace anyone?? lol
Works fine and is improving well
Nka
Love love ittt
Need a new update and a redesigned UI it doesn't look good and is clunky. New permissions make the app unusable!
I have met many friends that I was never been in touch since last 23 years. God bless the Application Makers and also Everyone .
Good work.Have heaps of fun
Instead of using a sliding drawer like a real android app you choose to put everything under a tab. This tab then changes what it views when you touch things. I also can't choose to have recent post feed as default like I can do on the windows 8.1 app and web. I just hope you make a real android app for android L this fall.
WTF ¡­¡­  i can't download ¡­  Error Error Error I use data connection and than wifi.
i like using the fb app coz it's fast..
*****
Nice app
Much more stable.  Like the new stuff they added
Lv it
Was slow. Didn't load pics or update status's to phone.
Life
Facebook
Much improved. More stable and speed has gotten better, though still lags a bit. Glad they've added the option to turn off notifications for conversations.
Full blooded wolf no papers willing to breed by app.here at my home. if it takes or not.
I love u Mehren
Love the app and works great!
Good
It is very for entertaining
Why is every update huge and not able to be downloaded to my sd card? Ive freed space on my phone and once again i have "insufficient space" after 3 rounds of deleting things but everything else updates fine. Im not going to get the update its too much of a hassle
Amezing
Fabulous
i love you soooo much ...
Thanx 4 finally fixing the issue of being pushed out. I was finally able to log in after a whole week of not being able tom
Mierda
If FB is going to show us what our friends comment on, they could at least take us right to their comment so we don't have to scroll through 3000 other comments to find it.
App fixed all is good in the world
Facebook app as of june 28 2014 sucks because of slowness and glitchiness  fix it as soon as possible coz it I'll make some users a big TURN OFF and use browsers instead
Thanks for the update
Faster
The memes are great. But I get two or three days behind. Be great if they used only today.
Excellent
Most of the time news feeds not updating
Bring back the feature of post sorting I would like to see the current, not a week ago. Maybe if I got to see it when I opened the app I wouldn't miss what friends have said today (shouldn't have to subscribe) also why does everyone have to see what posts I liked or commented on. Please fix and i will up it to the 5 stars it would deserve.
Free Ghaza
Please Facebook fix the problem of not being able to change my name only once every 60 days!!! Please please please!!!!! Fix and I'll rate 5 stars
Consumes a whole a lot of battery. Can't choose what updates to display first, privacy sucks! It keeps recent searches etc
I can't copy fanspage's status
To many people are getting hacked
Not loving the freezing of the app at all.
To be back
Facebook
This application is convinent so eazy to use.
Good
Works
Super
I just want my news feed to show most recent as the default. I also seem to be missing posts. Doesn't matter which feed I choose I see posts on other feeds that should be able to see on the most recent posts setting. Sometimes I don't see them at night before bed but when I log in the next morning they are there. I was using the app at the time the post was made and it never showed up on any feed.
I used to give 5 stars to almost each update, but lay ones are getting annoying, guys you bought watzApp why so I have to install extra app for chatting with people on Facebook, it's a completely idiotic opinion, I t whatzApp I got viber I got Facebook , making me install an app more just for chatting with others is stupidity, integrate the Facebook chat in WhatzApp, so we could get rid of unneeded apps, in not installing Facebook chat and using a browser version of it, and will not install it
Excellent Application
I'm a addicted
Cant login .helpp
show videos that i uploaded
Android app cannot display news feed items in chronological order...I don't think that's very intuitive
Facebook
Still has some funky bugs
The timeline freezes because of the videos. Stop trying to be like instagram with the automatic playing videos!!!!!!!!!
Who's ready to go back to Myspace
I don't wanna see what is going on with people from days ago I would like to see what's happening now.... please please fix!
Dont notify me I have a message then tell me I need another app to view it.
Managing director.
Let us set Most Recent as our default! And you forced us to say "ok" for permissions I do not like such as camera, audio, etc. You do NOT need those unless I want you to. But unless I say yes, the app won't work. You made sure of that.
Its so nice
Better then ever
Tonality
When changing you info. You outta to be able to change name or whatever they want on your page.
See title.
I've been having some trouble getting my notifications for some reason. That's frustrating. An sometimes videos I try to watch either play slowly or not at all. But other than that I LOVE FB. An it's such a convenience for me to have it downloaded on my phone.
Exeland
Nice
Really don't like it since they made sorting by recent posts almost impossible.
Great! Just needs 2 things: 1) The ability to restrict certain people/lists from seeing a specific post and the ability to only allow certain people to see a post. Right now you can include lists only and there is no option to exclude certain people or lists. 2) Remember scroll position when viewing comments, who liked them, etc. The way it is now whenever you hit back, you're at the latest comments again and have to hit "view previous comments" several times to get back to where you were. Good work!
8
A+...  I Love FaceBook's Social Assistance: For Enjoyably Sharing Lots Of Things, From All Of Us, With Lots Of 'FaceBook Others', + In Our Familial Communications, + In Our Photo-Journals, Shots & Albums + In Our Deeper Thoughtful, Studied Opinions & Notes, + In Our  Universally Appealing Spur-of-Moment Pathoses, + In Our Prayers & Blessings + In Our Human-Interest Narratives, + In Our  Bulletin Board Announcements... All Instantly Published! "I Just Love Facebook!"
After the update Facebook never uploads on my phone. It takes 4-5 tries to finally get my news feed to come up. When it does the pages freezes. Please fix!
After all the complaining people have been doing about the top stories garbage, you make it even more difficult to find the most recent? I don't want to go to a whole different page every time I open the app. The whole design blows.
Quite a cool app.
:-X-_-!:-D:-Do_O
I get db
Facebook
Awesome! !!
Wtf
most times I'm just trying to read the comments and hit a like on a post. if it's a picture post this takes way too long
I love fb cuz u can get in touch with family and friends
App locks up a lot with latest IE app versions. Unresponsive and freezes! Req. Restart!
Fb should let you choose who sees and we SHOULDNT see your post. Just like on the web. If only this would change i'd score it higher! Its kinda ridiculous i have to go on the couputer to do this! Please upgrade!!
Its really working fab... :)
Its really great... im happy to use this apps
Three stars for now until I begin to see my previous posts I'm sure you can fix it.
Horrible app. Never updates and slow. Was great before the update.
I can see emojis o every app except this one
NYC
Its good try it and enjoy with ur loved one.
Supposed to be faster.  But actually just as slow as it was .  so I'm only giving 1 star.
Facebook
Facebook
Love it
Ok im not sure what happened but i use to be able to upload videos and pictures and now i cant please please help i love this app if i just could upload
No bugs so far....fingers crossed
<3
App works great.
Excellent
Dimple
A great app
Unable to view public photos!
Awesome
Invalid URI???
Would it be possible to see our post/s appear in facebook like "via Facebook for Android"? I believe many people would like to see that instead.
Better
Nice
It's finally starting to become a full round app.
Nice
Love it
I like Facebook. It allows you to rekindle friendships that can span the globe its awesome
Locked my account
Update
Please fix my problems,the app is always crash from the first time i launch it...even i reset my phone.i'm using Hisense AD683G
So cool
fb se online hone par other msg ka koi option nhi ata h, jabki opera mini se online hone pr ata h..plzzz solve dis problm
Yup
Yam yam yammmmmm good
Pakistan city karachi
Whuzz
Too many bugs and crasher alot
Am having a problem in viewing videos on Facebook,  is it from my sony z2 mobile or from the app itself
Stupid
Add copy  paste option then i will give 5 star
Love  app..nvr any issues and super ez to use!
I like it
Nanas lin
Good
Hate hate hate the new update.    Go back to the old layout and way it was. This is not better
I've reinstalled it, installed the messenger, and tried to login via the web and none of them will work. I hope this isn't another research project.
its give me more easy to look for my friends and especially my highschool fridnds
It needs to have the most recent news feed as a default, I don't wanna see what people did yesterday when I get on, I wanna see what's going on right now.
On my Galaxy S5 the app will frequently stop loading updates, pictures, etc. I have to kill the app and restart it about every other time I use it. Very annoying.  Also, the app and the web version both need better controls to allow to user to control who can see Likes and Comments on the ticker. If I am friends with Bob and Sue, and Bo  and Sue aren't friends, then Bob doesn't need to know that I Liked or Commented on Sue's posts.
Gets stuck sometimes.. But other than that, it's an amazing app!
Please download my facebook app. .thanks
K
I like
Loved itt..:)
lovely and hulpfull
Lame app
Bam great app
this is low! I clearly gave this app ONE star!
Facebook needs a dislike button
Kiki
Hate it when this app up dates,it takes ages to up load and its not an improvement...l liked it better before.
love this
P h
Nice
Good
Facebook
Pls add "reply" on comments option for android, the same thats already on lap tops. Pls i need it.
Not bad :-)
Great way to keep on touch
Bomanaramu
After updates its no good, stop updating...fix the problem..all it does is freeze up
Its an ok app, used to be better though.
Cant tag people who were not in my friendlist hope so its fixed now
Miss the share  as a private massage.
This app is great get to  text with friends and family members
Top Stories AND Most Recent feeds are inaccurate, omit posts, only show what Facebook WANTS you to see. Drains the battery even when not used. Not installing this App = 10+ x the battery longevity. Resource intensive. Cannot 'share' in a private message. Both feeds lack any coherent chronology. I give valuable feedback & Facebook deletes my review. Dissent isn't tolerated by lord Zuck
Please fix all issues
Ever since new update not able to log in and the layout sucks. DELETE!!
Excellent
Good.
All is well except battery consumption. It's ridiculous. Please work on the betterment.
I just wish you'd sort out a way for me to see most recent posts. No-one cares about the top stories feature. It's pointless
Can't cancel video upload... stays stuck on "processing"...
Verry good
More privacy settings and choice of News Feed,to "Most Recent". More speed as well.
I like this app its hella kool
Alexsysolinzock
The new update doesn't allow me to open then app without it closing. It also doesn't show current posts.
Very very very poor
I don't wanna see posts from people that happened a week ago. Its annoying. I want to see current posts first. Please fix and I will change my rating.
Never up to date with what's going on because posts are all jumbled. Why can't I just see most recent at the top? I don't understand why this simple request is too much to ask? Why Facebook can't implement this when so many people are asking for it is beyond me.
Best way to txt my friends
C'mon Facebook get it together,  please bring back most recent or at least give us the power to choose what type of news feed we want to see. I dont care much for what's popular I much rather refresh my page and see something new every time.
This is an app not a program.
Its a good app but little bit slow.why i can't see the old post not less than 1 day
This why I haven't updated on my phone, it still allows me to sort my feeds.  Why won't you listen to the people that use your app?
Ok
Loved it...^_^
This app is only on because it does not allow to sort timeline to see the latest posts. No bueno.
Ilu fb
Unbeatable
Fb gives alot of trouble sumtimes.I can't view some post
They never shows birthday reminders in notification we had to see it in events!!!!please show the b'days in notifications!!!
I just want previous ui. Because that was a bit easy. And i loved that. I would love that if you bring back the previous fb with new features! THANK YOU DEVS :)
Everybody mostly like this app messenger
Bolje je
:-)
Thanks
Some issues with the older version !!!
Shawonfirst
Needs to sort old and recent post.
Error came out. Duplicate provider authority. Please fix this.. i failed to install the apps
Every time I try to watch a video it freezes and force closes
I've always been a fan of da mobile app except one thing... Y do i have to see who else comments on a status of a friend dat i commented on!? SUUUCCKKSS!!!! who cares what other ppl who aren't even ur friends have to say on a status! Plz eliminate dat n da app ratings will improve tremendously! Watch... Turning off da notifications won't help either cuz then u won't receive any notifications at all
An outstanding app for international networking and information sharing
ok
Excellent
It takes to much memory.
Good
Goodie oney
A Great app for people around the world
Facebook
why the posting not show "facebok for android"....??
Pandian
It's frustrating how I can't read recent updates..  The whole point of Facebook is to keep updated on friends and family.. I dont think an update from a week ago is helpful. It's annoying. It's more of a hassle now than anything. If this doesn't get switched again soon I'm doing like a few people have and going back to the new and improved MySpace...  At least they listen to their reviews
better then previous version
Its Ok but the latest update is not,but I give you 4 stars.
Good
Very good, useful, and fun
Grabe nakakainis ayoko!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Give us back our recent posts. Don't set popular feed to default.
Nothing but old posts and obnoxious ads. But thats Facebook for you.
Huhhahhhh

A single chathead will pop out once a friend  chats you and they other chatheads wont pop out while doing multiple chats at the same time...needs update please fix..
Nice app
Posts you hide pop back up. Top post set to default. News feed is nothing but ads, shares, "this person friended this person", and other unoriginal crap. I think all social media devolves into that at some point.
Still no way to defaul to most recent  your top stories setting is useless. Every time I open the app I have to go to news feed settings and choose most recent to see what I want to see.
The update is crap!! Dont do it if u have the older version which was so much better. This bullshit drains my battery in 2 hours and Im exaggerating with that. Its ever less!!! Its CRAP!! Had delayed it for 6 months and finally updated it. Biggest mistake!!! Leave the older version on ur phone!!!!
Won't really show me much but at least it keeps me updated
Good connection for friends to connect.  With pic, etc.
Excellent...
Needs a MAJOR update for android.1.picture comments 2.customize who sees your posts by name 3.constant freezing
Get better. .
Addition of inbox = 3*. Still needs notif's for wall posts, comments, etc... way to change profile pic, view pics directly from feed, tagging......
Cant save pics personally sent to me fix this now!
application tres performante merci
I'm addicted you sonsabitches!!
Thank you very much .. it's a good application
Please make tablet versions that doesnt force you to go portrait mode for some screens and landscape more in others. Very Annoying that you have to flip an 10 incher around every other minute
its addictive
Facebook is a good job everything can do
I wish I could select people who will not see certain posts of me.
Facebook
I luv it always keep me up date with  everything and connect it with my love one's
1 star for imposing the 'top stories' feed and hiding away the 'most recent' feed...
It's not unbearably long but it still takes a lot longer than it should.
Excellent
thank you facebook!
I only get one page in my whole feed
Works ok
Pop up ads..pls controls.
No videos playing!!! Ugh
Doesn't sort your feed by the newest posts pictures and others. 
nice
I love facebook so much
5 stars before the last update
Tidak dapat di muat turun akibat ralat
So often error when playing video
Sometimes I don't wanna see others drama but what can u do about it. At least there's a delete n block option
Awesome
Samsung Galaxy S3
Please fix it
Can't see foto and give life in candy crash
Kool
Good updates
How to delete messages ?
Freaking awesome
Still very slow, and crashes often...also, why do you need permission for phone calls...taking it a little far for a social media app
Error when i like poeple post
*****
Love it
Awesome facebook
Mobile Facebook has come a long way. Can't knock its functionality now. It performs the basic needs now. Hope they don't use updates to ruin what they've been able to achieve so far...
Nice one
It is Good and Efficiently Working :))
It's an excellent application I loved it

Love it.
Wtf fix the problem can't change  news feeds to recent
I hate that when i share a page that it goes ALL THE WAY BACK TO THE BEGINNING IF MY NEWS FEED!! So annoying..then i have to rescroll through everything to get back to where I left off.
Still think Most Recent should be default, with the option to change. Also, the option to stop following a post needs to happen on MOBILE.
After latest update on fb you cannot see the txt on any pageyou visit, please fix this i have a lg g flex. You will get 5 stars once fixed
Works great on my galaxy s4.
I Love this app
the update is okay but you need to learn o lot from Google+
But it's not like it is on a computer. You can't re-use an old profile pic. It makes a new one
I Will Give You 5Star if you fixthis
When you are writing a status or comment I would like some emojis and I haven't got it
so annoying its always crash please fix it!!!!!!
Defaults to the useless "Top Posts" feed with no obvious option for Recent Posts.  This is available but buried in the far right tab for some reason.
Sae pisan euy
Using up.all my space
Faster now
I can't chat with anybody or view my setting from my phone... why update it...?!?!
Love this Facebook App...never any problems at all.  5 Stars!
Why take off the option to see most recent posts? I see many agree, I wanna know what's gwarning now not yesterday morning. 5 stars when that's sorted.
Good
Nice way keep contact with friends
We want most recent news updates! Not top stories
Good
Yeah, I can use this social apps anytime even in 3g works great
Keeps me connected with family &friends has had lost contact with.>3it
cool upgrades
Keeps me in touch.
No.
Fine improvement
Facebook has failed in the app world..  It is much MUCH better in a PC browser.. I only have this installed on my device to post from Instagram to Facebook..
What can I say it's good then it isn't. The July 22nd update is pretty good.
I can't access my following it always crashes but everything else on there works
I dont know whats going on with your update but my wife's I-Phone is going crazy it says that its updated but it keeps on trying to update its been like three hours.
Very nice
New update sucks!!! Why even send an update if your not going to change anything??
This update not work prooerly cant news feed suport
Facebook app is getting more friendly with users but works very slow in 2g full network need 3g or high speed wifi this makes me sad about favebook app
:-)
Its a good app but can you guys fix the messenger on the facebook app so that we get late messages
Love it
Its OK...if you can not be with family
Man
567895             Gbvhjv
If people opened their eyes and tapped on those three lines scrolled down to feeds they would see most recent! Thanks guys XD
Love it. Use It.
So much better
Awesome
App
Works well enough. Just wish it idint auto refresh while im looking at older posts. its anoying to be reading something and then have it go to the top to new stories just to make me scroll down to where I was before.
Some time calling free option not available
I just love this game
Keeps stopping since last update
Plain garbage, lots os permissions and resources for what? If only the web version would show pictures in a bigger format.
A little more bugs here and there
Especially if you were around 2 years ago when it was barely stable it's improved greatly.
A "must have" for every Phone.
Hey the new update consume too much space for the data on my internal storage.. Please fix it..
My Wi-Fi is at full bars, but the pictures take a while to load, and I must switch to a different app for a few minutes for only a few pictures to load up.
I can't even play videos on this app. always getting the message "Sorry, but an unknown error occurred when trying to play this video". and no, its just not my phone because its also happening on a lot of android phones. fix this and maybe you'll get some 5 stars.
Force closes all the time!
Slow to load a moment
nice update
..the ability to report individual comments for spam/racism etc, since both of those issues are a big deal on Facebook. Also the ability to reply to a certain comment is needed. You could do that in a previous version so it doesn't make much sense that the ability to do that was removed
Limited functionality but easy and clean.
Ok
Facebook is a good way to keep in touch with people but have not been able to do that so Facebook please fix the bugs that are going around on Facebook
Better
Kinda laggy and sloe everyonce inna while but overall great app
I Love facebook I'm on facebook  everyday, can keep up with Friends an Family, an see alot of cool pics can see a lot of pics from friends on here at least four to ten times a day
Brilliant
so bad not working fine, call not going some time atomatic exit.
God
Its good

Most recent posts please
Really awesome
this is the worse app ...so many updates ..you have to report it for crashing all the time ...
Good
Good
FIX THIS. AN ERROR ALWAYS COMES UP WHEN TRYING TO PLAY VIDEOS ON MY BRAND NEW SONY XPERIA Z2. THIS IS THE ONLY APP THAT DOES THIS.
FACEBOOK
This app is so slow and I dont want to see six days ago I hate it
#Awesome :)
This app takes up so much storage. Everytime it needs to update I have to delete a bunch of things just for it to work! Please fix this!
Occasionally will freeze, but still good
Official
Bring back recent posts. 3 stars for now.
Doesn't load images on my groups only other than that its alright if fixed I would love to rate it more then 5 stars!!
It takes to much space
S h it app. No more "most recent" news feed. Couldn't get any worse. And why the hell am I required now to have the messenger!? I can't open the app and go to the inbox and respond there. The messenger is ok but it's another app taking up space! I don't need or want 2 apps for the same thing.
I like the style and I love fb because u can socialize on it
Data miner pro
Good app
Booo it sticks
Needs to sort most recent
Me yeyeyeyyeyeyeyeyeyeye xx
Love u facebook
Love my FB!
Floyd Clemons
Worst update EVER! Please fix it!
The app is good I can chat with people post videos and pictures but if your not chatting or writing a post then well it can be boring I would like it if it was more fun that way I would not be bored while using this app just to make a suggestion I think fast for Facebook the app is more fun and less boring but could use some improvements if the make your app like that app your app will not be as boring as it is when your not chatting or writing to some body so please update your app
Every time I go to watch a video on facebook it crashes. Doesn't happen on ios so why does it happen with Android! Sort it out!
It
I LOVE YOU
Very good
kil
Why does this app need to read my text messages and listen to my phone calls in order to work?! Removing this app ASAP! THAT IS BULLS&%T!
Facebook big yes
Galaxy S5
Love it
i love this app
Nice but need more ram space
This app closes just as guick as I open it. It started doing that after the most recent update please fix and I'll give 5 stars
Sorting of posts by most recent and top stories needs to come back. The new look is nice.
Its getting better on almost every update
Always crashing. Please update and faster to use the app itself
Fix post sorting please
It is really nice to c how old classmates r doing and keeping in touch with them.
It should be more customizable.
Fb
Why do my photo albums not sync to my Galaxy S5? It's not very helpful to have 1600 photos in one album.
Work normally..good apps..share with your friends
Really much better now
Best sosmed to connect with others
super
My messanger doesnt work if you could fix it that would be awesome thanks
Nice app.....need 2 be little fast as comapre to other apps
Another change with the latest update where I can't look at news feed how I want. Harder to use, not easier. 7/22/2014 - still hate it.
Harinandh
Love this
I want to turn off notifications for specific groups or event invitations.
great
Nice view
It takes up alot of space and memory
Spetchy and weak .
Hebrew
Love it
Very good app
NO PROBLEMS AT ALL I THOUGHT IT WAS GOING TO BE ANOTHER BAD UPDATE BUT THEY DID WELL THIS TIME AROUND!
Works great
You keep on updating but honestly theres not much of a change and it requires a hella lot of space in my memory...
Recent posts! When?
Worse and worse with each update. Slow to open and PLEASE do an update to be able to default to newest first. I don't need to see posts from 3 days ago!
Not better perfomence old version is good
Ok
It works great, the only problem is its kinda slow but every app is so it otay
Why is it that messenger is nessecary to look at my messages?! And why is it more difficult to look at my recent feed instead of top stories?!?! To be honest, the new updates are stupid and pathetic.....
Hopefully this update won't mess up anything
Because it helps you to chat with your freind
I love using Facebook, its a great way to keep up with pageant friends and family. Ever since this last update was available it WONT update and crashes CONSTANTLY. getting really sick of it.
Give it 5 stars... Using it frequently
G-S4 user - to much, can't even write a full review on all the garbage it comes with. Not enough space here!!	If I could give a negative rating I would! Why does the app need permission to email WITHOUT my knowledge?Or access my sms/mms?Don't want this crap!Don't need it linked to my calendar, contacts, email or my photos! Get rid of  this garbage. The app needs to be cleaned up And doesn't need all those! Also I want access to all my msgs like other folder!I have to sign into Fb on the browser? Dumb!! Fix this or just going to delete! And use the browser!
Its been cutting off a lot with in 10 to 15 seconds in to being on Facebook
It boots me out when I play videos on fb an doesn't even give me a chance to report the problem complete crash
Cant retrieve  my notifications,
I agree with others that the most recent posts should be the default. New layout is ok. If I could uninstall it off my phone I would but it is a built in app I also think it needs updating far more than other apps
Editors choice?! How the f... This thing force closes at least 5x a day
Why no tablet support???
Every time you scroll down and there's a video the phone will freeze
I'll give a 5 star rating if you guys add the feeling button in the status.. otherwise great app
Tipu je
I luv being able to see what is happening with my friends and family and tell them what I have been doing
I like facebook so much
Yet another update which "Most recent"  can't be default...
This app.takes for ever to download
Great!
Must have! for all ur social needs.
UNAIS KANNAVAM poozhiyod
Facebook
The latest version Facebook chronically freezes/becomes in responsive. It also causes my phone to become unresponsive in general.
Great job
Facebook
Great
Freezes and kicks me out every time i scroll by try and play or anything else to do with videos
Enjoy
Much improved...changed my review from 2 stars to 4.
The most recent update sucks. It hangs up my app, and now I keep getting connection errors but my phone works fine with everything else. Going to uninstall if it doesn't get fixed.
The application become very slow
Improved.
New update..
Easy to use and organized well.  I like both the iPhone and Android versions.
File size is enormous and not because its full of features. Almost 50mb to run. And its real buggy..
Ok
Nice
Excellent five star
Unable to succcessfully post photos in "comments" of a Facebook post. Please fix it.
Nice app
Kindly requested make an option to send mp3 files to friends in messages
Very good
Great
The app freezes on my lg g2 and the timeline is not showing posts correctly!!
I love it
I don't know why when I send ppl massage on my Massinger they don't get it
Good
Very good software
You guys really need to fix the app where I can see what's happened most recently instead of five days ago! I end up looking creepy when I like people's statuses from last Tuesday. Fix it.
Crazy
I really love the old android style of facebook app but after update it is totally unacceptable look I really disappointed by this kindly fix the look in newer versions as old look was awesome!!! Thanx.
You are getting their
Occupies much space
Tired of all of the updates. I DO NOT like the new privacy settings. apps can take your personal info, data, listen in on your calling, and view messages. New update also tried putting a virus into my phone as soon as it automatically updated without my approval. Also, it would be nice if you can finally make a feature that allows you to save photos in your messages without having to install the new messanger. New messanger freezes my phone along with this new update.
Your updates don't load videos up correctly so they barely play at all,  removed update and downloaded video play, works alot better now.
Became more efficient keep up the good work
Still can't have most recent timeline when app is opened. This makes it very dumb. Its Saturday but I'm reading posts from Thursday. Wtg fb. You still suck. YOU SUCK!
I love the new update.
App crashes every 5 seconds...videos freeze up my phone...constant force closes...basically shame on facebook for even releasing this update!
No go.
Update
Everything I thought it would be and more
... but with a little practice works good ...
I am dissappointed that Facebook doesn't provide copy paste for S5 Active in order to utilize a back and forth conversation with verbage in other languages.
Wife
kerja lebih cepat,pantas&mudah
i am using android L on my nexus 5. the problem that i have is that when i try to read comments i get a transparent background. it doesnt allow me to read it correctly.
Best app
Hi , every time when i open the application << FaceBook >> it crash ... please fix ¥Ä
Download it!
Andi
How do I revert to the previous version? I forgot to set to manual update on new phone. What now?
App keeps freezing and requires a reboot of the device to make it work again
Meh, it's Facebook. You all know Facebook.
I have no complaints!
The new layout is more appealing and generally fits into the android theme. Snappier performance as well, though lacking general transition effects.
Hate the update
It's cool no problem in same day and post in the same time and no lags but p.c: my phone is note 3
lol
Please bring this back to so it can be set at opening.
Love ittt
I
Being able to set my news feed to most recent without having to change it every time I log in would be better.
Love this app
not bad..... (y)
itx gud by when I update it then it will not b open kindly give me solution of six prblm
My fovorite social media app
Pretty much no user control anymore, they give us some so called privacy settings and take away the ability to see what friends are posting now and force feed us a stream of old posts and advertising
Greeeeeaaaaaat!
Can't hide stories in newsfeed...
I love Facebook
I am a heavy group user, why can't I tag non friends in comments, nexus 5
Awesome
Not bad not bad at all
Good
Why can't I save the videos or at least share them through whatsapp or BBM?
Why does it have to autoupdate even when you don't want to?
I'm impressed
Good app work fine on my Samsung Galaxy S5.
I lov it
Sik
Chati
Grande
It would stop force closing after every video preview. It gets really annoying.
Cool app I love it
Mafraq  jordan
Its too big. Way too much. My internal memory gets really low if I download it. It holds alotcof space. Worst part-- we cant move it to our SD cards ! Why? Better sort this out.
Www .......
Awesome. .
I love
But make it more like the iphone layout
Good!!!!!
Great app
very nice app
Vry nice
To fb.
It doesn't even start
very good
Belkul bakwaaas app koi maza ni......
Thanks
Ok
slow workly apps..
<3
Newer version
Y mosahil
Its ok for 3 star
I love this Facebook latest version
It got better
I love the  updated Facebook
Great
This app straight up sucks used to be good no privacy what so ever
Reading the reviews made me scared to update but I'd like to stay informed and current so I'm confused on weather I should update or not.
It get better every time
Can't save pictures
Apps is getting better. Keep getting faster and better organized
Its okay but I would like you to be able to stop getting invites to the same game over and over
Its good
very imprresive very fast and very nice app. For the fb user try it now
The new update = EXCELLENT!!
Fb sucks a
There is no option to download Fb videos. In previous version I had this option to download quickly via adm. But once the application was updated, video  downloading option vanished during log in conditions. It's so embarrassing feature. Please fix it. I have reported this problem twice to fb but no action was taken by fb administration.
SWEET.FOR.SO.ITS.REAL.REAL.FUN.LOL
Please fix
I like this app, but I give it 4 stars cuz  i can't select text when using it. i wish it will be added :) also i can't reply  to comments! !
I love it
It would be nice to turn off notifications for certain people that i have commented on a status of.
Dnt like this update
App closes as soon as i launch it.... i have to resort to my browser which is much better... back to square 1... sigh
Can I just down grade this back? Haha. I like the previous one before updated.
App will not allow me to share pictures directly.  I have have to go through my pictures on my phone and upload through the my camera roll. It also will not allow me to use emoticons in chat.
Always updating it finish my phone space because it came up with a new huge space su ka
View is having good impression... But always hangs out and sometimes auto logging out when connected with it
Ilove it
Nice app
Please make 'most recent' default.
Facebook
Best Social Network :-)
Crapy
nearly as capable as Windows version just have to find the available features. No off-line posts. Keeps track of which notifications have been opened but not of unread posts from group members nor which items in news feed.    HTC One 4g (4.4.2, 5.5) - updates: - v13.0.0.13.14: like posts etc, tags,  mng notifications, impr; v12.0.0.14.15: turn post notifications on & off;   v11.0.0.11.23:  like & tag offline;   v10.0.0.28.27
Mare Younnes
Love it.
Good but needs some stability improvements. Moto G 4.4.4
It does what I expect it to do.
How can I change the default top stories news feed for the most recent with the new update?
Thank you
Love it
Can still see posts that are hours and even days old on the newsfeed. Fix it so everyone can see the most recent ones.
s      .k.             kasaragod.....k
:)
It  is  too hard for my phone. It is slowing my phone.   But i like its new functions.
Good
Samsung Galaxy Win
Decent app
Newsfeed does not have option for chosing important posts or recent post, it is set to show important post no matter if they are even for 2 days ago :(
Somebody or something keeps hacking me. Make it stop
Love this
I love this application very much but the only problem i have on this application is that,one cannont copy a post been posted.please do something about it .thank you
very good
Lame
I'm loving it
Awesome
Can not do without it
And now we can't even see our messages without downloading and separate app? It's like you're going backwards
I dont know what to say
Getting worst day by day
Ok
bad
Good
Soon change can be made but I over look them
Cannot use the native youtube player.
worst update ever. This update is irritating me. Whenever i tried to open facebook it never opened and screen goes tp black. after this update i m unable to use facebook. please dev do some kindness on me and make it to useable for me. I love your app but this update really dissapointed me.
Is Awesome
It uses facial recognition software and has no need for it other then that facebooks ok
This is a great to see how your family & friends are doing.
Well, Facebooks's Facebook. Nice new features, but what happened to the old, loved features like "most recent" sorting of posts and notifications of birthdays??
me e mira qe egzoston i ka qire mamin i nxori ne pension telefonatat...........
Its awesome application I like it
No other messege&error saving pics&no resent posts in new feed !!!! Plz fix that things
I love it , I really do
Since recent update it has trouble scrolling. Lag also.
Lots of good updates within the last couple months.
Not using the app until you give us back the sort recent stories feature back! So frustrating!
Font size is too large.
Again after the new update Again  sucks over its brings old news feed from weeks ago now where the top stories and most stories went I down my rate to 1 stars u administration's what u reads nothing from users comments fix the wrong we want the feeds back
Force closes overtime I try updating my status. I can't upload pictures anymore, and it posts my comments FOUR times now. Lame!
I liked
IT WON'T Let ME CREATE A ACCOUNT. WY?
Please solve the issue. It s......k.....ssssss
There is random slow downs. When I tap on "1 like 1 comment" the window pops. Comments load however it freezes than android tells me to force close. Seems to only happen in comments boxes only. news feed, profiles and messages work fine
Its decent especially for androids
Never sends notifications. Updates way to slow. Pics almost never upload even with full signal. Just bad. End up having to use ebuddy for chat.
Don't be on here to much cause of the drama,  but it an alright app, I havent had any problems with it.
Galaxy S5
But the only problem is that I can't c all my friends online and u can't tag ppl in a post.. Plz fix this problem
It is working brilliantly
Keep telling me I have a Facebook update. I keeps popping up when I am on Facebook.
So big. Nothing new
Alright :-/ need to sort posts be time time that sucks
Ok
Lovly apps
Amazing !
... well that is the only perfect word for it. Facebook app can now be called app not scrap. Way faster than earlier. faster image and feed processing.  Worth the update.
Hello
Sucks
Awesome, i can talk to friends/family and see what they are doing. I give it 5 stars more if I could
Doesn't work please bug fixes
But cannot add names to multiple pictures. Please fix
its slow 
How dumb have an app say it's on 22mb you put it on your phone and its over 100 without option to move to SD just plain stupid
good
Quick app when it gets the time zone correct and realises he same time as the android tablet
Nice app and easy to use fb love it
The app crashes while loading all comments in a post. Device: Samsung galaxy S3 mini
This version is the good then the old version because the offline options are available in this New version
I want to see the most recent post! I hate when i can't edit the setting. And just because i always watch the video on fb, it doesn't mean that i want to see only the video post in my wall! I want to see the status posted by other people too! Fix this!!!
The friends are lerkin bitches hmu
I gave you 3 star. I can facebook without wifi. Its nice!!!
This is such a very good,enjoyable apps,this make friend,relatives ,families reunited again,keeping in touch wth each other...Goodjob And Godbless!
Cool
As aran n dj I agree with der queries
Legal. Melhor doque Entrar pela net. Otimo app
Why is an app designed to keep you in the here and now putting real time in random order?
The Best Application
Kali ala heli veltiosi
Cool
FAISAL
Nice and clean
#1
Please sort the album features for uploading a new photo..
Nice
Good .. I love it
The new update made it lag. Till then it was just perfect..
There are some options you still can't do, like on a PC. The app is very good optimized for good smartphones, but it's very heavy and big sized so it'll not work good on old smartphones.
Better
Need improve need faster
For those wanting recent posts go to the menu that has your appts and sign out option its somewhere in there
I am unable to update my status after the last update...seriously wtf!!!
Likes
Thanks
Nice
I am looking forward to seeing you there is anything else that you have received this message
Dis app maks my phon v slow...n wen evr i downloads it..it brings an error in my phon..so i hav to delet it again n again n again..hectic..wt to do
really good get it
i realy love this app..
Now is better than before fast reliable and good app
The app deliver what it has promised. Give it a try and let yourself connect with the world.
With new update everything is fine but app is not working when acrolling down or up the news feed so it is not ok and not fine, maybe it is because of my phone.
Good
Facebook
Gets my vote
Love Facebook..
Useful to keep up with my family.
Bullshit!!!
Does what its suppose to.
Bring back the sort by most recent feature
I like it i like it
Please include the block & report option. Still nothing. 
Thu
Good very!!!!
I love Facebook it's wonderful
Hi
good app but still waiting on the Shazam-like music/tv  ID feature. also, if there was a way to save your preference of "view recent posts" like on the web
Despite some weird rules and the curtailing of freedom of expression you still rock
It keeps freezing while I'm using it and shuting its self down. Freezes my whole phone to the point of I have to take my battery out to restart my phone. Fix it!!
Every time I open my feed it opens to all the same crap that was there the last time I logged on. Nothing new until I scroll past all the old stuff. There should be an option to have it the way it used to be with posts posting on your feed according to when they were posted. Its so much less jumbled that way and I don't have to read all the same stuff over again and miss the stuff I'm looking for.
Its more simple & faster..
Thank you Facebook
Just blessed to have the ability on my phone to have this app. Hello World!!!
Best app ever
The GOAT
great app
Gud
Not bad
Works as well as you'd expect... The only problems are the notifications. When I make a post on a friends page and then other people I don't know respond.. I get the annoying notification in the top right over the globe... On the desktop version of FB I can click to, "turn off" notifications for that exact post, but within the app, when I click that little down arrow to shut off notifications, half the time its there and others it's not... Which is super annoying.
Loved the upgrade of pics but y it's crashing every 3 seconds if even tht
Very good
Friends
If i didn't use Facebook so much i would never download this! I'm sick of NOT having recent posts as default. I'm NOT liking the new layout. And this app "forces close" more than any other app!! Plus this apps space is a lie, it's taking up like 73 MBS!!! Change some things around and you'll get a better rating.
sesiapa yang mengenali saya bole menghubungi di arif 035.
Keeps getting better by the day
:-) :-)
Love it
It always has issues when I try to open this app.
:(
It's gorgeous darling
Love the app. But it still has to have a lot of changes. Hope you people work on that
Since the newest updates it crashed loads of times... like for no reason at all... Fix this chrashing... It's so annoying...
Love face book
It takes 3 or more tries to load fb. Then once it finally loads, it constantly kicks me off fb. Will be watching a video, and it will kick me out of watching it. Major changes needed in order to get any more stars, I'm very displeased, fb has gone to sh*t the last several times there has been a new update. GET YOUR ACT TOGETHER, FB APP MAKERS!! Yeah, still sux! If i didn't like fb so much, and only can use on phone, i wouldn't even have it! For being a big company, you guys sure make a Crap app!!!!!
I ever can't sign in. Poor
Good job
Its very nice in every way !
I love this app not so much
Nice
Need more faster...
Ok
It doesn't work
Needed work.... Not anymore
Looking bad
When uploading a pic it does not recognize albums and will mix all your phones pics and vids together out of folder
it was bad enough that top stories was default but now it's permanent??? I'd give this update -6 stars if I could
Superlike 
selectively set people or a list of my friends NOT to see my posts like the Web version.
It is constantly running no matter how often I force stop it.  I don't need it running 24/7. App is huge.
Fixing bugs by adding bugs
I love fb! That is such a good idea! We should be able to block status that we dont want some friends to read, but still be friends with them! A block status from friend button :)
Pune
Whatca difference compared to a year ago. Well done. I'd wish #LinkedIn would deliver what Facebook achieved.
I love u f
No problems!
Everytime when I use this app it ...makes my phone freeze ....so I don't even use it Buh I hav installed it
awesome site
Lots of improvements been made. Thanks
Best App
Baik
This is an excellent App, very good Social networking site! !! I agree with most of the other people who want you all at Facebook to bring back recent posts as default. Once you do what all of us want I will give you 5 stars but Not until you do it! !
Can not see pictures please fix
There's a bug in the current version, a spot right in the middle of the screen doesnt respond to touch and you cant scroll
Nice
OK ok
I wish that Emojis and Facebook Emoticons will clearly/really appear in Status post.
I like it
loved it
Getting better
Update
Good app
Am fine you
Facebook
I love this app. But please fix this update this update is very poor
Best clients are the first party clients!
We should be able to change that background color. From white to black. White uses alot of power compared to a black background. Like if you agree.
Ppl complaining but no other social network do the thin gs Facebook can.its the biggest.sometimes I don't like the upgrades then I get use to it.I'm happy with my results.peace out
I love it
If only they make it possible to share posts from walls to other apps like tumbler and twitter. With the ipad app at least you can copy a post's url and paste it into a secondary app.
Please make it more smooth,friendly,faster and reliable for my samsung galaxy mini 2 / s6500d....  Fix it and i'll give more stars...
Tak perlu menampilkan posting 6 hari yg lalu
So very good network.
It is awesome XD
since the new update, my phone turn into green goblin n start to firing laser to anyone... thanks n so much appriciate it..
Recent posts please.... you had this feature two years ago.... the layout is odd but usable. The newer permissions are a joke too. Completely unnecessary and I've read all of your "reasoning". I'll stick to mobile.
nc
Great job, you deserve the five star
Next step would be good to remove the messages and leave only faces.
Ehhh sussa
All it does is crash.
These power full sorld
Yeah
Nice
Facebook is my best social network
Needs improvement
I don't understand why there's all these sliding windows and the top menu disappears... It's overly complicated to get back to your wall.
Mantap lah
Bugs ! I reported it..
It crash everytime i open the app, this just now
loved it
BUT DIFFICULT VERSION
Because God loves me
*&^/&*:^&*&^"**'",(':"*&':::*
any time online
Awesome
Poor performance.
Sucks booty
Loading recent news feed is horrible
This app im in is like a show that i like with my hole heart i wich it continue to show us a application,game etc ..... I love it
Often I get network error and the app stops refreshing. When it works it's fine but it's broken more than it works
Amazing
Make video download able like pictures
Wonderfull app
lag lag lag....don't u have any knowledge? worst design...#advice can u follow Google plus guideline
Got better
Oky so now at my messages fb says the whole time waiting for conection. My internet works fine but I cant messagr enyone. Wtf!!!!!!!
gud app
This app needs to be able to be sent to SD card. Why can't we anyway?

Please correct the bugs.
No option to reply to comments. No quick change to recent stories anymore. No sharing into a message possible, further don't get link of a post.  Links to facebook content dont open within the app (like twitter app!). If you load more comments you have to scroll up! No Multitasking support. 'Saved Pages' section not native implemented (webcontent). No support for swipe gestures there. Invisible select all/cut/copy/paste Dialog.
Everyone is sick of seeing stuff from yesterday, or a few days ago.... and I hate that I have to change it back everytime I use the website.
Developed a seamlessly awesome app
Luv the updates.
Facebook no longer syncs with the Android contact list. Would like this feature back in Facebook.
Don't really know why its so hard for them to make most recent posts default, by now you think they could have gotten the hint most popelar is not what we want. They redo the interface enough I dont see how it could be a problen. Will give 5 stars once they fix.
It's good for keeping in touch with family and friends.
I just wish there was a special security app for Facebook.
Please provide night mode. Sir i use facebook late night. It hurts me when use .....so please develop night mode in this application. Please reduce the app size.
Nice..
So many errors
Must be given more customizable options.. and must allow to add anyone irrespective of knowing or not
Great
#Awesome :)
Awesome

Nice
Would be nice to have an uodate like the iphone
Foarte buna
Good
Its great
ok
Make some improvement like web version nd I'll give u 5 star.
Hate it everytime I click on the app it keeps on closing and saying. "Unfortunately,facebook has stopped" that happens to me everytime please fix or help thank you!
Not bad
Getter done!
Where is the Places Map?  Now it's not even under the "More" tab!  That was one of the few things I really liked. Very bad and frustrating!  Rating downgraded to 2¡ï
I do not like that I can not load videos it loaded and worked fine before the update please fix this problem also to make videos not auto play it causes facebook to load slow......

This been happening for about a yr or so but every time I click a video it says it can not play...I had took off all the updates twice to see if it would help but it did not at first after I redownloaded the updates it worked fine but after a while it went right back to how it was....please help?
new update awesome
Samsung galaxy sII
Awesome....
Great...except for size of app...
After the latest update the video segments seem to dominate the news feed, which I find annoying.
Still not as robust as one might wish, but better than trying to get a browser to render Facebook right.
Ooo
one of the best versions of fb..... love it... keep it up ...
Usefull
Good fun apps
Love fb.
NICE VERY NICE
like
Need recent post back in order
Nice
Excellent
I think Facebook should develop into a gaming interface just a idea
I love
Facebook
Necessity
Nothing better then Facebook
Uninstalling Facebook app as the app icon constantly shows outstanding alerts which are messages I can't read because Facebook has decided to enforce no messaging in the standard app. You have to install their messenger app too. No thanks. Uninstalling the lot.
Crapppppppp get me out of here
Book
Awesome
IS DUMB
Awesome
Juicy
Good job
Easy To Do All Things
Lisa's Page
I like the new update. Looking for more awesome look but at the same time functional and user friendly. Wish you support gif images in the future updates.
Cheryl Potts.
Nice app
Its good to talk with your friend
Sometime got stuck, hate dat
<3 <3 <3
Samsung Galaxy Exhibit 4G
Alway 4 ever
M
This is an cool app if u have good connection
nice
Nice to chat
Crashes
Like but improve becoz contacts not sync
Simply just love it.
It won't sync my contact in my phone.
New version
Love it
Very useful social application to communicate with ur friends and family. This apps has some great features.
Fb
Keeps fc after last update.
Facebook app is Aye-ight. And the guy named Noel Dacara who rated this app sounds shady.
When i scroll upwards it tends to stop.. Like lagg.. Fix it..
It is easy to use
Recent post disappeared from "Most Recent".
Uninstalled after the latest update wanted to read my text messages...
Vry slow
I think I just puked with this beauty.
DERRICK JETER
Easy and fast. Loved it
Lots n lots to improve..
Excellent
I love it b'coz it easy to use instaid of using internet
I used to just use the browser for Facebook, but then I got this app! :) NEWEST REVIEW: the app got more blocky and boring. To many bugs. Please go back to the regular app
Getting better with the update
I lovd it
Awesome
Everything's perfect #G3 Tbh...
Awssm
but some time work is very slow
Bakwas Cheweez hai
It needs to be less spacious in the phone. Takes too much data space. And needs the old recent posts option.
We can't select text from any post or comment or can't select anything.  Plz solve this problem.
Working
Madina
Its ok. Needs some work.
Could be better, could be worse... IDGAF?
It comes up with a message saying "Facebook could not be downloaded due to an error "!!!!!!! WHAT??.      WTH! :/ -_-
Hi Genet
Good good
Its ok just when i want to go into Facebook it takes like seven hundred thousand years
Bit fed up of people's status coming . on my news feed hours late needs a most recent option
I want Most Recent to be my DEFAULT SETTING for posts. Fix it. Now.
Come on fb wont start up on sony eperia T. Very poor!
Just a bit slow, plus most recent isnt most recent
Size is too big! Why??
Hai
I love this but its wrking slow nd taking so much space
Why do i get an error trying to review my time line when i get tagged it pictures and also i want to see what people are doing now not 4 days ago
Grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
Thanks
I love my nation
Totally unstable. It says 19.7 MB size and after a while get up more memory up to 120 MB. and risen. in just one week i had to uninstall and install again to keep in touch with my dear ones.
Awesome
Love facebook
mmmmmhhhhh
Nice
Don't like new layout and wish there was a custom option for statuses like on the web page.. fix that and it will be allllll good
This is really bad
Grt

Love it
I love you
Constantly missing huge chunks of feeds. Tried updates,reinstall etc but has been a problem for months!
Why cant I play videos
Wow
Fantastic!
V good
It gets you ok Facebook and let's you do the mist common tasks, but that's it. In return for that meager service it demands access to all information....really, all.
Yahya
Good job..
Awsome
Bad
I had hoped this would solve it but yet again it hasn't.
You are doing right
All is well
Every ten minutes in shuts it self down so it's also laggy pls fix
not that good
Nice
I love it I stay on fb all the time and dont ever have any issues
Superb
Wowww awsome .... its  so easy to use ... more easy
File size, RAM consumption is morethan 25mb. checking in browser is best option.
My statuses post now, but videos won't load and the app is constantly crashing or freezing my phone. Fix your app. This is ridiculous.
This is the worst update i have ever done, pictures wont display & the app itself wont load anything like if there was not network.
Mucha memoria
Loved it
Sort out posts I really dnt like seeing old posts -_-
Like this app
Finally user friendly once again....

Did work really well until last update now won't load at all on samsung galaxy s please fix this asap!!
good
For older version
Works great
GOOD APP NEEDED DIS KIND ON MY GALAXY S 4
Good
Very fantastic app very simple to use and many options
Very good
Love it
Mrs Sandlin
I got a brand new phone yesterday and now Facebook won't open. So frusterated!!
Rahangdak
No longer scrolling properly. Goes down but not able to scroll back up not very responsive. Nexus 5 since today's update no problems with any other apps.
Getting there
Luv it
Ratingzzz
Takes ages, so slow, vids don't load. etc. etc..
Nun
The recent update was good and it made my navigation easy
Khago
Video playback is poor
nice
Great App
Good
Slade
Since the last update it sucks! I can't get the news feed to show postings in order! I see posts from days ago none recently ! Deleting this none working app and just checking my Facebook via chrome browser so I can see my news feed properly. .. I give this app 2 thumbs down..
Impressive work..
I love it
Great
Sweet,  need copy option
Love
A very good app to bring it friends closer to you who live far away
I love it
Best stuff
Working smooth
It is vry owesome thing in our life they connect each other
The recent news feed isn't working correctly yet again. Go back to the old option of having it in the main feed. If you guys actually read your reviews from your customers you would see no one likes tip stories.
Get white screen then foreclose...fix this already!
It is really bad plzz fix it
Won't sync my accounts
Love is all I have for this app it is awesome
Working out to improve this applications
suparooooooosuper
excellent
App will not let me watch videos on my Z2 without crashing. Facebook is meant to be a massive company so a petty issue like this shouldn't exist! Fix it please!!!
GN3
Hi
You have two days to fix this f****** problem there better be an update . The last update screwed up the app on Android horribly. Fix it
Love posting and looking at what other people are doing in their lives. Makes things intersting.
Good
Nice
I can't get anywhere without it 'unfortunately' closing.  I'd rather use my browser.  Please fix this!
Okay  okay
I have found my best friends from high school . I'm so blessed .
Better app than many other 3rd party apps..also the fb team is doing a great job by improving this own app so that users don't need any other app 4 accessing fb..keep up the good work bt also pls optimize the app to improve upon the ram usage..update review-pls stop notifying for friend request that have not been sent to me..infact no friend request sent to me by anyone as i checked on the webversion bt this app shows 1friend request from nowhere..pls fix
I am having trouble going offline .
Awesome feeling...
Now this app is nice..
Downloaded the new update and now it will not load pictures
Jan
Love it
Review Pending post doesn't work!!!
Best
Nic
mass
Y its hanging? Turning off by saying its not responding :(
Gulmi
Very slowely . I dont know what should i do
I actually Like it now after a few weeks later  Its actually a really good app
Not bad
its better
Love
Not opening starting page only
Its beauty
raza
Need improvement like we can open or use 2acckunts at a tym....
100%
Ever since the recent update every time I open the app it freezes up and wont even let me close out. I have to restart my phone every time I try to use it. Worthless!
Choudhury
Good
I used this version for 2,3 months
Very nice..
I think the aplication work fast.....;) ;)
Its ok
Sajid
Its way too big its using up most of the space in my phone even tho I have it saved to my memory card and the newsfeed shows OLD POSTS from like 4 DAYS AGO! Fix the newsfeed button to where I have a choice of most recent or top stories,and ill rate it 5 STARS!
One of the best social media sites probably the best
Superb
Loved it
It's Nice .. Very Good and Congratulation and i give you 4 stars
No good working new verison big problems plz solev than you
Way easier to use
Good
Best apo gets u connected with far away relatives
Work smooth and fast with zero lagging this is bcz of the latest update.
Happy
Error in save photo when I save photo from Facebook and this happened from update .so please check this problem
Thanks
Fantastic site to meet friends
Every time i click on facebook it goes back to my homescreen  facebook sucks
Awesome app all things in one app. Chatting app and scrolling news feed.I rate this app 5 stars.keep it up Facebook
Its Great I really have great fun
V.v.v gooooooooood
Gone from ok to this. What' s up with the messaging? Still kicking me out, when I reply to messages. We need an alternative to FB, if ur not going to fix it, asap!!!
Nice
Loving it
Nice
Incredable
But it s not fast  not giving me to tag wtf if my friends on mobile not sending the meassege just felling slap who the heck took this yarr
Sometimes it gives error loading news feed.....and my internet is working fine....I have to reinstall the app....fix it I will give you 5 stars
Wish you could invite groups to events rather than just individuals
Good n nice to connect new people.
Agree with below
Good
Good
íûÅfdþÓB,íûíûÏÂþ×Ô¼ºµ¯·´ÉÏÈ¥×î½üÓB£¬ÓÖÒªlook·µÏÂÃæ ßí·½±ã ºÃ©
Yippy fun
Y
As soon as video is clicked it says "video cannot be played".  Please fix this!
Update
nyc
Sarap
It's the shortcut to life
Love
It refreshes quite slowly
I will like to try Facebook.
I love this I keep in touch with my deaf family
I wish I could see the most recent feed.
It is messed up i open it and it does not show everything like it usually does
Would is beautiful
Not better then ig
Good
Some new features r gud
Love it
Good app
Facebook is screwing up the bloody freaking app is almost useless i would say IT KEEPS FREEZING
goood
because I Like it...

Not bad this is a grt apps.

Lill improved after long time... Still improvements needed...memory eater
Nice
Great
Read the permissions for this junk. Read my text messages? No thanks! It also insists on running in the background ALL THE TIME. It has 50 something auto-start permissions...  the highest of any app I've ever installed.  The only way to run this safely is to have a ROM that can block the privacy invasions & an app like ROM Toolbox Pro that can turn off the auto-starts & keep this garbage app quarantined.  If you can't do that, Use Atrium or another 3rd party app.
AMAZING
Ok
Love it
New version
Video crashes after few seconds of playback -xperia z2
Love this app
Stop messing with the news feed! I want most recent and I don't want it to be what you think I want to see!
Buggy
Samsung s4
Good for me try it
so stupid
I wish it was a 16 gb app it.sucks
Even more bugs. Now the video player keeps cutting out halfway through. Sent reports but still no joy Most recent feed is now stashed away and the posting system is broken.   You get 1 star because at least it looks pretty.
Loved ittt
Bakwas
It will not download
Love facebook so had to get this app...even if its bigger than my other apps.
good
Ani
I can't even watch videos on it... It Say error to almost all videos
oftentimes i go to notifications & the list won't populate. it just remains stuck on a page i was linked to from a notification.
I have. Small D
Thanks for fb
it doesn't works on mah Micromax a27 plzz help mee
The Facebook application  for iPhone better than that.
W
Life is this
Did you know that this app. Occupies almost 1gb on my phone.,  It sucks, pls fix it
I liked it...:)
Sureness
WOW
But its very difficult to.type any messege
I Love it really awesome
Ever since I updated I can not watch videos. It says an unknown error has occured. I've uninstalled and reinstalled. Please fix!
A good app from facebook. It is more fast. Thanks facebook.
Need to sort out posts. I don't want to see post that I posted or from others that are 6-7 days old.
Sangat baik
Not much more to say...
Simply the best.
Excellent
Engineer
Like very nice apps.
Hated
Don't get notifications, video and pics are no longer there. Fix these!
It's always updating and I don't see any visual change, if you won't update the appearance,  please don't update it, don't waste our time with stupid updates.
Please minimize the use of memory in background.. this takes much RAM from my device :( Anyway, I very appreciate the recent changes. Added 1 star for you :3
Recent stories :p set them to default :p
Awesome
Loveli
very nice
CANT INSTALL?
Its facebook
Accourding to my point of view this is an awesome app...
Its fine, apart from the time. It shows posts and private messages as being posted 10-20 minutes instead of 'a moment ago'. Please fix this.
fabcebook
Can't log on anymore what happen?
Take more space
Ok.
Video's are not shown in the the pics folder
Very slow  need updates
It would be great if u give a feature to download videoa from facebook.. thank you..!
Why can't I get this crap off my phone
It makes easear to access my accnt.  P
Application is too slow
Have trouble loading up to date material. Very frustrating when it doesn't load from network.
App is pretty unreliable and I haven't had much luck in getting a lot of notifications to show up. Also can't comment on things sometimes. It works but could be a lot better.
Facebook is AWESOME!!!!!!!!
I don't want to echo earlier reviews, but I must. After newest update, I cannot view Most Recent. UPDATE: My wife fixed it! I can see most recent now! Love her!
It's  to slow
I want the most recent back all that ever comes up on my page is stuff from days ago
Its more up to date and its not as slow
i hate the new version of fb app i like the old one than this!
Pls make it stop duplicating old pictures when u try to use them again. And add an option where u can reposition them anytime you want
With latest update the app stopped working
love it use ot 24-7
Oo
Fix it,  can't play videos no more
Facebook no longer syncs with the Android contact list.
Install isn't working. Error -24. Still not working
I love it <3
Video keeps crashing
Ok.   Plz convert in to small size
The app is OK, just not a huge fb user. I'd like to be able to switch from top posts to most recent.
When Facebook gets updated again can you make it's so we can see the emojs in color like the iPhones do but other than that it's a good app
Acer android A500 using but unfortunately face book application crashes while playing video second time in two days and going to re install it again.crashing has now become a persistent problem since may 26 to July 22 ,2014.I am now used to it.
So slow even with 3&4G service. Most pictures won't load after I click on them
In
Its a almost a necessity
With the app, I can no longer share posts in a private message. I can share to my timeline, a friends timeline or a group only. When posting pictures, on my samsung galaxy, my only choice is camera roll. I have to scroll through every single picture in random order. Other apps let me select which app I want to use to choose my picture. I prefer ES File Explorer, because it shows me the folders.
Thank U Mrk Zkrbrg.. Fr giving us chance to mix with the world.
Too cool
But... The option to switch to the most recent news feed DISAPPEARED. It changed into "Manage News Feed".
very nice
f b. The great
Festival
All is well
Fix it otherwise 5 stars
Inculd the theme option Facebook
Mr Jagdish
Is awful. So unresponsive to scrolling!
After i login in facebook this app after some time any call comes or internet connection is disconnect my Facebook id is logging out by it self plz help help .....now i am fed of this by last 2 days... Help me facebook team
D new update is great!i just nid one last improvemnt to give a 5...importin my events to my fone's calendar.
Plz when u move to some other page u don't have any other options available like chat or notification  Really yuk
I Loved It
Good aplicacion
Love love love it
Ma
It's very good and very faster application i like it
A must have on your phone
I use it all the time only thing i dont like is the size, its taking all the memory!!!
I can't still download. Too much space. I hate it! I hate it!! I hate ittttttt!!!!!!!
I love facebook..
Facebook application very useful for me. Because browse faster. share details our friends very quickly. This is very useful for our competitive exam preparation. Thanks to Facebook application.
Getting better day by day.. faster and responsive..runs smooth
Gives me people's post from 6 days ago and I know I have my settings at most recent. Plus today Facebook blocked me from liking anything because apparently I "like too fast" Sorry my friends post about 50 pictures but I'm the type to go through each one not just the album
I like the updates but the video previews make my news feed frees and I don't like it
Nu stiu
Khan mohammed
Abhinab
Gunasekara.s
Takes up to much space
This app is one of the best app in the world I must say
Love it
Nice
Won't update on phone. Why give an update, you know won't work.
Latest
Downloading app right now..to phn. Any problems & it's coming off. F*** it. No problemo grabbing my laptop!
Terribly slow and bogs down my phone. Click the app and it goes to a blank white screen for 10-15 seconds before the app appears. Beyond slow
Very good
Happy frd ship
It works but pretty bad that it requires an update weekly!
Every time i log in it says Facebook is not responding every time
manuparmar
World's best social networking site ever...
Awosome
Even it make an grp of friends
Liked it ..
At least I can post and talk.
it is the best
Love.it
Fb maker by then well & good..
But need more updates understand the users feelings and try to develop this app as early as possible
How i delete comments ..no option for delete
Punkz not dead this app.
Love it
Nicest app ever
force close... force close... and again force close... its not working on my tablet.... pls fixs it...
To good
Transferred to SD card please. My app can't be transferred to SD card.
I can't copy any thing please provide this option :) and the news ferd is too old :/
Facebook
Need to improve a lot
Bexheti
Great app
Nice app!!!!!!
Excellent app
No notifications for message
SAMSUNG GALAXY S4, Finally able to choose the recent post view but, I have to edit my favourite. You can do better by making the selection more easier to access.
Good apps
Worldwide  everybody  like  it,  then  how  can  I  dislike. I  like  it.
Keeps on crashing and very unresponsive since the update can't play videos no longer than 10 seconds then it comes up with error very poor. On the Sony xperia z2.
When I open it, there will be a message that facebook is not responding.. And If I wait, it will automatic close the app.. :(
Babi tenuk
Can't even keep the app open for 10 seconds before it doesn't respond and crashes. And is causing the other apps in my phone to misbehave as well. Also why does it need to take up that much memory? Please fix this issue for 5 stars.
Better now
Very very very baaad
Description
Facebook
The new update has changed the experience of this social media so badly I've gone from a 100% user to virtually zero percent an it's extremely disappointing :-\
No way to attach files such as certain documents in a post here. Also the recent posts problem.
I like it .is good for life happy.
Great Application..
I dont care of what the people do 6 days ago, the recent ones is what I need
Not good
The best,but still need improvements
some time its nt work...;-)
Like this app
Bring back most recent post.
Now it works well new update is good...!!!
FB app for Android just introduced a new annoying bug that affects scrolling. Facebug! :-(
Patl dhruvit
Faster version... Really Awesome It's..
If I wanted to see videos I'd press play, this slows down my over all feed. Freezing all the time. Hopefully this new update will help but if not then this review stays.
yeye
Not good enough
Facebook is awesome! !!
Nice.
super
Can't open. Keeps force closing since update.~Eris
Much improved. Keep getting Comment Failed to Post notification even though it posted. Still tired of the Recent/Most Popular post BS.. just make it easy to switch and make it stay on what you set. Interface with Messenger is still wonky and will show Unread messages even after checking them. Sometimes, clicking on FB messenger notification in Android pull down menu will NOT take you to the app. Clearing its cache seems to fix it.
Laggy, old phone constantly freezes.
Awesome apps and wonderful feature... Sabin kc Bangkok Thailand
Rajendra
I like this app its works great i get look my Facebook account just fine
Sort most recent by chronological order of when it was posted, NOT when it was last updated or liked.
Great way to keep in touch with everybody, thanks
Very easy to use
The app is improvising on every feature aftr each updates...Glad to see this..!!! The app has turned much more user friendly...
You need to fix this app so that it's not so big. My god I have a fast phone and it makes it slow as hell. This is a app, not an operating system. Shrink it down a bit.
Great App
Slow
I can refresh my news feed at all. All it says is error loading news feed. Please fix!
So good
Great
Like this
Es molsto siempre dice forzar cierre
Yes they should bring back the recent  post option.
Nothing
Takes centuries to load videos and pics on my notification window... i have a gr8 fast internet with a much gr8 mobile .... so its the app problem if it would be fixed 5stars for free.. :/ but now it is fixed ^_^ :D

Hai
I just wish it wouldn't try to update so much.
Good
Awsm..
Its all right.
MAHESH MAHANTY Pilyg my face book
For Nexus 7 2nd generation with 4.4.3.  Average loading speed. The scrolling is smooth for the most part but there is stuttering every now and then. Need to speed up loading time compared to the ios version
I wasn't knowing this
Hi
Great app
Osm
Awesom
Apps is very slowly update and like or modified to sd card insteadh not support sd card
Stupid new feed! I've selected 'most recent'for new feed. Yet it shows post that my friends updatesd few days back
Loved it
Jain
Videos won't load then fb force closes.  Still no fix.
Nice
Gooooooooooooooooood
very fast
Otherwise ¡ï¡ï¡ï¡ï¡ï
Perfecy
Doesnt show bday reminders... Still d problem isnt solved
Plz download complet
Very love
nice app
Very Nice .
Fun.entertainment
Very smart
:))
Best
It's a good application but it has many  problems...... ist of all it takes too much time to install.... secondly it sometimes hangs uppp the cell..... it doesn't let us to send request if we send 8 or 9 request  it blocks sometimes  a week sometimes a month.... and it also has problems related to privacy concerns ...fix thaaat I will give it four stars I will never give this five stars due to time wastage
Very good
beat
Instead of changing the interface every now and then, you can just make nice, useful and WORKING one!!!
Good
Always crashing. Please update and faster to use the app itself
I love dis thing
It was amazing innovation that bring back people and whom i know since young to get connected again.
MO money MO problems
This is good
They should really downsize on how many mb it uses, on the app review it say it takes 18 or something but then you download it and it takes like 30 or 40 mb. Talk about false advertising. Anyways the main problem is the fact that after having it for a day the next morning the app went a wall and when I tried to click on it, it said app not installed on the device and I'm like ummm wtf. So I deleted the faulty app and now I'm reinstalling it, if it does it again I'm giving up and deleting it permantly, Smh.
Its okay. It loads for me my only issue is that on mobile, you can not set t to most recent. And no matter what I do, the comments keep opening and it is very annoying. It also drains my battery on galaxy s2
Thanks
Its make fb lot more easy for using. .
Getting as simple,easy n smarter for the smart
The best
Nothing recent. I open the app and everything is days old . Have to constantly hit Recent news. Why do we want old stuff? Fix the app so we get more recent info. Still...old. Open the app to see stuff from last week. No wonder my kids gave up on FB. They do fixes and the stuff that pops up is many days old. They wonder why they are losing the younger people. Another update and still everything is days old.
Awsome
Nice nicee
Awesome
Very good
Great
Very very good App I love it.....
Cannot share other people's posts to private message like the old version. Please fix it.
I like this app ...
The fact that the NSA used this app as a social experiment by placing negative posts and whatnot for people to share is why I do not like the app or facebook for that matter. They did this to see if this would affect peoples mood and it did work. They can also use your microphone at any time to see what you listen to, watch and talk about. They use location data to see where you are. This is all proven.and its legal because you did sign permission for them to do this.
The new update made the app super fast!! just loving it!!!!! :D
Great
An superb
I love facebook a lot
Its gud BT it need to be improved much
This app seems to be malfunction a LOT recently.  It's barely functional now
Nice
N.........
It's getting worse
Videos on my newsfeed have been automatically playing, making it unable for me to scroll past them. Horrible update!
Not working
love it
Bring back the option to sort the news feed. This format sucks.
It got just a tiny bit better....bring back the old update system. ...dont care WTF people did a week ago. google+ rocks in comparison!
I DONT LIKE HOW PPL THATS NOT ON MY FRIENDS LIST CAN SHARE MY PICS...
I don't know what's wrong but when I try to install app I get an error message that says Invalid package file. What exactly does that mean ? Please fix immediately then you will get a 5 star rating. I miss my Facebook family !!
Videos not playing
Go get it
Very awesome keeps up with everything and everybody keep up the good work
I like face book too much
zohaib
Better than before!
Ismael ahmad
M life fb
Ok
It keeps telling me that it's not working needs fixing
When I play videos now from my timeline it crashes the video player after about 10 seconds. It just amazes me that a company this size can launch their App without checking stuff like this.
I love this very much
hoj
The app is great but can't comment with a picture like when using the browser.. plz fix for 5 stars
Must to improve
Love it
Ang gulo ng conection. Pa putol putol. . . Ka asar!!!
Ever since I got Facebook I don't need to pay to talk to my friends
very
Don
XxX
300
A.k
91
Does pretty good faster than older versions
App for connecting your friends
§´§Ñ§Ü§à-§à§ß§Ñ§Ü§à-§à§Ó§Ñ§Ü§à §Ú §ä§Ñ§Ü§à.
Nixe
I love facebook
Face book my lovely friend.
Great like it
Damnn..its hanging my phone i am going to uninstall it.
Awesome
I would like to see most recent posts. I may delete the app all together.
Works great
It always says that session expired you have to log out.
We want most recent back and comment reply
Why is this thing so big it's original size is 23 mbs and when i look at it's total size is 160 mbs why did it go from 23 to 160 what's it using all that space for? And what's with all the updates it doesn't do squat for this danm app I'm seriously thinking of uninstalling this piece of crap
Like
It usually couldn't download
In addition to still not being able to sort posts, the option to turn off post notifications isn't working! I dnt think I have given fb more than a 2 star rating in the past year.
Cool app!!!
Connect you with old friends
Please provide an option to stop the autoplay of videos, it will drain my network usage. TT
It's getting heavier and heavier with every update.. hangs most of the Times and have to force close it.. jeee this to be fixed ASAP.
It's working very well
Ok
This helps me to connect with other people
cc.
Everything was great until the last few updates.  Now you can't sort the posts to view most recent and with the latest update it keeps crashing!  Won't load at all on my phone!  Go back to the way it was before!
Assam
Easy to use facebook account
Great
I hate the fact that it won't sort the most recent by default!  Fix this please!          It makes the experience very unpleasant.
Ridiculously slow and contents are not downloading at all.
Setiap kali kene update.

Very Good App
Loving it
Excellent
Supper
Like to meet new people from all around the world. Thanks to Facebook I've met a lot of Christian friends from around the world.
Kobus SA
Yeam !
The best
Free software: If you're not the customer,  you're the product.
Like
Hehe
All tapy
Both khob
Very nice
What can I say? We all know what Facebook is and what it does. So my only issue with this actual app is the notification disabling. When I "Turn off notifications" to a specific post, I still receive the 600 notifications for everyone that commented on it after me anyway. Seems like a pretty pointless option at that point.
Have a bug  cannot play this video. Fix it
Works good but i cant watch videos please fix then ill give it 5¡î
Hehehe
I'm just becoming adept with navigating efficiently, and effectively, on the web. I wasn't sure where or how to remove my self from groups I was added to and the Facebook team emailed me, at  to 2am problem solved! Thanks #facebookteam #adrianscottfitzgerald
Ill  give  5  stars  if  u  give  an  option  for   RECENT  STORIES...till  then  4  stars
Minimise the size please its saving so many dataa cant load faster please fix it
khan
Whenever I open the app it just closes on me! Going to reinstall to see if that will help but for now this app sucks!!
Im loving using it.......
After the update i cant speak with anyone on chat pls replaid
Was an awesome app used it all the time. But lately it will not load. And it causes apps linked to my Facebook, my singing monsters for example, to load very slowly it takes 5 to 10 minutes for MSM to load EVERY SINGLE TIME. So annoying. Uninstalling.
New update is aesome
This is better just love it
I like but whats proble if i see news  feed automatic off my fbook
Idk cool
Facebook is very interested program p
Why my page constantly hang and I am using Note 3...so dun tell me my device is not powerful enough!!!!!
ok
Wtf is the unknown of the video player??if you can not do this properly then let us play the videos in third party apps
Wow nice apps
good
I'm just not into Facebook as much any more. They have useful services and the app does a great job of providing them. It just isn't as intuitive any more though. Simply bored.
I like it
-_-
Love to play
I Like This aPps
I only get half of the statuses on my newsfeed and half of my notifications.
Ia
Nice.But i will give only 4 you can use it i think so...
The best
App
Keeps freezing!! Annoying
Very fantastico
Doesn't update. Fast enough.
All good... Thank you
Love it,Facebook makes u feel near your love ones
After the update I can't access anything! I have reported it several times, un-installed and re-installed numerous times and still nothing. I think it's time to delete it all together.
It takes up too much space on my phone and it crashes sometimes.
Love it
Awada
Is there a way to reply to comments on mobile?
Ok
good
Highly recommended
5
since the update. my news feed is still all over the place. some post r 10mins ago and some r from 2 days ago. please make my news feed to most recent by default or at least give the option to chose what u want as default feed. i wanna know wats goin on recently not something dat happened ages ago. please fix. can u also make it so i am able to move it onto my sd card. all the data it keeps make the app quite big for my phone.
Takes up way to much space on my phone its so annoying its like the only thing i can fit on my phone
See room for improvement below.
Fast
The app is average. Takes to long retrieve data even over WiFi. Still can't move to sd. Data takes up to much space. . . . Lots of bad points. But it's the best option as other Facebook's apps are worse!
Slower every update
Sekarang aplikasi facebook for android bagus
I'm ok.
Third class app.  Always makes my mobile slow. I Hate it.
Kindly in next upgrade do give us to customize our pics for some friends not for all.
Awsome
MY FAVORITE SOCIAL SITE TO CONTACT FAMILY MEMBERS!!!
Gay
Good
Yep.
this a very superp app and we gots me frndz
Kaam chalau
Facebook videos are not playing at my LG E975 perfectly.
Great way to stay in touch.
Facebook/kellybobb44
Only can see old post
Its  cool...
Takes away from real life .....
Good
To many updates. Videos crash the app.
Oh ho its nice
dark
Very good
Love it
Nice
Really slow takes many time to loaf feed.. Ui is no so good
Loving this version.
Bff great
And, yea. So if I don't go to a friends wall, I'd have no clue what they posted recently. All I see is post from as far back as June. Like Wuuuuuut?
its a superb app
Mostly people's  are just use for fun.....
I love Facebook  And I am continue using this application  this application is very important and so fastar  easy to use  1 click on like and comment  This application is very fastar smoothar and better  So  "I love it"
It is really smooth in work..
Dam broke password

I want to get on but not even 3 seconds and it closes anyways.
This new look is cool. After getting used to it, it's just another Facebook app and so far haven't experienced anything bad on the moto g.
terrible overreaching permission request
I need the option to see most recent posts...why was this removed? C'mon FB
Newly update... i can't open it...please fix it
It is a great site
News feed jumps around and when I click a pic then try to go back it shuts down the app half the time.

It isn't working in Qmobile Noir A10
FFS Facebook, quit screwing with the news feed.  You still ask for too many permissions and now you won't let me organise my news feed by most recent by default!
I love this app it helps me Express myself in this mad uneducated world of art.
Nice
Need more features
good
Kaka
previous virsions was good, bt new all virsons so so slow and take more time to anything update.
So big :p
It stops too much :-(
Updates improve one thing and then cause another problem. I wish I could see status in order without me having to manually do it each time I gonontp the app.
Slow, terrible low functionality
It is so annoying you can only see old post I love online yard sale and miss out on so much bc I don't see most resent almost ready to delete Facebook
I want to be able to see most recent posts rather than seeing them all over the place. Please change that.
Few minutes after installation of app it gets crashed when click on a video
W
Oke
Note that the most recent posts are the most important for the users. That's why we use facebook
Cedar hi xx
Best
Too good app its more suitable,  with it there is no need to install the fb messenger .....I love this....<3
L
Nice
Make it where it does not kill the battery
I Love The Facebook App For My Samsung Galaxy S5. It's Fast and Reliable and is Far Better Than The Internet Version. I Rate it 5 Stars and 10 out of 10 (100%) Perfect 
Five star
Getting old and unpopular but still on it
The app is fine but you've GOT TO REDUCE THE SIZE! 20MB is just too much. Or at least let us transfer it to the sd card. That's where you lose your fifth star.
my phone is iphone5c .. it always crashes  what a laim !
Danyachw
android
Nice
works better as it does on PC or laptops..works great on tabs
Awesome
My life
Awesome

Love u guys!!!!
At first it was like 30mb okay no biggie then 5 minutes later I check and it say 115mb wtf
Desai
Gud
Nice Improvement...!!
I legaly blind and just leave my page open, is easier for me, but after a few minutes i immediately get no   signal, meanwhile everybody else have no problems with their page. I start feeling discriminated by you facebook, you very often cut my connection, meanwhile i do notice other people do not have this problems, if you are not willing to give service to every one why the heck you even offered?  I'm so freaking sick of been discriminated, last sunday i only have a few seconds of connection, now you are
not bad
Yes
Best app ever
Kumara
ok
Samsung galaxy note1..cant open fb. Please fix..
For the name FACEBOOK it's terrible app. Eats too much space, laggy and for many settings you have to use laptop and access fb through browser, why do you need so much space if you can't provide all the options in the app.
its not great...pathetic..
Amazing!
Cool
I love it.
New look didn't appear
It is ok
Amrit
Ok nice one apps but sometimes its always updating i can open my fb bcus it tels u need to updates the apps
It's ok, but there is room to improve and make it easier to find settings.
Works great.
It s taking make time 4 download..
Awesm
Bring back the recent post -.-"
I cant upload pictures pls fix
Its awesome
Sheri bhi
I love this app really its work fantastic. ..u can save pic easily nd everything is showing up
Always not responding.....
It doesn't shows all the  notifications like who liked my posts or who commented on my posts please fix this.
Love
Built in facebook worked well but once updated to the latest build of facebook it now runs slow, a lite version is needed for low end specs phones :/
Easy to use. Im never off it
Weak
Without having an option to see most recent posts this all is pointless.

It's swell homie.
It's NOT uploading my pictures!?? it's been 30 min and still "waiting to upload" again! I have 4G and changed it to wifi and nothing!
Nyc
it's very nice software.but this software is too slow
I lov dis
Huse
Great app
fine but one thing that so many times I receved notification in google+. To be facebook friend fortunatly my fb a/c not opening direct from google+. So I can not attend the request thanks
Cool and asoum
Every so often the app stops scrolling on my newsfeed and I have to restart my phone for it to work..once resolved I'll give more stars
Janymon
Awesome appp
Good
ratings
I don't like how it freezes trying to load these videos please fix it
Good app
Cannot see my recent posts. Please fix
Not enough stars
It would get a 5 if only it could enable me to turn off my notifications of game requests and other things I don't bother about!
Hhhhhhhhyyy
Ayus
Wow
Awesome app just all what you need
So kwl n enjoyng
Bonlo
Talk to people
Definitely a 3 steps forward 2 steps back approach but getting there.
I love Facebook ;-)
its not good in 2G netowrk notification window take too much time ............... too slowww.... So much data consuming...
Nthing any change...waste
new update is good for my i-mobile iq6
I dunno why people think it sucks. Its an amazing app according to me.
With all the changes, Facebook have yet sort out the cover photo. It should either render the picture to size or be just like your profile picture. Nobody got time for that
Vomit. Your latest version where you go to see notifications but get the last thing you went to see that was a notification, but still after selecting notifications, get no notifications list but get... The last thing you looked at. Keep phucking with the application. It's getting worse. Gay.as.phuck.
Plz update its version. If i want.my videos i can't find option of it
Really nice one...khul....
Top stories is the stupidest most useless algorithm I've ever come across. Set the default to Most recent in the News Feed or give us the option to set the default. Yes, we can set it as a favorite and go choose from there but making us do that every time is bad user interface design. I miss so many important family posts with top stories.
Timeline wont scroll up and down from anywhere on the screen no more on my phone, only the sides. If its a new feature i dont like it. See old post from days back.
Hi
it's to slow.  but nice graphics.
Very gud
Excellent

There should b an option to download our on pics which we hv uploaded to out profil. B4 ur last upgrade there was option of downloading bt nt now :(
Fabulous
Very poor app
It's ok
Awesome
Terbaik sehingga kini.
Nice
Ok I have signal on my phone but the app won't let me play videoes since the last update sucks fix that or I'm staying on 1 star cause I can get fbm if I just wanted 2 look at pics
It's obvious Android is a second thought when it comes to Facebook. Reading comments is buggy and I see the same comments listed in 3 different places. Videos don't play well either.
I love fb
Love it
Gets better n better
Okay day or 10 $tars or thumbs up will do it for me.
bhagyashri patel
Rate_up
The app can't be moved to the SD card.
It would be nice if I didn't know for a fact that, every time I start scrolling through my newsfeed, my feed is going to refresh itself, taking me right back to the top, and completely reordering all of it, making it impossible to scroll back to where it was. This has been true for years now. I do not have a memory shortage or a weak processor. Please stop nuking my feed in the middle of scrolling!!! UPDATE: I am reinstalling now since it stops working every five minutes now.
Otherwise no.1
Took away most helpful feature
Please, too much memory of the new update makes my phone slower to slowest... But i know you're doing as best as you can
Keeps freezing my phone since the update!
Wah it's have to more functions
Nice
I'm Student
Ugh your guys updates are getting worse and worse!!!! Now I can't even scroll up!! We are in the 21st century you morons can't you sort your shit out!! You don't even deserve 1¡ï and I don't even see recent posts. Why the hell do I wanna see what people done 4 days ago at the very top of my top of my refreshed page. Idiots
I can't watch none of the videos .. And since that's all my friends post its hard to be on Facebook about to deactivate and delete app .. Smh !!
What a fb
Why do you work so well on pc but are so slow and crap on cell phone? You  are so rich so fix your mobile app. Invest more cash in it because mobile is the future.
Love it
Thank you facebook. Very user friendly application.  Any beginner can use with ease. I m using galaxy note 2 and I feel i m using FB on my computer. U will find all ir friends here.
Love it, it is good
I wish that i can see a lot of pictures.
why not still gave us the ability to create docs in facebook group? is that really hard to make? come on we dont need this useless update addition, tags hell.  UPDATE!!! Really improvement? cant even connect right know!!!!!!!!
Easy to access and fast
best
I love
Slow
Loveeeeeeeeeee
In the previous version,  I could not expand the details of the location of an event. That has been fixed but now I can't see comments on a post in an event nor can I add comments to a post in an event!
Everytime this app says it has an update, the what's new section never changes
New mean something new, not 7 days ago...
This is really good for all smartphone.

I love fb
correct hanging issue n i will rate 5 stars
It is miniature to use so its super
I like it
The new update just spoiled things. Have to go into the tab to get to the most recent feed. Cannot upload videos from my phone to groups anymore either. Now today I posted a long comment and I got some error message. Fix this guys!
Love it!!
Joyfull
Love it just great
Because meggenser said free and it is asking me to pay u ppl hell no y would i even do that
Improving Day-By-Day
Make an app for low memory mobiles... Its strucking in my phone!!
Likd it...
Patel
Can no longer read or write comments since the latest update.
I love  This facebook app.
App never opens and always takes me back to my home screen
Lags too much.....
All is well
My swipes arent registering properly since the last update. The app seems to lag/freeze for a second whenever i touch the screen.
The nicest application l ever used. No app can compete it.
love it bt its too slow to download this..
Jiddi mijaj
Best chat of world conect people only facbook  best app one man army
Vibrating notification even when unchecked in the settings. They never get the Android version right.
While tagging friends in comments there is bug that repeats the name of Friend A once tagging of Friend A is over
Could be better if the notifications for a photo commented on  could be turned off
Fb block me for 30 day so i block fb for 30 days or maybe forever...
This is a very importent in a human life for connecting of other pepole.
Cannot Play Video!! Stupid..
No news from groups or pages I liked is shown on my timeline
Every 1 need Facebook, but too big app size, can u make it smaller and simplified.
Scrolling stuck for 5 secoinds after working for 1 sec, it annoyed me too much that i am gonna deactivate FB.
Fine
Thank god. Liking new features like posting when not internet connected. Also like the phone and calling feature.
Would love an option to highlight text and copy and paste.
Bring back post sorting please!
Because I having lot/more friends in Facebook
Nice
Plz provide video chat option like in iphone.....
but I can't see the number of my friends
Force closes ALL THE TIME.
I love facebook
I shouldn't have to go through menus to see most recent updates. Guess what? We don't like you choosing what WE SHOULD think are top stories. Make Most Recent the DEFAULT and give us the option to create top stories on our own free will. Facebook doesn't listen to users. They probably don't even use Facebook, or they would get the picture.
Its not work I dont know why when I udate that not work and write rety conection but conection is exellent  Please fix it!!!!!
Ok
Since your stupid update it won't work? Sort it out!
Ok
Wow
Facebook
Facebook. Quite happily play every video in my news feed, but when I actually want to watch a video it says that an unexpected error has occurred. Initially, it was annoying. Then it get more annoying. Now it truly ***** me off!
The UI is very attractive and all but sometimes it's such a pain in the butt to use it as it tends to get very slow.
Much reliable and easy
exlent
Good
Great way to keep in touch with familia
TO WAST TIME
See title
Eats a lot of data
Great stuff
The best Facebook


Me like this application...I like Facebook......
Slowly getting better but still unable to unload multiple photos on threads.
The facebook android app is not getting any changes after new updates too.There are two thinga that is not working.      1-the posts are not getting updated  by itself we have to hold it down for a time to update it.  2-the app doesnt shows online friends , it doesnt give a green online sign also i can only know from menu that thia much people are online.
Amazing.... 
Every single time I click on a video it comes up with the notice saying can't play video about 10 seconds into the video
Nice
Updated version Is to slow.. :(
Are you kidding me with the permissions for this app?? Unnecessary! I just deleted the Facebook app from my phone.
Are you serious? Videos are playing up.
Good
Facebook constantly removes my posts if I talk about oil vs solar or fracking  its is all controlled by NSA or corps keeping people in the dark and not allowing people free speech!!!;((  also  they can override a conversations?!!!
I've had to uninstall then reinstall this app. I was able to receive messages but it would not load my notifications, news feed or friend requests. Hopefully it works now!
Excellent
Messages are misbehaving, keeping old conversations even after deleting. Even after deleting on the website! Have installed and reinstalled several times. Have uninstalled Messenger and the messages still misbehave.

Freezes
Very good app
I like it but i want the recent posts option back on please
When will facebook realize people want to see most recent stories and not top stories. Posts should be shown in chronological order so that we can see all recent posts and not just what faceboook calls top stories. Samsung S4 by Verizon
Man now this is really frustrating. The same problem is coming just like what happened in instagram. When ever I try to login....it shows an error. Well instagram fixed the problem. So I will appreciate if u kindly solve my problem so that I start going back to my normal routine on fb!
love it
Fantastic
Awsome application for social media
Pls add provision for audio comments
Because you could chat everybody
Amazing
Nice of it and very proud of it's features
Awesome

Fast and accurate
Very good
Just OK.
Excellent apps
Nice app
"Top Stories", which is a stupid setting that serves no useful purpose, is the default option. "Most recent" is hidden away and does not always load all updates.  Sometimes only a couple of hours' worth.
I can't even play a video. Please fix it !
i really like because it fast
Its Facebook what do you expect
Need to be fixed. Can't play Facebook video posts on my HTC Velocity since recently update. It'll play a couple seconds than pause and say Facebook has stopped everytime I try to play a video. Please fix this bug ASAP!
You can do way better then this guys
Please bring back the "most recent feature to the FB app. The fact that I'm stuck on most popular is really annoying. I could care less what happened 3 days ago...
Like it
Awesome
I love it
It runs very slowly, most of the time
Good
Its very better for chattinggggg
U have made my friends... Seprated by distance . but close to chat
My facebook app was fine before this update. It keeps crashing when I'm goin through my updates. WTF!
Very slow and laggy.
Facebook
wla lnq
Love It ! ! !
I noticed we have a custom setting on our home computer when we use facebook, to be able to select on who we want to see our status. We need to have a Custom setting on the mobile application also for Android users. Please do this. Thank you.
Doesnt turn off notification of posts
Facebook
Pls fix it....
Loves it
Cannot open app and log in to FB...keeps giving an unexpected error has occurred message. Try later. Been trying for 4 days to open it and use it. Nothing has worked, reset PW and have unistalled app and reinstalled.  Would give "0" stars since update on 7/17/14.

It worked fine until the update. Now it doesnt show everything and stops scrolling
Love it five thumbs up.ALOHA
It always opens the comments when i like something
Very bad
It doesn't "make bookmarks"  while browsing feeds. When I click back after opening a photo,  link,  "continue reading" link,  it takes me back to the top of the feed. I have to scroll down to where I left off. That's stupid!
Yea it ok to use and u can find new friend
Is good so  fast face book connection
best fb mobile app
This app lacks of forward and backward navigation..every time i goes back from some page i have to find a link to go there again..a forward button like the one in browser would help a lot..
FB
Super slow app. Haven't used Facebook app in over 3 years,  but i never remember it being this slow and just clunky.  Mobile web version on same phone works better than this specific built app.  That in itself is sad and pathetic.
Poor
Neeraj tiwari jp
This is the largest program on my phone (50 Mb including 20 Mb of data).  It works as advertised, but why is it half again as big as my more useful map/GPS program?  Keep shrinking!
It's good but not enough fast. Some how make it fast. And why it's using so much of ram?
Felisberto Martins
Good
Translate button on status's of other languages to English or prefered language.
Whenever I tap on any video to play,  the application crashes¡­ I'm using micromax doodle 2¡­ please facebook do something its very irritating¡­.
Still love it
Its so fun and you can chat with your friends a lot!!!!!!!!!!
Videos not loading...Images loading too slow
This app can help me improve my social communication
cant install it in my phone
Good
I alwy having trouble evrytime i log in to this apps fix this problem...
So easy
It consumes big memory and sometimes notifications and messages are delayed. I feel so disappointed especially when I'm chatting important person. So please fix it!
So good and informative.
i liked it but there arent recent posts and ackers have been hacking facebook
nice for Facebook. not xo badd...
It  is gud
I really enjoy it
Old app played videos now this one keeps cutting the videos off
I like
Superb
Too Slow -___-
Nothing to tell. Everything is superb.
Good
778899,:888888
Very nice app
Don't like it much because I mostly see older posts. I want to see more recent posts.
00786
Not only the new version but also the old one. We use facebook to get the updates of our friends. But this app sucks now. It is full of ads, no one is able to see their friends updates....just ads ads and ads.
I loved this app hands off to the manufacturer please invent in new graphics and fastest
Facebook is so us early its attached ane app ezy and bast communication software in the world
Facebook
Lovekh khmer
Needs to be able to post change who sees your posts (ie block individuals from seeing certain posts) like you can on the web version. Also it is difficult to Stop Notifications on posts you've liked.
This app is good but it is slow
This app sucks!! Everytime I click on a saved groups Facebook shuts down completely!
I rate this app
Amasing
Still having video and sound issues video plays with no sound and sound will play and no video seems to be only on LG phones
Its a such a hope less thing
The app is faulty, plays half a video then shutsdown, very laggy.
Nice!!!!!!!
Solo Cristo salva
Exo-amazing
Allow copy paste function
Apart from status dates I want to see what my friends are doing now not 3 days ago plz fix this then u will get 5 stars
This is a good facebook app for my phone its fast with a good design :)
the red warriors
Hula movies  .com
I give 3 star
Nice
Love is gold
Very Good
plz fix this problem in next update....otherwise good
M
2 gud
bad update. tried using this update on multiple devices from phones to tablets. app keeps killing itself. constantly showing me posts from days ago even if someone hasn't comment for days. mixes up posts on timeline. I uploaded a video and it placed it so far down my timeline that nobody could see it in there newsfeed. not happy with this app.
...the old one better
Facebook keeps freezes up i have to remove from my phone and then down load again.can you fix this
Facebook - easy
Can't add photos or tag people in them!!!
Ok
I love it
Verygood
good
Facebook use my phone so many storge!
Older version
No customisation options available 4 my pics n statuses...recent posts r nt shown..
Love it
Thnkx for this briliant program !!
I love Facebook it is  the best social media app
Veryyyyyy goooooooood
Better
Can't save pictures
fb
Can't believe there's no longer a recent posts option!  I'm missing heaps of status updates and keep seeing stuff from 2 days ago. Twitter is looking more appealing every day!

Why can't I go offline in anyway!! And even if I click   the off button my friends still can see me online and active 
Sync is totally off timed.. :/
Awsm
nice
Thank user
jouhu123
Wtf old new feeds !!!?
Good but it could be better it feels heavy and data consuming app.
Suprr
It is fun and full of family and friends
My phone is galaxy note 2 but running slow for this new page it's not like the old page before.
Every time I am scrolling it will just freeze for a second then I can start scrolling..otherwise I love this app please fiz!!
Absolutely love this APP quick access
Excellent....
im not one to rate n be critical but bein so frustrated I wana give you lil feedback...this lastest update is giving me a headache ive nvr had my fb load so slow n get frozen so often since ever not ever had this happen almost everything I click freezes n takes long to load. already reset n cleaned out my fone n my signal is fine no other app givin me any probs so kinda guessin its this update not one issue before tht. hopefully the feedback helps thanx n hav nice day:)
Good not bad
Photos in newsfeed won't load. App is too big and takes up too much space. It's a headache to use now. I really expect better but you keep disappointing.
I took me an hour to start the downloading even on high speed wifi.
70mb for an app yhat doesn't even let me know whats going on in my world right now? I use fb to let me know when theres a wreck or something seriously bad is happening on the roads the people from my town use daily. Please fix this !
Social
Problem with photos
it would be very good if we move it to sd-card
Awesome app, but it takes up TONS of space on my phone...
Good
Face book
Worse than ever.  Freezes constantly not just loading the news feed.  Freezes during a status post and while scrolling posts.  Thank God for the mobile site.  Samsung GS4
Not downloading facebook apps
I doesn't work on my micromax bolt A35!! Please suggest something or fix it. Please!!!
Connecting peoples all over www
Good enough:-)
Leon96
Cant update !
Always automatic close.
(y)
Good app
Very good
is awesome
It was fixed and works as expected
I SIMPLY LOVE MY BOOK
When the new update happened, I can't get into Facebook at all, it just kicks me out. Also please get "recent stories back"
Poor
Why is it we can't view or see the album description? that feature is available when I used or open facebook in my desktop? fix it please...
Good
Awesome!!! :))))
Great
Best
Hi hello
Can't copy text..
Nnnoo:(
I just don't like this app because of that if sumonencoments or inbox u, u will open the notification n when u go back its not wher u lefts, ur timeline shows from the 1st post, need to recover this, n other problm is this when u open any page, this app show just sum of posts, no videos or any other thing, need to sort out tjis
I like it
Everytime I go to open the app, it wont let me. It just brings me back to the menu screen after 1 second! I am so downloading the older version!

The Best!
Why the hell is this so large what does this use the memory for my app has a data file of 87mb making the apps total size 125mb what the hell is it using all that memory. this page says that the installed size is 22mb mine is 37mb plus 87mb data
Facsbook
Owsome..super fast
(Y) <3
You might want to update the icon too!
Gud one
Nice
Social media
Keep getting annoying notifications, such as game requests, app invites and tags. Make it so we can block certain notifications and I'll rate you 5 stars
I like it
Love it !!! PERFECT!!!
Best application
Coore gadress fdar
Read it and I approve
Too many funtions missing
fix quickly
Very good app
Xj bt h,.
Nice
Good
Behaves like beta.
J
Very gd application and easy to use
Intersting
201538
its very slow in my samsung galaxy grand
Almost perfect.  But I wish I could send files through message
The video player is so slow that it was very long time to load and watch a short clip! Everything else in fine. Need some improvement here for users who's Internet isn't very fast.
post and enjoyb
Still missing some features that are present in de desktop client.
Love it
something as simple as being able to copy, cut and paste from within the app still isn't possible. what year is this? 1914? also, why can't I save photos from a comments section. the walking dead community always has awesome pics in the comments. for both of these problems I have to open Facebook on my internet browser. why do I even have this app??
This app is veryyy...fine.. ....
I can't log in though this app even if I enter the correct password and user name ! What's wrong with it !!!!! Please reply immediately !!!!!!!
NOLKOSH
Best best
:-)
Make it to be able to copy text
I'm ok with it, as long as it has all the convenient capabilities of the computer version, it's just an app... :)
Crashing a lot
Matt gayo
It good
Most of the time videos wont play !-.- it just freezes then says cant play. Its bloody annoying. Fix it ! Or someone heelp
I was Always told not to fix something if it's not broken. With that being said STOP with updates that only keep completely  messing this app. up Now it is consistently Freezing. If all this Bullshit don't stop facebook will be losing All its valuable customers & revenue. Facebook was so much Better when it first came out. Now with all these unnecessary updates it has slowed down considerably along with having to tap recent news feed rather than it happening automatically is also Insane!
U can what u wamt
Its slow nd boring there should be backgrounds .... this will make it more intresting ........
Every time new updates
best apps
Good
Love it
It's Facebook......
But It's nid some important
Can't live without fb...
Hi
nice for Facebook. not xo badd...
Very slow..
Nice
That sux
Cool
Facebook
23
awesome
Its a good app but like everybody suggests we want to see what is happening now not what happened 6 days ago... Resent post sorting to defult.. Its everybodys request
Please fix! It takes more than an hour for my news feed to load. Most of the time I don't even wait that long I end up logging out early b/c I'm annoyed that I can't see pictures or videos.Then my profile doesn't even load properly. And last not any of my friend's profile would load on either.
Useful
Most bullshit update of the month
Ok
its good app
Love it
I lyk it it is not soo good
my facebook is hanging , when i am updating it why ??
It's okay to use in sending messages.
Cant load any pics or videos, I have updated this app many times but cant find any solution...... it really sucks
Amazin
Much better now
Love it now I have a faster way to reach my family & friends.
Bbong
I really like it
Just need to fix something...it keeps on crashing for almost three times every time i tried to open it,i will give five stars if you fix that
Good
New look and faster controls..sometimes crashes but experince is good.
Faduu  apsss
It occurred too much memory...I hvnt enough space to.update!! Plz solve ds...Xperia neoL
nice
Love it
Useless
Very useless FB app on android ios version is very good hope u will make this app like ios version
OK its fast
Loved it
This app is excellent
awsme
Good job
Love it
Very good
Slow and always not responding
I can't tag all my friends in check-ins!
Through facebook i saw my old nd school frnds
This app is okay, my boyfriend has the same phone as me  (galaxy s4) and he has no issues. However mine tends to freeze or kick me out multiple times a day.
Nice
excelent

its really amazing

Doing better now :)
Always crash
Uh
Nice
Awesome app.
Nice app
some times this app is very slow.
Functionality and support is good, but I miss flexibility. Being able to set most recent as default or at least having it easily accessible. Also, adding the ability to ban group members upon deletion would help immensely
so  nice im very enjoy by using this app    o_O
Maganda
Great
Good
Fair
Sometimes I have friends I didn't ask to be .....DON'T UNDERSTAND THAT
Very useful apps
baldoz
No
good
Superb! Pls add option to save videos just like images.
It needs a customs privacy setting other dan public friends n  only me
Pradhap
Where's the new UI!?
Lo siguen empeorando
idk
Great
Laggyyuyyy...frozen dont scroll
Good
best
Super slow
When replying to selected comments,  they do not appear in the right hierarchy.  When reading comments on a post,  they appear in time order not in reply order, comments seem completely out of context.
Not bad at all..
Fair
App is better but updates are too big size because above 15 MB data will lost on every update ....please short the update size
Slow and freezes on my newsfeed
A must have app for staying in touch with your friends and family.
I dont like
Working great
Why you use camera roll instead galery. It take ages to search picture.  FIX IT...
Finally..
Too good
Awesome application
Sucks
i realy like this
Excellent
Cant open notifications from the notification menu. This facebook app has NEVER been perfect and its frustrating. You guys should probably stop adding stickers to messages and do some serious maintenance.
So slow!!
Works better now on my Samsung tab3 and Samsung galaxy s5 just needed to upgrade my device now it works grate for me
Lovely app but need sm more improvement in upload factor
I'm not able to view most recent post...
Good
Champ
Nigga. XD
Bekar Che
(y)
Facebook
Love it
From 8 months, I'm enjoying and communicated with old buddie
Still slow and rubbish but now hogs all phone resources too. Using Twitter now instead.
Every time I open the app it closes it by itself for no reason I've got a Samsung s2. Its either that or I use it for a couple of minutes then it shuts down ARE YOU GUYS SERIOUS you dont know how to fix a issue over the past three updates aswell not showing the most recent posts COME ON FACEBOOK UP YOUR GAME
This app is dead.
Excellent
Este foarte bun
Very very good

Gudd..
I dont like auto top posts news feed.. i want always recent news feed option back.. plz fix it..
Very nice
It nice....
Facebook
Gooooooooood
So gud
I love facebook i can find my old friends and meet new people .....lmao facebook is my life....sadly haha
Awesome
Excellent
Great!
............awesome
No short cut created so have to go to apps every time
Awsome
When mentioning; limited list of friends exists. Push notifications not working most of the time. When tagging; limited list of friends exists. It's just so frustrating.
I love the idea of nearby friends and everyone I know has it on there app but I do not and would love to have it
Goodle com fackbook friend pepor com
Nice
The application was developed and now it's great 
When i upload photos i cant the high quality in my mobile the same on facebook
Your Facebook update is good however sort out your news feeds as me personally don't know about others are getting news feeds from the beginning of June and that's really not good enough
Facebook app is very beautifu and i like it
Most recent needs to be default.  Enough said
App is good 4 android but one I want 2 remind u if the copy paste option as available in comments section should be available in post section. Hope u understand what I want 2 tell u. Thats why 4 star. Otherwise I give 5.
This app sucks. The #1 reason for the decline of the modern family.
My favorate media of all
Way too much update..its not a joke to download the update twice a week..
Like the old Facebook better . It didn't take up so much space.
Newsfeed can't be permanently set to most recent, missing lots of posts. Overall usability is not good! Updating in reverse if you ask me...
Perfect now chat my friends anytime
Good aap
Friends
Can't even be activate at all after update!
Too good
Great
Good kp gng
Hello
Good Application
All good except for the fact that this new way to view videos is constantly making my phone freeze every time I get to a new one. Which is pretty often.
Gud
Tamanna
Nice app
awesome
The application works great, but it would be great if you could make it smaller in size and more efficient.
Love
I just dont get the idea why it's not working on my phone. That's why i have to browse facebook in browser and i hate it.
is there really anything new?  I found no improvement. Its performing very poor now a days. The speed is very disappointing and its eating more battery than ever. Please FIX it asap!
Good
Waiting for Facebook app on tablet
Nice app. I like it..
Post sorting MUST improve!
Nice to use
Yes
The update SUCKS!
LOUSY. Y i cnt open it??!! PLS FIX IT
Very useful and easy.. And flaw less
Tss
Has become intolerable!
Very nice app loved it
don
Good bt a bit slow..make it more faster.
Bhanupratap Rathore
Loved it
Too slow.....
Fb
Awesome
I guess it does what it claims to do?
I like
Not bad
like
I love it
Excellent
Love it all the way
Thanks
Nice
Very bad app dont open
Snabb och bra
I'm able to see my extend family members pictures and videos of their families and friends :-)
I like it so much
Fine
Ilovefacebook
Sometime hang over fb, not fix pixess bug  pls improve this problem solutions
syoklaaaa kenal-kenal-kenal kenalaan¡­
Sort time is best app love
Nice
I hope I can save the sync photos.
This app won't even let me download it !
People are complaining that it's 22mb or even up to 90mb...but mine is 180mb... I downloaded this because it couldn't be that big. 25mb is like nothing. Then I check my application settings to see this... Not to mention fb has always been a terrible app to begin with lol it always seems to get worse. This is amateur work.
Fyh
It's got a lot of bugs and instability problems since the last update.
Works just fine to me....
I need to attend some workshop with you to understand some of the things you do. Thanks
This page is very nice I like it
Keeps crashing
Very usefull
Nic
Nice app
It is super duper slow and shows a problem of network error.....no shows of bday's in short it is a most poor app..
Nice for android
Good app
Great app!
like
We need a custom button when i makr a new statues to hide it from a custom people .. facebook have this on disktop and windows operation system , not here
Nice
Baby new born.
Easy to use and chat with friends
i love india
Fast
Need to put recent posts as default

I'd like to see it go back down on memory usage as well as needed storage space. Its rather large and I don't feel the need to upgrade phones cause of app sizes. The recent post sorting feature needs to be put back in the app as well, not sure why it was removed to begin with. Ill give 5 stars when these issues are addressed. The apps quality is degrading with every update.
This app is rubbish!! Freezes for ages even turning my phone on and off doesn't fix it. Give up . SOMEONE FIX THIS APP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Yo Yo Ghani
Ok so I have a moto g , whenever I install it I get an error " Unknown error code during application install -24" can someone help? My fb id is Kshitiz.
Nice
i wish i can save all photos from chat, not only 6 like now!
Hiiii
Kip it up
Facebook is awesome. I live being able to stay updated on my people
nice
The lover
Not bad
Ok
So DLL do
Instead of showing top posts in main view you should have shown most recent. It make the app user unfriendly. Please improve it.
why not still gave us the ability to create docs in facebook group? is that really hard to make? come on we dont need this useless update addition, tags hell..
Dont use any other softwares. Its realy excellent.
5000increment
Nice app
I like it facebook
Nice app
Good
Its superbb
Ok
Can't play videos. Crashes every time.
Yes
Nice update
Well...what can I say...it's Facebook
1 no.......
FACEBOOK.........
High network usage
Love this application...but one option of copy and paste is missing..please add the feature and release a update. Rest it is a gud application.
My best friend I love muzic
1) Replying an comment option                                        2) Tagging option on pics after it's uploaded.
Really good app because you can take Facebook with you on the go.
Its ok
After update the sucks it always crashes video and message apperas saying "sorry,this video cannot be played" get it fix please
Every day it gets heavier, gets bigger...
Good
Really its like family . u share all your sorrows and happiness
Since last update hyperlinks don't open, the screen just goes black. Also, I'd like the option to view stuff the old way, by the time the original status was posted, not when there was "activity" on he status. Also suggested pages and people I might know aren't new stories. And reintegrate messaging. I don't want a separate app.
My life...sooo gooddd hehee
Awesome
Super love it.,
Love this app on the galaxy tab 3
The app is getting to big for my phone after every update. Sought it out as I'm having to remove apps to make room.
Bring back the option of sorting the posts to read, most recent etc.
But why does ios still have a better looking app?
Have alot of firend
Feed is messed up and doesn't show all posts PLUS it's friggen irritating where the recent posts option is placed
Good app
Pics
Trying it out
Freezes and force closes all the time
Fast and nice new look ...
Tanks
It is a awsome
Its good
One things I didn't like is I don't want to know what happens 3 or 4 days ago..the things I want most recent
Complicated and would like to see recent posts not old ones
I loved it
Just install and enjoy the Facebook..... I knew it
It is great
Five star
and it works. Nothing more needs to be said really.
Good
A dead monkey could crap out a better app
Loved it
Syed Abbas zaidi
Plz give option for copy n paste any post.. we can only copy comments not post.. its not there in android..

Battery consuming and so lag
Gooooooood
Beef Baja
Very good
Showing incorrect Notification number. Save photo option not working. Working once in 20 times.
It
Hate being the last to know everything! set recent post as default!
Not getting notification
Love it
Ohh nice...
Good
Very bad perform waste of data...
Luv it!!
Nice
New additions great.
Good ....
It's ok
Gc
It is way to large far download it takes up to many space on the device should make it smaller plus it still have a bug
Too much space taken
.
When this big problems are fixed I will give you 5 stars
Update is awesome .. ;) :)  Keep it up :D
Fix samething..i like fb
The old design was more easy and better than the new one I wish this app to return to thr the old design :)
Foulger

Plx increase TAGGING no.s......make it 100 people nt 50.... Plx include option to get notifications of pages
News feed should show what's new. Not random posts from a week ago. I want to know what people are doing today,  I don't want to wait until Facebook decides the post should be at the top
Awesome App
I don't like it when it beeps every time someone posts on those groups.
Nice
I love all the things but it doesn't work properly please try to improve it....!
It helps me to connect Facebook more faster
Good
Vv poor
Its ok but to many updates and yet its still the same. Nothings different after every update which an update is recommend almost every 2 days.
Halo
the recent post sorting to default. I don't want to know what happened 8 hours ago.
Muthu
good overall!!!
Gud
Great
Everytime i post a picture and while reviewing the picture later on it start to hang and turn everything grayish and i hated..they need to fix that tho...
This many permissions to access the phone is simply unnecessary to provide a good service. (Such as GPS). Give us options to deny certain permissions to this app (such as phonebook access and GPS), and allow other permissions which we find useful.
Love it
nice
It freezes alot and thats very frustrating....it tends to crash when am loggin in...plsss...imptove it and ill give five stars! :)
It is good not very good
Love it
Sunday last year's McKeesport reunion 2013
want to also chat wed u
Nyccc.
Welcoming FACE BOOK IN MY LIFE BRIGHT HAPPINESS LIFE FRIENDS LIVE& CONTACT  FACEBOOKS GIVES PLEASURE. HAPPY LIFE FUN & KNOWLEDGE
Nice app

This new version sucks! You cant organize your newsfeed. I hate it!
It's ok
Anil
Exlent
Bring back the most recent post then I'll rate it good
Updates are result making it better...  It works faster now
<3 <3 <3 <3
Lukhvinder singh
I loved it
Whenever I play videos on Facebook, doesn't matter which one. It keeps saying that it's error and it cannot play, now I can't even open facebook because it keeps freezing and don't tell me to reinstall and all because I'm way ahead of that and it doesn't do anything. Fix this please, its so annoying. Thanks
Excellent
Jai maa jhandewali
Please do an update that allows us to block certain friends from seeing posts..
I'd give it more stars but it's like I don't have control of it. It won't let me see the most recent posts and refreshes whenever it wants to. I'm pretty sure I can decide when and what i want to see.
I like this
All it needs is to show the lasted news feeds because I see different news feeds from different days
Frequently fb is not responding...u have to send feedback each time u open fb ..
Like it
Ok
Good
Update again
Loved it
It good but too much take a room I cant download another apps Sorry Have to unistall it
Good
Good
Plsss fix this problem, it eat's a lot of memory in my phone storage and my internal memory are only small it takes it all the space plsss fix that prob thanks!
Basically all I want is for the most recent news feed to be the default and only news feed I have to look at. Still a cheap looking layout but it would work. NEED DEFAULT MOST RECENT FEED!
Like
It's very good application
It's so awesome.
:! although I was able to move it in my SD Card ,it uses way too much internal memory !
That is all I am watching on Facebook when refreshing the page. Wtf
I looove facebook x
the new update is d worst i could ever imagine..it takes long tym to load & d if anyone msgs me,i receive d msg too late after 2 hrs..hate dis update
Sometimes like button doesn't work that you have to click on the photo and like.Would have been great if share option is given.
Loved it
Good and fast
Love it
Along with everyone I don't wanna know what people did yesterday, I don't want to see things people did months ago in my News Feed either.
Whenever I post,I cannot delete it or edit it...please add this option in app....
Uhhh Love it
I used to hate this app. Can't really fault it now.
:)
Facebook
This app works fantastically . But the problem is it's look so old . Old version have better appearance .
Amazing updates easier to use
Your app is getting worse and worse. Have it tested properly before putting out so mamy updates...
Little slow
Good
Eh its alright
Poor software
good
Need more fum thinq$..
But its no internet version doesnt give u as much options but is easy to use
Mobil Samsung & LG Mobil
First of all it says "error occured during sign in" whenever I try logging in¡­was working well before¡­and as well as its slow now¡­would be much appreciated if matter is solved soon
It could be better
It doesn't even deserve 1 star. When ever I try to login it gives an error.
Unable to chat
Yes , i liked it
On trying to tag friends in comment only some names show up... Others just don't. Fix dis for nw... Ll update in case I get smthing more...
Sorry about my previous reviews..pretty good now and enjoying it...just can you help me out with my android...Each time I install Facebook or the messenger my droid gets slow...
bindu
Hope the app be more creative
Works well
Lovely
ÎÒÅóÓÑµÄÓB±»³ÔÁË£¬×îÐÂÓBÒ»Ö±Í£ÔÚÒ»Ð¡rÇ°µÄµ«Ã÷Ã÷È¥ÅóÓÑ¾WíÓÐÐÂÓB
Nice
Have just got a link on my home screen rather than use the app. The app is rubbish
Nice
Goog
nice apps
Love it
Nice
Bongga
Tells you what people did 3-4 days ago but not what theyre doing today
Like it
Cant even log in tried every possible way...
Not good so hard to install
I love it..
Best giller..
Manish yadav
Its good app though others are not using it in a good way.
Sync-ing failed
like
Works like charm :-)
It crashes alot and watching what people said 4 days ago doesn't keep me connected it keeps me behind.... I Wana know what's happening now
It takes so much time to open
....sometimes this app is getting into my nerves...it was like uninstalling on it's own...that's why i have to reinstall it again...it happens to me several times....but i like it somehow
But Can't copy and paste statutes
Its most popular social network in this whole worlddddd.. i think they should be serious about making this app. Its the slowest app i have probably ever seen. :-(
Very cool

Can never view a picture. I just get a loading logo. Samsung galaxy S3
Why I can't download it !!!
Like it
there will be a photo comment option
n
Since update can't watch videos
Facebook
Its poor due to the lags I get when I have good internet, the freezes I now get from the update, also quits automatically. :(
Says it needs to update but everything it starts to it says invalid code error
Good
Im using Sony Xperia Z2 phone now. Everytime I want to watch video posted on Facebook, it keeps giving me error message. Phone not spoil and my Internet connection is perfect. This happens even when im using 3G data and wireless connections.
Appreciate ph access as reg internet down tonight n lots to do.  Love fb messenger app too.  Fb is great. Tnx!!!
Very useful and interactive
That her
Hope to get next update with fast features. It takes takes long time to load .
ThiS iS woNdeR fuL aPp buT takes Very MuCh memory
Overall this app isn't bad, wouldn't use it as a primary however.
Try
Cannot open photo
Yaaassssss .
Bit slow..
Waitin and Updating
good
It literally freezes like 3 times a day and won't work unless I restart my S4.
I love this app
nice pro
USES too much space!
Nice one.But It is slow...
developer facebook ni asyik dok tido ja.. apps pun boring gila -_-
Keep pop out the error msg.  Saying that this video couldn't be play. What happened? It happended all the time. Please fix this
facebook sometimes make me happy, sometimes boor...  but it is good apps.
Performs well.
updated
5*
After update i can't watch videos posted the video shutdown.
Hate having to use feeds to view most recent stories.
I want to choose whether I'm seeing recent or top stories..I don't like it now. Change it back, please and thanks!
And now the news feed lags, won't scroll smoothly and quick like before this latest update.
Full kadak haina bhai log
Great,app
Good job
Good app
good hai
Its nice
Cannot be logged in when ol it say is error being occured
So good
Yes
I like this
Can't open my facebook since last night. Other websites are ok and fast.
Hello

Very Good
Super for my phone
Good
Great app I have not had any issues with it...
So slow.
Pictures don't load for ages if at all,  slow to respond, have to force close app regularly!!!! Heap of shite to be honest!!! Fix it and I'll fix my rating and comment!!!
K
But it is so annoying cuz it will not show recent posts
This is my fav
Awsome app
Nice
always crashes on my android 2.3.5...bring back the old version..
Can u make it to store  on memory card it takes up too many space on my phone
Good app
Thnx for fixing my problem.
It's not fast.
Sometimes its slow but works very well.......I 5 star it because its alot better then internet
Lick
Video's not playing takes forever to load plz fix kills my battery want the app to have more speed and improvement 

Meh
Much good
COOL!!!!!!
Djmaaza
Below Average
Facebook is dope
It was taking approximately 50+ MB of my phone system mmory...please make it low.
It Really Gud App 2 Find Frnds all over the World....Its A simple way 2 Share our Feelings wth all our Frnd around Us.
Everytime i want to open video in facebook...the vids crash..had to click 3 times...lol..fix the video pleaseee
Nice one
I really don't like it 3stars need to get better please wasting my time and sh@#
By suddenly change a language w/out noticed. .sucks...
No copy paste option. No image posting option in comment.  Albums of pages can't be viewed!
Superb
Very nice
I like this messenger
I like it :)
I'd like message without every permission under the sun.
I  find them. them find mi
Love u
Wen memory is free bt tis app doesn download at all
Thumbs up
Facebook is great...
It's just okkk.. not so good.
Love it
ramanababu
<3
poor ... ihate this
You got my 5 stars
Each update is slowly.getting better....Seems to be ok'ish. Couple of annoyances...main one being you can't reply directly to other people's comments like you can in the browser version. Please add that capability. Surely that can't be hard compared to all the other pointless changes you've made? Just sayin'.
Gay
Have to uninstall and than install again but still facebook not working probably pliz do something
Nice
I want to know what's up now, not to get the news a day or two later! ""FIX IT NOW""!

Slow
App randomly keeps freezing and wont do anything. Have to uninstall and reinstall almost twice a day. Highly annoying to say the least.
You people astound me.
A must have for all the android users.
Hey fb team! Please also have emoji for facebook app that will no longer require as to download emoji keyboard. Just like in fb messenger. Please. It will be a great feature too!!
Love the update!
Latest update has caused the app to load then freeze 70% of the time
b
the best
It has been going down hill in the last couple of updates I personally think that it was better before updates where done
La ¨²ltima versi¨®n est¨¢ Super chula.
36347
Wont take password
Dj rex
Getting better, STILL NOT GETTING ANY NOTIFICATIONS THOUGH.
Never loads just keeps saying no internet connection
Remember me
Khan
So nice, enjoyable
so helpful... God bless..
Great application
Anyone who complains about this app doesn't have a nexus based device. I may have a galaxy note 2 now but I think this app is so priceless
I am so sick of FB. Used to be,  I could scroll down the posts for as long as I wanted. Now after a little while, the page resets itself and some posts even disappear. Does the same thing on my notifications page. I think I'm gonna quit wasting my time. Sucks!!!
Love this app....slow without it.
Ever since latest update cannot get onto facebook keeps coming up force close/ report whatever I click nothing happens. I've had to un install  updates and it goes all the wsy back to original factory version not good.
Lags up too much on galaxy s4 vzw
Best time paas
I'm going blind here.
It would be sweet if it didn't freeze up and freeze my phone up...thumbs down
Need some work in some areas
Why is it on the iPhone you can reply on people's comments and on the Android you can't... that is  fucked up please update so I can have a more interesting day Thank you very much
Excellent
I encountered problems upon downloading this application.
dislike the new version!!!
verygood
AWesome
Adding features is always welcome. App is getting better with every update.
Ok cool
It would not even lodging
Dont like this app, too many updates too often
Cantik
Good
Sala bilkul bakwaas aap ho gai jab se apdete new aai hai. Total bakwaas sali
I found everything same as old version :/ whats new?
Very bad download and some times stop working
Half of the screen Is already occupied by status bar, app bar and then navigation tabs, and home and back button at the bittom. It's even hard to see one full content at a time.
Very good app
Exelent app
It's how I stay in touch with everyone. Gratitude is being expressed in your general direction fb!
Working
What's dis error 500???
Overall the app is great. There is one problem that screws up. When you scroll down long way in the news feed and open a video or a suggested page or a picture and when you go up, the news feed starts from all the above again and you have to go all the way down to where you were. Fix it ASAP please.
Luv it
Facebook are not responding
3 stars less until facebook brings back recent post sorting to default. I don't like to be the last to know what's happening right now!
Good app
Loved it!!
Amazing
Its always freezing whenever i want to check my notifications amd shutting down.
Give back original Facebook! If you don't, Give more improvements!
Please fix! I want to see recent posts as default setting. What sense is it to have to search for them?  I miss half of their posts! This is not acceptable!
7873
Uninstall keep telling me check my internet connection even my connection is very strong
Fix
Super
Now just need is the speed takes time too update when I upload a pic it takes time to update
Update apps. Its not open in samsung note2 na s3
Greatest
Paresh k
excellent
Nice
Good
good software
Superb nice apps
Loganathan
love it
I love it
This perfomance is good
This is the worst version of Facebook I've ever experienced! If I could uninstall the update only! I would! Notified me for weeks that I was using an old version! Updated! Wish I hadn't! Keeps crashing!
love it
Super
Every thing is gud but it sucks when ever i click on a video it's getting closed
When I go to review a post someone tags me in, I keep getting a trouble loading tap to retry screen.
Like it
Not downloading on my device
God
Hangs too much .... I m going to uninstall this app :(
Mr
It was not showing new updates recent updates f***ing app
Sucks
The news feed being so random is really annoying, why can't it appear chronologically?
So goods...
Come join facebook now.
Fix the news feed is stuck on top stories but I can't switch to most recent. Please make a switch that you move from one to the other
Very Good working & talk to friend very easy. So buetyfull facebook way. More improved a Facebook pl'c... pl'c... pl'c...!!
The Facebook app sucks
Good but it's new version is so slow...
AwesOme.
Good
In free time it's really good
Awesome !!!!
I have had facebook for four years and with every update I am getting more and more frustrated. The app is glitchy, doesn't load statuses, comments or photos without having to refresh the app a number of times. The notifications menu button constantly sticks and doesn't load. Conveniently however, the only thing that works perfectly is the advertisements down the side!!!! Get it together facebook!!!!!
Mullerswl
When I first download it to my S4 It was working fine. Few days later and it keeps giving me Unknown Error. News Feed and Time Lines won't load. Like I have no connection.  I've tried it all from deleting the data to uninstalling.  Nothing works.
Its All Bullshit Really Takes Forever To Download & Afterwards It Will Stop Working It Was Better Without All The Updates Fix This Crap People.
Too large
Joshua@agustin
Perfect
Rediculus app I have ever used don't download native facebook app is far better howcan I uninstall this update
There should be an options to download videos.... there r few other apps, which allows to download videos frm fb...
Ok
The permissions required invade our privacy. They don't need access to my Google config, they want it so that it makes it easier to mine our information.  I'm glad that I don't have anything personal in this phone
Nic
no copy paste option thts y we dnt lyk if u add copy paste option on screen thn we can called its a complet app and also 1 more  in this app its required lots of sPaCe
Best thing ever
#itsonlyent..
I soo regret updating this app I liked it the way it was. It won't even show me who's online and who's not anymore..... wtf  Please fix it
I like facebook
App is jumpy and doesn't load consistently. Get rid of top stories as well.
Best app.
I look at Facebook continuously and before the update never had problems. The update were you can now watch the video without clicking on go idea horrible on phones. My friends post vids all the time; all I want to do is scroll through looking at pics, yet I get stuck at every video while I wait for it to load wether I want to see it or not. If I was facebook id take this new feature off.
Not able to open FB after todays updated galaxy s2. Please advise!!!
I love Facebook app
It helps my business
Nice 1
I don't care what was was going on 2 days ago on here, give me the option to have a time period in my news feed.
They still haven't added back the feature to sort the statuses "Most Recent" instead of random top stories.
Recent posts first pleeze!!!
Hey
Exlent
Waw
great site
I like itt
Ok but know every time must download back n know can't download so defecult
It works good
Very nice app. I m lovin it
Killa great
Chat sucks!
it consumes more space. Also posts & comments in Tamil language are not completely visible to read
I cant download! I use to have it but I uninstalled because it was acting up, I tried re-installing and I cant!!! WHY?
I love it. It works fine on my device.
Facebook
Stopped as ****
Verygood
Tnx.....
Not too bad
Awesome app
Nice
facebook
Love it
FB is a great app.  Works beautifully.
Worst update ever. Consumes too much data and battery.
Good
I had so many times update.. Bt evrytime i receive inbox n want to read or reply...it'll always back to the status.. Really irritating.... Fix tht plzz!! I'll gv 5 star aftr tht...why the memory raise to 22 mb?? Too large....
Facebook
nice 2 mach
Its very slow
What an app excelent.....
Very slow
I feel that facebook should not have the option of placing a free call.... why by exp i have had many issues with guys that are either perverts or stalkers should be removed for everyones safety and if i want anyone to call me it should be my choice to give people my number please remove free call option thank you
Loving it!
Nice to download
Good
Soooooo much easier than going online
Very good!
FB is undoubtedly the best n most popular social networking apps in da world
Toooooo good
App which is of no use
Very nice :)
Have a new HTC phone. Only Facebook is slow on my phone. Takes forever to load pics. Also Facebook come up with updates every week and they make it worst than before everytime.
Great way to connect friends
Judy K Steele
Whenever i play any video....it crashes... Please fix.
sk
Why !!!! Fix it please
Having to scroll through a menu to access most recent news is annoying, I don't care about the "top stories", all of that is week old news... and after opening most recent from the menu, it loads up to three old hour news and then displays old news from a day ago and refuses to update. Horrible.
updations are making the app size too heavy. Consuming a lot of space of my phone.
When i try to delete stuff from my profile, it stops working and closes
Too big, make it simpler
Less functionality and more ram usage and more memory
Love love
app constantly freezes while scrolling through my newsfeed,  app also force closes.. Please fix
Super
Some things you need, and others you dont. Whatever the case is, the app works as expected.
Ok

Good app
#friends#friendship#family#relationship#happy#sad#moment

Nice app
Three for more improvement.
Awesome
It's all right
Way too big now!!!! Don't like the fact that I have to have audio notification, I like it when it would let me have only vibrate. I'm not interested in this app anymore, about to uninstall it!!!!!!
Hate that my timeline refreshes randomly while I'm looking at something and it  forces close alot. Takes up too much memory space It also takes forever to log in #NeedsFix
Useless!
Thank you for that app it's very nice
Awesome
Thz iz amazing
Good
Always fcs. Can't send messages
Aku senang
It's great app, but it takes too big memory space. It will be perfect if not takes big memory space on device.
please bring it more faast
Awsome
Fine I love it and there's nothing wrong date you can text pictures you could look at funny stuff
W
I love using Facebook but it's annoying that when I'm on my phone I can't share a video directly to someone's messages and instead have to post on their wall or my own. Iphones are able to do this and it's really annoying that the option isn't available on androids. Please fix this
Can update bc it takes too much memory.
Nice
Love my FB app....
The application keeps closing after I view a post or two.. sometimes I'm lucky and it closes after 5 posts... plz fix it!! I'm changing to other apps and seriously considering uninstalling Facebook if it takes lots of space and I CAN'T use it!
Awsm
I have notifications disabled out of habit to save battery life
I like it
I can't download! why?
Very good thank you
Atleast it opens.. way to go for 5 stars..
Nice app
Ahuja
Update not good. I can't see most recent post.  Plz back to the last update.
Its not very good but better than other
Wasted man !!! M missing the earlier version. . .
Not going to update because of the issue with "top stories" default on news feed.  Annoying! 5/16/14 - found the "recent" stories selection for the newsfeed but would still prefer to have "top stories" removed or at least,  not the default setting.
Cant watch videos since the update! Even ones that I uploaded!!! Reported the issue and havent got any responce.
Why ?
§²§å§ã§ã§Ü§Ú§Û §ñ§Ù§í§Ü §Ô§Õ§Ö?
Vry
Day per day coming updates and app memory increased .. high memory eating ..
Daily daily you put a update on 8 July a update was there now 17 July waoo..  great job..  do one  thing bring updates daily it will be much better for you..
Excellent

Nice
Owsme
Actually, the app is good.  It is more convenient to use than the older version.. The only problem here is, there are times that it takes time on loading!!! And apparently it takes up too much space in my storage .. I can't save any more applications without the "Low on space!" warning popping out!
No frills.
Not able to play videos
Hate fb
Putik yan ayaw ma download...
Hii
Update is SUCKS!
When click on notification app is not opening. More over unnecessary permissions to theft personal data.
Fantastic
Great
Good
Farhiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
The new looks is awesome. Very neat and munch easier to navigate. But crashes all the time when i 4th to play fb video. Please look into this asap. Thanks.     PS: Reinstall fb app, and it's solve my problem.
Improving
Good
Hassain ad
Like it really.
too much spaces!
Nice app
I like seeing my friends updates, but I do not like the freezing that ensues.  Having to uninstall and install is a hasel.
Wow...its a nice to chatting my friends and relatives...thanks
Appearance just like the online version freezes and crashed for no reason,  it looks like it's getting worse on each update
I wish this app,transfer to my SD card,, because it consumed a lot of space
Nyc
It takes a lot of space storage in your phone
...nice n good to have this.
Over all its a gr8 app. However I guess after the last update I m facing scrolling prob. I m using S4. Plz check the issue
Uses way to much data....
Love!
Pls can u fix this app..
stopedgooggel+
It is amazing I can talk to all of my friends.
Application takes up to much of my phones memory.. right now it takes up one third of my phone memory.. and can't transfer to my sd card
DO NOT UPDATE!!! Needs way too much space!
Facebook application updating problem..
You won't get any stars from me until you drastically reduce the file size.

But idek how to log out I tried multiple times but there's no button for it.
Running better. Altho when i try to share sumthing the app still shuts down.
Nice.
Make an app to big ppl can't update Facebook ur going downhill make to store on SD card
Only wants to work half the time. Too big. Keep having to report it
I Like y this app.
Getting better and better! Love the improvements!
It's taking 50+ mb on my ram! Can you minimize the memory please? Thanks.
Nice aap good

Very nice
Facebook please bring back the option to download video whenever we want to watch a video posted. There are also numerous bugs.
Superb
Sick App!! Suck!!
For crying out loud, it's been nearly 2 months if not longer! How come I still have an error loading news feed message as well as one that says it can't retrieve notifications?! Well, at least it's a free app cause this is ridiculous.
It's slow down.
The app is way to understand, is organized and the most effective way for me to use facebook
Past update sucks... Messed up my Facebook "Recent" & "Top Stories". It actually doesn't update new updates. Another annoyance is that if I comment on a news/page thread People reply to my comment but I can't respond on my thread, it comes out separately. Even if you tag their name it untags it so they never get the response. Put the unfollow button back for our very popular friends! Wish had the ability to block app requests on mobile. And I hate that can't block friends from private messaging me.
Requires too many permissions
This apps s great but plz decrease the memory its too big so i didnt updat...........
Get "Facebook is not responding" too much.
Love it
App
Black
Awesome app
This app is so gay it takes a lot of space useless
Good to get in touch with people
Nice
Great way to keep in touch with family and friends but lordy it can be slow as hell sometimes and if Ur out of the area u live forget it unless you have wifi!!!!
Love Fb even tho it's getting old lol
Facebook is for everyone.
Super Best
Love you Facebook
When connected to wifi will not load nor show pictures that people have uploaded please do something to fix this
Little bit slow
wordfull
Kaylan walley
takes up too much space
it takes up too much space for its downlaod file for this app
Good app
love
Recent upgrades leave me with force closes when I try to load friend's pictures, or no pictures will load at all... Can't even use my "friend stream" to access the pics.
Rather than increasing the memory used, can u add search features in group like in fullsite group pages ????
Like wtf this app takes up way to much space im probably gonna uninstall the app give me  some room for more apps i wanted  i mean i can use the browser and not take up any space so yea i thank uninstall is good idea
We love it
J
I want to see all post from my friends, not just the ones that are popular or get likes.
Yea
It will not download
Likes don't stay liked. Photos don't show up all the time. Eats tons of memory when not being used. Uninstalling...
141967
For liking that particular page one needs to open it first and then like it....plz fix this..
This should be allowed to be moved to the sd card. At approximately 70 MB this app is the largest on my phone. It's pointless having such a large app on phone memory!
App has much improved over the years. My biggest issue still is the same as the site in that it keeps changing the time line to top stories instead of most recent. Except it's much easier to change on the full site.
Trying to install since yesterday. No results.
Like
Yep
Love it
Good.
So much good
to
The new update suck!
Fast loading and clear...
Love u
Good performantion like it..
Slow not so good
Can't open it suddenly
I can't live
Noman
It takes too much time to load pic n post after this update, even after running on 3g/Wi-Fi network... Its Disappointing....
It made me uninstall then reinstall.
Takes too long to load. Can't see pictures. Can't play videos. Fix this please!
I don't want to see yesterday's posts, I want to see most recent!  Please fix!
this is rediculous i can barely download any apps...the size is too big and takes up most space on my phone.. 89mb is too big
Awesome
So easy to use this app!!
Yes

Why does Facebook degrade the quality of it's photos so dramatically? THIS IS WHY I PREFER TO USE GOOGLE+ FOR ALL MY PHOTOS...Ok. Done venting. Deleting FB from my phone.
Great app!
nice apps
after updating, this app is not at all working. older version was much much much better..
Cant see any videos since i updated it!
Like it
it take 90mb on idle., unistalling.,
the notification doesn't appears anymore
After reading all recent reviews not going to fall for the facebook update.still a 1 star app but if had option for 0 stars thats what it would get
Needs to be updated every other day...requiring huge download of cumbersome code for questionable 'improvements'.
Please fix some bugs..and make it fast reloading..thank you..hope soon.
Great way to connect socially, unless "YOU A ZOMBIE!"
Good
Love love
Do you guys even read these reviews?!?!?! Why do we have to press "most recent"?!?! We don't want to see what people did hours or days ago!!!! Dumbbbbbbb!!!!
The application works pretty well! Non-Freezing at all and is pretty accurate...
Very nice this one app, thanks a lot!
This happens with every update. Don't know what the problem is to just keep the loaction when commenting when it's turned on.
One of the best ever apps to keep in touch with the mammoth number of people.
Why you don't have the option to pick between top stories and most recent full time is so dumb. You could before now you can't.....
Mast
Great app. SINCE LAST UPDATE ALL  VIDEOS ON FACEBOOK FREEZE!  PLEASE LET ME CHANGE MY PROFILE PIC TO AN EXISTING ONE WITHOUT CROPPING AND RESAVING! PLEASE FIX THANKS
Facebook
I have been downloading this app for well over an hour now, my tablet is right next to the wifi box and still only 79% done! WTH?
I like this
FACEBOOK gives me a great freedom in life. I'm not ashamed po post anything i want to post. I can enjoyed chatting with unable to reach friends of mine. Also by looking friends account you may knew what they really are, not all. But for me just clicking Like for someone post means a lot cause it's reminds them that i'm with them sharing love & spending time to read and comment their posted message means they are important to me. A million thanks to q fb.
Awesome
Its constantly freezing up and can never watch videos no way will I give ir more than one star
Posts still take forever to load.
Like it
Ramana
I hate this new update it will not load on my phone or my husbands phone
Excellent . Connection with all age old friends
I just got my new phone and I added Facebook and selected for my existing contacts be linked to their Facebook. EVERY SINGLE FACEBOOK FRIEND IS NOW IN MY CONTACTS along with the contacts I already have. I tried to get Facebook to delete them and it kept them there. This worked well on iPhone but it sucks on Android.
Its coo but sum times slow ghee
Its good social network to get in touch with your friends and relatives
Vino
just wish it would store on the SD card. Program has gotten way too big
Good New Design
Couldn't load videos
I like this
slow speed
Hii
Many great improvements. Great job Facebook app programmers.
Click on the 'More' tab (the fifth option to the far right), scroll a little ways down to the 'Feeds' and it should be the first one. Overall a good app, Facebook has its own problems this app doesn't fix any of them.
Worth nothin
Great
I am not satisfied with this app. It takes more time to load and I get irritated by this. Another thing is when I search for anything and it shows perfectly But if I modify the term and search, it doesn't show anything. All I will get is blank. I should go back and search again.. why it takes Soo much memory and space.. Devs fix it soon.
Valuable
After the latest update FB has been a real junk n hanging its far better to use whatsapp
Fantastic
For good sarvice
Need to view newest posts first ...come on guys!!    Please fix this or at least give us the option!!!!!
Good and interesting and keeps people updated
Very good
Awsome, but will rate 5 stars if you would fix the long downloading thing. Angel out.
Zero star. Toooooo slow. Old version is much better
Working ok on my s4
I like how the old one was set up
One
Look up in a down world. God loves. You
It takes to long to update and I've had to report a problem so many times it's either my news feed or my notifications that I have to keep reporting or rebooting my system or it keeps telling me it's not responding get it together
It's good facebook improve very much...I love it
Facebook is a revolution
Cause of argue hehhe
Facebook
Love facebook
yes ganda tlgs facebook
Cool
Madd11son
Good and can be better
Every other time this app gets updated it ends up crashing every time I open it. It freezes on one status and refuses to scroll.
SPENT 20 MINUTES ON A COMMENT. TRIED TO EDIT IT. MISCLICKED AND DELETED IT. MAKE A WAY TO UN DELETE IT. OR A CONFIRMATION SAYING, DO YOU WANT TO DELETE? THIS ISNT MY FIRST TIME...... DIDNT GIVE ANY WAY TO UN CLICK THE ACTION........  Videos dont send anymore. They act like they are then on the final part just says failed after 2 minutes of "final buffering"  -_-  crashes alot.. Pictures and picture comments don't load. Can't see music Iliked... And quick photo previews before you send them are gone now....
I cant downlpad vids. Now and it keeps crashing plss fix!!!!
Love it
Have to use it right?
Best ever a good way to connect with friends
This app used lot off data and worked verry slow..slow lags and crashes all the time If u will use facebook in uc browser ...u deffinatly uninstall this app
It takes lot of memory usage!  I hate it!
Invalid URI???
Awsome
Facebook updation
Gj
Facebook....gotta luv it!
I loved it
Gdoubeood
With the latest update this app sux. I'm using my browser for Facebook now due to the horrible load time.
Since last update, app is too slow and pictures are not loading at all. Very disappointed. It was working silk smooth before the update. I'm using home WiFi. Please fix . .       And now my phone hangs .... worst update... update info says that the update is for speed and reliability... LOL....
Mast h.....
Thanks for this social networking.....
BEST APP EVER!!! LOVE IT!
Menyukainya
Are
Using facebook on the browser on the phone seems more easier than on the app. The app is lagging too much lately, it constantly freezes and when i want to post something it doesn't upload the post. This update sucks bolas.
fix the bug...
Loving it
This app is slow as s#:t. If you're not on a 4g network, expect to spend forever watching the loading screen.
Facebook
Its awesome
Please fix ..will not load any pictures or video. Never had a problem till the last update please please fix ....galaxy s3
S3
Good for nothing
Good app
For every update there is it increases in size... Would like if it STAYED AT 12MB... Also, what are all these updates for? If it doesn't fix nothing.
Its a Great app but takess To muchh Spaceee xDD !!
I'm not a avid Facebook user this app takes up way too much space not a fan of a lot of adds I log in then uninstall then re download maybe once a month...
very poor
I think it would be great to view the most recent on the home screen rather than "most popular". At least give the option to have what we want on the home screen.
Bad
Make the video able to download....first : your video player is too slow....second : I don't want to see the video just one time in my life I want to download it and watch it in my phone.....third : there is so many ways to hack the app and make the video able to download 
File is way too big and it wont let me upload videos
Add the option to see most recent posts.  So frustrating see things from last night first thing in the morning.  Plus I miss out on opportunities.  Please fix!
Fabiulso

It never loads the pictures! Basically I'm staring at empty photo boxes all the time
I like it
Too large of an app
killian
Get notified when friends like and comment on your posts
Wow

It's better...but still loads slow.
The update won't download should just leave this app the way it was way back when, I hate the top stories
Facebook is one of channel used by everyone to transfer their meaning of something.
It never loads :-(  and sometimes shuts out on me or maybe could be my phone ??????? If so u get 5***
Great
I cant even look at my messages! I open the app and it shuts itself! Please fix asap!!
Ugh. Bug. Bug. Bug. Can't go through the news feed smoothly after the update. Please fix. Thanks!
Taking up space
Freezes up a lot and is slow
It takes to much battery when you are using it
Gud
Don't know why all these people are complaining about how big the app is. I've had 6 Android smartphones over the years, and never had to worry about memory size. Most phones have at least 16 GB (16, 000+ MB = 800x FB app). Delete 5 songs or some pictures from your phone and you can fit FB. Valid complaints would be about the crappy iPhone interface. Use Google design guidelines, Facebook!
Very good facebook
It's getting better
Nice Facebook
Loved it
Facebook
Please reduce the ram consumption !
I've had the iPhone and now a galaxy. Your app is terrible. Slow. Freezes. Pictures don't load. Every time you update it, it's something new. AND WHY IN THE WORLD CAN'T WE ACCESS OUR UPLOADED VIDEOS? ! STUPIDEST THING ON EARTH
Not update news feed Work on pc
I want this app can coppy paste posting nd message
Awesome app....
Please fix the news feed.! And it takes up to much space on my phone.!
Randomly refreshes and bounces me back to the top of my home feed. What happened to the option to view posts in chronological order? Posts from days ago are mixed into my home feed, which I don't prefer.
Needs improvement. Taking up too much memory space.
Is very nice
LOVING THE NEW UI!
Force closes when i play video fix this
Top
This application is to big it slows your phone down whoever created this download for Facebook should reduce the amount of space it takes so it can run better nd cleaner
Good
These latest Facebook updates make having a Facebook page with any amount of privacy controls and having the Facebook app on your phone mutually exclusive.  I've tried many of the other Facebook client apps, but unfortunately none offer the integration of the actual Facebook app.  Just like a crack dealer, they get you addicted to keeping in touch with friends and family in one place, then switch around their privacy settings to be Big Brother, your supreme ruler and overlord. Super creepy.
Very good nice
Pencetus alam persahabatan ,sosial dan maklumat global
app
Its ok now. Just shows me yesterdays news feed still but that's if I refresh too much.. but overall good app
Its gud bt its tk mch tym 2 dwnld n its tkes mch spc so i use it whn its needed 2 me.....
Fix your app. Freezes constantly. Can't upload photos can't update status can't scroll can't read comments can't post comments. C'mon superman get it right
Shaikh
Superb app for join with friends
Its giving many errs i m facing prblms
Please fix it. It keeps FORECLOSING EVERY FEW MINUTES!!!!
I love this app
Don't like the news feed being random. Liked it better when you could put it on most recent
add facilities
Laibhari
Would change my rating if this app had a "dark" option for the background....so there wouldn't be so much battery drain.
Very heavy
I am still hoping for the day that this app will be compact and will have a lesser MB. I adore this app but unistalling it to go for browser.
Good
Priyanka
Yeah bb
I can't play d Facebook videos.
Yew..!! Very disgusting it sucks every time
After update, all video unable to watch. Keep having errors.
Good app. It's become easy and efficient over time. Using facebook has never been easy.
Good
Lovee. IT.!!
Love reading about friends & family's days.
Aliexpress will not let me dislike them and unfollow them. Or other pages too. App closes. And thats it. No (send feedback) popup. Nothing, this is every time i try to unlike the or a page. Its frustrating since, it has me starting over . App is not working, errors or bugs...
The recent update sucks. App freezes and the fed doesn't update. I'm seeing things that are six days old.
Felt bored of it
Nice app
The messaging system really isn't that good.
I agree with others. Pleeease bring back the most recent option for the news feed.
Great
very useful
Very Important Aap
Very good app
Love love
This update not work on my galaxy s3 !! ,, why ??
Thanks for the expense of Facebook
Worrying trends with access two everything on my phone. I'm very close to removing this app.
Must be app love your way of spreading technology
Loved it
FB must down loadk
good!but in my celphone is stop.
Facebook
Stop getting 'top stories' to happen, it will never happen! Basically Newsfeed is set to top stories so that they can put paid ads and promotions on your newsfeed. C'mon facebook, you're better than this.
cheers
If i click the video automatically app shutdowns i am facing this issue after recent update only pls fix it
Not bad just fine....!!!

Very often fb widget becomes blank and not working at all. Only way to make it work is to delete and readd back. This is very annoying... also does any one in facebook uses tablet? Pictures never positioned properly!!!
I want to use this app, but permissions and privacy agreement are awful.
Archit
Wow! This app is really so cool.
It's better than the previous version. Good work
Social site
Nice
Takes so much space. Should be light space consuming. More than avg but below good. Size problem should be fixed.
Love it
this app is not able to move to sd otherwise its great . if you make this problem solve we all give you 5
Too large!! It takes too much memory!! Nd WTF daily update?? Rediculas
Okay okay lor
Recollection of old affections
Just updated not to long ago plus i had problem too much space needed.i wont update.
Keeps coming up with error message on videos through Facebook app on my Sony z2
It takes too much memory now, I can't even update it.
Easiest b way to keep up with everyone.
Very very good
No. Just no.
Kalamtopu
Ok
Update again.. I update twice in July.. It's suck.. Wasting my money
Too big memory
Now that my app updated it won't play an videos an it's showing post from previous days it's very disappointing
nice nice!!:-)
SUcks
WILL NOT LET ME LOG IN KEEPS FORCE CLOSING AS SOON AS I OPEN.
Excelent
So I thought I was going  be able to video chat like face time what happened
Fix the news feed it shows stuff out of order, it needs to sort out by date not randomly. We want to see what people are doing now not months ago.
FB app never fails to be a letdown. Doesn't load right, comments disappear after you send them, pics disappear on the whole feed when you like one thing. I had an iPhone 4s until recently and it was an awful app, have an S3 now and it is no better. Total disappointment, especially from a billion dollar company...
U
It not shown my on line friends.
Terrible
Not a big fan of how much space this takes up
Every time i log onto the app it always does not respond freezes up and i have to force close it please fix

Facebook app has got it all.  Instant messaging, tagging, and sending media attachments.  But I get the feeling that Facebook is missing one more thing.  And then I've figure it out.  It's the video.  I mean....  We can't even find all of our videos that we uploaded every since we created our accounts on Facebook inside the photo category.  That should be the next step to Facebook app.
Too large of file.,I don't wanna see stuff people posted a week ago unless I scroll that far back, too many glitches.,
Great
the loading is take time so long.....
Facebook. That's why.
God is great
Please revert to the previous version.
Superb
So far so good. Next dish please.
social networking
Fb
Why can't i change my username ..
Best ever
You have to change the auto play on the video settings or it really eats up your data plan. I changed mine too auto play over WiFi only.
Facebook has worked alot on their mobile app and it is very polished. However it has gotten very slow due to all these fancy updates
Loved facebook
Good app
Used to be 5 stars till the last update.  When they did that it stopped giving me the option to change my news feed from most popular to latest. So annoying!
Do something about it please.
Don't want to see old posts..
No
Unchecked all notifications under settings and still getting them causing my phone to buzz constantly over any little activity.  Miss when this crap was simple and without all this access stuff
I can't see the photos
Good
The answer is no!
Constantly freezes up or runs slow.
Its usefull to make new friends.....
Why don't you let the News Feed as Most Recent part? I have to take several actions when I want to read the latest news. It is inconvenient.
I think its good ...as even pages are handled over here directly without any help of pages manager..
The facebook app is great
Good work, for galaxy note 2
I like it......
I would like to have enough memory on my phone to do something besides facebook.
It could be awesome to have a lightweight version for small capacity phones. Many features are cool but not absolutely necessary. Please make a lightweight version.
Seeing old posts days later in news feed and can't post pics from my phone ... Samsung Galaxy Legend
Friends roun
love it
Hated it
Like itttt
Number1
I hate facebook... Ruins lives
Fine
Would be awesome to have the option again to see current status from one spot rather than having to go to another spot to click on
Change something useful like letting me set my profile picture for my photography page. Its not working on the android app.
Good chismes
am i the only who can't post new pics now?
Love it
Crashes very often on Galaxy S4. Please, fix.
Vere good
Used to be able to send stuff to just one friend to see or to send it via private message & cant anymore it stinks... horribly slow & eats up data & battery like crazy. Sometimes it wont even let me click  links & freezes then kicks me out & closes & I have to go searching for the post usually by trying to figure out who posted it.
It's an excellent place
Would be better if it didnt get crappyer every time u update
Everything works well! Great!
crashes alot
Moran
Good
Its great.. Thanks
Love it
Jo
Awesome *_*
Baigan :@
Started to get video playback errors. Can no longer watch videos in their entirety. Sony Xperia Z
Just all these changes to keep up with
We want most recent not top stories and fix the memory leak.., its eating up to much space..
Please let me download Facebook app. For my mobile
I like it but only if it was able to be tranferred to the sd card because it takes so much room.
Nv jvv mncm. V.  Vcm.  Nv
Why can't I remove recent searches
Facebook thinks it know what you should and shouldn't see. People don't even realize that their feeds are no longer chronological and there is no permanent way to set it. Garbage.
Great way to stay in touch with family
You fix it then screw it up with a new update
Facebook
I can't install it. It says cannot be installed in default install location :@
So nice app i like it...
I like it so much
Facebook
Good
PILIPINA
Good in all but some times to slow
Pukengkay
Thanks facebook
Love love love
Work with me anyway!!!!!
Shams
Terbaik
Pena q ig ¨¦ mto melhor
I love dis app
Won't play videos needs another update
Xbest
Doesnt update most recent..status updates are all over the place u may see a post from 10 minutes ago then one from 2 days ago...hate it the new look really need to be fixed
Love it
Film
Video Facebook does not work with Z2 it gives error why??
Would be nice not to have to choose  the most recent news feed every time.
It always makes my phone freeze! Every time I open the app it freezes my phone
Its a good app it's juss slow loading up my news feed
New Friends
This app i a great app you must get it and don't forget to tryout messenger from Facebook. :)
Good
Dumb how you can't just select Top stories or most recent for news feed. They always have to mess it up some how.
like
It freeze please. Fix
Super like
Needs improvement
Improved a lot!
This is a good app an all, but it takes up wayyy to much space in my phone. Its hard to keep this app because you cant download any other apps you like because there's not enough space! Also, it shows post that are like a week old, stuff we seen 7 days ago.
when i click on message it fc's
Fuckckckckx Love ot
Facebook avelabel
Waaaaay too big of a file. Why? What's the point?
Install
Superb
A vry  bad app requires too much space
It's OK, paper needs to come to Android though
A lot of my albums isn't loading in my phones gallery on my galaxy note 2 says unable to load and some albums and pictures are missing on the app itself. That is a huge deal. What is going on pictures are disappearing here and there and ablums are not showing any pictures at all. Also since updating it won't stay on most recent. Please fix asap. Thanks.......
the loading is take time so long.....
so much bugs
This app takes a lot of space!! And it stops all the time I hate that!
Why my facebook was disabled?
Better now..
Hello Facebook company and app I want to inform you that your apps is one of the best apps but I don't support bluetooth mod in free call service please let it be supported I ill be very thank full to you
app is too large and keeps on updating , it takes up a lot of phone memory space. please do something about this.
Every time I tried to sign on it won't let me. Also, it is slow very slow. Will change the rate when the app works better.
I can't even open without it forceclosing.
Its awsome
I am having trouble going offline .
TAKE UP TO MUCH SPACE
Messenger..........and more...........
After updating the facebook app it so laggy
It sucks. Keeps freezing up.
Fun for lifr
Loving
I can't update this because its to big. I'm down to only 2games on my phone because of having to update it. Each time it gets better and I'm not sure why its that big now.
I HATE the new android update. It keeps force closing. Horrible!
mohamad1234798@gmail.co m
New one
I can't watch any of the videos please sort it out I keep getting error
It's nice to have this facebook. You can enjoy yourself by browsing every new thing!
Its awesome
The makers and editors of this app are by far the most incoherent people that do not deserve to make money in this business. We ask for one simple thing and you cannot deliver.  Stop selling our info to the FBI and CIA and start listening to the users. If you have no users, then Facebook will become MySpace.
Faceface
Owsome
Full find aap
Good Entertainment
I love it
Still love the app!
This version is no good. Would be tremendously better if I could actually see most recent feed as is selected.
Works good
Great
I want to read my friends posts in chronological order only.  Doesn't seem to be a way top do that anymore
Right
Good app .

you can get the most recent by clicking on the most recent tab
To slow
Facebook
Good
Adipoli
Such a big company, can't make a small app properly. Sh*t
Lags a lot and the loading is very slow Fix as soon as possible it notifies me about a msg after 10 mins after replying to that particular msg
Not showing when writing my status pls fix it and when my friends add emoji to there're status I can't see it but when I use the operamini I see it pls fix

This app was given a major overhaul.  My statuses post now, the share button is back and things seem to be generally working.  One downside: I notice my feed has less in it than the Desktop.  Overall much better.
Need to be able to stop notifications for posts. I spend all day getting notifications for inane comments on posts I liked days beforehand

Disney world Spring break
*TROUBLE UPDATING AND ERRORS. NO NOTIFICATIONS NO PSN TROPHY POSTING AND I COULD GO ON AND ON *Alot better than it use to be but when I try to share a photo from gallery it rakes me to Facebook gallery and can never find pictures I'm looking for and I don't have enough data to sync them all, I don't use or like that anyway. I THINK ITS TIME DEACTIVATE MY ACCOUNT :(
chielo cabutin
Very intrusive, but part of the "cost" of convenience.
Its all Great!
Nothing but pictures and videos in my newsfeed. No status updates.
Love you
It sucks right now it crashes alot and it gets on my nervs
When watch video or picture...so annoying.
Every new update fixes one issue and creates 12 new ones. You guys just can't get it right. Now my feed will randomly refresh and send me back to the top. It's immensely aggravating to be in the middle of reading something, then suddenly be somewhere else in the feed. Wish there was a better alternative, cause this app SUCKS!
Godt
Xsfu
So slow. Pics take forever to load. Cannot use app.
Why can't I set most recent as the default? I think I know what I want to see more than you do, Facebook. Change it.
Happy
The app is to big to download on my phone. It would be nice if the app wasn't so big, I really like to have facebook on my phone
Crashes even when I am not logged in. Won't let me connect with my games either now I can't update it either
Like like like
Why?
Works well
lab it
Not good
Highly Invasive.  Have to find in app to turn things off. Memory hog
No photos animations. We can't set our news feed to Most Recent.
Wont stop freezing
Very good
Annoying how I can't sort the news feed by recent.
Great app great way to keep in touch with people you love and friends
Easier then doing it online
I really like it
Awesome because you get to have your own page and u get to talk to friends and family
i love ..love it.
Socialize w/ family nd friends
chammu
Average performance for the mid-range handsets.
It force closes over & over & over!! I can't even use facebook anymore! Its horrible & if I uninstall I'm stuck w the factory version. I hate the past 2 updats
No one wants to see 3 day old posts. I'm kind confused why Top Stories even exists. Then in an update, you say "Most Recent under more," but it has always been there! You changed nothing! I want my MAIN NEWS FEED to be most recent.
Well I make do with the app but is anyone else noticing battery drain with the latest? I turned off auto play vids completely but just seems if the apps running,  even in background,  my battery drops fast
Administrators hack account holders and change passwords
Torek jing jing
It wont let me update it states i dont have sufficient space in my storage and i do but this update is too big and un-necesary so looks like im gonna unistall and just do face book on my phone internet of deactivate the account
I liked the old version the new one is So slow
love it
Its so beautiful
Great App, but still bad at adding pic... why this app cant browse by folder???  :'(
It helps me :) Good and proper
Facebook
Woah
ok
Luv it
Network error, fix it
This app is too big .....i'm always getting the phone memory low message.....it's annoying because this is the largest app on my phone....it takes up majority of my internal memory.
I agree with everyone who has said that this app takes up a lot of space on my phone and even for the update it keeps saying I don't have enough space on my phone no other app has said that on my phone besides this one. (Samsung Galaxy S5)
I am not a fan what so ever of the format!!! I want to go back to the last format so bad. Please fix this, pretty please. I am in shock with how horrible it is!!!
Love
New version is too sliw nd structing again nd agin olf is gold
Always crashing please make sure that when you update you test the app well
I wish I never installed it cause I cant get the one I had before this one. Takes up space growing constantly. Low space low space. I dobt like it.
Unknown Error Occurred when playing video on Sony Z2, did a few time reinstalling but still the same,  please fix.
Easy to like ... Upload ... Status ... Photos .... In a sec ... I like it
Its Facebook, people...
Way to many updates and not much improvement on performance.
Videos start but freeze after a few a seconds and then I get a notification saying "unknown error occurred"
Good

Always lag, and too much big. Fix it.
Wish it had the most recent option again though...
Go back to pervious version! After this update my Facebook got slower than a snail. Please fix!!
H; j o li mm.  Zzz.
Newsfeed won't update...status updates won't post...fix the birthday bug, it shows tomorrow's birthdays instead of today's
Fix it plz I can't send pictures
It sucks can't even get in fb it keeps kicking me off are not responding wth is going on.. needs to be fixed
If the app is too big for your phone, maybe you should upgrade from a potato.
Aburrido
I hate the new version of Facebook. Hence, it is more buggy and full of crap! And now Facebook Video isn't playing in my mobile device and when I played video it is just loading white screen and suddenly closed the Facebook app. I preferred using the old version of Facebook since it can play video on my device. And this new version...Sucks! 
Updates keep the app improving
It old just cool awesome
Hassle free :)
I am doge
I enjoy knowledgebase items that counts for something "friends"

My friend told me about this
Need improvement
It takes too much space
Give us the option to make Most Recent as a default for our news feed. It's really annoying having to dig through the settings every time I open the app just to change my feed to Most Recent.
Slowww ! :-(
Continually force closes asks for authentication for password. Accepts password then asks again.
Nice.
Better than the old version.
This is very useful app. And made with such a latest technology of the world.
Good One
Poor
It's not what i expect
takes up to much space ! And the layout  iss I guess I would say I hate it!
Needs work
Trying to do an update  because the old version keeps knocking me out . How do i not have enough space in my phone !?
Its great aplication i liked it
This New Update SUCKS More Than Worth the Time to Comment!! Won't Stay on "Most Recent" Feed.....Notifications aren't showing like they were before! ETC. ETC. ETC. Honestly sick tk death of even attempting to use FB anymore with these past 2 updates!! 1 ¡î is TOO MANY!!

I want to see the most recent all the time!!!!!!!
Fix the goddamn pictures when uploading or posting. Add the option to select specific pictures from specific folders and not your stupid camera roll crap
Nice apps
This is a nice social network. But the access to personal info on my phone worries me.
I hate the way they have random posts from 3 days ago in the middle of recent posts. Change it back to where its just recent posts.
I am using Galaxy S5, new update... its running better now.
Best all the times....
Auko
Love it
Pretty Good App. For Facebook
seriously. .another update and STILL. .. top stories as default and not most recent. What is wrong with you, does mass user opinion not count for anything? ...
Social Media
After the latest updates but its still very limited
Mother/Wife/Grand Mother
Is a great way to keep in touch with friends, even those abroad. Great to find people you haven't seen for long.
70mb of ram :@
It great
we can't update facebook feeling status from this app.  pls add this feature !
Va bien
Loving it
Facebook is fine
Doesnt want to load.. Was fine till last update.. As of the 19th, after playing a video on my timeline.. Facebook freezes after a couple seconds after the video is done..
Very nice
Wow.....
Update it said. You'll love it they said. Its faster they said. Absolutely sucks. Deleting.
sucks
It makes sign in and keeps u current in the know about u and your friends FB
So good.
Facebook
Minus 5 stars....f..k.n useless.
Y
Grande
All you do is invade our lives and sell our data. Facebook you sold us out!
SO MUCH SPACE

File attachments
problm in video not a downloadind in mobile.
Nice
Loved it
Seriously though make different options or other version....like FBsimple....uninstall FB is losing their hype....hate this planet
Keeps deleting Facebook from my tablet because of the storage
Its a good app n vry esily perform bt i tkes so many ram
Velika nula za app
When are you guys gonna update with the status mood?!
It's working worse than ever! Fix it!!
I like it
So lame that the app always defaults to Top Stories instead of 99.9% of what users want, Most Recent.  If they can't get the app to remember a preference like a browser does, it simply shows a forced UI.
It's Rocking app...
So good
Omg!!!! Why after the last update I can't watch videos on Fb. Grrrrrrrrr
Baisa
Cr
Error came out. Duplicate provider authority. Please fix this.. i failed to install the apps
Since the last update ive noticed when ever im scrolling or just stop for a second the app freezes for a couple seconds its really annoying
Love this app
Harouna
This is my favorite way to keep up with my friends' lives!
Fantastic !! :))
Good
Its just a easy way to acess fb nothin more to say
I really wish that there was another Facebook app that I could use. This app is constantly freezing; force stop, shutting down my phone, removing the battery and memory card doesn't even work. I have to uninstall and reinstall the app every other day!! Seriously fix this please and the recent posts!
Its vert G
This app takes up way to much memory I can barley take pictures
Easy way to cnnct with family n frnds
Sista wolf
Previously I could upload several pics at the same time and add caption with each pictures. With the new update I couldn't do that anymore. How come?
Nice + helpful
All of y'all are posting reviews that it is to slow or it takes up to much space tell me when you can make an app better than Facebook and then get millions of people to use it
I love it ha has gud jop guy but can't download video
No good
Terrible
For the Galaxy mega I'm pretty happy
I don't care about any body that said poor about this app cause ur poor !!!!!!
okay so this is edit the new update is workin. but its stupid. post from last week on top of feed. yeah stupid. improve this and five star for sure. you don't even read these reviews huh? even if you do you don't care. you ignorant lazy f-cks. you see idiots? facebook keeps getting worse. all one star reviews down there and you never care about it all you want is money. from about 4.4 rating comes down to 3.9 and less and less. facebook sucks! keeping up with friends is suckier than ever.
Yay .
Best application ever ! And fastest !!!
This app take too much space
Please add feature to show comment to the post instantly without refreshing the post plzxzxxz add this ;)
Ajitbiswa
Very bad
I only have this installed to share content to facebook from my phone. Beyond that I have no use for this. I use my phones browser since most links and videos will take you there anyway.
Good
Poor
Fasbook
Good but some times runs slow

Are your code writers too inept to create a option for us to default to Most Recent for the news feed? I would code it for free for you. So effing annoying! .... Back to same problem in this update!
Need a sorting option 
Ok
I've been using Facebook for a long time I love it it can be addicting its mostly what I do on my phone 5 stars <3 :) :p but I do agree with the fact it has to much space
This app is good 4 me...
always smiling to brighten up the day:)
I loved it
Social media
Please turn off Video autoplay feature!
Love facebook.
I will not give even one star,  why we can't do reply to any comments. This update had been done for iphone but for android mobiles it's still.  Many update but for nothig .
The apps memory is way too big for my remaing memory ...   i guest ill just let my facebook like this i wont update it anymore .   Please fix it . Thank you
It works
Good
I ove this apps because this is very fast and trustful.
The app is much better
Sucks! Whenever I even open fb it just closes on itself after the update! Its been 3 days now
Its great to listen to all reviews news in advance and search to find family and friends
I loveee facebook
App is not bad. Not hard to use
Keeps me in touch
Champaaa and Saifudinizm.
Kissesbby
I can't seem to figure out why this app doesn't give me the "most recent news" unless I go to "most recent" & click. When I open the app, the most recent info is what most of us would like to see. I don't want to have to look for the newest news, and re- read the older crap. I'd prefer the actual web page versus this app. Please fix this!
The new Facebook news feed is terrible and it really needs to go back to allow users to see most recent friend posts. At least give us the option to show most recent news feeds. We don't want to see what someone did two or three days ago, we want to know what someone did a minute ago. If this isn't fixed with the newest update, I'm deleting this app.
Even with this update that supposedly updated the speed and reliability of the app I see no difference. The file is too big and it is slowing down every aspect of my phone. This is ridiculous...? 
It does alot of kicking off. It will say it suddenly stopped working and you'll have to get back in it again. Won't let me see certain tags people tag of me. Its just a hot mess.
But it s not fast  not giving me to tag wtf if my friends on mobile not sending the meassege just felling slap who the heck took this yarr
Good
Good
Galaxy s4
a easy wayfor fb
It's really good
you said that the update version of this app is now have a improvement on speed but not! its super slow..:-P
Can't move to sd card, take too much memory and space, need to uninstall soon.
Its too slow and it stops too much and it doesn't let me see the videos
Tidak dapat di muat turun akibat ralat
Holy crap, Facebook! Do you really need 100 MB of space to function? You've barely had any GOOD updates, what the heck do you need ONE HUNDRED MB of memory space for? Also, I don't care about the Top Stories! I want the most recent posts from my friends and family! Make that the default, not Top Stories!
This app have more issues difficulties for user then older. I Hope you solve, the issues. Thanks
Where is recent stories?
NO STARS! News feeds will not stay on resent.... Half the notification are missing! Making a comment on someones post is now a project with all the clicking you have to do ! I Want the FB before this update!!!
I like it but sometimes it won't work :/ it gets me frustrated because then I can't check my notification.
As long as it's free&you don't want to draw over my SDcard.
This updated makes this app more easyer n fadt :)
The app can't move to sd card so that the app consume more space , can you fix it
it says 22 mb but when i finished downloading it .  it consumes my internal.memory up to 70 mb.. it keeps.my.phone lag and load slowly :( please please fix this terrible problem
Its alright like but can cause a load of arguments, lol
stay
Just improve in recent news feeds
This takes up too much space and shows posts that happened days ago. Why does fb need access to practically all my details? Fix this and maybe I'll install it
Awesome
Madd
After the update it just keeps refreshing the newsfeed. So basically it is useless
So far so good. Need to free up space on my phone tho.
Is FB auto updating now?? All of a sudden it changes formats & now I can't see anything! Ugh!
This app is to large n requires more space
Love it.
I rather use the website
I love this
Theres too much drama !
this is bad
The bestttt ...
Zaman
SUCKS!  When I connect to wifi, it doesn't load anything for about 10 minutes and it isn't my wireless.  They have tried to troubleshoot from every angle.
My wife is jealous of these females for no reason so she doesn't want me on it at all but herself can go on it lol funny right wtf who cares lmao crazy .
I use this ONLY bc the mobile site is more ads than actual friends posts
good than earlier
Stupid it won't even let me download it!!
Love being able to stay in touch with friends and family members
Decent
Ok
The heck out of me, use to work good then suggested an update now it's so slow as crap!!
If you are aware of the iOS version of FB. There is an option when u have the chat box open, by clicking the three little dots in the top right corner your and click on about or something like that it said " view shared photos " which allows you to o view all the photos they or you sent to each other. Cannot find that feature on android anyone know where its located?
KILLS TIME
Still having issues with my post not saying "near by" but all an all, it's improved big time..... IMO
Update with the possibility to search a word in a group.
it would be grate if it could be moved to SD memory  rather than phone memory
Please make it compatible.
Hate it
I like facebook so I give it a 5
Too slow when downloading
Why so large!? And if it is that big, why it's not allowed to move to sd card!?! This is  joke.
Cool.
Good
Can not edit photo album
App works well on my tablet. Freezes and stalls on my t679 gingerbread,MB run high. I've repeatly asked for them to do something for 2yrs. Still locks up at start and uses too much memory. Also why does ur app say its 18.28mb, its down loaded and ur app takes up 50mb on my phone???               . HELLO!!!  IS THERE ANYONE WORKING THERE?!?
This app is no good, very slow to load than crashes, takes 4 or 5 attempts to get it to load, when switching from news feed to messages it crashes. I uninstalled it and will no longer have it on my phone. If I could have picked a negative -5 would be what I'd rate it at
appear while starting sometimes....
NEVER WORKS GETTING SICK OF IT!
Like facebook, hate the drama associated with it.
Awsum experience! Loved it
ASUS ZenFone 4.
Still not Google+.
Keeps me in touch with the world
Its not letting me access fb and I can't go on from the browsers
i loved it
Im 8
Who really likes the top stories.  Most recent is a pain to get to and keeps changing back to top stories.
NOW I CANNOT PLAY ANY VIDEOS ON FACEBOOK ONLY!!! Do not update your Facebook account!!! Cannot get any help from them either. I've submitted several reports...
I love it
It takes too long to download please remember we use bundle and if this update takes a whole lot what of other apps we have please do something about it but in     all i love facebook
Needs to be able to stay "most recent" newsfeed
Its ok but it shows posts that are several days old

Excelent
Just got my new Samsung s5 last week and this app is murdering it's performance!
This app takes way too much memory and above it ..... It doesn't have the option to move to SD . make it available to move to SD then I'll surely give 5stars.
Now foreclosed.cant even open it.dell streak
Pls! Fix it! It takes 50+ mb gor this app. I only have 190mb in my phone!
harder
I hate that
Just awful
Ratings
Not bad.
Crashing video I can't play video on Xperia z2 that's disgusting fix it please :(
Nise
I love Facebook, But I cant enjoy it if it keeps crashing. Please fix this. I am using a Lg Optimus L90. On the last version this never happened. If you could please fix this I swear I will give you 5 stars.
Rokayahhamudidarwes
An obsessive addiction.
Beauty and usefull
Takes up too much space...this is stupid.
Good .
Facebook
The new app is so large it has slowed itself to crawl and pics take sooo long to load.
Et It3to
Please fix that
A new My Space. Lol
God I supowes
Love it
It will not load and slows down my phone and always requesting an update that my phone has no room for.
Every once in a while when I open the app it freezes on just the news feed and I can't scroll or click anything I have to shut down my phone and turn it back on to make it work and I'm getting sick of it
Lovr it
Good

Force closes before the application ever opens. Completely useless.
I despise the new newsfeed.  If I wanted to know what someone did 6 or so days ago I would ask or seen then but now you can not tell.  I want to see recent posts not posts from days and days ago!
Facebook
Still can't view videos on the new update..it has been almost 3 months since I 1st stated that && it still has yet to be fixed
Facebook
I don't need to see what people did a week ago and I don't need a notification that someone posted a link(not on my wall).  It's just not worth using fb on android as of now
Facebook app keeps my phone going very slow and kills my battery with all the RAM it is using. Says it's using 160mb of RAM. News feed is still inaccurate!
I would like to move Facebook to my sd card but I can't... and it takes up A LOT of space on my phone storage and because of that the outcome is I cant update it... :s
Every other day there's an update
Keeps force closing & out of 400-500 friends only about 5 ever show in newsfeed. Wth? And those are 24 hours old!!!!
Loving the new update! Also, if it doesn't work, uninstall it then reinstall it. That fixed it for me. Good work guys.
Unable to choose most recent as default news feed, need to go to a different tab in a sub menu? Wtf? Really?
Newsfeed is from days ago and you cant choose to have most recent. Crashes twice a day. I would rather use my browser for FACEBOOK and messenger for msgs. UNISTALLING!
Why does it have to use over 80(+)MB? Even more concerning is that it continues to use more every time the app's opened. It was at 101MB, and that is unacceptable! The only reason I won't uninstall this app is because the "android.acore" problem will pop up as soon as I do. Please greatly lower the amount of storage this app uses and don't let it use anymore than what it's set to, then I'll give it a higher rating. Thank you!
LOVE IT
Great!
Owner
I love the facebook because over there I can be close to my friends every day and every moment.
It's ok...
I unloaded the app for a few days and took a FB break and my battery didn't die in 4 hours. It actually lasted a day and a half before it needed to be charged. And I have the extended battery. Anyway to make this app better with regards to battery use.
New update not working right..messages disappear from ur messaging
Every time I updated it says no storage left. Then ask to accept a bunch of polices. Which I do but still nothing. It seems they just here to steal stored information.
Sweet

Didn't think it was possible but ye made it worse .its fcuking massive and as slow as a fat man at a all you can eat buffet
Now I can't watch videos on Facebook with this new update.
It's too large
Cool
Better!!!
Awesome!
I like It.
WORK'S GREAT...
Ok
I love it I can talk to my friends lit them know what I'm up to
Way to big stop moving stuff around so much and let me see what is happening now not a couple of days ago deleted to much stuff and not worth the space
i do not no waye i am traying to get Facebook cause it is just a wast of time
Can not download to iconia Acer tablet. Freezes at 84%  download. Sucks!
Tired of old post being first!!
I remember when facebook was 16.25 MD now it's 22?! Really it's felling up my phone way to much it's says my storage is way to full! I can't install no more apps because FACEBOOK Ummm no thank you
Love it
Great app keeps me connected with my friends and family. Up dates were nice to. Thanks so much!.
Needs to be able to move to an SD card. This app is wayyy to big
Comments on photos, videos and statuses take too long to load. Videos keep crashing on xperia z2. Lots of bugs.
so weak on my mob
This app I can't even update. There is no reason for an app to take up this much space. About to just get rid of facebook all together! Change soon or one less facebooker out there
This app takes up to much memory
This takes up literally a quarter of my phone's memory, and it's anyways running even if I have data off. Robbing me of processing power
It wont let me see the people i want to
Xperia V
Something Special in,
Crashes quite a lot.
I can't even go on Facebook because everyone's getting hacked and it's so annoying. FIX IT NOW
the best app
Over all it is very Good
Super
It takes up waaay to much space. It's not even worth downloading especially when I can't move it to my SD card!! And when I get on Facebook it's statuses from 2-4 days ago, and when I refresh it, it still doesn't go to most recent! This app sucks!
This new updated version is very good in navigation, searching and recent posts and updates.
It's good if yur talk you into all the drama and back on here....
Facebook has improved drastically since the old versions, keep the good work up
Sucks big hairy balls
Now it's going faster than before..but not smooth
Crashes regularly and really annoyingly takes newsfeed and puts it in a random order... No sensible way to just see the most recent first. I don't want to see what my mates did last week first!
Good software
Dis is better than the internet facebook....
I think it is better before update please downgrade it ....
I cant stand tbat it has been frezing my phone up everytime i try to even open it. The fact it slows my phone that it is even on as an application. Super annoying all around.
I really love this app because I get to chat with family or friend
good
i've never hated an app so much... man!! It really sucks.
Nice one
Love it
This app need to more storage
Great app
After a brief crap period, it's back to being ok. Would still prefer that Most Recent be the preset but it'll do for now...
Best
Bumer update
Hate it
Eats lots of my memory. Now 120 mb. It does not make me happy
It says "to open facebook, you need more storage space"        Takes too much space........
It will automatically sign out when I'm not using it more than three day..
Add option to reply to someones comment -_- Beside this app works well.
update sucks!
Facebook
It is really slow and you cant add whoever you want to your favorites!!! Fix it please
It won't play the videos. Says it's an error. I was able to this morning and now suddenly I can't. Also it keeps failing and I report every time. But still you have not fixed it!
Facebook because it takes up space on your phone please fix it
On big tablet, it's horrible. The view is horrible.
To much space
So nice This app but facebook to facebook free calling
Epocalypse
Worst ever update its slows every thing r u ppl really educated abt how to update a app... its shows u ppl have no sense how to improve the performance of the apps horrible app
Best like this.apk.Thanks;
There it is again the forever loading process please fix
I would like to have recent updates not 2 days ago !
Video is not working in my phone HTC sensation xe please fix it otherwise i have to uninstall the update
Kt
Gooooood
Worth
Love it
Good app
Update
Love it
Donielle WIisonn
For some reason all the people I might know are fake movie stars and nobody is local
Good stuff to use
Good app
Hai
Cuz it facbook
It won't upload any pictures,  slow on uploading news feed.... please fix?
Cool app. But no video download option in a new version please give him a download option
It gd
Nice
Love is life........
Nice working
Videos won't play. I uninstalled the app, reinstalled it, then they work.....until I close the app. When I launch the app again videos fail to play. Gives me a message that an unknown error has occurred. Please fix this
Don't like that I can't choose to see most recent posts anymore or that I can't see archived and other messages.
So fast I like this app
Haroonmalik
Im really2 tired!why always hang?always nt responding??!!!everydy like this.!
I have an AT&T Samsung galaxy note 3 & I continue to have to force stop this app because it keep freezing. I have to do this about 3x a day. Not to mention we no longer have the option to manage the posts we see. I have uninstalled & installed the app several times. PLEASE help me fix this issue before deleting it for good
Recently lost all my messages on facebook and messenger and csnt get them back! NOT HAPPY!
Way to big. Crashes all the time. Locks up when it's not crashing. It would be nice if you could move it to sd card.
One of my favs
Doesn't upload videos
muaaaahhh
Chatting with different people
Maybe make a way for to be able to exit out of a picture without using the back button.
Awesome
Awesome
Good app
Damor
You can talk to friends
it's showing days ago newsfeed. please.. give us recent ones.. not days ago.  Past stuff .. who wants to know..
amazing
Nice
Wotld
Sum thing wrong with tis apps bugs in the notification.
good job
Awesome app cuz you can know what people are doing and mett new friends i like it download it you'll love it
I like facebook
Love it
Fix it
Love fb keeps me connected with family n friends
Ok,, lately its bn ackn CRAZY!  Cnt load pics, wont let me n my page..CRAZY. .right?
Good for playing games
Great
Not baddddd
I love this app
Feels there's no point of having a private acc cos once u r tagged or you change your profile photo/cover photo.. your stalker may still get to see & even download all your updated photos. Pls hide both please!!
I do like that i am able to connect with my friends and family all the time especially in our busy life than't always see each other..tho i do not like how much memory its been taking up on my phone since I've updated it..keeps telling me my phone is full and i only have facebook and picsart on my phone downloaded..this should not be taking that much room!
Facebook is how I keep in touch with my family and friends that I haven't seen in a wile. I've been using it for a wile and ever since they have started changing the way it looks I can not find on my profile where it should say papges that I like. This is making me very angry. I.have went to the help area and i am still not able to find it

Great App I love to use it.
c:
Never works!!!!
I need to post photo on comments section but couldn't.  Hence 4 stars.... else could have given 5 stars.
Ewan
App kept crashing
The latest version work slowly plz solve this problem
Its okay but it could be better like if some one sends me a message can't it do some thing so I know wen I got a message
Do not update like sheep. Screw them. "2 minutes left"- for 20 minutes, then black screen.
Toooo big size...its nt cool app..its also very big size app which uses high ram ..
Force closes too much
Good social website
better to uninstall.. high memory utilization and drain battery,heats up the phone and error in video playback. this application is of no use. worst app of the market place.
Loved it
Unfortunately we can't share photos or anything else out of Facebook on groups directly. Just inside Facebook. For example if we wanna share a picture from our gallery or a website, we must save it first and then inside the Facebook app share it on a group !!!! And it is not gooooooood
It's so nice to communicate with my friend's. .
J
Cool Business
Very good
Better.
Best app ever
Too slow on my device... Always crashes
Love u Facebook
God and me!
Very nice apps
Okay
Poor update
Takes to much space. Also i don't care what people did months ago i wanna know what people have been doing recently
Memory is crucial now-a-days, wish it could not take up so much space
Cannot sync contacts as earliar
Can't play videos on my Sony Xperia Z2. Shows an error message after 10 to 15 seconds!
brilliant
It takes time to install and i just get bored..
Consumes too much memory
Got to much storage needed
Nice makes things easy
Love it
I preferred the previous version,  now I have too many problems loading photos and is not a device problem because it happens in the tablet and in the phone

Sam
I will see all my friends
I love fb
Like the description says, there are problems. Sometimes my posts won't send, other times I see comments duplicated in the comments section of posts.
Plz look the issues ..my s3 hanged many tyms from this app ..
Its cul....download it
hammertime lol
Unknown error code 961? What's that?
Keeps me updated on important things. Very good app
Jss luv it
Cool
Lil enjoyble
Making me mad. Keeps force closing fix it please.
Wow since the last update I have morenthan one issue with facebook. I cant log in keeps on sending me verification codes but when I use them it just tells me its sending another verification code I never get. I have even gone as far as resetting my phone to factory defaults, uninstalling and re installing of the app, even tried changing my password but no luck. So now I cant log in at all and have no access to my facebook even on my browsers. So what do you suggest facebook?
Wtf? It's way too slow.... that's if it loads at all
cooolllll.
Hot various
I love when it updates its so awesome
Lab90210
Love itih
Video can't play
I'm loving it
Tired of all videos playing just playing when I scroll over them you are wasting my data  and quit filtering everyones status sick of you controlling what I see and what I don't I will delete my account if things do not change soon
It has issues. Takes too long to open. Doesn't update properly. And it closes itself automatically after a few seconds!
Mast
Too heavy
Awsme
"Can't play video" pops up every time I try to play a video. Both wifi and mobile data. Crap!
I love having Facebook on my phone but anytime I get tagged and I go to approve it an error pops up saying it can't load. You can't see your "other" folder in messages and I'm really tired if seeing more ads than anything!
I like it
bloated and slow  keeps growing from 18 meg to nearly 50 give me back my old version this is absolute rubbish :-( not happy go no room on my phone now !!!!!!
Awsome
Nice apps
I can't even keep it down loaded because it takes up so much space on my phone and when i have it i have insufficient storage !!! Horrible app
A UNTYJOY
Love u
It easy
nyc!!!!!!!
Freezes constantly, uses way to much processing power, loads slowly, and designed terribly. I can deal with a few of said problems, but they stack on and on to the point one is forced to go end the facebook task every five minutes just to use the app.
Nice
Before update superb faster satisfied.after update this app becomes slower.very very slow and not responding..really annoying man
I love facebook
Takes several tries every time to open, crashes randomly and constantly. It also uses A LOT of memory. Hate this "update."
zaw
Cool
It is great app but it would be nice if it could be stored on sd card..:)
Wtf!!!
Cooooooooooooooool!!!
They've cleaned up a bunch of the errors which were the impetus behind my previous rant. There are still some significant issues, though: Do wish it would stop updating every several seconds when in Latest mode (top news is useless to me). The refresh takes me off what I was viewing, and often just has me shut the app down. Also, the header and such has caused some burn in on my phone (seriously not happy about that!)
d best apps i've ever hav ;)
Not happy takes up too much space for my Blue Studio 5.5 which is an excellent phone...since upgrade about three days ago my phone will not update my other apps due to an Error or Not Enough Space. Now my Hangouts is giving me a Notice that is annoying staying I have too many texts & New SMS May Not Be Received. Ironic how I only had three recent text messages on my box. Too smart of designers to not just get it right. I guess it's too much like right.
Excellent
I like
Really good so everybody should try it.
Amazing app
Make a way to disable the annoying 'do you know' notifications with out completely blocking the app, then my rating will go up
Im using the click and whenever i try to access my friends it keeps force closing can you please fix asap its very annoying
Loving it ....having great fun......keep it up the lovable developers
Forc close,,*plz add automatc clear data...*and lang selctn
Among to you I'm always online with my friends so that's good ...
Needs to become 3d soon
I am unable to log in to facebook it shows your password or email is wrong when i write everything properly.I change my ID twice but it didn't send me confirmation code pls send me confirmation code.
Said Haji

It's very good app but should know about this
Really.. not everyone has a 10 gb internal storage
Download,but not installed
Hangs in Mobile
Awesome
More efficient on data usage please??
Every time I try to play a Facebook video I keep on getting a unknown error it takes a few times hitting play to make it work and then sometimes when the video is playing it stops with the same error only 50% of the time does the video play with it stopping
Cant download sucks... fix and i might give 5 stars
Very nyc app i like it
I luv facebook app
But it takes up way to much space, I looked and it took up 165mb on my tablet, I can only have that and one other game!
Just perfect for using facebokk....
U remain connected not only to ur friends/Relatives/colleagues....but with the WHOLE WORLD
What Facebook need to do it sort OK the post because it should say top news now not most recent so please fix
Facebook
Lol
Starts opening stuff in my browser, can't open certain things. Please kill yourself app
:(
Sometimes doesn't show comments or post. Glitchy.
But still needs a few tweaks. Especially let us pick seeing newest posts rather than three day old posts mixed in.

My favorite application
Gtr
New update sucks. I don't want to see stuff from weeks ago, I want to see stuff from today. Whoever keeps making these 'improvements' should have been fired years ago, each 'improvement' has been worse.
good hai
when I want to change my cover photo,I mean,when I want to use some older photo app download it and then I have 2 same pics,get it?
God bless you
I think it's a terrible app takes up all the space on my Samsung galaxy x5
Awesome!
Look down at they think
Good performens
mu
Sloww
After the update everything change I can't even play video on my Sony Xperia Z. This sucks,  need to fix it.
Really social,helpful
ALL  IN HERE
Fy
Give back the option RECENT POSTS please
Heavy app than previous
Soooo verrry nice
My fvrt app
Keeps freezing up over the past week. Please fix the bug.
Realy superb

Wat to say abt fb..its d bst social networking site.. So if u hv it on ur android phone dn wat else is required...
I think the app is slow never updates and way tooo large. I hate that stupid gps feature I do not want people knowing where I am. So I always disable it. However for some reason the settings wont stay as I like them. I use to like the privacy of facebook and now there is very little to none. No where near what it could or should be.
Great
This app don't works fast in weak network and this app also uses too much data(mb) to run. Make a Facebook app which will work fast in weak networks and will not use too much data(mb) to run.........
Keeps closing after update
Ilove this apps
Nice
Prajapat
I should have read the reviews. . I should never have updated this crap.. I don't get some notifications but my mobile vibrates. . I have to open the app to see the notifs.. what the hell are you doing with the continous crappy updates
this new version take so many memory.i cant open any apps..i need to delete other apps first,then i can open facebook again.plz fix this.i like the old version..much better& more privasi..
Itssss gudddd
Love it
Hi
The app works much better now
Since last update, runs so slow that shows weeks old posts... plz fixxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx itttttttgtggggg
Wtf to much storeg space
Sabse acha
Saqib ali
I'm really swole you guys.
Fb love u and my name is moin i m a smaal boy
I love it
Every time I look at one of my friends photos they always freeze
Can't post a status. Can't share anything. Can't add photos. Don't like that I can't select recent posts. Don't much care for 6 days or so ago. Pretty much I can't do anything. Freezes up and shuts down my phone. Don't understand what's going on here. Please fix these issues.
Why u dont send everything I text nd try to send via Facebook? .
Too good
It keeps saying that it isn't responding fix plz also the app is way to big
It  is   very   nice
bcoz  i m fb addicted
Yessss
Really rocks
Veer singh chouhan
Reaally good htc wilddffiirrrr
exculpating
It takes a lot of time to download & also to load anything else!!
Since the Recent Update their is an error with Videos coming up saying that an 'error occured whilst playing this video' this happens on every video I try and watch.
Doesn't work
I would have given it 5 stars if there was option of copying text. Sometimes copying is necessary.
It's saying cannot view video unknown error. Can you guys please fix it!
I dont get notifications when the app is closed!
low
I don't lke facebook
It wont let me log in...it says network error or somethn, but my network is fine!!! please fix...its been like this for days
It is a good for friends
Nice
v.slow
Good app
Very bad
Great
Good but the app size is too big
THUMBS UP BUTTON REALLY ANNOYING
Fixed the bugs, way better now.
At the time of installation there are error coming ...-26
Very much useful app.
Khan
This app is useless. It's slow to refresh, pictures and videos won't load and friend requests can't be viewed. It doesn't deserve the one star I had to rate it.
Coool
Love u
Face book ok...
App
Smal happy
Since the update it says I have no notifications. But my phone's status bar says I have quite a few.  WTF?? And half the time my photos don't open. PLEASE FIX!!! And don't get me started on it freezing and shutting down.
Vast
Usable fast and seamless.
Nice app
my samsung s3 im downloading fb im in it after Next Day its gone from my cell Phone.  viber to it happening same thing
Jigneshsinh Waghela
Taking so much RAM and thts y hanging otherwise good ...!!!!
Superb
But even so I don't feel like Facebook needs to know who I call and when
Annoying
I don't think you guys read the feedbacks but still I'm gonna point out some of the missing components in your app.  1. Less options in "share with" . I.e. no "custom settings" 2. Can't reply another comment to a specific person's comment. 3. Can't download the videos anymore as we could before due to your stupid video player. 4. Can't see video's likes and comment while it's being played in the background as we can in a photo.  There are more but, I can't remember them right now.
L
good
Cool
Nice
Loved it
BEST APP EVER
Ilove facebook
Pelancaran
Good app
Nice app really useful
goood ssssss 99% ok
Apple iphone 5S
Great
Only World networking social Solution..
The new update is very bad, it's just ridiculous, the older version was much better !! It has a better UI now but the app is full of bugs now!! News feed does not load, it says no internet connection even when there is and the pages scroll up on their own!! It shows me same posts again and again!!! Even when I scroll down I see the same posts and some times it does not even log in!!! facebook should fix these issues ASAP!!
Good apps for fun.
Nice
It makes relation between frds always.
love this app much.
No matter if I'm at home on my WiFi or just on data somewhere else, my Facebook keeps on saying there are network errors and don't load videos.
So wery nice
Updates  just sucks!!!!!!!!!!
Much faster
Nice
Facebook is a great app because it lets people socialize with there friends and family. You could send your friends pictures links and presents that's why I like face
It takes alot to open pics.
It downloads very slow
malm drimu
Nice app
gud functining
For someone like myself that is not  phone literate...
Good
Singh
Tagging pages from pages you administer needs work. Otherwise pretty good.
Krhr a
awful, vk is much better
I find my many old friends on fb.and glad to share the moments.
It keeps giving me posts from days ago. It tells me that there are problems loading news feed and no internet connection. This does not happen with any other site or app.
Very bad.
Better than previous update
:-)
Adipoli
My privacy setting makes it so that I have to approve being tagged in a post before it will appear on my timeline, but the app Will not let me go to "timeline review" when someone tags me in a post.
Am using Xperia z2, it is always showing some error in the first few seconds of playing any video in Facebook posts
It's facebook bruh...
FB app logic: let's download the pictures in high-res so you can zoom in perfectly...then after 1 second let's reset zoom and set picture quality back to 2005.
Resan
When I open Facebook with my Samsung s5 it will just sit and spin and nothing happens. Very disappointed.  Not sure if it's the phone or the app. Just really disappointed in both right now.
Ali
Ehh
New update is slowing down my phone. Takes time to load and phone hangs for 3-4 minutes.
Too much space is required and stopped getting push notifications since last update when they are all ticked. Runs slowly. Fix please.
Great app like it very much
Works great! Love it.
I love fb but its size very large its make a hang to my samsung galaxy trend
After the update I'm unable to play video, whenever try to play video the Facebook gets closed. Previous version was better.
I love it
Again!! We need to sort the News Feed to most recent! I dont want to see old stuff
Love
Amazing
good
I love facebook
Wow fb ni cpat klau nk bkk....
It is consuming 62 Mb in my phone....and this app is of 20Mb only...don't know what's the issue...help me!!!!
Great it makes Facebook browsing easier
Great app
Still buggy at times but definitely a huge improvement.
Enjoyed it.
Nic app
Face book
F facebook
Loveit
Good
Why I ain't able to see the recent posts and 2 days old posts are in my news feed. I want to see the most recent posts, but I can't so I'm giving 2 stars.
Hello
This app is very kool
It takes to much space
Its  good fr chating wid our frnds other things its jst a time waste
To much take space of memory, please fix it
Thanks You! 
I think the Facebook application version was a fake rerouted version, because it was taking over my phone with passwords and stuff .
Takes up too much space sorry but I will still give us 5 stars
Sick and tired of seeing what people did several days ago. Needs to be up to date and also this app is to large. Won't let me update for not enough space. Its rediculous
Good
It definitely has it's problems. Especially when it decides to not work at all sometimes. But for the most part, it has been pretty reliable for me.
Need to work on it
Its a good app. Have trouble with pics showing up. Other than that its great.
33mb that too much memory... but the overall perfomamce is nice but plz reduce the memory ... like until 25 mb is enough ? thnk
After this new update speed goes tooo slow to lode story's, plz fix it as soon
Best applications
The news feed makes no sense. Big step backwards
Super app
Gh
Keeping the. Family together
Gud
What is error 961
Syncing option on my phone won't allow me delete the albums synced even when reinstalling the app.
O
Super app
The ap is working fine, but takes up so much memory on the phone I'm rarely able to install updates. :(
Id verification ? It's none of your business. Seriously.
Smashing lol
Still lags like crazy on 4.4.2. Resource hog.
Vedios dint open ever i have already complained to reports in fb but no one to solve the problem
Nice
Can't fetch older posts. And this one plays videos directly, why?
AWESOME
With it's help one can find his friend from all over the world.
Crashes alot
Youtube, search for mahrellon. :) This facebook app is good... yup.
Almost fully updated version there  is nothing left
Nickname
Fantastical...
No notification sound.
its a very good app
Aaawwwesssooooooooomeeeee
Please fix!
I like how I don't have to click to a new page to see "pages by post". It's more convenient. I like where the status bar currently resides on the timeline screen. I dislike how much space this app takes up. Y'all add and extra 40 MB to my phone right after installation, and then another 90 MB over time! I also dislike how my feed can't be sorted by Most Recent. Please fix that!
hi
Videos were as small as my thumb,  but at least I could see them. Now all videos say page not found. FIX!  NOW! Worst update ever. I expected more from fb. Especially faster repairs!
Crashes all the time. Locks up my phone. Should be zero stars!
I like it but there are hackers even when i change my password and facebook keeps kicking me out and telling me to reenter my password
I liked the previous version of fb ...but this is quite slow...but its ok..i will give it 4* if if will cm in the previous version.
But it is built-in in Xperia c which eats up internal memory
Lmfaoo this this the stuff
Gud
You
For an older version
GO
The new update killed facebook. IT WON'T EVEN LOAD THE APP. It use to just be slow but now it won't load at all. Just force closes
Good
Amazing
Its always slow and break
Use to Love it, but now it just makes me mad because it won't sync with my calendar anymore!!!
Good
Nice
Love it
Very useful
I don't get posts from most pages I follow.  My newsfeed automatically switches to the algorithm feed instead of staying "most recent."  When you click a story then come back, you go back to the top instead of staying in order. Sometimes it does so in the middle of scrolling.
Freezes after 2mins then have to force close and reboot every time for an app that is often in use this is about as annoying as it gets sort it fast
Much better
Likes
Love all
Its ok but after a certain point it starts to freeze up.
Why the hell is this so large what does this use the memory for my app has a data file of 87mb making the apps total size 125mb what the hell is it using all that memory
Not working to load videos
Goo
I don't know
Facebook
Good ...
Opera Best application
it takes too much of phone memory and ram
How many updates before u get it right?
Good
After 10 min. of trying to download this version of FaceBarn to my brand new phone on a WiFi connection I gave up. How big has this app gotten? Goodbye bloatware hello productivity.
Loved it
Great app!
Haider
Ebook
First off, it takes up WAY TOO MUCH SPACE. Do something so that the app can be moved to the SD card. Secondly, there needs to be a "most recent" option for news feed. I don't care to know what people were doing last week. I would like to know what they're doing now.
Won't let me log in because they've temporarily disabled my account for no obvious reason. The steps they've given to remedy the issue have only created more steps.  Nice work
Loveit
I am running android 4.0.4.. I installed facebook today but the start up is very slow... also takes a lot of time while logging out... Plzz fix it..my device is samsung galaxy s duos..its really slow..
Good
I cant see my messages in notification bar pls fix it
INew it
Good
Rifle
I can't do anything with this app, constantly having to force-quit. So frustrating.
Nice app
Hello
Takes up too much space it freezes
Ccada 2 minutos me dice forzar cierre y no es por espacio por que solo tengo Facebook y Whatsaap,su aplicacion apesta,si en una semana no la arreglan la desinstalo y no la vuelvo a instalar
it always crash..and make it transfer to sd card to free memory on phones..
Awesome
Santu
NOT HAPPY AT ALL! A want to see most recent status not 1s from hours/days ago! How do i change it? Sort it out plz or am deleting it.
Its a jolly good app
Gud
No more facebook is user friendly.
Killer
working good
Just awesome
Super
great!!
Yuva raj
This app takes up way too much memory and I can't download any other apps because this one takes up so much memory!
Way too much space needed! WTF! Facebook is not the only social network, they are the worst! I have been download five minutes and it's not even halfway done?
Good app
Wow
I look at maybe 5-25 posts before it refreshes. When I look at a post (picture, video, news story, etc...) I click back so I can repost it, like, or comment but it quickly disappears from the screen. I will be reading a post and before I finish the first sentence I am suddenly at the top of my news feed.  Fb has refreshed again. It is annoying and time consuming.  Plus half the videos I click on that play through Fb suddenly stop saying they encountered an error. No point of having Fb anymore.
Its ok
Nothing like anything....
i cant log in to my facebook through the app or online, but i can get on any other website
Good
Whenever I open Facebook it now freezes my phone and I have to restart it, EVERYTIME! Crap.
Kumbhani
i love facebook
Excellent
Best
V good
Like it
Face book
We should know what we are living for before dying for something
Constantly freezes. Hate it
Will anyone EVER fix this app????? Even after all the updates, there are still the same problems so what are the developers really doing??? News feed is STILL crap (not in order) and it still refreshes in the middle of scrolling through this all over the place feed. What will it take to get some answers??? Would also LOVE to know why my review is under "a google user" as if I dont have a name and why it is not shown with all of the other reviews
Cool
Great for staying in contact with family, friends, loved ones; and for following your favorite bands, musicians, name brands, etc.
This app deserves no stars at all! eversince I updated this thing my phone keeps on freezing and I can't use it. What's worse is it takes up a lot of space in my phone
Good
Video not playing well
Not good service always hung.....
Uses way to much internal memory.
Just poor. Gets worse with every update.
I am unable post or share posts says there is an error!
App takes up way to much space!! Please make it smaller
Nice
It take some space in my tab.because of that I can't play fifa 14
Tk de ape2
Love
No way of switching back to most recent storiea. Facebook needs to kill top stories
Nice apps
I love facebook its all i go on
Love facebook lets you connect to your friends
Awesome app.love it
Taking Up Too Much Space On My Phone .
Too many things wrong with this "update". One example is that I can't even watch videos. Another is the mistaken stalker! People think I'm stalking by liking a post that's 4 days old on the very top of my newsfeed, this is something EVERYONE is complaining about but NO ONE is fixing!
Getting lag after each update
Add an edit option.
facebook download mat krna pora chutiyapa ha khud hi sign out ho jata ha or hang bhi hota ha to bhaiyo ap sy guzarish ki jati ha k is play store sy facebook mat download karin ap ka farmabrdar dost h¨¤mza
I just updated my fb and when i wanyed to watch a video it will say that an error occured and facebook has just stopped unexpectedly and i will need to force close.                                                                                                                                                              Please fix it
I like this
Is the best app facebook  good luck
I love the app and being able to stay in touch with friends but it is annoying that I have to wait for every video to buffer before I can scroll past it.
Not bad
Well its a great app but very large
Jadi aku kasih bintang 5
nicee
On my phone, the pics in my news feed take forever to load, if they even load at all. Super annoying. 1it's starting to make logging in pointless. Fix this facebook!!!!!!
This is ausamm
Always a problem updating!  Always a problem uploading my photos or status! It ridiculous I'm looking for a new social media
Good
Update
This is reallyy a bad app
why use too large files?
Impressed !! :)
Non download !!!!!!!!
It wont load a lot of pictures even if my wifi signal is strong. And sometimes facebook just wont open period.
Best app
S¨®lo para chismosossss
On
:)
Thanks
Good look
Unable to download..
Very too good
Can't see any fb notification in Notification Bar .please fix it
I liked app fb
This download is way to big! It won't download because I "supposedly" don't have enough memory! WTF! No....I will NOT update! I guess if it states I have to I just won't have Facebook on my phone...at least it would open up a lot of memory for other apps I am interested in!
Hindi font doesn't work
I  can't open it still saying uninstall and re-install
It won't play timeline videos correctly on Xperia Z2, it's very annoying, everyone is complaining about it, very disappointing,  get it fixed quickly.
When trying to open app its re closes, and my app not updated as other are
No comments
Krasniqi
one
Arh!!!!
It is easy......
I have had nothing but problems with this app.. Can't like something.. Won't load my news feed.. Always saying something something is temporarily unavailable
Nice one
Okay I'm Kaison. Yo duh
Ever since last update im unable to log into game aps using Facebook details, fix it
Sameerz
Love it
My facebook is up to dat but i can see my emoji's untill i post that status or comment please fix this
Package file is invalid
I like this..
Ok
Grady Facebook dying to make money out of it and adding more features make application heavy and it become a piece of cap.
Mko
You mf's already know...
I love this app beacase I can use it anywhere.
Excellent
Memuaskan
Ridiculous! can't tag certain people in posts.
This app is very good when i install newly but after two or three days this gonna slowandb sometimes it don't notify me. please improve this problem okie... Then i again give five stars


Awesome appp for teenagers
Can't save photos on my device through Facebook app. After selecting save photo to device 10 times hardly one time the photo is saved.

Drama is Facebook
Very good
Useless
Its a very rough app its take time to load n then when it opens it will again closed after some time can u manage this ? Or not .....reply
Getting faster, response is much better than previous. Keep on updating.
Whenever I try to watch a video, it plays a bit and then it gives an error saying that the video is unfortunately stopped working. Please fix it.
Easy to online
every updates have crashed the app so i rate 3 stars only
Cheers me , keeps me going.
Always not responding.
I updated my facebook app today and it has stoped working. What should i do now?
...but has unfortunately become a most popular communication method among my friends and family. So, until FB grows a conscientious and a heart, I will have to overdose on ads so they can make more and more money.  It sucks that they peel their users to get so much more of it. Meh to you, FB.
Emoosama
Awesum
Almost everytime this app updates pictures stop loading whether I am on WiFi or 4g. Facebook messenger is also not giving notifications since updated. Samsung Galaxy s5
Facebook is my inspiration Please download it many people  Download it...lab u
Wonderful app
easy to use.... super awesome it is
very useful
WHY IS THERE AN UPDATE PRACTILY EVERY DAY!! IT'S SO ANOYING!
Xoxo
i love it
12664888
Hated it !
Excellent
Why does it need all these permission and takes way to much space on phone JUNK!
I can't update my f.b showing error about parsing the package or signature is conflicting what to do im havng very old version
It takes so much spare hope I haved a way to transfer it to my memory card
Hair
Good gosip
Insufficient storage? Ya rite!!
Download error is being shown again and again
Very good brower
Good
Love it
Adi sayange eppa
I can able to communicate my families and friends..
It just keeps saying setting up fb and never starts :/
Gay af
no
Good working this apps
It is very good that now we have faster fb
Skeemin
Great
I've been asking if you can make cover photos (friends, only me) not just public..please I don't like it when people I don't know copy my pictures..for now 3 stars. Thank you.
Great improvement keep it up
who
Very horrible after the update more than half my thing on my profile timeline are gone!!!!!!
Love it
I wish it would download content to card
Disgraceful... Unable to setup therefor unable to enjoy !!!
Good
Very cute
My first love fasbook
slow
Can this facebook size be smaller?? It would be so much better
Excellent
AweSoMe 9iiiic and co0l...!!
Not so
Not gud d old vrsn....
It would not instull
I like the app but please fix it because it has to many memory
It is OK
I am not satisfied with this app , it wont even let me get on Facebook.!
Yes
Won't download
but slow in my device
Hai this update all problems are fixed but  after some times the senting messages will very slow ...... please repair it ........  (I will give you five stars)
won't stop crashing, slow as molasses, loses signal frequently, hangs when closing.  update: the same 'what's new' update the past 10 updates?
App is constantly crashing
Very good
no one update the app... mark gone mad so give this type app to us
It only plays the first 15sec of every videos , pls fix this , I know its not happening on all devices , but i'm using Sony Xperia Z2
Good
This app takes up way too much space and you can't download it to your SD card. Other than that it's perfect!
super
no user friendly on tab.
Not bad
Used a lot of ram.
When someone replys to my comments it's seems like another comment not a replay, so you have to fix this facebook as soon as possible!
Luv this app
Good it is a good app
astig talaga
keeps closing
UPDATE Takes too long to load and wont load most of the time. THOT U FB PPL KNOWD WHAT UN WERE DOING??!! Its too slow. Loading is slower than last version. Wish i didnt update
number one
Dinesh Dewasi
Best app ever
Loy frin
Really cool
It keeps crashing recently =(
Nice
Turn up
why cant i download pictures from messages. it all started when facebook updated. ill give 5 star pls fix
After the update it crashes at start up.
Jitendra
I really like it.
Ach
Is op
Very slow.  Annoying. Keep on crashing.  Fix it. The previous version was better.
the last update was so bad
I 1 2 play
This app is too large. Can't you reduced it?^^
Love it
Got problem with loading up thing...
Works predict
Lovely apps
I can download Facebook. It's just. Find!
Gooood
??? Ion like it because it wont download on  mi phomee do better
:0)
123456
Please make a lighter version that can be used in low ram devices.
Tried multiple times to dwnload, gets stuck at 79% everytm, wats d problem?
When ever I watch a video, it starts then half way through stops due to an error.
Always running slow and crashes.
mast
Lovely
The app very good
Fine
Nice
App
I dont know what happend but it cant play videos to the end.
Good
updated July 19th 2014 now my phone samsung galaxy 2 freezes up. Facebook becomes unresponsive and shuts down. fix this Saturday Orion uninstalling Facebook for my phone it never to reinstall
Very good application for Galaxy pocket.
Facebook is really good for ours
Now unusuable as it crashes every 10 secs.
Nyc.. App   I really njoy!!! Chatting wid my far fam. frnds.
As I read all the reviews I felt that this application is ok
It is a wonderful and enlightening site with lots of opportunities to improve one's intelligence. A great way of interacting with old and new friends.
Awsome ..
Superb
Hmm
Why did you remove "Recent Posts" option? I'm going to download the older versions till you bring "Recent Posts" back, and no 5 star.
It keeps doing the force close. I can't open it at all... I have a zte majesty from straight talk. Please fix and I'll give more stars

This is amazing
It's fab !!!!!
Facebook is awesome!
It doesn't let me post ever since the update and I use a note 3
Awesomeness
Everything Is Great.!
IM BACK.
Good
Love it
Cool
Admin pls fix this whenever i use fb and scroll through my newsfeed, it happens that the app is closing . Btw im using Samsung Tab 3 8.0
This is an cool app if u have good connection
Most of videos can't be playing..... While it's playing middle of the video it shows an error message...thanks...
What eva u care
Because it is good for chatting friends and others :)
Nice
Plz add option of commenting as page and commenting as fb acount holder...this one is really needed ..and also option of changing page name...plz
I wanna this app be fixed and doesn't crash when u open it.
It's OK
Dis is jaffa.....app
its good but takes more space on my galaxy  grand
This app take so much RAM and make my phone unresponding and error, please fix it and I will give 5 stars
It's horrible after this new update. I can't play any of my videos
good app.for chating
Awesome
Such a great way to see friends with pictures n keep up with family n friends n events !!!
Best app ever
i hate it when the app keeps bringing me back on the top of the timeline whenever i return from opening a link or randomly bringing me on top of the timeline. fix it.its annoying. i want to return to where i left off. also, unlike in pc, there is no reply to comment button.
When on a data connection the images will not display and I am tired of seeing peoples posts from 4 days ago. I want to be able to set up and view my timeline the way I want to view it.
Great app
Okay
Kinda like the app but I feel like people be stalking me and stuff.
The new update sucks !
Too big and takes up huge space. Battery runs down. Wish it was less mb.
it is cool
Awesome
hi
All time love this apps.
ok
I think masmaganda ung dati?
I cannot load anything or do anything,always saying I have a connection problem, but I can watch 4g videos and everything else in other app's, fix it
After update its become worst. It keep saying 'facebook is'nt responding' i wanted to re-install it but i can't. I uninstall it and when i come to re-install theres an error occurs every time i try it.
I really liked this version and i apreciate your work and hope you improve it more and more as mush as you can.
i cant download it..why????? ive try at many times to download it this app. but i cant..why???!!!
hi guyz
Keeping in touch with family and friends.
Menyukainya
Like this app, so helped me to connect to people
lembab..
Bagal
This app is so very laggy and waste of time every time i opened it and it say Facebook not responding pls fix this and i will rate it 5 star
it doesnt work now..
Perfect
Y does it tyk so lng to instal dt aint fair
Awesome
This app really needs some TLC if it ever wants to be successful...The app has a couple of glitches and bugs that need to be fix and it keeps crashing also there is something wrong with the timeline it keeps disappearing or says error no clue why but get that fix please, thank you!
Very slow
This is awesome
I love it!  Very easy to understand and stuff
Shajada.abul.1
Can use in only 3G...not for 2G phones...very slow...tsted in mny sims...tis app is fr oly 3G users..
Too much space to download
It is brilliant app
Cannot play video full. Please assist
I am always on in this app
Nope crap to much space and lots a bugs uninstalled. With all the money ur man has could he not make this app better ffs
Can't download his memory very biiiiig !!
nice
Facebook
I'm having issues with the videos playing...when I try to watch them I get a message that pops up saying an error has occurred
It keep close my all friend it is very ausom I love it
Funnnnn
Nice app. No crash.
I send wrong
It'z so cool app i just love it
Top class
:-P
Best
It keeps booting me out and cutting my session short
With each update, it becomes less user-friendly.
Good
The new interface has made scrolling through the news feeds a hell! The crap upload list keeps popping from down if u scroll a millimetre up also and the 1 new feed on top altogether makes it hell!
Nice
Very good
But the app needs a lot of work. I don't understand why on the phone app, I can't reply to a person's comment or when someone replies to mine, I can't see it. This drives me insane. Make it happen fb
Always no 1 app
Nice and I love 8
V
slow
Please allow us to attach file in personal message.
Shiva
Ever since update ..crashes on attempts to watch video or clicking on pictures. Freezes phone. Plz fix
Pretty good
Good
Wonderfulness
Love you Facebook lol
Only a bit slow on android 2.3
I HATE, LOATHE, DESPISE the fact that I can't see the most recent posts when I open Facebook on my phone. It's the dumbest update, I miss many posts because Facebook thinks I need to see the most popular posts over and over again! I don't care if they're the most popular.
Triple h
Exilent

This app takes up a lot of space. It keeps on telling me its unresponsive and closes out. I uninstall then reinstall. Same thing. I can only look at 4 posts then it closes out. It would b nice to b able to choose which Facebook app we want cause this one is crappy.!! Please fix.
Loved it
The apps ok but y do u want to increase the storeage 90mb!
The number one website
Luv 8
An easy way to keep up with family an friends
Nuhun
uninstalled due to not enough phone memory
This app is draining so much of battery fix it in the next update.
It's a good app wher we share our point of view
Just a thought
Mark Zuckerberg Rooks!!!!
Many to large for using storage
Fantastic
Won't let me log in because they've temporarily disabled my account for no obvious reason. The steps they've given to remedy the issue have only created more steps.  Nice work assholes who needs birthday wishes from family anyways?
very good
Too many crashes
Problem while watching videos
Its says unknown error
Unable to upload videos - Nexus 5
Having serious issues with this app out of no where! My boyfriend all of a sudden cant find me and I can't find him.  At first we were friend but it kept kick us off add friend as were both sitting thier nxt to eachother we see how it just deleted or friendship.  Please help n fix ur site.
Cool App
Rated 2 star poor this new version so slow and can't install
vpk
It's gr8
Good
This app is pretty bad. It's like with each update, something else gets worse. Now, I'm lucky if 3 items in my feed load. The rest is just blank. And sometimes nothing loads at all, its just black. Can we please just get a working app?
I like it
Good
It wouldnt load anytjing amd said unknown erorr
Excellent
people spend most of their time on facebook...they must don't have a life.
ff bb faceface bookbook facebook fb my fb akhi v akhil
Good
Can't even use this app since installing last update :(
Cool
Waste
I have been having issues with sync,calendar, posts and anything else that have to do with Facebook.
App is too big, and slow
*-*'
Hi
Loved it truley
(Y)
The following
lovely
Happy Good luck
Is too slow but i loved it.
Make it more easier.
facebook
Sssssooooooooo ccccoooooooooooooolllllllllll
Not also good. What happen now to facebook?? It's getting worse. I coudn't sometimes see the picture and it is very long to load. Please fix this or else everyone will be no longer using this...
HAI FRIENDS PLEASE USE
I love it
Notifications do not work.
In the comment . Unable to link the person name who are not in my contact list. Last time it can. Please make it able.
Fast nd easy to use ;-)
Slow on galaxy ace, I would like to post holiday pics but cant
The new permissions required are too invasive,  i am really struggling with Facebook and it's use of my details
This is grate
Nice
good app
It's hard to download it...
nice app
It never installs in my phone..
Why..??
I m seriously hating facebook's app..
PleaSe fix this..
PleaSe
i can't downloand
Lovely day
This is god app but the games are not workig in my android
Oh
I suggest that Facebook app on mobile should have "custom" option for user choose who will see their new post, not only a group of friends, but maybe someone or some of groups,.. Besides, edit post option doesn't allow us to add or edit the place.
After update the app is slow and crashes all the time.
I have a Galaxy Note 3 and it takes great quality photos but when I upload them to Facebook the photos look horrible. Very low quality. The original resolution of the photo I uploaded was 1440¡Á1920 and then when I uploaded the photo the resolution changed to 540¡Á720. I would rate it better if it wasn't for this. I want to be able to share how great my photos look on Facebook. If you can change this, that would be great. I'll give it a better rating if this changes.
Nice application & good work for me
Unusable. Opens and freezes. That's it. One star til sorted. HTC ONE m8
Super
very good
Delly
Won't install after phone factory reset. Unknown error code. Zero stars if I could.
This is average app after latest update. It drains battery and uses lot of RAM. I uninstalled it from my phone. Please come up with lite and better app.
Very good
I don't know every I download I can but when installing incompatible update .please fix this problem
How to download the old one? Reply please..........
Samsung Galaxy S5
Babaal xa yal
Great app
A lot better but you need to stop updating soooo much...
Yaap that ish
Takes up too much space :/
M.k.d
A new way serf fb chque yr post an lots of things
Pssam
Stuck on opening
Secret
Crashs lots of times
Then I open the sticker section they take many time please improve speed for open sticker
It's okay!
Nice App
High
Faster
This app is  wonderful
Its too slow
Facebook App in ios better than android
Definitely improved over older versions
Never give guys without Facebook....
I love it very amazing very  elegant
Kul
very good.
I am  speechless as it doesnot work well in my samsung galaxy tab 4 LOL
Facebook
This app always says that package invalid!!  Fixed it pls!
Poor
Sucks......the post that is show is 6days ago all i want you to show is now not 6days ago
Myanmar
Ok  me un use all fine and stuff i mees a dribla...
High
sometimes it says no network connection or error,but my wifi is full and fast,fix it
Good
It used to allow you to see most recent posts and now it is random. I never know what I'm going to see. I miss a lot of communications because it isn't showing most recent posts at the top :-( please fix
All of the sudden none of my videos will play. The video player on my HTC one works fine on every other website. Fix this and I'll Change my rating.
Claro que me encanta y lo volver¨¦ a hacer jajaja

Its enjoyable!!
Went from 5 stars to 1 ... Photos are missing and videos are missing. Also posts are all out of date. I'm reading about what people did a week ago and not today. Its rather annoying.
Needs a lil more work.. always freezing up..
blahh
It takes forever to download
Fcf
It force closes everytime I am on it now thinking of uninstalling
Church New generation for Haiti 2010
excellent
Much Better
Amazing
Good
Could you pls fix it it takes all of my internal phone storage
Fkin Awesome app
I love this fb too much
awesome I lve dis
It updates very slowly
It takes too much space.but app is good.please improve about the space
This app is very good when i install newly but after two or three days this gonna slow please improve this problem okie... Then i again give five stars
Puku
Altought it has it's ocasional bugs other reviewers have stated, I believe it's main problem is the file size. If it was reduced, I guarrantee a higher rating
Nt soo gud as i cant download it n takes a lot of space

Since update I can't tag anyone. Please improve it.
Not to good .. need to fix ..thanks
Hevitina@efy uling

Simple and also nurturing just like an app ought to be!
Good
Hmmm.. x bad
App won't even bring up keyboard to make comments or status. I can read stuff but other than that this app is useless on my tablet. And pictures don't ever wanna load. Useless.
like like
Gud one
i love facebook
nice
Nice
Best app
Hi please make this app a lower mb because its so high i will give you five stars if u make it a lower mb.Right now im not doing fb since its un installed  so please -_-
So. Bad too slow
Best of all.
My other apps can't connect to my fb acct after the update pls fix
Reyzel miziel
Luv it:-*
Nic
Finding friends out of touch, & opening ur circle to new ones.
Its is not updating on my Noir A60.. Please fix it
VeryGood
Cool! :-)
Hogs loads of memory. Can't stop it from auto loading and it wrecks my phone for downloading other stuff. I like using Facebook but wish I could uninstall this bloatware app!
Fb                         .
Slow to update. Occasionally crash-happy. Terrible photo download speeds. Batch photo uploads frequently fail for no reason.  Thought things would get better when Facebook announced they had forced their own employees to "droidfood." Guess not. Terrible app undeserving of its official status.
It is easy use and an Access. This Application has become the best software in the marketplace.
It is really annoying!!! after I have scrolled down on the news feed a couple of pages down.  Tried to access an article and browser opens. When i click back 
New version broke the timeline feature, now it's just simple profiles without ANY way to view photo albums!!  FIX THIS!!! >:(
Khush kar doO
Patta
Better now with the update
I love facebook
Loved it
Good
Good
nice to connect friends!!!!!!!!!
With facebooks help I got so many friends icould connect with my families also
Awesum...
Too slow. Hell...  Compared to fast pro for facebook
Well I think it is its helpful to see if a zombie invasion is coming
It can be better!
Very precious app
Good
I love fb
It takes too much storage in phone memory. Why I/we cant move this application in our sd card? Please fix it.
Good
Anyway nice app...
Superb
It is very easy and a better to use and a very good way to stay in touch with each other
The app was working fine till the last update I did a few days ago,  now It will not let me watch any videos
Nice
Facebook sucks dick
Like
This app helps me to stay in touch with friends and family.
Nice apps for my phone
It takes up too much memory! And it should have a move to SD card option.
Without 3G it's very slow . In 3G it's too good
Be Happy
Its take lot of memory
Nice
Xperia c (best whats app compare to window phone
Pratik siddhapura
Pelletier
I can even post photos and status update even when I don't have internet access. That is the best feature I just loved. thanks
Good
Like
Fix stutter.
It has always been an app for flagship terminals because it takes a lot of resources (I had a Galaxy S, a Huawei Y300, now a Nexus 4). Now the News feed only works on wi fi (sometimes it's only the photos that fail to load) It deserved 5* until the last update of 07.17.
Bien
Brak slow
I wish Facebook would take up less space
Works great on every phone inhsve had
Facebook
Have to change options
So many errors everytime I open this app. Please fix it.
Awesome
Keep it up?
You can keep in touch with old friendsa and family
Wow
Very Poor Plss Older Vorison
Buraikmu..
FB SUX monkey nuts!!!
So the app itself is OK, but any video I attempt the play just crashed the video and the app!
Super app
Batter then web browser
Meoldy
Takes up too much memory kinda sucks
It so love love fb
Great
So slow
Vry nyc application
997298702
I love it
Good job
Yeah
Fb is good awsome
I cannot add a profile/page to my Interest Lists. Please make this possible and I will change to 5 stars.
FIREFLY S60
Very good

this is  best site with me friends
Good app
hii
Poor
Works great thank u :)
Like it

Most recent update fails to play video on my HTC One M8
Very nice
O
Hate it.. If you're on someone's page then in their photos.. You can't simply press menu and navigate somewhere else.. U have to keep pressing back..TERRIBLE
The update is great but now I am not able to view Tamil Tamil characters properly. Please fix it.
Please give tablet/mobile users a way to sort their own news feed to most recent or top stories.  When I have to see the same postover and over again.  It makes me not want to even go on to facebook.  I know I am just one user and you propbably don't care.
Wajib install
Jesus
Great app love to stay in touch with friends and family.
The only complain I have is I use the most recent feed instead of top stories and it doesn't show like 75% of my friends posts??? Please fix.
You can post faster..
The data is always increasing and it gives me hard time scrolling the fb if my phone storage is out of space.so uninstall.now i install again to get out of that crap. Free call is best.like it more.
Goooooddddd

Poor app
GooD AppS.
Used to get crashes automatically when I used to see older posts
its always update. my mem0ry almost full in always update
Great app
Viji
The best apps every...
Please updated automatickly.i will try many times to download but after78%download,it stop automatickly.what can i do?
Mostly all like and join this group
I jst luv it
Own House
Wowww... :)
baduyy
Brilient
Nice
Facebook! Friends n family!
Better then
I liked it now ... No crash nothing ... Works smoothly
It's  Facebook. ......m
Nice
Ilike fb
Its a vry gud app but plz reduce the app size
Can't install on my zen 6

really poorly designed. And clearly the team doesn't care they don't reply to comments
Facebook
It's so laggy & logs you out a lot
Sometimes, It's getting slow! -_- Please fix immediately.
Yahoo
Awesome
when I have 100+mb & 400+ memory. Have to uninstall and now I cant download it anymore. Bye Facebook app..
Take to much place
Because I cant play Fb games but If I do , maybe I can give 5 stars
I hate this!!
I AGREE with the others, the app is too LARGE and needs to be moveable to the SD card. Plus it should either overwrite or remove older program
Gooddddd
Love it
It takes too much space i wish to transfer it to SD card..
Nice
Keep on freezing since last update need 2 b fix soon
U
Shihori gujarat     I love you facebook    385550
Doesn't work well while using wi.fi...Pictures & videos take forever to load even though I have excellent wi.fi strength & signal!
Loved it
It is a good social togetherness among world
Time consuming  Plz mAke it fast
Super fast like this
Super
It is freezing up and causing my phone to erase data. Didn't have a problem until it updated itself. Please fix this.
Lan jo matho ahy dowload hi thi thy
tanzeela
Please bring back the unfollow button on an individual post. I hate that you I comment on a post and the original poster or friend says something stupid and your stuck getting unwanted notifications. I remember when you could just press the unfollow button and it would instantly unfollow the post. Now you have to do a song and a dance just to unfollow an NOW annoying post that you commented on 2 hours ago.
The most I love
Very tot
Great shortcut
I like the idea of social connection
good app, but it takes ages for the notifications to come through to ure fone
Ok

Good
Nice app
Please fix.
Nice app for using facebook
It takes big space and i always uninstall it and download it again so that i can use fb pls fix this so I can give u 5 starts thank you
Wow
This app was to much good but its takes to much space
Nice1
Like this app plz uage this
I cant choose to my liking app to play videos. Not responding frequently.
Jarman
It is okay for me i give you five star becouse i enjoy this app 
Plays videos automatically without me even pressing play,  really annoying
I hate it!!-_-
Will not load. Keeps coming up with force close.
Awesome app...looking beauty guys.... #$$$
Perfect short cut to get online to FACEBOOK!!!
vastly improved in recent update! Still waiting for an app to take the place of the website.
Eats up 3x the memory it used to. Also pretty sure it's disabling my battery charging port cuz I didn't have this problem before the update, & now my phone won't charge after opening Facebook, thus I have to restart my phone over & over. Also can't open messaged 80% of the time. Crashes repeatedly, too. You know, you could just stop trying to change what was fine before.
Bhargav  raval
Bhavana ranka
Let us change our default newsfeed.
Takes too much time to load.. very slow... I wish I could give half star....
Nice
Dn't like
I love this app
4 me it's k bcoz it should be downloaded mr faster....!
Not as watered down as previous versions.
Fix your glitches! STOP AUTO LOADING OF VIDEOS ..IT FREEZES UP MY NEWSFEED..THANK GAWD I HAVE UNLIMITED DATA..PATHETIC FOR YOU TO DO WHEN OTHERS DON'T HAVE UNLIMITED DATA FOR THIS!
Yo yo
Before the update 5 stars now how are you supposed to find most recent if it is not there?!?!?!  Fix it!!!
Good apps
Facebook it's OK, when it wants to be. I just hate the fact that, when I'm on Facebook it closes me out. They need to do something about that.
Update broken
Mohata
But hide the edit history
Superb
K
I heat the this
YEAH :-)
If I install this it is saying that not enough memory while I am having 1gb space in internal memory
Inayat wazir
Hoooo
I love this application excellent for me
I love it..:)
Love It
Like it love it
Good
The app is huge for one thing and it constantly crashes. If you fix the crashes then it could be usable.
i wish i can send a video through message. hope you can fix it.. one more thing, it always lags and it's very irrating. it loads verrrrrrrrrry slow..
Vary slow
Online frinds not show
hi
I cant read the reply on comments or making a reply on comments..
SPENT 20 MINUTES ON A COMMENT. TRIED TO EDIT IT. MISCLICKED AND DELETED IT. MAKE A WAY TO UN DELETE IT. OR A CONFIRMATION SAYING, DO YOU WANT TO DELETE? THIS ISNT MY FIRST TIME...... DIDNT GIVE ANY WAY TO UN CLICK THE ACTION........  Videos dont send anymore. They act like they are then on the final part just says failed after 2 minutes of "final buffering"  -_-  crashes alot.. My picture comments don't show anymore and literally disappear. Pictures and picture comments don't load. Can't see music Iliked...
Mr kwazikwenkosi Thamsanqa Mabuza
016382171
Ajay
Good one
Nice apps
This app's ok but runs slow, if you are wanting a 5* then up grade the app by making it faster to use
Always so many problems and bugs. For the last two days my time review hasn't been working. Sometimes I can't open my messages. Sometimes comments won't load when I try to see what someone commented on one of my photos. These kinds of bugs are pretty ridiculous seeing as this app has been around forever. Just fox your problems already.
love it
Facebook
I try many times, but can not updayte.
Good to keep up with family
Nice
Does what it says, nothing more, nothing less.
Nice
Facebook
Awesome. .........
Facebook
Ossome
Messenger
I gave 2 star only. Very slowly updating!
But I hate having to stare at the same post from 5 says ago!!! Also all these updates make me have too uninstall and delete stuff just so Facebook will stop demanding I update it!! Why does the Facebook file need to be so giant?! It takes up about all my space and when I finally make.enough room for Facebook it tells me.the download url was wrong.
Very nice!
One of the most pathetic updates ever.
Nice
Worst app.....!!
Quite informative
After the update its working quite slow and taking too much time for logging in and out.... Plz fix this... Because after the update facebook becomes sucksbook.....
Even if I don't have nofication it is showing that I have an 1 notification
crashes in phone when ram under 1gb or 512 mb -_-  please make it easy and light
I love this app! No worries!
Dirty zionist child killers
Perfect
fauopuyb
:3
Just another tool that he uses to guide people away from real priorities
Time consuming  Plz mAke it fast
The best
think its great as on the main site cnt do nowt but looj at news feed
Plse making improvement for better app not make it become bad performance
Loved it
Tooo useful
It should be more fstr !! And it is takeing too many space of my phn memory !
its amazing
Other than forcing close occasionally, I absolutely love this app! Easy access and uncomplicated!
U
Facebook
Very big size and crashes all the time fix it!!! :( please everyone love this app please do something!!!
Vare nec
Cool
por
so slow
Gr8 app
Nice
This not good anymore.. you keep on updating and its getting bigger and bigger.. well its not useful anyway   nothings CHANGE..ur wasting our capacity with our phone
It takes more of space and moreover we can't send messages
This app only download halfway and then stops not good at all
It is best app for all mobiles
Embarassment
Amazing
Very good
Good. But slow for me
My news feed is always coming up with news from days ago rather then recent updates. Also my shortcut icon keeps appearing as though there is 1 new notification when I've already opened it... it always seems to happen when its a new friend request. The only time it disappears is when I Confirm or Ignore the friend request which as most of you know, sometimes I don't want to accept (or ignore) ..immediately. If these issues are fixed, a definitely 5 stars from me.
Always be doing good not for today is beccause of tomorrow
One of its kind.
Nice app but ths app big size
Very bad
Great app.... loved the new look but you guys at fb really need to reduce the size of this app. On a 1GB disk space on my phone this app alone consumes 70MB and also slows down the phone.
Every other update is another issue with you people...now video won't play since I last updated it...I'll change rating when it's fixed...
Use this
Ok for keeping up with friends and news links.
I do not know what happen. That's it.
Best for facebook
Best of best
Large app but still hell lot needed for improvement!!
When i open the app it says error loading news feed fix that!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I could've told u whether i liked it or not. Bt it didn't download at all! Takes up too much memory. Absolute crap.
Video is always play by itself without my permission plus video play itself cause this app freeze. I hope you would be fix this, thumb down.
great app
just updated it.. very poor design
1334
Nice
Good
Since June the push notification for Facebook app notifying the unread/incoming notification from friends have stopped! Why is that? I don't receive any notification updates anymore. When I open the app then I can see, sometimes there are 5 notification sometimes more. Why am I not receiving the update ? Will not increase the stars till then.
I hate this new fb look. I hate how we can't see recent newsfeed,  it's showing me stuff from 2 days ago && I'm not liking it at all..plz fix this!!
Because l hate fb
So good
its vewi slowwwwwwwwwww .... nd it always forces tew close   #unislld
Nice app
Really Sooper
Nice
Bajwa
MOST RECENT :@ feed isnt working! And why isn't it accessible from the main.screen??
Are are not showing. I click on then and nothing happens....
New Update is not that good
VERY VERY THANK YOU I REALLY LIKED IT. GOOD WORK KEEP IT UP AND MAY GOD BLESS U.
Good
Zeldatucker
sultan merani
The video's wont play
I dont know why i dont like facebook anymore. I really miss pet society!!!
Gotta love this app!
Very nic app
Generally ok. Annoyed that embedded videos are not able to play
i like...but too slow
Good
This app takes up a whole lot of my phone memory. Please make an option to move it to memo card. Its just too large in memory consumption.
When I play a video about 10 seconds in it stops playing and gives the message: An unknown error has occurred. Please FIX
Like it.... <3
Is there anyone from FB that reads these reviews, can anyone respond to all the problems that everone is having, please fix.
Kumar
The only gripe I have is I honestly dont care what happened 4 days ago yet it still pops up in my newsfeed as if it something new.  Sure I didn't see it 4 days ago and maybe I'm interested now but 99% of the time I'm not.  Lets leave the news feed to current items.  I do not want what is literally "yesterday's news" or in this case almost a week ago.
Im liked facebook
Good
Worthy  excellent
Hello friend how are you
Awsome
Its okay with other things but it doesnt show all the online people and cant even mention them.
Cool apps
All the videos that are streaming keep telling me it cant play it... Its bs and needs to be fixed please.. Once fixed it will be 5 stars, just very frustrating at the moment.
i hate it but sometimes i love it! Yeah i know that this is a good app and many people had this! But facebook? You need to fix this!!!!!
Facebook
Does anyone get the feeling that our comments fall on deaf ears......
LG-LS720 like
I like this web i love it
Yanthi cantik
Always failed if i want to update.
App
This update ...idnt like it
Lolz
Lot less useful now messenger removed
Good Apps
I have tried updating this app several times, I have 250 Mb of free space, I have cleaned the caches, even deleted all of the data associated with Facebook, still says 'insufficient space'. I've had enough of this app, now uninstalling.
Excellent
To much memory use this app.
I love it so much!!! :).
Every time when I'm trying to turn the notifications off , it doesn't work.
Jubber just
Nyc app
Please updated automatickly.
This app always forcecloses when i open my game clash of clans only i dnt know the reason but i wish that u will fix it
So good
Nice app works perfect in my HTC
Super
All very helpful
Good
Application
Facebook
My favorite!
Ok. Keep move forwards
App keeps freezing and unable to do anything then keeps popping back up when closed. Can only restart my phone to fix it. Also shows me status's from days ago not the most current which is really annoying. I want to see new posts not posts from days ago. Sort it out.
Now its sucker than ever, video player sucks
youtube
Downloading the picture isn't working properly in the latest version, look into it asap!
Nice
Very nice apps....
Muy buenas
My feed is never upto date I dont care what happened days ago I want to know whats happening NOW!!!
Got message saying had to delete facebook and re instal app. Now get error 24 and facebook wont install
This waawwwwwwww sign in facebokk
Great. Can download photos so easy with this app.. Great.
Love it
Don muzong gwasala one
Well it has been acting up recently. Comments won't show up and it's a little slow on refreshing the news feed. It would say something's wrong and when you refresh, it does the same thing. Other than that, I would say it runs rather smoothly. LG-optimus L9
It's very pretty from the previous version.But it's little bit slower....
Good

Good
Facebook is faster than ever!
User friendly
Great app
Uploaded video but can't upload another one. What is this, did I violated fb policy? But I didn't. There should be detecting tools for uploading video as well as photo then
Sad app :(
My news feed goes all the way back to the top as soon as I click on something that takes me to the internet and want to go back! I wansnt don't reading my news feed for the day and takes forever to get back to where I was! Rarely happened w/old app. Can't edit or delete my comments on posts and can't click on someone's name when they post a status to take me to their profile...just takes me to their comments on that status! So utterly annoying! Can I revert back to an old app somehow?!
Wow very dol this aaps
Helping
Nothing
Very nice excellent
I wish this app was made available to transfer to my SD card. It is a ridiculously large app file and takes up far too much phone memory. Samsung Galaxy S5
I like this....
Ecellent
You can see most recent you just have to hit the icon on the top right
so very slow! Annoying! Why?
lv it
Still needs improvement
This app is awful and it makes me feel sick

Its perfect but takes time to install
Recomended To All FB Users.
Ok
Pls update it
It takes 30MB just to keep my info when it says it only takes 19, it crashes sometimes, takes too much to load and asks for more space, what for?
Good
Can be better and speed
Y

These is the best app ever
Okay
Good
awsmmm it is
its vry nice social networking site
this app is really good and it is really quick
Poorrrrrr
nice app
facebook
This update keep crashing... The last one didn't. Shouldn't have bothered!
Ram Vijay Thakur + 1'd this
It is like a china made product, not reliable, not responding at all. Im very sure the programmers of this facebook are chineese!!! That is why the app is so stupid just like chineese
Very impressive but i want to turnoff chat for some particular people..add an option to turn off chat for individuals
Love it
Best TP ever. ..
little slow, else good :)
After the update the app suck i just plus it 1 more stars because before the update came out it's was my favourite app :'(
On the 2nd day it crashes when loading news. Resolve, pls this issue.
Fck U
i like this apps its cool yes!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
820212
It speaks for itself
I hv try 2 download 4 more than 5 days now bt stl haven't thn installing my MBs ar over always i by 50mbs bt all gone after 30mins always cn u mk it earlier pls
Nice
Enjoying wid frndz. :* <3 :)
I really like it so much
Nice
Like the new one ! First I always go to Google bow this is so nice
and if i can save image, reply a comment, more privacy options, that would be great...
Varry varry good
But its eating my memory, i should get fb v.9 for my mobile. Where can i download?
Gud
Stop changing things for the worse...
Still can't access old videos I've uploaded.  Verizon Note 3
From virus and  other  troubling  systems
V.T.Lankes
The, last update is awesome. No bugs, no crashes anymore.
Open the apps & suddenly shut down
I m hooked
it make my phones lagging,and i hate it!
Dil laghi
Keeps crashing!!!
I don't get the new look until I close it and open again after 10 minutes..
Continue to close while using it since the update! Please fix!!!
Pls add video download option
X
Good
The memory has more than 1.2gb after sign in. Clear data is useless!
Good.
Woooo
Nice app
Good app
Closes unexpectedly.
Nice
K co cho che
Freezes often.

Uff
l
Urgent update!
Takes too much memory
Me
Works great for a couple of days then its all down hill from there! And I've trialled this app three or four times then uninstalling always hoping that maybe they've improved and fixed all the kinks. No such luck! This app truly "SUCKS THE BIG ONE "!
Lol
Just terrible
liked it
I just hate this apP...its a buLshit aPp
PLEASE LOOK INTO THIS. Everything's fine for me but I can't post photos in a comment section. In no way does it allow me to post a photo in a comment section only if I update a status.
Keep it up
CONFUSING
Luv luv
I love it
Globle village
Nic   but  one  folt text  not  seved
I love to use it
Needing to stay untouch THANK YOU FACEBOOK
Doha
Nice app
Its a great chat room!
Super
fixs the bug
Super awesome unbelievable I love it
it lags freezes & crashes way to much for my comfort fix it & ill redownload till then ive uninstalled
Great!!!
Good
Fahid
Lim hour8
Like it :)
How do I sort my photos into date order in my albums? I want the newest ones at the top...they are currently all out of order and it's impossible to drag and drop them.
Awesome app . I love it. The stickers are also awesome. But I would be happier if there were more varities of free stickers. For example, doraemon ,shinchan, barbie, Pokemon, etc. And I like the previous look more.
astig
Not gud
Umair
very useful
Just like I knew it!
Every time I update this app it force closes before I can even look @ fb I'm very dissatisfied with the updates for this app
i would really appreciate if facebook has an option to upload pix in ORIGINAL SIZE AND RESOLUTION.   two stars for now.

Good
Its not letting me see my friends list
Loved it
Good
New updation of fb is two slow to get notification. We cant copy text of other post.
Its great but now it will not load anything and I uninstalled it and installed it also downloaded it too but its not working HELPP! please
Good
You no know
What a joke! 40 mbs..i miss the old one
Consumes much power and space. And slows phone. Need to be light
Good
So happy
It's very good.
It's Cool cx
I can't download it...always error please fix it
Philippines
Won't start after new update
Good
Easy to use...userfriendly...
Awesome updates.
Wtf ?! Can't open it
Good
Awesome!
Average
Good
Guys app does not play vidoes after 2 use please rectify the same. The app crashes when tried to play a video.
I can't stand not being up to date/time with the posts. I don't want to know what people did like a week ago, I want to know what they're up to in the present.
I love this app
excellent
The app occupys too much space on my phone 's storage
Good for  people to come close
All.qassam.masyaallah
Really don't want to see stuff within my newsfeed that happened 6 maybe 7 days ago! Sort it out Facebook absolutely rubbish app getting no better at all!
CAUTION. MINEFIELD. ACHTUNG, MINEN. USE EXTREME CAUTION. PTSD PATIENTS DO NOT ENTER, WILL CAUSE EXTREME MENTAL DURESS.  AMERICAN SOLDIERS BEWARE - ESPECIALLY VIETNAM VETS- RADICAL SPITTING HIPPIES AND MISCREANTS WITHIN. ENTER YOUR OWN RISK.
Good
BRING BACK SEARCH OPTION YOU SELFISH CORPORATE PIGS!!!!
Keep them current!!
Super
Great
Nice App ...
Like being able to stop notification on posts. App does not default to Most Recent upon opening, must go to menu and select it.
At least once a weekthe app causes my screen to go black and crashes my phone
Love it
I rather have the old one
Y this fb app keep telling me error to download..please uninstall and reinstall at google play..i did so many times..just so annoying..please fix it!
Keeps booting me off within a minute of being on, feed not current.
Nice
It takes large memory storage plz you guys work on
I don't care about "top stories" so it shouldn't be at default! I know you can change it but only temporary. Newsfeed jumps to ramdom posts which is irritating and frustration. Also FORCING another app on us to be able to use the pm function is a joke. FB and FB messenger are so slow it's ridiculous. There's so much more wrong with this! The next social network is just around the corner! Get it together!
It works and theres new updates with new things and faster ways to do things but it holds so much memory, I cant download
Excellent     Goooddd
I could forgive the app for being such a memory hog or unresponsive from time to time, But give me back my recent/highlights option for my news feed!!!!
I really like Facebook cause is very reliable for many things
We guys really need to fix this slow application which is lacking so many features!
i like it
Ekstra
Good everything works 
When I open a post which has a external link and after some time I try to go back to Facebook app it takes me to the latest posts which I already have seen. Please fix this! Asap.
I m on FB not to read top news. And u are showing news stories on top. Why can't u make it simple as most recent on top.
It takes how many days to try. to intall this page..but when it got 90+% it turns error..is my android has an virus or their is only upgrading in the system?plz need somebody to xplain....ty
Its ok for the most part it seems to me thouvh it takes some of the personal contact out instead of direct contact its like 2party comm.
Rahma Muhidini
when i use chat off mode...i think nobody see me....but when i asked some 1...they answered "you are online here"...its very bad.....please fix it
I dont know why did'nt I like it.
Very good app
Its great for friends
Super duper
Nice
it keep takes too much memory.. since its updated sometimes it doesnt work properly & i have to force it close!!! please fix that lag
Great apps
I can't play videos like I use to, also my messenger is so slow.
But not work in slow cannection
It's good to make friends on Facebook

New layout is not impressive...updated still wait even though we are online...chat messages take ages to travel to others..pics cant be share on other social app like g+,etc...top commenters are not shown on a post...and other such issues.
Nice 1
facebook
I like facebook anywhere.
Myself
Hi there, uhn everytime I go to a friend's profile, it wont let me see their profile, and it said that, "Facebook has unexpectecly stopped, please try again later" and i try it like 10 times and it still dont work only mines¡­ Please Fix this in  the next Update, I'll rate 5 stars.
Nice App:))
You used to not be able to move to sd card. .. now I can thanks moving my rating from three to five
Keep it up
pls. fix!!!!!!!!!!
Good sharring.
50506070
I hate that it is not in chronological order.
Love it very much
Love it.
Superb
I can stay for days without viewing the latest newsfeed! U must give an option for another version of facebook,clearly this one is not working. Nd the painful thing is,even if I delete this version,nd try to load older version....then sloooow android version keep on cumin back. Android nightmare!
Haven't tried it out yet bit here from people that has used  it And they say it's great
After updating doesn't work on HTC One S.

I love it
Unique
Thanks!
Jesus take the wheel Cuz this fb app is full of u know what how do I sort out my timeline everything is all mixed up together today plus 3days ago smh
Eats too much space 40 mb. Couldn't enjoy it much. Constantly needs to uninstall first before I could get in again. Sucks!
Pls. Fix some lag issue to give you 5 stars...
Hate looking at the Top Stories. I don't care about it and I am pretty sure no one else does. I'll rather hear about my friend's post that happened 5 minutes ago, not from yesterday.
This update sucks it won't allow me to scroll down my news feed without the app closing itself
Keeps crashing won't update the newsfeed. Posts from a week ago do me no good. I love Facebook, but this app needs help. Uninstalling it doesn't fix the problem, still keeps pulling this crap. I want to be able to open it without it showing me the same posts, freezing, then crashing.
Links don't open properly, videos don't play and if you do not allow contact syn you receive Android . process. Acore failing. When will you fix this Facebook. Xperia-z2
LOVELY
You click to comment on a photo and it will take you right to the beginning again so I miss things that I may have wanted to look at. I can't respond to a text while looking at it either because that knocks me straight to the top too. Reporting anything is a joke as its not really looked into. I think everyone has at least once clicked on something labeled one thing and it actually takes you to pornographic things you report it and they don't actually click the link so they say its allowed to stay smh
This app really sucks it doesn't won't to load and it still uploads new feed from days and weeks ago I wanna know what my fridays our doing now plz fix I hate using my Internet on my phone to get on Facebook
Good As always.
With all the changes to the FB app, it sure has gone downhill. Needs a way to get posts in order of posting.
VERY AWSOME
melike
Mint
I want old version
Its a book w faces
Cool
Bad I can't download the app.
Facebook app is really slow.. And it doesn't show you recent new feed..
Bst App ever
Poor
Good app very und¨¨rstanding
Keep updates coming!!
UI is terrible, and there is no way to change to most recent stories. Also this goes far from Google's app format, is implemented for reason but you know.. Whatever. Edit #20 is there a way to add no stars?
I love Facebook everybody with me
I don't know why facebook is always updating and you know what nothing changed it's still facebook (black and white) -,-" It's getting worse. Just now i open my facebook and suddenly it pop out saying "SESSION EXPIRED." I hate apps that keeps on updating it takes up phone memory.
Lately I have been having trouble uploading my photos that I have been tagged on. Not liking this very much.
loved it
I have a LG optimus F6 (lag is not very surprising, but it's really bad) and then I have a 2013 Google nexus 7!
Won't let me upload pictures as comments! Ugh really? Uploads the comment but not the photo. Fix please?
After the update, I always see double comment, please fix
When I went upload a pic it didnt work right all time
Good good
This is very good app...I like it..it is a very enjoyfull...on when you fill bored..
Loved it
The app keeps on turning off can't even view one single status -_____-
Awesome app
Would like to see an option to default to most recent always.  Also, many times when I click on recent it says cant load feed, but everything else works.  Have to kill app and restart to fix.  Galaxy s4
Takes to much memory
pen  ei  phyu
Its amazing..
It wont load some videos and pictures since last update. This is bs. Fix this now.
This app has never been good but this is the best it has been. May not work on low end devices but 1gb of ram should be enough
Life
Loved
All people in the world can connect to each other easily
I can't have the recent post for my friend
Can load notifications,timeline or newsfeed. Wont up load pics!! Please fix.
I love Fb <3
If I could give this app a negative rating I would. I'm constantly freezing on my galaxy note 3, can't see pictures , or get notifications.
I'm not satisfied
It's so cool
It is lovely application I like it most of that
Can't see recent post I actually seeing last week's post wtf guys come on your better than this..
Good
Very poor
Awsm
It sucks!!!
Srijana shrestha sudip shrestha
Force closed every time it receive msgs. and it doesn't give notifications .

Malfunctioning On My Galaxy S4 !!!
Thanks
Facebook must reduce file size.....
Gud
Facebook
Exlent
Can b downloaded easily n a nice app
I use Facebook almost everyday its a great way to share photos with friends and talk to friends and family!
Whenever I try to upload photos it will either lag and shut down or blank my screen and shut down. I'm completely unhappy with that portion, because that's what makes facebook, facebook. Posting, sharing, tagging. All things I can not do now.
It takes up too mich memorys after its downloaded somethimge like 50mb which is rediculous. I would also like to select most recent posts
Ranjit ravtoni
It keeps me update with my friends activities. Never minds whether i am in touch with anyone or not but i love to see updates from them.
I do agree that the option should be available on this updated version to only view recent posts!
Best
Very good but lacked in privacy.
I fuckin love tha book
Good app i can talk with people all around the world!!!!!
Yes
i dont know what is hapineng whid my fb its saw low and my katana is not responding
Nice
sial
Ever since I updated I can't watch any video posted it just freezes an then telles me unknown eror has occored fix it !!
It is taking a while to send messages. Please fix the bug as soon as possible.
Raai Navin
Helps me keep in contact with my friends and family that don't have phones with quicker access.
As a switcher from iOS, in-app scrolling is choppy, especially when loading pictures on news feed. I'm running this one HTC flagship phone, with no lag outside the app at all. Please give us a another experience. Material design would be nice ;)
Every time im trying to download this app it say there is error occur please fix that for for me thank you in advance
My best
Below average
Is not too fast like wts app...day after day fb is too slow even in 3G....after instlng it hangs the cell....reqst to dt plez updat in it something new.
This needs an option to always display most recent posts. Right now it is buried in the last tab at the bottom.
...i cnt get new updates n i cnt evn get proper notification... the app gets too much struck... it needs quick recovery... plz fix it early n add sm good features...
It's ok
Very poor I cant download.the app
I still like Google + way better
the best social website and app.
I see improvements. The size is impossible though
I inboxed to every people in my friendlist.. such a disappointment that I didnt even do anything, how is it possible to happen in midnight when I am asleep? Also now I cannot login back . And I am just being shown that my session expired. Please fix it right away.. I am really angry
Invalid
Great app
So nice
Its fun to be using
Why???
Facebook
This app fu up man
Booo
You run videos that eat up my data then I want to watch a video and it wont load then in news feeds there is no way to sort them so I can c whats happening today not days and days ago its ok it they comment on it today and it shows from an older post but this is crappy fix this or im getting rid of this idk if its the phone apps or what but something has to give there was really nothing wtong b4 the last update quit tryin to fix things that arent broken omg....
its it defecult.. to open my facebook how many time to google in play store but cantly what should i do now.. acuatlly i like the facebook but some time i need againt to activeted the password i dont know what happens.. this..ihope have to make action to display this comment thank you..
Is awesome
Dustinellard
Dinesh Dewasi
Nice
Very fantastic
Hated it
Now it was working gr8
This app is a landmark in the history of bad apps, loading apps from the time of the stone age to a week ago,but never the ones I want. Photos cannot be viewed properly, and oh, did I mention that it consumes battery like there is no tomorrow ?
I love it Facebook it when you find your old friends I like it  is really nice

Some annoyed on fb app nowadays. .error play video on XPERIA Z2 4.4.2 , cant set feeling. .hope fix it ASAP !! Ur are not doing it alone right. .so make it fast. .
It is easy and comfortable to use..and a better access to facebook..much swift..
cool
unable to watch videos, keeps freezing. stick with my big computer
Nice app
I like facebook. Just not this update. When I go to watch a video it will freeze and close out of it, stupid. Somedays it won't let me like stuff
Good way to reach friends
Its good
Fast
Fakap kipidap yo Macam cadbury lagi!!! Ntah apa2. Sat2 patah balik, apaaa...
It cannot update the latest happenings
Gud,,,,
I Like ThIs ApP BeCAusE I likE..
Mason
This app got a hell of alot worse
I am in the middle of reading something and the news feed just scrolls to the top. Also the most recent is not the post recent post but actually the most recent comment.
awasome app after update its very fast for browsing.
Goood.......not tooo good. . :-Q
I love you

On my new Asus zenfone 6 I loaded up the FB app. It crashed so I uninstalled it. Upon attempting reinstall it, after downloading 23MB I get the message "duplicate provider authority", and it returns to the install screen. Tried multiple times. No obvious online fixes and my email to FB 3d ago went unanswered.
nice
Yipp
There is an issue with videos. Whenever i play one it stops in the first quarter and says can't play this video. Fix this problem!
Good
what a social media. lik it
I can't download it
because it said no connection data when i wanr to go online
awsome daasu aap to connect to people masti app
Naymin
Unknown error code "961"
It said 23 MB when I finished downloading it was over 61 MB. My phone immediately slowed way down. And the new format just plain sucks. I uninstalled
Mantab
It's only eating our phones memories
Very good
It doesn't let me insert pictures in comments on my Next Book tablet. Please fix it
I still can't tag from the app. I use to be able to tag as long as that person made a comment. Sucks
Good
Makes it easy
Its too much slow on my phone..,
Easy
I want the ability to toggle top stories and most recent for the news feed back. The top stories should be renamed old stories from days ago.  Yes, I know you can go to the far right menu and scroll all the way down and find it but that is very inconvenient.
I like
nice one.... hope  the next update of facebook for android,, must have this video call to......
Excellent
good
U can do more stuff but whats the point if the app only opens once out of 5 trys
App
I don't care about posts from 2 days ago. Bring back the 'most recent' option for sorting
Notifcations section won't open with latest update.
Very nice application.
Thanks for updation
its a very good app to get together with ur frnds
Kicks me out & also videos don't always play. I have to restart phone.
Get five star when i can edit a comment.. And now I can
Fb should be improved more !
The the fon wll hang,,,
All FB update have problem ! Die....!
It is crashing my phone and says not enough memory or insufficient storage.
I want to download video but there is no option please fix it.
Goodjob! :)
Love this app.
This app getting bigger than before.. Please reduce size of app .. I have low phone storage .. Please reduce .. I always got error message 'your device memory is getting low' .. It consume too much memory.. Too large . consider the size ..
awesome app
I've been waiting for like thirty minutes and it won t download!
Awesome app!!!
Your update sucks force closes on turning off post notifications
Masa
It's ok but it had a lot of errors
Well
Hmmmmaaaa i think this app should look out for memory . . After installation it take much memory . plz sort out tht one
Im so tired of it freezing up and crashing! And sick of seeing week old posts and notifications aren't updating right! I prefer if before the update..someone needs to fix this ASAP!
Sony Xperia z1s
<3
It is wonderful app.i love it.
KASHIF RAZA
o
Best and addicting app ever
Facebook will open once then just force close and not open again
Works a lot better than it used to work. I wish it was easy to switch between top stories and recent. And I truly wish FB didn't pick our recent news. I like the old way when we saw everything, regardless if we frequented the friend's statuses.
It let you chat
Nice ;)
Its very power ful for fb
The recent update sucks. No more updates! You keep screwing it up. The updates are crappy. Stop screwing with my Facebook. Also it keeps force closing. Please fix issues!
Tired of always having issues....billion dollar company but can't get it working. Sick of everything changing all the time.....if it wasn't for family I'd delete it all together
Best but it's getting boring need something new
Start slowly to be more friendly user but still have some loading isue
Samsung Galaxy S5
Nice
inosetiv
Hmm.. i miss the old version. Old look. Simple n efficient.
Nice updated
You guys need to hire better Java developers because this is just awful. Do you not take usability into account? How about setting a default news feed? And for 24 megabytes in size, I would have expected a messenger bundled, but left me disappointed again. What exactly causes such a large package file? Too many unused drawables? Seriously, hire me. I will make it spiffy and neat, intuitive and user friendly. I'd almost do it for free because this app is just pathetic.
Fantastic app
Latest update s too bad.... app strucks a lot.... suddenly force closing nd too too too slow...... please fix dis.........worst update......cant choose photos from gallery by album its showing all the photos............. please fix dis also.....

I hate this apps it don't even work
This app is wonderful.
Took forever to down load

Nice
User friendly
Satish
Its dope
Excelent
I Love It !!!!
El mejor
Very very good
Thanks
Needs a "sort" button for most recent. Everything like 2 3 days ago.
Like all the new features
Awesome
Love it
Love it
More better
Mast be wlad
Does what it needs to do
R
J
Roy
Most recent update sucked. Every time I leave the app and come back I have to start at the beginning of my news feed. Also slows my phone down tremendously.
Nice application
Woooow
Good

hope it will reduces so that it wouldnt consume so much memory & thats annoying
Good
Memory hog. Had to uninstall because of issues with app locking up, and can't reinstall because current version is to big. I'm thinking Twitter and MySpace will get my business..
It's Awsome
Fine
Would be 5 stars if the news feed was recent and not so old. I dont care to see what happened days ago.
The self starting clips lock my phone up every time
Phyo
memory leak-garbage collector not written properly. app is ok. Very high size. Navigation tabs can have colored icons.
It crash on 64 kbps internet connection. Huge data consumption.
Doesn't show pictures!
Like
Pls design a button for us to sort the news feed of TOP STORIES & MOST RECENT more conveniently.
Ggu
There are a few things id like to see made assessable via mobile, but all in all pretty decent. Had a few issues posting things, but gets me through the day..
Permanent make up Cynthia ferrer Like Facebook
I dont want to see top stories,i just Want to see most recent.please resolve it soon
Too much complicated. Shows too old posts again n again. Takes lots of memory
Worked before the update now I can't watch the videos on facebook
Force closes every single time.  Super annoying.
Super fast application other than all.
It's simply the best
Needs more features
This is not full use in my mobile... (Mode: LG OPTIMUS L5). I can't read And show full texts, all text are cut this app. And again, again error the app, when i open it ? I'm So tired to open This.....  i don't want to download this application again.
Good
This is my first app d i like it
Fb

Cant see how many comments are on a post
Ok
Wowwwww..
Masum
I can't downloud it
Arun jai
Super
Nice app
Never loads. Slow. A pain in the @$$! Now it wont upload photos... Annoying! Get your $#*& together already!
Hmmm..good the Ethernet. Free  space.. Hmmm
I love it, technology at its best....communication has never been convenient, you can actually reunite with long lost relatives you haven't seen in years.   I love it.
Keeps crashing after opening. Scroll down two posts and fb closes.
Good
Slow and poor options
THIS REALLY SUX... APP DON'T RESPOND EVERY FIVE MINS AFTER LOGING ON... IT TAKES UP HELLA MEMORY AND MOVES SLOW AS HELL
why not install it
I love that game
Its awesome and amazing I love it a lot
Hello good
Please fix this new version of Facebook... It's really bad. My phone is dying
Best appp
I can't see whos active on the faccebook app it self please fix.
It always crash right after I watch a video in this app..  Please fix this :<
It goes slow some times but I like it
psh. . i tried to install it many times but it always fails. tsk tsk. .
I click on the app it opens for about 5 seconds.  And than it closes happens everytime
Great improvements
I  have
You need to fix it!!!!! It wont let me go to my notifications and when it starts up its super slow!
Sucks
Very good
Smalam aq mkn nsi .. Nsi tu sedap.....aq larhh yg masak....hahaha
Much better.
i don't understand this app..my account has been block for no reason..tsk tsk
Better 4m my 4m my previous rating 1 still a long way to go faster than whatsapp
After updates its no good, stop updating...fix the problem..all it does is freeze up
All my pictures in my phone gallery are very crisp and clear but once I upload them to Facebook they are blurry :(
Ok
Title says it all.. Work on that please, its annoying enough to get notifications and to not find their cause..
Fab
This latest version is using so much memory on my phone. I have to keep logging out of all my apps and clearing out the cache, constantly! And I only have 3 downloaded apps.  Please fix this...it's absurd!
I hate seeing post from 4-6days ago
The mic speaker doesn't work!
Keeps shutting down :(  please fix
Aspera R5 Tough Phone.
Absolutely terrible. Shows no connection while other apps connect just fine. Terrible UI, with some guesswork and trial and error needed for basic things.
Good
I really love it.
After the last update my news feed keeps crashing. Have to keep logging out and back in which is a nuisance. Keep seeing statuses from two days ago rather than what people are posting on the day. If this does not change I will be deleting the app and going back to looking on the net.
Gak iso login
Easy to use
But it uses a lot data.....
it can't download this app whenever i try it will stop at  22%.!! pls.. fix this sooonnn....
hurray!
PRAJAPATI
Yupp...new version bt this version is ....hang the phone
Ahmad
Not happy atm
Fb happens to be one of the most important apps to ppl but it lags, way much memory consuming and yeah why are there so many outdated posts on my news feed?
So bad
Took large space...and hanging so many times...
Download
Thanks
Cleaning Service
Can't get it to load can't login or post photos or anything.
Keeps posting for no reason that i like fb.
Please fix the errors already. Eveytime you want to update your status or do almost anything at all,it gives a null error. Fix it already.
OK
Good
Sucks fix pleas
What happend to Facebook again? I couldn't refresh anything. The latest posts of my friends are 3 days ago. Please fix it !
Love it
Ib
Best social net work ever!!
Daily updates coming....
Its taking way to long
OK not my favorite
Every time I try and click on a video, the video freezes and the it says an error occurred and the video can't play. Please fix ASAP and I'll give it 5 stars
Too good
basopai
Nice
I have it
Best app of facebook
120 mb and i cant move it to my sd card!?!?!? I need memory on my internal space you know!!!
j
I cannot share posts to another page. Also, too many old posts.
Not too bad..
Poor needs to take up less space
privacy
Super.
Bad update only boils ur blood, doesn't work mostly, m back to factory version of my phone.
Please make it easier to change order of newsfeed
Love it
Y is it i cnt c what's taking place today. Am seeing days ago c'mon..... my next option is to dlt this crap
Google plus is better,less drama and spamming =_=
wont let me sort by most recient
Gogle
i hate when facebook make face book katana ana stop what i wont to do ??
Ever since new update it wont load my news feed its awful
I dont want to instal it..becaz whnevn i try to opn it ds shows error or check nt pack...dats y i unistal it nd reinstal but den also same problm arise so plzz check oyt ds app..
Videos are always crashing half way all the videos, Sony xperia z2
I can't dowload it. :/ error. Huhuhu
1. It takes up so much memory just to install the app. 2. No more "recent stories" option. 3. I can't install the newest update because there's insufficient storage. 4. Can't view "other,archived, or spam" messages. 5. Not user friendly. 6. It kills you devices battery life. 7. Doesn't always alert you when you have notifications. 8. You can only post photos to certain albums. 9. Doesn't always work when liking something. It will show up and then disappear. 10.its wont let me post anything unless I update.
Installed this app to see if I could speed up Facebook. In the end this bloody app gave my phone a virus which nearly corrupted everything. (Called the Honey Worm Virus). Had to reset my phone and clear harddrive twice. May have to get new phone. Thanks Facebook
Facebookis good newsmedia&fast service.
I can keep in with my friends and family I love it if you don't like it I'm fine with it
It's adicting
supebbbbbbbbbbb
It constantly freezes and doesn't show a lot of stories in my feed. This app needs to get fixed ASAP.
If it isn't one thing, it's another.. Now with the current update I can't view any videos. There's ALWAYS something not working with this app. HTC One M8
Facebook
I love it<3
Large file, constant force closes, long load times & no apps 2 sd. In general app is crap
Kanna
I wish I could pick between top stories and most recent as a default news feed order.
Great app so thanks for maker
Excellent
:-)
Timeline doesn't load properly, comments won't post !! Won't even log me out !!
Keep it up
fix the update , it too slow when you log out , pls fix it 
Special people in my like, I do avoid the drama tho. Have deleted several. Because of it.
#LikeIt
Very bad
It takes a lot of memory.
Love it
So the app had flaws, I learned to live with them. Such as not easy at all to change notification or turn them off.  Well updated the app and now it goes to the load screen then crashes saying there was an error. This is on an Asus memo fHD tablet
Ttt
Too slow
The update never shows your most current newsfeed it always shows postings from the day before. It always force closes and is all around horrible. PLEASE FIX IT!!!
Nice
YOU MUST UPDATE FOR THIS MOST RECENT AND TOP STORY WE CANNOT READ ALL FRIEND POST
Every time I try to upload pictures, the screen goes blank and it freezes. Please fix this.
Nice
Why
Not loading pictures or videos
Good
Its awesome
Gud one..i like it
fix the update
Good if you like it.
The only issue I have is that after I finish an article and click the back button to go back to Facebook, I end up at the top of a refreshed news feed instead of the post on which I clicked the link. Then I have to scroll all the way down to try to find where I left off. Annoying and frustrating!  I also don't have the option to copy the text of an interesting post. I don't find these two issues with G+.
Nice
Can't download it package file is invalid!
Perfect
Nice
Needs to sort by time like Instagram. I don't want to know what people were doing 4 days ago. I want to know what people are doing now.
It's awesome
Good
Dana
S#*%
This app is nice I strongly recommend it
Its not wanting to load of to check connection.  There is nothing wrong with my connection.  Can you please fix
Update the Facebook app for Kit Kat users please! Always closes on it's own.
Good app
Every time I try to watch a video that a page posts on my phone it only plays a couple seconds. I can never watch the ending.
Awesome way to connect
It's so nice
Like.
Vipinreddy
Fb memang best
Great
When are you guys going to fix this app so that it may run properly? This app absolutely sucks.
Finally got the word wrap issue fixed for Android.
Takes up too much memory and slows phone down too much.
Nice.nd gr8t app
I hha  te    it
The new update sucks. It freezes all the time and won't load!
Is the best
Thank you face it's very nice app
great
Doesn't post the first time. Always have to post two times
Good
It takes too much space and needs like 40mb to work when it say 18 on here ain't nobody got time for that
Chahar
54676
Keeps losing status posts. Unexplained video errors. Videos play without prompting. Bad.
Nice software
good
I love it
Sorry but when using Facebook seeing people's status makes my Samsung Galaxy s5 crash and when I try to post photos and other things I get kicked out and I know it's not the phone as its only a day old... however like the layout just needs a few things... and really needed is the most recent status updates so sorry 2 star...
Goooood
Keep making it better, you are doing an awesome job
Crazy app
I never had this problem before, but now when I hit share, I can't share with one person, only with groups
Videos wont play, cannot see recent posts, you choose what i see. Appalling to say the least..
Much much better, can u do the same to fb for windows phone dev?
poor! i hate this applicati0n! so bagal!
Hello
Continually force closes asks for authentication for password. Accepts password then asks again.
Facebook
Likey!

Its a gud app. Lets u do wat u need to do.
When you upgrade an app it should be better not worst. So slow and freeze ..really hate using facebook now because of this upgrade.
It's too sudden, I don't know how and why, keep reinstall still won't work neither, please fix it~
When it takes atleast 30mins to load and see pictures and videos it is a really bad experience.
Great
Hi
Showing me crap from 4 days ago and not what people are writing now
Okay, I don't know what happened but whenevefr I try to download it, when it gets to the installation it says the package is invalid,  and not too long ago it did actually install, but when I tried to open it, it said that there was an error and that I had to un_install and reinstall, so can this please get fixed, it takes to long to go on the web through my phone to use facebook.
Its alright
Nice
Last update was not good because it changed the way of sharing posts. It only make for groups only you can't be able anymore to share with specific person.
Nice
Its a nice thing to get on an communicate withfamily and friends
Bogs down, only refreshes. doesnt wanna pull up pics or groups half time, crashes nonstop or freezes phone, only shows old posts. With recent update app wont even open. Its HORRIBLE!
Good apo
He is a good boy
Amang Alui
Please let me copy text from other post not only on comments it would be awesome thx!!! And importing post from google+ is missing the images, pictures please fix
I love it its awesome
Its too slow & it takes lots of memory ,, its just a waste app !!!      Plz make this app speed !!! ...
The last handful of updates are extremely slow, don't keep things up to date, and I can sit there with a full 4g connection and have to wait over 2 minutes or more for a picture to load.
Wow
Try to open the app and it just closes and says "Facebook not responding". Can't use it at all.
Dawnload
Good
#1
Wish there was a better way to control FB. I don't like the way the vids auto start.
Love it but it needs to be updated frfr
like
Cant download update errors out. Not enough memory? I got plenty.
After new updates,i cant see new recent updates and cant sort it out like before,who want see the old post????!!!then,it drained too much storage and RAM,even my 2gb RAM also work so slow,please fix it or more people will uninstall it!!!
Horrible
I really dont want to see 3 day old post. I want to see the most current postings. Please change this.
Plz add save video option
New Facebook App appears to have gone too far!  It will not download to my phone, no matter what 'work around' I try to do.  Even reset factory settings on my phone and it will not download. Guess Facebook has one less user..
Love it . More accessible than the website itself
This app. no dout gud aap but its a very slow.. i dnt like ths..
Limited functionality on Android L preview.
Since the update Facebook has been acting crazy as far as videos are concerned. Whenever I try to play a video it either freezes and forces me to close or doesn't play at all.  Please fix this..
Can't even scroll through my news feed.
Excellent
I haven't update, I have old version, need update options
It wont load ever since the most recent update. So I haven't used FB in over a week.
Social gathering of Spirit's. If I could remember the password.
Like much
Hello
This new upgrade won't let you post on a specific friends timeline, won't let you edit your post or edit a comment really you guys need to bring the old facebook back
I would like to control the history.  I don't want to see 2012 history. I don't want my photos to sync from my phone to FB. Love FB but it's not private enough for me.
Wonderful
Keeps FREEZING FIX THAT issue and IT CRASHES
Personally not a fan of Facebook but it can be slightly useful once an awhile
I hate it when I try to be funny but people think Im being serious.  It causes too many problems.
I wish there was a negative star to rate this app. Invalid URL , unknown error, insufficient storage (even though i still have a lot). Stop making excuses for being a bad app.
Its awesome but the stupid tricks
Messanging,chating,adding friend thats what I do
Best
Keep up good works...
,
It's nice

Nice
Lol
It's all right gets the job done
Its a great way to connect with family and friends
Poor
Good
Its okay but it takes long somtimes.
Part of our life now.
This new version was to slow and always hanging!  The old version is better than this,  pls fix it immediately,
Totally terrific
Md Rasel
Mahmoodi
Good good good good good
Nice
this
I love the application awesome browsing
There is no option for video downloading that's why 3 stars otherwise 5
The new version is an dumbass. Takes a lot memory.
Love it
Pls can u fix this app..
Keep up with good work
Really unhappy that I can't upload photos the way it used to - will now only allow one photo upload when you tap camera icon.  If you upload multiple photos through album, you get multiple posts not one. Also cant view previously downloaded content when no wifi connection.  Urggh want past version back!
Have to download messenger to send messages, to much space
Stop crying its good
takes forever to log you in then says it's not responding but when you return to home screen etc it's running in the background.slow,clunky takes up a lot of space for an app that does not seem to do much!
I'm usually on facebook alot and the most data that Facebook used was like .5 gigs till this update and used 1.5 gigs, I don't know why this is but it needs to be fixed cause that's crap
This takes up a lot of memory on my phone. Why is it that we can't put it on our sd card? I like this app and would hate to delete it to clear up space on my phone.
Love it ;) xx
This app is kool
Toooooo slow
Facebook keeps saying 7 pending posts but won't allow me to open them. Just says could not connect 
Awesome
Loved it
Debbyryan
Amazing
Nice
Poor my review frm 5 star to 1 star
Fix it I will give five stars back
Love it
but it slow with my fon.. n data very big..n best to msengger n post..
Please add download video feature
Slow and too many unnecessary permissions. Does Facebook even knows how to build proper native apps?
Since the new updates..every time I log in all I get is Facebook isn't responding would you like to close it.... Wtf!!! I have deleted it and put it back on numerous times and even reboot my phone and still I get the same message... Seriously considering taking it off.. It use to work just fine back in the day.. But now (smh) it's pointless to have!!!!
Cool
Its so fun u can talk to u friends
This app totally rocks it fast and realy awesome
:-(
Am I the only one who can't see photos in the comments section of posts? I have a Galaxy S4. Also, i hate that i see posts from days ago.
I keep getting more force close errors since the latest update. Using the G2.
I think you all needs to put privacy back on Facebook.crash and moves slow takes up too much gb
This is the only facebook app there is and it litteritly sucks. It constantly kicks me out of it while in the middle of posting somwthing or reading something. Also it takes forever to load. It SUCKS. dont waste your time. Just get on through google. And it takes up alot of space . definitly not worth anyones time
Connection
Too many times only the photos load, showing no names and no written words at all. Uninstalled it and reinstalled 5 times and it still does it. Fix this lousy app please.
My new mobile Micromax bolt this app not installed
Can't share as a private message, shows the same content for days. Needs an update..
¤¢r¤Î¤Õ
Automatically shut off if theres a message
love it!
Cool
App won't even open now after update on 7/20.
Close to an hole in one.
Always an error when I try to load my timeline !! I thought my internet to slow but unfortunately others sosial network works well except facebook !!
Without facebook. :)
I like it
Great app but few bugs!
Working fine
Cool
Thanks
I like this because as the people want to hide their massages so that othet can't read the massage.
Like it
Yoi
My fb app keeps closings itself. Can u guys fix it.
-1 star as it takes forever to open pokes
Very bad...this app lags alot..and it also take alot of memory..please fix..
High
KEEEPS FREEEZING
Love it
Facebook
I don't really find it useful
Every time update...wasting time...poor...
So annoying that the app just closes out when I'm trying to use it, and irritated with it still showing older posts rather than newer ones. I'm this close to just removing the app
When can you fix thus
very bad
Let us set the default view to most recent again!?!
Love how I can get to Facebook quick now
Too slow and too bad!!!
Too many complaints to list but sence my last update it freezes crashes old posts on n on please I love facebook fix it
Sweet
Great for keeping in touch with friends & family.
Uninstall until this is fixed
I want to have recent postsssss
Mutiara muslimah
Sucking my battery power!!
Stable and fast
Always closed down automatic . Please fix it fast .
Anwar
"love facebook
Crashes constantly. Just got the "force close" message while typing this. Getting this message every time I try to access any function or app on my phone. Huge thumbs down.
Facebook is nice
updates keep getting worse and worse. thank god all of my phones are rooted because i saved the only good version. all the update descriptions are good until you apply them. horrible horrible horrible. uploads are slower than a snail. it used to be easy to apply what security you want and who you want to see what.  NOW ITS JUST LIKE THE PC VERSION... CRAP. you cant control everything like you used to be able too. what if i don't want people i block or don't know to message me? now, there's no choice. and fo
The reason this thing makes your device run slower is because it attaches itself to everything else. When you open just about any app, Facebook launches. So it's running constantly, eating up all the resources of the device.
App
Doesnt load.
This is the slowest social app on android. Twitter and google+ app is much faster. Initial loading is slow. The app is so ugly. With the same connection i can use google+ faster. I wish i can stop using FB for good but still forced to use it bcoz most of my frenz is still on FB.
Why in the world is it SO STINKING SLOW!!
The last update is more than perfect!!!
NyC apP..... easy tO use.
Takes 2 long to log in lel holy
Facebook app on mobile
Copy for others posts and reply for comment s
I wish we could see the most recent option! Facebook needs to quit changing things that are good. :(
I like
Does what it's supposed to do
I don't know why..its almost whole day i install,but untill now its not working...
Decent.
It works energy so often.
Sucks,
it takes to much memory to operate this app.. can u just transfer the some of its memory to the sd card so that we could save enough memory
cghnvghj
This update really sux! Why do I have to keep pushing back button to get back to news feed? If I surf to multiple profiles I should be able at least be able to return with 1 touch.
Love it
Idzul
Whenever I tried to download any app games it always come out errors and I just don't know what went wrong.
I don't understand how this app is rated 4 stars. Someone needs this app to where you can see the most recent stories and not the ones from 2 days ago or 4 days ago. Please fix this!
What
I have a little bits of problem with this app.i Always check out your latest version of it's.but nothing is changed at the moment of sign in bugs or logged in error problem with that one. I think u should fix it. I will be happy to get your feedback. Thankyou.!!:-)
Facebook
Love Facebook
Poor. I cant use my facebook now. I cant update anything I even cant see my friends post after updating my facebook. Better fix it.

This update crashes on me probably 25 times a day! And anytime I try to watch a video, Facebook just shuts down. Please please fix :/
App freezes, slow to load and shows old feed
Thanx its awsime once u fugure it out
Loved it
All of my posts on my news feed say just now even if i go to my profile and go to the year 2012 they all say just now.. please fix...
You don't have a most recent option in news feed don't care about post from last week or year fix it
Takes up so much space on my phone, and whenever a video is in my feed the auto play feature causes it to freeze and I have to restart my phone!
Nice social networking apps.
Thanks
I
Really great app to meet new ppl.
Good
Cant see recent posts
I still love it. No complaints.
Teze bel face book
Cool beans lol
Yuyu <3
This app makes fb easier to me . One of the best social app
Good
Dgj
Petty good
Why every time I update Facebook it gives me the old look
Fast and effective.
I can't get to my timeline review, Takes up so much memory, Dosent notify me when when I receive a message, it dosent show new post it shows post from a week ago. Fix please. Specially the memory problem.  If that dosent get fixed I'll be forced to delete this app.  ):
Pourli manege our account
Love  it  

The app is fine, but I have two issues, one of which is it won't sign me out on my Samsung Tab! It's eating up my battery and if it's not fixed soon I'll have to uninstall. The other is, why can't I tag pages? If you can tag on the Web, you should be able to on mobile as well.
Todo
Why are you making and app that uses so much ram??.. Whats the point? Being the only app open in every phone??.. Dude seriously. Make a lighter version of this app
For some reason out of the blue I can no longer watch any videos, social media site that you can't use..... Nice one...... Sick of all the stupid changes that just make it worse...... It's not even like I'm using an old phone it's the HTC One M8
It's slow,  it shows the old posts instead recent ones.  It freezes bad.  Use not have this problem.  Rate 2
Love it
I love it
It keeps crashing every time. Please fix this.
Wont let me up date inless im connected to wifi.
Facebook
okaii
I love it
I know Facebook helps us. communicate with each other but now its suck my Account has been adding people I sont even know you should realy fix this before you get sewd
Gud
Dood
Why need this app sooooo mucht permissions!!???? It's Ridiculus + new update made fb crash, Cant start it now...
First can't update new update. Then i uninstalled it to re-install. But then until today i can't install fb. No problem with other apps. Fb only.
CIA data farm app. Collects personal data very well for the NSA. Excellent
Okay people still waiting for you to make the app transferable to SD card. Make it happen plz or I will uninstall it and shut down my account.
Needs sortin out it's crap
Can't like anything... please fix it!
Go back to old one!!
Sekarang ada ekstraknya
Facebook is easy to use
Takes way to much space
Haven't been able to approve my pending posts in several days. Please fix soon.
I deleted app after the latest "upgrade" I'd rather view fb on my web browser than use this app.
don't like it
Mini
Trouble loading news feed on and off, doesn't show most recent posts.
Love facebook I love the way I can post things and see what other people post
Gud
Cant see most recent posts :-( thumbs down for that.
Nice app
:p
Nothing loads in my news feed. Pictures don't load. Comments don't load. News feed doesn't load. Wth happened?
I love finding what my friends are doing
What a piece of crap it seems like you are going backwards, how is it possible that it doesn't let you put the news feed as a predefined option and every time you open the app you have to watch the same top feeds, I really hope next update gets better
I <3 facebook
Wont let me post or share anything. Deleting app and account
I still get notifications from things that I'm tagged in. I have already turned off people from viewing the things that I'm tagged in without my permission but I'm still getting notified with comments. I know that I can remove tags and stop notifications by pressing on the arrow and go to turn off notifications or untag myself but I would want to have the ability to stop it all together and allow it when I want it to so I wouldn't have to do that repeatedly and get notified until I turn it off.
I can't copy fanspage's status
Lo ve it
When you reply to comments sometimes you need to copy text from other comments or post

Is the time line to be in chronological order.
Grewt
Ok
Like the new update, cant load recent loads. Why do we have to look at old posts where are recent posts. If i could rate a Big 0 i would but can't instead 1star will have too do. Alot more issues but whats the point. Wont go back to before update. Thumbs down...
Why is the app 23.59mb but after a short while ends up at 180mb? Is it due to updates or something else.
Now open my old page
Improving with times..
needs work, still good though
No special:P
Cat
Everything is good so far except I would much rather have "most recent" then Facebook tell me what I should see.
Southxlos
Give me the old facebook back. I wqnt to see recent posts notvdays prior!!!
Meet old friends and stuff
After the update... always low on memory space... why can't you improve to use internal memory space of phone or external instead of system memory. So that we can still install some other apps!!!!!
Happy easy going honest person out spoken person.
Best like
Videos are stopped unexpectedly.
Poor
Very slow this app....too late process
Awesome
I would like to thank you to who ever made this FB app....WHY CAN'T I UPDATE?!?!?!
Very good
I'm unable to edit any of my information. This app sucks. I absolutely hate it. Why can't you just get it right and then leave it alone. Imbeciles!
Love it
Hated it
THANKS
Its slow, keeps logging me out EVERYTIME I like anything, comment on anything + everytime I try to put up a status it logs me out after every other letter I type making it take bout 20mins to type it..... Oh and then it doesn't actually post my status anyway!! This app used to be great but now its absolutely the worst app iv ever tried. Whatever uv changed, uv completely ruined it! Thank christ its free cos theres no way id pay for this heap of crap!!
I like Facebook but the calls should be better and the post should be updated
AHHHH! Fix this
Why make it harder to see most recent posts??
Rizwan
Wonderful
Doesn't upload my pics.   Fix pls! ALSO WANT TOO MUCH DARN INFO FROM MY PHONE.  Get a life Facebook!
Excellent
Freezes up constantly. Causes my phone to freeze up too. Videos also have errors playing still. Every update brings new problems.
Like father like son
no vibrations on notifications. fix the damn thing
Perfect
Was working great till it updated today now I can't open it. Acts like its going to open then goes straight to the main menu screen on my phone
Lama upgrade nya -.-
Eddie Floyd
Can't even download the latest version... Sort it out..
So many function that i trying to understand but i cant... So annoying.. :(
Needs some serious tuning
Uc bauser
Sometimes its good : sometimes no ... please fix it or improve this app.
The update is horrible. I can't post any videos because FB says it's violating the rules...wth.
No good this version has a lot of debug
Make the recent posts as the default view! And when will the in app browser will be available like in the iOS? It's annoying to close so many tabs in Chrome everyday!
Every update makes it worse.
It's nice for the most part..
I hate seeing what people posted over a week ago as something new. Also, videos won't play from the post. The last update killed this app.
It is the best
Cooooool:)
The changes recently made are not for the best where playing videos are concerned. Every time I cross a video and it starts trying to play without me requesting it to play it freezes up. I have to Uninstall the Facebook app then reinstall and start over. And for that I give you one star. Fix it and my rating will change to 5 stars.
Did the numbers use have been the case that he hug the case was going in it every what he wants me a line for this entry trackback ever before environment that they would never been able and technology news I'd love his family were going out there to weblogs the urge we're usurping to what a waste want Andrews technology is that the government its members can use them out a wannabe to school with a friend roundtable discussion threads and more than I do labels who's this
Tablet
E3d898899d
The worst ever! Where is the option to view the most recent activities? No point to see what my frens did fews days ago, we want the most recent update!
I love Facebook
It help me.
Needs the reply option for comments... Also can replace the facebook password with fingerprint for android devices that support fingerprint.
This is the slowest loading app I've ever used. The updates just keep making it slower.
Not able to synch my calendar from fb on Samsung grand. Its bad
Nice
Its not good i cant control my page and my account in my own page
Can you please make it possible to check other message folder and block people from the phone.
Very nice fb app
Loved it
Everyone of us it's easily to know to discover the world
smooth and sharp on my nexus 5 does what it say's. Brilliantly put together and a great way to keep up to date with all kinds of people.
Update takes forever to install
Awesome
I love facebook
Great way to keep track of my friends life's and for them to do the same for me
I love it
MAZOM
1. Need copy paste option and 2. I cant see each and every notification...I also reviewd my account settings but everything is fine there....Please fix it............... 3. Add reply option in the comments section of the page's posts!!
cool
If u r not on face book all i can say 2 u is ...u r slow
Coo
Why do I want to see post what happened last year or even few years ago. I want to see up to date posts.
Its a little slow
Awesome
help me , anyone please help me !!! i can download but cannot installing .. !! he said `duplicate" how i can fix it .. help me please
great
Just  Awasome
The Newsfeed freezes and skips amd refreshes to the beginning of the feed while scrolling.  There are numerous glitches that need to ne resolved.  Despite numerous times reporting  this to facebook, nothing gets fixed.
Facebook for android  perfect lost contact with family no have contact its been little bit more than 32yrs thanks facebook
I like it
I love how when I turn off notifications for a certain post, I still get notifications for that post. WTG Facebook!  Not really..
Make it simplier
The Only Problem Is It Keeps Exiting Me Out Of the App Sometimes Other Than That Its Good
USES TOO MUCH PHONE SPACE
update weh unggal poe.. cape euy nying
This is perfect
Why do you have to crop a photo when uploading a new profile picture?????

It is great although sometimes shuts down. Probably just my phone though...
It's nice and wonderful application i love it
As we all know its a font of knowledge and gossip
Works great! Thank you for fixing the bugs!
Ducky ducky ducky and pretty worthless I'm dumping it and ducky again
Great
good
It hangs often, crashes alot, incredibly slow over mobile data network...I personally never liked this app always has been just like this....But m pleased that photos get uploaded real quickly, also liked the new interface a little..!
I hate this app is always offering u messenger! If u deny it is because u dont want it!
Why i cant share my path data?
It won't let me install fix it and I'll give it 5 stars
The updates are not working on my phone. Keep saying some error.
Perfect!
no comment
I cannot download it without issues
Awesome
Great
I have some eror on table.
Me
This app needs updated so that we can view our "other folder" for messages. Whats the point of this app if I still have to long on to the web site to view my Facebook
ireallireallyloveit :-)
To much spam
slower than before.. i don't lyk this mobile facebook... really not good, No choice but to use it..
It crashes. And goes slow.
Molto
Please make it to where people on my friend list can't share my pics. What is the point of privacy settings.
I love Facebook
Great fixes. Works much better. Galaxy s4 and tab 3
Xperia z1
I hate all the updates..get it right then leave it alone !
Why would I want to see something that happened 21 hours ago. The app udates when opened but shows old post. From days ago. Why must I go to most recent posts to see updated items this sucks. Fix it please.
Nice
Now I can't do anything. No news feeds, no notifications, cant see contacts, can't post comments, etc. Ready to uninstall and find another social media app
Thank you for the landscape mode! Everything works on the Droid. Wish i could change the default screen away from my wall though.
Facebook
My app is not on my phone but say on your site it is?
Little things like not being able to see my posts and the top comments on public pages , as well as it crashing so often make me prefer using facebook on the computer.
Like it sorta
Suck update
Over half the time I open it it's frozen.... useless still
Love it
Love it
Love this fb app...
Check my acount pleaseAwesome just we need video chat for Android galaxy
Good but sometimes hanging the notification..update need hurry
Nice app
Says it uses 18 mb but totals over 40 mb right after install
Djmaaza
I like facebook and all but its becoming boring it needs to update
So great
Its owk
lts a wonderful application and am enjoying it.....
919
Why all the updates? They make it worse every time. And this is far, far too invasive. Smacks of Big Brother!! And I don't want to see posts from 2 to 7 days ago! We have no control of anything anymore. Bring back the old version and stop wanting to know everything barr our shoe size!!
where page manager only allows you to alter the pages you admin, so it'll be nice to be able to choose to be a page on the app.
The best<3
It's easy to use and very fast I like it very much Atta ulrehman
like
This are Androied version and these are very Superrr apps.. Very loved it for Facebook.
Perfect
Is bad
Younas Afridi
It's suks balls just don't do it
Good Chat Room
Nice
Worst app ever i have seen
Sweet
"Facebook has a strict policy against the sharing of pornographic content and any explicitly sexual content where a minor is involved. We also impose limitations on the display of nudity. We aspire to respect people¡¯s right to share content of personal importance, whether those are photos of a sculpture like Michelangelo's David or family photos of a child breastfeeding." What's the point of 18+ as an choice if I can't show nudity! :/ WTF!?
Fix it!!!!
Glitches all the time extremely slow and always has errors that force me close it never had this problem till I upgraded .not happy at all
love fb,but since updating it crashes constantly & doesnt respond when i click buttons! very frustrating please fix it!!!
Ever since I've updated the app, most of the time when I open it. It says error loading newsfeed. I have perfectly fine WiFi signal. This needs to be sorted out please.
Not even sure where to begin, it doesn't crash, i can save photos from comments, i can now turn off the notifications of a post instead of regretting posting a comment on that said post. You guys make life easier with each update. Please don't ruin it though :)
Love the new up date
Not opening in my cell..wtf
Friends chat communications etc
Bloody app wont load anything,  zero stars. Sort it out.
Love it
i like it dis iz fabulous...
I can't view any of my tags to approve of
Updates and updates. But in a bad way update after update this facebook app get's worse and worse. Come on people. Why are getting payd for ??? Even a 10 year old child could make the app work better than you guys. Fix it guys ! No more stupid updates
Got a friend request, just checked it, and closed the app. Still, friend request notification turns up red for the same person. Please check it. It is happening everytime I am reopening the app.
Ever since the last update, the app is storing tons of data and all my phone's storage. It says the app is 37 mb for one, and then the app data is 30 mb. Way too much.
Yes
Hate the update
Nang
Superb handy application
It's good
Excellent
As we get a dextop view.. I.lik  dis app vry much.. I think it is been i grt achievment of it of getting a rating of 5*
For some reason i keep getting an error message saying Facebook .orca has stopped unexpectedly!! Please fix or im uninstalling and never downloading again!!!! Im getting this message 3 times per minute!!!!
Woiiii
Every time I try to watch a video it freezes up.
Always says it cant load news feed with full wifi connection
Yes
the new updated version is taking more memory please fix it soon :/ wth
I'm trying to change my name, that is actually my name,(Truth) and it won't let me. Saying that i need to use my real name sooooo. Fix please.
A must have for the sociable
Best social network so far.
ITS THE BEST!!
the app always freezes & closes, saying it's 'not responding' >:(
Awesome
fun
Often freezes upon opening. Reinstalled and still the same problem. Everything else on my phone is working fine.
Ok dan menakjub kan
It has become better now.
no good
Enjoy readn sum things on facebook.
Good apps
Ace
Bindaas down load Karene ka...
Simply annoying due to above mentioned issues
Bright
I like the new layout and stuff hopefully i dont get anything unexpected
Pathetic
Since they update I am unable to go to timeline review from the app
Need to organise the post not have a post from today then one from 2 days ago below it Better Organization
I would download it if I could have Recent Posts
Not bad
It never installs in my phone..
Why..??
Awesome
Until you fix the bugs I'm deleting face book it keeps freezing my phone up
Pathetic app. Very.slow.crash most of the time. The older one was far better then this
You could txt send vid do a lot of stuff I had this for 5 years and never stopped using it
it's a

My phone memory is being taken up by this app.
Because I can keep in touch with friends
I love this app!
Its easy to surf   ....,......
Love being able to keep up with friends and family that are not close.
Soun
Awesome it runs realy fast and now since its the summer i can talk to them and keep in contact !!
Never had a problem, until the new update. Constantly freezes or shuts down on me. Very frustrating. Fix bugs please.
From 20 mb jumped to 80mb.
So much time killer awesome app!
Rubbish used to work now it is slow and quits
Decent app
One star is for it being good another is for that i can communicate with friends and fans all over the world. Im not giving the third star because it bugs in my phone and the fourth star i wont give is because i get spammed all the time and fifth star that i did not give is because we cant send audios like in whatsapp
Wtf is this supost to be a joke!!!!?
i wanna don't know what people do in 6 days ago. i wanted to know what they r doing now.
its a good app but every time i go on it..it just says not responding...Please fix!
Fb inatisha hasa facebook messenger
Network error connection lost
Keeps crashing and won't load the news feed.
arjun
There is no option for switch between most recent stories or top stories
Not able to move this app to SD card. Can you please do it.. Otherwise app is good.it is taking lots of memory
Its fine
Cho 5 sao lun
Why do they need to no our SMS,phone,location and identity
Can't watch videos without app crashing
Why it take to long for down loading fix it thank youuuuu
I feel very good 2 use it
This is amazing!
Very slow
Sucks.......
Cause you can always see what other people think of what pic that they think about
:-)
Won't install on my Android
Errmmmm
It's giving me yesterday news....

Unable to log into my account.  Saying there is a connection error when I am using my wifi and 4g connections. Please fix
It is a joke
Nice application
Its ok
Update causes low memory. Notifications only appear when app is opened. Phone less than six months old and app causes phone to freeze.
Life without fb bilkul bakvas
Ncy
Much
No privacy whatsoever
Actually rather good
Buy buen app para comprtir y rumbiar con los amigos y familiares
Easy one
Good enough. Works as well as any other free app.
Updates has gotten so much better.
J
Best app
Y.
Hate it very slow
Bad up date! !
takes way to long to load now. Everytime I try to post something,  it tells me something went wrong.  This is annoying.  Please fix this problem.
3hunna
Thanks
Not great at showing up to date posts in newsfeed. Notifications take ages...overall not a good update.
No comment everything was good
Kenneth John Lower. Colonel Cab Inc  Louisville,KY 40229   COLONEL CAB, INCORPORATED  General Information Organization Number 0301955  Name COLONEL CAB, INCORPORATED Profit or Non-Profit P - Profit Company Type KCO - Kentucky Corporation Status I - Inactive Standing B - Bad State KY File Date 6/22/1992 Organization Date 6/22/1992 Last Annual Report N/A Principal Office 5420 ANTLE DR. LOUISVILLE, KY 40229 Registered Agent LONNIE W. MINIARD 5420 ANTLE DR. LOUISVILLE, KY 40229 Authorized Shares 1000  Current O
Great!!
not video downloder
Good app but lags on 2G network... But best for wifi n 3G users. .
Way to slow
Cool
Stidat
My account has recently been spammed, and Facebook won't let me delete said spam or change my password.
Keeps force closing
This upgrade is even more of a memory hog and a drag on my phone's performance than the last one!  I wish there was some way to uninstall it and go back to an earlier version.
Learning more things I can do with this app that are convenient.
Too Large!
Love it
Bilal Khan
Keeps crashing! Update is crap! Please fix it now!!! Most videos wont load and it kicks me out every 5 min. Fix..fix..fix..fix...fix...fix...fix....fix!!!!!!!!! This review is negative -10 stars!!!!!
Look for friends and family
Exellent
Good for use at any place
Nice
I don't agree with the permissions or maybe trust they are used appropriately. . But fb online via cell phone is hard to use. I guess I'm back.  Fb if you would be more open with what you do and why we'd all be a lot happier.
Nice app
Facebook is COOL
It is OK . but it isn't fast. it takes a lot time to bring new feds
I like it
Good enough.
I love Facebook
Like it
All is in the title.  Very bothering.
Awesome
Very good
faskhan
Every social media site has its good and bad points. Facebook is great for those with a few friends or thousands. No real big complaints.
I can't look at more than 10 posts without it 'not responding'.
dumb app, losers
Why does it take up so much space? I took off a star from my previous review of the app.
Iki ngopo to facebook update terus?jomblo ya?
Yes...
Last time we used It it was slow but now mor options and all the way around better!!
Love
I can't do anything on it I can't poke or anything it's very frustrating and when I watch videos it says error all the time
Super
Fantastic program
Love the upgrade of this app...XOXO....:-*,<3
Speed
I love Facebook so it's nice to have app for it
It won't really load anything. It acts like it's really slow
Par has Khan
After the new update every time lag and takes a lot of my memory
Not the best at loading sure its fine
Facebook is Awesome
Vere good
The app is good but i didn't get copy text when press and hold screen thats very bad...
Not good .... after I updated to latest version of facebook its get slow ... before update its awesome but afterwards its get slow.. hate to use it ..? U guys must change some features
Needs more memory tried to install it many times bit its telling no sufficient memory hate it.....
Its life and love
Excellent
Constantly forecloses, takes forever to upload pics, slows down my phone and makes it freeze.  Its Easier to use the web then this app
Superb app yaar....
Waste app
I use it 24/7
The latest update of fb is yuk
Hello
Who cares about 6 days ago?
Cause I can text my friends and I can look at the new feeds
Acha chetig said h
Its very easly conect people with each other...
Its crashing everytime i open it in my both android phone please!! Help.... fix it.. :(
Great app do more
Just awosme....bcoz its awosme
Totally in love with this... But I have one problem that whenever I am trying to open my messages so its taking long time to open and sometimes its showing force close option or currently not working. So plz fix this. :)
Good app
Sometimes it can be slow but . Other than that it's great I like how family members and friends can find one another on it . It bring friends and family u have not see for while or knew u did not have closer
Ok
but it takes more space...............
Facebook android is gud!!!!!
Mantap
Great apps
Facebook very liked app. All user's
It should be less than a star.
Excellent
Swag
Great app
I cant tag anyone in my posts after recent update
Works for me!
I have Enjoyed it.
Chwiya wlh
It is awsome
I love it
Shashikumar
Loads better
When i spend almost 15 min and m way down on feeds ...the feed just suddenly get back on the new ones amd it wasted my whole time :-@ 2ndly when i open a picture i have to touch back button to get back on feeds..it doesnt work the same way on iphone...its much better on ios
It stops to much whatbis wrong with this app its so slow cant see no comments
Cool app.....
It's good except my time line review won't load.
Good
Great apl
good.!
Image search in messages not working properly only sticks on first page of image results. Please fix it
yeahhh the best way to contact my love ones in ph.
Great way to keep it touch with your friends and family
<3<3<3<3<3<3
Freezes
I haven't been able to check Facebook since the update. It freezes and pops up Facebook not responding. Extremely frustrating. FIX NOW
VERY  GOOD
The new version SUCKS!!!! KEEPS CRASHING EVERY 3 MINUTES WHAT THE HELL!, tried to uninstall it and download it again... Its getting crappier than ever!
...I download  it and try openinh it and it keeps saying needs for storage what the hell is it downloadinh to my phone
Tooooo good :)
so good
It slows down my set...pls sort this out...i need to be it faster but it is getting slower day by day
Whenever I go to watch videos that were shared, it won't let me see the video and says there was a malfunction.
Very good application
It sucks I should have not updated the old one was  whole lot better than a this one
R
I love it
I can do i want i can vomment i can like i can share i can send friends i love this beutibul ill rate  5 stars more than that love it
Very nice
good
Soo fast i love it
Why the app crashes when I open a video?
Join to my page we stand with israel
Great app
Sudipta C Roy
Everybody knows Facebook. You either love it or hate it. I love it! :)
Ok for tablet use m
Nice
Not bad
There are too many permissions.
Apps
Ashok Bagoria
Awesome
Should I update the New Version. ? Suggestions needed plz.. !!
Very very very super
Doesn't work since update
I love it but for some reason it won't download on my tablet
Excellent
Everything you can think of .
I have unistalled because it takes too times and after  not responding
Amazing
The best way of being in contact for all issue and informations
Assssoooommmmmeeeeeee
every day getting better,good
Excellent
Nice to use..esy handling.bt slow
Can FB has video call on phone? How can i download videos from FB? I hope u can fix it. Thz...
Awesome, keep them updates coming!!
It had improved a lot! however, the newsfeed can't be sorted anymore.. What gives?! I hate seeing old out of order stories!
CAUTION. MINEFIELD. USE EXTREME CAUTION. PTSD PATIENTS DO NOT ENTER, WILL CAUSES EXTREME MENTAL CRISIS.  AMERICAN SOLDIERS BEWARE - ESPECIALLY VIETNAM VETS- RADICAL HIPPIES AND MISCREANTS WITHIN. ENTER YOUR OWN RISK.
Always not responding
Till they screw up the UI again.
Fix please
Separate message thing da faq
Male
Nice
hafeez channa
I promote my band alot and I cannot tag any bands on my mobile phone I always have to switch it to desktop, I can tag my friends or people just not created pages or BANDS!!! I just wanna be able to tag things properly without haveing to switch all the time, it detours me from using the application. I'm on a Sony experia z1 android. People say iPhones can do it, don't know haven't tried don't wanna use iPhones.  Thank you :)
needs more work
I can not share videos in inbox :/
Love It

Awesome
Great it's working again, brilliant 5 stars now
HTC EVO 3D
To day i am using facebook
Bad application -_-
Why my facebook not working record in my inbox? I need help tnxs
Like fb
Now facebook is not good before video we can play even we can download but now they update facebook like a drama. Faking update....
good app. it just needs some adjustments,
Poor
A little app that changed the world
This is absolutely GENIUS! I love the fact i can stay intouch with friends I havent seen in years, tag photos, share everything... Im on facebook 100¡Á a day! I luv it so keep up the good work. 5¡ï's
Won't let me play annnny video's!!!
Very oooosam
It crash every minute.  It's not working at all
facebook
Dear Facebook, I can't seem copy and paste links in the Facebook app in the commebts section. It's odd. The dialog box won't even show, A Paste dialog after long-pressing in the text space.
Having
Google apps.
Like
Vujay
hate it... it cant be opened
Last release is do slow that it's unusable. Even the phone thinks so - almost every operation results in a "not responding" dialog.
Good
Isn't the news feed supposed to be recent? Not from Thursday 2 weeks ago -.- Facebook is going down the drain, even instagram is better
Appreciate it
Wwwaaaooo nice work on my Samsung Galaxy s4
Give me old app this is too. Much bad app
I find it slow to sign-in. If I go through Google its a bit faster. Why is this? Like everyone I stay use to FB connect with family and friends. It's aggravating to sit and wait, and wait. Some times it has taken seven minutes! So I love FB but not to keen on FB Mobile.
Does the new update allows the app to move to SD card especially in Samsung galaxy fit?
Better than the previous
Bennet
Good
NEW UPGRADE IS SOOOOOOOOOO SLOW!!!!!!/  Hate that it changes all my pictures to public!!!!! And i'm unable to change that!! Uninstalling and sticking to the web version!
I like it
it takes more memory in my RAM. and when i watch a video from facebook, my phone keep on reminding me that my phone memory is getting low because of facebook. And sometimes my phone is getting slow too! Can you get back thr old version of facebook? The other post in fb is not updated! Its too annoying! Please fix it!
The
App
Slow
I prefer the mobile website through my browser. The app uses too much memory and every video I play crashes every time. So annoying and inconvenient.  Sony Xperia z
Very nice and friendly application
Blocked all of its data hiving behavior. Its creepy how much of your personal information this sh*tty app wants!
Nice
Fuck! I cant chat on Xperia x8! Wdf is this?
Is a way to get in touch with friends, like it!!!
Great
I love the app
Awesome
We need the feature that helps us reply to comments on various posts. People who are using their PCs can reply to our comments but we cannot reply back because this app lacks that feature. :)
I'm about to snap!
Nice
Amazing
Thanks
Iis
Getting better
Hudu
But it takes too much data and ram...
Hanging problems
Awesome
Kids
I really dont like the new update. But facebook is gratefully approved by my family
This app getting bigger than before.. Please reduce size of app .. I have low phone storage .. Please reduce .. I always got error message 'your device memory is getting low' .. It consume too much memory.. Too large . consider the size

The new version sucks you guys should put the old one back
Takes time to send my messages most of the time
Thank~ you FB
After new update...the news feed doesn't update like it should
this app works so poorly, I cant see anything recent, its all old news. It takes a lifetime to load and isn't worth the trouble
Videos do not play (sound works but no video) in the news feed on either of our optimus g phones, no search option for groups like in the windows version that allow you to find key words when searching in posts (searching this way enables one to quickly find any and all posts you submit to edit/delete by searching your name in buy sell trade groups, and also allows you to search for specific items for sale in them as well). Also PM notifications in the swipe down feature do not always work either.
I love it
This app is still getting worse and worse
IT'S AWESOME when I operate this app on my small mobile Samsung galaxy pocket I feel that I am using Facebook On my desktop computer it's really good download this app it's awesome
Great
I can't tag anyone or play any videos on my current version n it's hella slow...I came here 2 hope 2 c good reviews on the update forum, but I didn't. So I wont be updating. I think I may have 2 learn how 2 use Twitter n Instagram.
Got a lot better..
VIP software of f.b
This aap is Feb.& so esy .I love this app.
Good for talking
Bole la bole la...
Its very slow..slow response..please fix it
old version was better than new update
Alamkhan20
I love this app
So sweet
Facebook
Saurabh
Takes too long to load, even then, doesn't load everything. Crashes too often, way too often. Fix this.
Its good
Not  very  good
I had to uninstall it 5 times and install it again bcz it wouldn't open after the update. before the update it was working perfectly
Kaimzzz app aw 4 dinaa baad saale nu update krna painda fudu

Im.having issues all of a sudden being able to download videos...never had this issue before with short OR long videos! Im trying to get my daughters play songs up....very very sad and dissapointed
Battery guzzler. Takes ages to load and crashes like a house of cards. Pathetic and complete useless
thami
Facebook sucks on my phone. The videos that play on their own freeze up my scrolling. It's annoying when almost every other post has a video. Also, I wish I could bookmark or tag posts privately so i can read then later or save them and have a quick link to it. When you "like" a post, everyone sees it and I cannot easily obtain my "liked" posts. FB is just annoying lately. Seriously consider deleting account sometimes.
Best
Bad program slow and full memory taker...
Crashes when I'm on data connection. The app is a big memory hog and it drains battery fast. The back button is a lot of times unresponsive when viewing photos full screen. Also, there is NO "Suggest Friends", "delete your own comment in other's posts" and "save photo" options, features in the PC browser version I frequently use.
Good
it doesnt uodate the latest feed at all, run very slow and lag
Good app
Switch It Back To The Old Please 
I love fb
CHINNA CHINNA
Please update this shit asap
Fun
The more up dates thebigger the memory and my ph cant handle it
super
We all moan about privacy then post our entire lives for everyone to see. You think your messages are private? Dont make me laugh. The government and media have moulded and influenced all of us into complete and utter transparency of our lives. "USE FACEBOOK OR RISK BECOMING A SOCIAL OUTCAST". Take a running jump. Ill take my chances. And its only so long before everyone else does the same. Facebook is a monster. Chuck it in the bargain bucket like bebo. Kill it!
the new update take more time to load
Low rating until they consider moving the mammoth app sd card
Constantly freezes and crashes, even immediately after updating, no longer sends me any of the notifications I have it set to give me (messages, wall posts, etc), no option to switch back and forth from Top Stories to Most Recent on my feed, and it takes up SO MUCH SPACE
Slow, takes too long to load, and freezes. Bad update perhaps?
Had to open new fb account because its impossible to recover account when fb screws it up. Fix this. If it happens again, I'm outa  here.
Good app though..but actually consumes memory...won't work effectively on my RAM which is less than one gig.   Someone could creat an fb app.isn't it...something like Facebook mini...i will be very happy!
Works great
Some Errors can Be Observed... Also It Takes Too long To Load. Fix plz
I don't like being redirected to the mobile site
Nice apps
Riyadh Saudi..
Love it
Sometimes this application always got Force Close problem on my Htc Desire Hd Please Fix It
Well upto some extent it is good for android user
Welder
I hate it it not interesting
Unable to launch ..crashing.also takes  huge memory
nice ;)
Awesome
Sr
New update sucks can't comment
Its asks for way to much to download like the old version better please fix. Otherwise its OK
GREAT GAMES
Sucks
OK
LET'S FORGET THE PAST, LETS LIVE THE PRESENT.MARYURI.
Fix it I cant watch videos or look at pictures
Loved it
Pl give update
simple n superb
Yeh, sometimes it gets really slow but its really good and you can do almost as much as you could via a computer or laptop - it takes up too much memory space though
Good
good
I will give 5 star if u send me $10
Its.         Facebook.    Yay.
Awesome
amin
Derrick
Please add reply option in comments, and copy text option in posts.. Thanks
Very good
Need improvement
In the recent update I cannot select whether I want to see the most recent news or the top ones
It takes long to download n kips eating my a.t
The application runs great I don't think I ever had a issue personally doing anything in the app... I do not like the constant updates to the phone and the background data us better than it used to be... But I have that love hate relationship with Facebook anyway... Lol
F
pannir selvam
Dileep CR
223344aa
Excellent
Like
Good
..,e..e.
Can't sort the timeline anymore. Fbook are now forcing me to look at old stories! Where are the new items?
Nicce
Very nice App
Facebook will always be facebook
Very poor app..
Why error occur on downloading it is not not downloding on my phone

The one and only 21p
Good
It takes for ever to download....
At times it doesn't want to play videos on 3G/4G. Have to uninstall then install again for it to work. Over WiFi seems ok. This is unacceptable. Using a Sony xperia Z1.
Michele Montalbano
I like this app
Problem after updated.Please fix it.
Very waste app after download the app size is more than 100 mb
Jaime
very poor
You can add tags but if the tag is incorrect how do you remove them?  This is not intuitive, help is of little use on the subject. This is a flaw and needs to be reconsidered
Closes everytime I scroll and takes a lot of memory even when updating.
Super
Newest update too large, not user friendly. Bring back recent post...
I try to comment,its take long time...SLOW..But this is good,we can comment,post pictures,video and many others..That's all..
Q man
Mistake
Why can't i read posts in groups i am in in time order? Everytime i set post to most recent it is only what is on the time line not in groups
But I can't go on new system
C'mon M. SUCKyberg!!      HIRE someone "COMPETENT" 2 FIX this HORRIBLE APP       &  make it work WELL !!! (LIKE the IOS version)                         ...  SO MANY updates later      & it STILL SUCKS!!  WTF??!!  ¡ï NEEDS the ability to SORT NEWSFEED to MOST RECENT!! ¡ï                               & It absolutely NEEDS the ability to CUT, COPY & PASTE!!                                      (It would make it A LOT EASIER to SHARE TEXT  with the CUT/COPY/PASTE FEATURE!!!)
Still Terrible. It will not even let me install it.
bet world one of the great app
Too much data and battery drain. In GPRS areas is unusable. Also dislike having to have use separate Messenger app!
Facebook is a good way to keep in touch with people but have not been able to do that so Facebook please fix the bugs that are going around on Facebook
I like I can keep up with family in other states. Get to see their kids grow up :)
If you got a cheap low budget phone of course this app isn't gonna work properly for you!! # Upgrade yourself!!! Works fine for me. 2014
Sik app
good
Niceeeeeee

it's good but we want theme for app,,,
Ya
but great app not than Google +
Never like this GUI
Videos will flash weird colors and not play on Nexus 5 running Android L
§£§ã§Ö §â§Ñ§Ò§à§ä§Ñ§Ö§ä §ã§ã§ã§ã§å§á§á§Ö§â
Its have more games and I can chating with my friend everyday
The last two updates have done nothing to fix the connectivity issue that keeps popping up every day. Recent stories will not load, newsfeed is never current, can't keep up with friends posts when the thread is quite long, the app jumps around like a crack baby and this just keeps getting worse with each subsequent 'update'. It wasn't broken, quit trying to fix it. So fed up with this app.
Nice app
Always on it
I like this so much
Its good.
Better.
Cool
I like the new interface, but the fact that I can't make in my news feed "most recent" the default option and that while in most recent I keep getting notifications in red from top stories is really annoying!!
I love facebook it's a cool way to interact with others
Nice
Nice app
I love facebook
It's not letting me save anything. It's always error saving. It's been happening worse since this update. Fix it
You rock
Rafique
Nice app
Bad...
I'm getting so frustrated with this app. Use to have no problem with it. It was great but now i can't watch videos on it and i have updated and nothing but when i uninstall it and then reinstall it will let me watch them when i open it but then when i get off of it and back on later it won't. Please fix this problem and i will rate it a five star.
It so good
Just dumb

Appp nice app
Having updated this app on my Sony z2 I can nolonger watch videos for more than 10 seconds where then I get an error report not happy sort it out Facebook!!!!
Sux!
Fantastic application
Very good app.
Best
Thumbs up from the last update
Hi
Dear Facebook teams  after new updating we couldn't download videos please solve this problem
It's cool for fun
Crashes constantly on lg optimus g1
Can't watch video in new version....plz improve this

Super
Äã²á
Very useful
Why dont you guys kill your self.you really have nothing to live for
Its hard to login
Why does the app balloon to 110MB after I log in and start using it?
Is best socal service application
Runs Grrreat...now  :D
Gud
How many UPDATES does it have to do? Think they are spying on us with UPDATES every few days!
Easy to use. Marvellous apps
Not bad...but force closes everytime..yet deserves five stars :)
Ok
Lol. Its so long to wait.
It doesn't show comments when I have a notification for them, the photos don't load in my newsfeed,  it doesn't show the most recent updates (although I click show most recent)I have downloaded and re-downloaded on my android,  I have tried other people's Internet and now I just use browser. Please fix.
Facebook
whash your hands and brush ur teath
Its super social app
I love it's so nice
When ever I upload a picture it posts it sideways it's really annoying
Good
Nic
Ideal for mobile users. But still needed lots of options
Its so addicting
It sucks! Only old stories is in my newsfeed not the new ones -.-
Nice
Great
Nice
This new update is horrible why do we want to look at what happened days Ago on the news feed..
Scarsissimo
It won't let's me open app. I went to desktop version on mobile and can't open task bar. STUPID!!! IM GONNA DELETE MY ACC!
Broken. Won't load anything but a tiny section and never refreshes. Always the same thing each time it's opened
Raja
Boleh laaaaa
this almost slow is not rasped this app wast
Mast application hai
Battery consumption higher after the latest update. Heats up the phone within minutes.
O.kay but not enough privacy!!! Understand where Children are concerned but for P.Mingits not to private?"!?Chris O'Neil
Nice....
I just got blocked because I "like" posts. What the heck was that ? Are you all our of your mind ? I don't have words to describe that ! If someone likes a post they press the "like" button. What the hell is wrong with that ? Seriously this is insane I hate it. Why is there a "like" button if using it gets you blocked ? Am totally mad by that..
Facebook
Dancing with mrs. Obama!
Good but honestly troop
Shows mainly old posts
wuhhhh
Face
Great and best ever
Needs to be updated,  keep seeing post from three days ago
Nice
Facebook account
Latest version of app does not open at all on nexus4
WHAT HAPPEN TO FB ? LATEST UPDATE WAS SO LAGGY !! PLEASE FIX IT,THANKS
buli lah
Best
Thnx for spying the whole world!
like it
Night
Awsome
Love it
Rodrigo
Could not be downloaded...
Very good
Thnx
Every time I try to upload a Video the app shuts down && I can't reopen it without uninstalling & then reinstalling whyyyyyy...?? This is Highly Enjoying
Paaa
Easy to access
Nice
Awesome
GTA is better hahahah
Why did you feel the need to fix something that wasn't broken? The old layout was fine. I mean, who are you to decide what is relevant to me on my news feed? As for 'having' to install messenger, that's just one crap change too far! From most of the reviews on here, I can see I'm not the only one who is unhappy. But do you take it on board? Of course not!
Excellent apps
Im quit satisfy with this application. Good luck!
My book
Wow
Good app
love boys
Keep freezing my phone, every time i  scroll down and find a video, and it tries to show me a preview of it, is annoying to have to wait until app closes. To many resources unnecessarily used for this app, please do something since this is not only the most downloaded app but also the most used app once you have it, is not like you downloade it and use it sometimes, this app is being use all the time so please, take it in mind
The new Facebook sucks really bad needs the old one back this new one keep freezing my fone I dislike this new one
Good but it sucks my memory
To slow
handal
I lyk it
Very poor
Y'all getting better keep up the good works Guys.. It nice if i could see number of friends i have like i can with the browser... still waiting do u not want five star
Like it
When i open my fb account iand view the messages it keep on saying "unfortunately facebook has stop" and the app will exit?! Pls ..pls.pls..fix this i just uninstalled it and now im downloading it again to prevent errors.
Lovely
My Video stream in this app freezes up
Hy
Akhtaf
Da best to communicate people...i
On device with 512mb ram..
After better upgrade look better work better
This new app is very GOOD
It's quite ok but the problem is videos would start freezing once played
I don't know why..sometimes uninstalled needed then we need to install again..sometimes its good and its excellent., thanks Facebook for mobile.,and because of this and its working, I give you 5 stars!!!!"!
I can't share a post on someone else's wall anymore I can only tag people now. I don't like the new update
Invalid package error receiving again and again
I can't call it..Its A great Social App that let's people all over the World Stay in Contact with Family Friends as Well as meet New People and visit your favorite Musicians Concerts and Fan Pages and keep up with your favorite  Celebs etc. which gives us the Ability to Share our lives at our on Discretion..I wish you the Best and Good luck..
EXCELLENT.

I love Facebook with my lovely Uttrakhand
Dobar
Nice
First of all, the app takes up 15 hundred gigabites, basically to say that i cant understand why the app cant move to sd card. Secondly, way too much ads pops up from nowhere at a rate of 3 ads per minisecond. Something must be done to that. Lastly, i dont see much difference between using the internet to search for facebook and this app. Obviously, if i were you i would use the internet than wasting 15 hundered gigabites and facing tons of ads popping in front of your face everytime light passes a metre.
I cannot find a way to sort friends post by most recent.  Also cannot find how to view my timeline.
Went from 22.33mb to 118mb
Good
So stuped
needs to be less mb..then only i will give 5 star
Too slow always kixking u off junk uninstalled now no worries and the rating for it is pretty shity there's the truth
Does not work               G
needs a lot of improvment still v slow
It is easy to chat with our friends
Fine
Cool
Application is closed when tried to open comments from notifications. Happening since last update.
Video feed issues have reappeared
The design is awful and not intuitive. It took way too long to get used to.
Do you guys not understand how to make a news feed? I want to see things in the order they were posted! Not some other bullshit order that you think I want...
Vachi
I uninstalled it becoz i cant see y newsfeed and now dat im going to install it i cant download it anymore..!!! Dafuq is wrong with fb even the youtube app stop working..pls fix..
No comments
Ally mustafa
Loved it
Ansaf Mahmood Lone
Excellent
Ok
Worst app evr
Love it
Please correct the system because there is timing error, my freinds posted their status just now but this apps shown 11mins ago...its quite major problem which the developer should correct it immediately.
Gembel
What genius decides to change something that is working just fine? Now I don't see a menu where I can switch to different groups. Why do you have to keep changing things?
Overall its good and acceptable and still needs some improving
Nice Fast Fb App
My Facebook has problems first the time on it like when I post something is way off I could post something less then a minute and then it always said that I posed it 5 hours ago and I can't see my own profile
Best
Good
This App has a new versioN and update all time. It's is cool app you can upload picture. And no limit to upload picture. That is all god bless.
It's awsome
Nice application
Its ok
I don't hate it I just think there should be a dislike button.
Easy to use and stay in touch with friends and family.
Online friends dikhata hi nahi or bahut slow chlta hai
Ok
Ver  good  appa
Facebook do no need this much space ...
FACEBOOK is eating you alive Stop joining it. STOP!!!!!
Stupid
Lovely
Great thanks
Asha patel Sorry phon to upado plz
I love it
Its ths shyt
Plz do it
I cant get get back in because of a number i was supposed to finish
Loved it
I love it
excellent
I cannot connect to fb through the app OR internet. I uninstalled and installed app again and nothing. Fix asap!
If I send a message its taking a lot of time I can't share any thing waste of time
Where is the setting to turn off video autoplay, can't scroll without app freezing to autoplay every single video. Phone HTC one
It needs to fix the notifications, I don't want to see crap from days ago
Junk since update
Slow n crashes a lot. using Android 2.3.5 on HTC Desire S.
What the hell!  How come I can't find my music pages in my likes anymore?  Fix this, now!
Love the look its just i think its slow and sometimes my messages dont show.
Still crap. Doesn't load properly in my SGY even when on 3G. It has improved interface but memory efficiency is highly reduced. Please make it less memory and data eating.
Facebook bent
Since the most recent update it doesnt refresh at all, not even my mssgr please get this fixed!!
Changes. Required
Loading posts/comments/photos forever and ever and ever... Web version works all the time, going there instead, sorry app. Also, sometimes when you follow a link out of the app it is impossible to return, the app automatically throws you to the web page, and you have to kill all the services and the process to fix it. Furthermore, the app does not respect its own no-vibration setting for notifications. Clicking like doesn't register/stick properly. I could go on... :(
Desinstale e instale la aplicacion y ni siquira eh abierto facebook y me gasta memoria! No la uso para nada y ya no tenia espacio debido a lo que ocupa facebook No desinstalo esta aplicacion porque tengo muchas amistades en facebook .. si no fuera por eso me iria a twitter, aunque sea no ocupa tanto espacio ;)
Very good
The video on Facebook stops playing says there's an error. It's becoming very irritating!
I just don't like the update..!
Sucks, so slow.
At least 3 times a day it says it's unable to load my news feed. It's really frustrating. I end up having to go to the site via my browser instead of the app. Very inconvenient.
Its goodssss
Why all the necessary and updated apps take too much memory so much that it makes the phone slower???
Nice this facebook browser This so fast browser
very funny
Bugs
plese resolve my many west here radhika Jim
Great app!!! Thank you for fixing all the problems I had out of it!!!!
una muy buena aplicacion para estar en contacto con tus amigos
Bug appear ~ unable to turn off notification of post,pls fix thx
Untrustworthy.  Hidden danger lurking in shadows!
Very good all time breaking news anythinv spl. Anytime can see
Was not crazy about last update but I use this app a lot
The Facebook app still doesn't follow Google's new guidelines for app design. It still makes extensive use of the menu button and hasn't implemented contextual action buttons. HTC owners are especially affected by the software menu bar that has to appear at the bottom and takes up screen real estate. Please fix that Facebook.
best app ever
This is a Good app
Poor
NICEEEE
From two days its not working on my device its showing me error that error loading news feed. Finely its not working. Pls solution my problem.
Greate
Freezes a lot on samsung galaxy S5
recipe facebook login
Love it
I've tried like 20 times but the update won't download..Hate it!!
Ok
is  a nice app
Cool
Maraming nagagawa ung fb....
Nice
Great
mast
It says trouble loading news feed
OmG.........good

I hate facebook.
Supper
Warriors
Stops unexpectedly all the time
Very nice
update this version... Very slow to 2g internet service..
Like it
I can't update my status from the app unless I am posting a picture. I can do everything else but that. Needs to be fixed ASAP!
Slow, buggy
Abid pk
I can't view anything won't load... wth why even have it total waste
Check out the newsfeed problem
Never has the functionality of the mobile site. Can't edit delete posts or comments. Updated to Nexus 5 and my review remains the same. Never a blip on the mobile site, yet the app is constantly force closing.
Ooooosam
Awesome  like d it
Excellent
Screen freezes as soon as I open the app. Will give a better rating when I can actually utilize it.
Facebook is bomb
Ok
Better then before 
Hi my all friend
Hello
It's lagging. Plus idk why it also goes blank whenever I try to tag someone in photo. It's getting annoying. Pls fix it thank you.
I like it
I wonder why is it like this...need more facilities...and it should be more quick! ^_^
Love ittt
Gotta stay low as hell
Its nice
When i upgrade to new fb....its so slow when i want to update status n sent message....soo u have too check,if there something wrong....ok....
It is fun  that we can. Now chat wowww++
Vibrates on comments even though vibrate disabled + disabled in messenger + restarted phone.
Khmer
Great experience for the most part. Wish to get the app smoother.
Just a few criticisms: newsfeed never ends please condense this, make the format better, it takes up too much space, so please make the app size smaller. Takes ages to load sometimes, too much advertising and junk suggestions like groups, game apps, mutual friends etc so time wastes. Get rid of the activity log its really annoying. hope my feedback is applied asap thanks.
Now works with ASUS MeMO Pad ME302 model running Android 4.3. Thanks.
Q.
Needs too much storage
good I like but I can't download it
I love it so much lol
fbbbbb......
081532210
Made by Foolish
Surj
I always aswm
Like it!  Useful
Awesome application :)
Pooooooorrrrrrr
Makes it easy to ad pictures :)
Cool
good for social network
It is great
Good conective
Nice app!
Event zhte t
Great appp....like it.
The new ui is really v. Nice
Good app
I love it this is wonderful application
Addictive Able to connect with friends and family around world
Leungchew
Terrible
;)
Nice
Its much better the older version than this one, if I have given the time i'll never update this app...
Thanks for giving ur best efford to this app. Keep improving
It crashes everytime i open it.pft!
Like
Hahaha,
Loved it
Good apps
143
its good but the news feed shows posts from a couple of days behind & doesn't show recent statuses .. needs fixing.
Old updates are shown instead of recent updates
Fb
Photo share
very well.
Constant force close
good
Nice
Child Care
good app real
Uzair ahmed khuhro
I want the old app back !
Yuck...... I don't like it..
the speed of opening messages posts profile is very slow
Loved it
Superb app
why is there a constant need for updates when the app works perfectly??? now it wont allow you to upload pics and sometimes my comments don't go thru on a post... please fix this problem immediately!
Ok
Good
I love facebook apps .nice
i loved it
I love FB I spend most of my days on FB.
My Cell Phone Is 512 Mb Ramon And Its Not Comportable With My Cell Phone Its Not Respondingss Laggye. Pls Fix It I'll Give You 5 Pls Pls
Vijaykumar

Loved it
Ilove Facebook
Its awesome
Very good app just try it .
Apps

I often receive error message when trying to play video. It annoyed me so much!!
Now you cant stay offline while you are surfin fb? What on earth is this? Update fo better or update fo worse.CHOOSE AT YOUR OWN RISK!!!!!
I Love it....
Great and easy just hate how it lags
Hasan
Please change to see new feeds all time feature.
Very good app yaar, for my samsung Galaxy y GT-5360
The app works but delays before changing from one operation to the other. It also has too many error messages.
Dhasu
after last update epic fail
Videos keep crashing  z2
I only seem to see the same peoples posts...and they're always older posts. Sort it out FB! Why have you made it difficult to view most recent? And why are the most recent posts edited to show only the same set of people? If you stopped messing around with psychological tactics and scaling and just let me see what all of my friends write, that'd be fab. Cheers.
Great
I want the app to use less data space
Nice.
Need auto sign out when out on screen hp or restart hp or disconnect wifi .. tq
Like it
update karata passe slow
Virtually as soon as I update it says you need to update again. .
The app freezes when I open it, forcing me to use internet explorer anyway. Get it together, people.
kumawath
Better now
Good app but I'm admin of a group & have to approve people's posts, but when I click on it, it says no posts to be approved but I know there are. So instead I have to go on to browser to accept these. It used to work on the app but now isn't, please fix
Have to uninstall the update every time I want to upload a video.
Texty
Phearum Aun
Nic app
It uses up so much memory on my midrange phone.
It took too much space on my phone and it had an disorganized layout AND the real thing is TERRIBLE  and NOTHING like the pictures.           I would not recommend this to a friend.
Loved this app....
Masti
Nice changes i like the new look in the app n ol still i have to open the in my browser sometimes to check my other and archived messages ! Get on app as well
It hangs my fone after installing new version.........so sort out this problem.....
PLEASE fix i cant see the new update or post of my friend and i cant post a status!  PLEASE FIX
Interesting
Nice app
New update has now resulted in battery draining fast and uses up memory
Avg
Bcoz I love it but a slower than 1 version
This is to request you to consider a couple of suggestions which might help us in using Facebook more efficiently.  First, there should be a dislike button along with like & comment.  Secondly, all the group names should appear or rather the search option should allow us to choose our own group names other than close friends, family etc.  Last, but not the least if you could incorporate smilies/ emoticons like you have done in Facebook messenger.
Ocee,,,,,
Best apps for its thankyou
Bulleskreteg
Worst app i ever used   Takes too much memory but then as well doesn't work
Good
1234
Nice :-)
There have been a lot of up dates and each time the app becomes bigger and bigger. Not sure i want to run off the app much longer.
Tho they fixed the reset and not knowing were it reset to issue now it resets while reading posts just because there's new posts why can't it just wait until your done with reading the posts and get to it in your own time I'd say just use it from Google and forget the app I'm ready to uninstall it again
Hate
Jjhjhjhjjjjjjjjjjjjjjj

Everytime I open my app it freezes up randomly and I cant do anything fora couple of hours
Facebook has becomes a part of public life. But i dont think its necessery. Before also public spend there life with out facebook. Who deserve facebook they only can enjoy....have a nice day & goodnight..
Who cares what facebook thinks are the top stories? Bring back the most recent option like everyone wants
New update has now resulted in battery draining fast and uses up memomry. Do not like the auto play on videos!!!! Some videos are hurtful to watch......
Hi
Good
Hi
Ghg Di faheinf fa wfialifp  hxcjzgkstosotyoshozludljdylfulzgkxy zoyztldyldulfhfup .jpudulxlbxbldkgdhlduflhdykskhdmgslylhfufupfvzoy gldlydgodpyuuluupcpn
Braucht zu viel arbeitsspeicher, st¨¹rzt die ganze Zeit und das setting up dauert den ganzen Tag
hi
Crashes and doesnt work for more then a few secs
love it .
I love the new version of facebook
The new update is vry good i really like that now i can untag my self from friends photos thanku :-)
Goood
Okay.. good
So slow and stuck to play the video
It sucks
Very good app
Its awesomeee
Good
Pls fix it. It takes to much memory
Hi
Every time I open the app it closes it by itself for no reason I've got a Samsung s2
I dont like it
Tricia Allen
facebook is :)
I will share this app
Good app
I love facebook
i hate it when the app keeps bringing me back on the top of the timeline whenever i return from opening a link or randomly bringing me on top of the timeline. fix it.its annoying. i want to return to where i left off.
Means Mind Blowing

Facebook too popping 
Love it
I really loved it its truly the best
Unable to play videos now that I updated my Facebook.
Sometimes it doesn't load. It would be nice if the default news feed is set to most recent, or I could just toggle it in the home screen and not have to scroll to right for more options.
Lasted about 15 minutes on my phone, which is how long it took to view my profile, after a half dozen force quit or wait notifications. Happily uninstalled.
Memory use became bigger than the old version
Its so cool love thus app
Good job
sanjaykumar
it ok but takes up to much meomry
posts need to be newest first.Annoying to see repeated posts from a week ago.
Loved it
Updates with no description to "what's new". Annoying...
So why did facebook remove the option to turn off notifications on  posts I liked or comment on? Why remove features?
application is responding..cant comment..super slow
Its really a mazing love love.
I still miss a lot of what people post after changing to most recent. And when unloading a photo having the photo roll instead of albums is horrible.
Nice app
Takes a long time to refresh and alot of memory taken and data
It takes time to download. Because of heavy.
mastt
Realy
Love the Lord
Never have fixed any of the previous problems, you just keep piling on the crap, freezes comments, freezes video, can't see the picture comments you just posted, FACEBOOK YOUR APP IS BAD AND YOU SHOULD FEEL BAD.
so cute
Text is too small for 8.9" Samsung galaxy tablet. Needs urgent attention from Facebook android developers.
It's so grate
Ausom

no good plz,improve it
Saleem
Verygoodanduseful
Its so good love it
Thebook
not bad...;
Facebook shoudnt have updated this.. it didnt made this app. Better.... acually facebook is really great BEFORE it was updated ...
Kfsrh
I lick this
All hats off
Lovely
i give you five star ..if you fix bugs
Amizing

When I have WiFi its super slow to show pictures,post,likes and all that but when I don't have WiFi it works perfectly fine what's going on Facebook
up det jayada karna padta hai

Chutyapa
But not best
Nice
Like
This app takes more usage of  RAM and makes the phone SLOW , takes along time to login and logout from it and ISN'T RESPONDING ALWAYS!. Just fix this!!!! My favorite apps aren't working smoothly because of this app.. this is not the app that I expected to use the Facebook. I just hate this -_-
Nice
Takes more time to load picture,to get messages
I lovely
It'll make your phone SLOW!
HELP, CANT SEE PHOTOS OR VIDEO ON FACEBOOK. HAVE BEEN ASKING FOR HELP FOR MONTHS PLEASE REPLY. VERY UNSATISFIED
I don't mind it its facebook
You know what Facebook is. They r keeping their fame well. Love it
Nice
Bring back the sorting option!!!
It's really good
This new version making my cell slow. Please do some necessary updates.
Rock
Demand!!! Facebook home for all
ALAKDAN
Good but slow
It need a lot of memory to install
Very good
Bit slow..
Nice app
Can't upload photo comments and can't view the most liked comments ... Please fix.
Love it
Takes up too much memory
I like it.itz  a wonderfull aap.full 5 stars for this app.
Both
Super
Very good app
Turn off notifications doesn't work at all,  pressed it several times and I still keep getting annoying notifications about the post!
I love it
Like
Ang ganda...
Awesome!!!
Just fab...
im using fb always. tq fb.
My out state friend connection.
Wish there was a dislike button like there's a like button
To
Facebook's latest updates create multiple crashes. Hope you'll resolve this.
New version of facebook is so amazing i start to use it and i made a very fast conversation to my friends and family.
But...... network. Is so slow so we can not. Use about######
Nice
I really love fb but there times that its hanging can u fix it and i give u 5 star
Superb
But fix the status issue we want to see the most recent updates and push notification process
Is it just me?  The last few updates are more like lag-dates. Is literally faster to load comments on my photos and statuses via google chrome than the Facebook app. Same goes for messages too the FB chat app is just as slow!!
Very nice
Unfortunately , complaining on this gets nowhere
Wonderfull social network
Ok
I using ninetology mobile. First,its ok. But then it always ask me to force the application to stop. Dont know why. Always forcing stop. Pls fix.
Acount Got Hacled WTF
Love Facebook
Good
I had to unistall it would always crash!
Runs slower than my grand parents f*ck, what is up with that? Why when I upgraded to the S5 would it run slower than it did on my s3? Makes no sence
Poor app
Shubham
Cant read devanagari font
i love it..
This app is filling my tablet's memory i cant almost download games can you make this app smaller like the old version

It is very awesome
My favourite
Daudk
If you dont close the app it doesnt refresh please check it
heheheheh
I love you facebook
Hon just to inform you that the agent of the most part of the most part of the most part of the most part of the most part of the most part part of the most part
ITS GETTING WORSE!!!!I HATE IT!!!!
Great app love itxx
Was working fine till yesterday. Not the app is not working. Sony Tablet S
Superb!
takes up more memory, makes the phone slow. and the old layout/theme is still better.
Very buggy
Not good. It was originally of 22 MB when I downloaded and after I installed, it was taking 38 MB. More dramatically, even few hours later, it was 100 MB. It increased to 157 MB on the next day. What hell it is doing!  Why do you (FB) regularly increase its size? Is my phone only for FB. It also takes very much RAM. What hell it plays. It let my phone Hang frequently. I want to use it but unable. Please improve and let it remove the earlier and unnecessary components after update.
I've noticed people have been complaining about recent news, I agree it is a pain to go to recent, plus it would be awesome if you could add multiple accounts please see to that, the layout is different but I think I like it. Another thing if possible could you add translations.
Update
wow
Its too slow to get log in..
Facebook developers can stop brainstorming on improving this application every single day. Guys don't you have weekends? Vacation time?
can u plss fix this.. I'm always refresh my fb but theres no news feed... tsss
It's fantastic !!! I love it.
Very nice
Thanks for everything
Ho
The new update sucks. I can't choose individual ppl to share my posts with like I could before the update. And I am not able to get notifications to my phone now.
y
Video crashes frequently now. Please fix this.
Nice app. I loved  it. But  sometime  its being  hanged. So please  fix
love
TOTALLY ADDICTING!! :-) :-)
Mohan
T
This is an amazing app
Ma
Can't watch any uploaded fb video from last 2 or 3 months. Updates sucks. I hope new version full fills that problem I am facing. Thankyou
Khim shin yeon lee
Loved it!
Bad
Facebook majya jeevanatalal avibhajya ghatak aahe me diwastun baryach vala Facebook ver asto Facebook shivay jagana ata shakya nahii Facebook is great.
It is even slower than the original Facebook but I still love it
In the most recent updates, Facebook has only been showing posts from a few days ago, rather than posts that have just been posted. I don't really see the point of it.
Three stars
So i makes my phone hangy cant update it says insufficient memory even if i have 150mb free
We are expecting more improvement on speed of this app...

Sucks man....
Bodesalam bird songcha friend ja
Love it
It's total rubbish. Fails on watching videos,  uploads and keeps burning my screen out, not just on my phone either!
Awesome
For me this is friend now
Love It
Good
What the  rubish it is
good

good
Salli sirra hi kra dindi a bhencho walli att a karoo bai download
Mast hain
I like this but i click the two star
It was fine the way it was. Now I can't get my news feed. Keeps saying "try again", or "no post to see". Please bring the last one back. This one sucks!!
Helps you to get in touch with friends easier and quicker than without it
Boom panes cant coment
Md firoz
This app lets u run fb without a browser and in a btr way. Enjoy.
LIKE IT
id like to download this apps.thanks and godbless.
fantastic app
I don't like the fact that older post are seen today. I want to know what is happening now, not what has happened.
This is wounderful thanks a million Time  specially
It needs some work but its alright I'll give it five when I can actually take a photo from my photo section and add it to my gallery cuz I had to get a new device just make it work dats all I'm asking
1st class as always
Superb

Nkosenhle Shange
Very good view at all times
Nice Super
Waan ofii
Panes
Memuaskan
Love it
Loves it and stop sayin facebook is poop stop
Good
Jadi lemot :(
Don't stop  a good job okay
Ewan dn
Awesome
Every time I tried opening the app,  my screen would go black and stay frozen.  I had to force shut down every time to be able to use my phone again.  This kept going on so I had to uninstall.  It seems your updates are causing more problems for the users, no good.
Good
Very bad
I'm getting them through but when I get tagged in photos but when I go on my timeline to pending posts it just says "unable to load...tap to reload" then never reloads so I can't add the photos I've been tagged in to my timeline?? Please fix this ....galaxy s5
Qamer habib
Slooow
Nang
Does what it's supposed to do.
Better speed.
This is good but I can't seem to be able to watch any videos posted on it if fixed I give all five Star's
It is very slow app
@@@@SupEr app
Facebook
Goob
At the start of last week it was great and I was able to add comments to each photo before posting. Now its changed back and you have to upload individually again if yoy want separate comments. Please fix!
I love this aap
Many population
Joudy
Such a great app...
My best friend

Nice
Cool aap
Slow and bad update
Consume almost 40% ram... New update sucks...!
I verry like this
Install
Please fix the problem!
need to fix push notification servixe i didn't recieve push notifications
On s4.. would be better if the option to see popular posts or most recent was back, I dont get notifications if other people comment on posts I've commented on (very annoying) and sometimes pictures dont load (which makes for a very boring fb) and thats all the pictures on news feed even people's profile pics. Would make the app 100 times better if these issues were sorted :)
Cool
GypFor chat good
Why top stories? I saw a post from 6 YEARS AGO this morning. Six years. No one wants to see stuff that happened three+ weeks ago, if I did I'd look at my history. I have yet to see any reason as to why this app deserved more than one star
Since I updated I can't watch videos on fb. Keeps saying there is an unexpected error. I knew I shouldn't have updated. PLEASE FIX!
I like it....
Because its awesome.
Great way to stay connected to family and friends!
Jass
Brill app
Fab
Nice application!!
I like like it
I like it
please low this version.my samsung s5 is full when i download this app??memory is full
Like it
Can't up date
Mr bahlu
Nayan
I cant log out pls fix it

Debnath
Facebook apparently for old android
Best
3rd class app,,,i realy hate it ,it realy sucks ,,i can't upload any pic as well
Everytime I download it, it always says "Error Downloading Facebook" and would instruct me to reinstall. But after I reinstall and open it the Error Message would again pop-up.  Developers, please fix this. By the way, I'm using a Lenovo A60+  THANK YOU SO MUCH!
Thanks
This app make me bullshit  wen im using this .. not like b4 :/
Feeds are not proper can't copy anything
LIKE
I've been trying to watch videos on facebook but after seconds of playing it always stops! I can't even finish the videos for 20 seconds! It started when I update it. Please fix this ASAP!!!
nice I love this facebook.. :)
Am enjoying it
Facebook
Fcuk
Superb
The new updates are slow and it freezes or wont load and it shuts down right in the middle of,using it.  Takes for ever to post anything and videos and,pics take way,to long to load if they load,at all
Good
Love it
bueno
Nice
Thanks for faebook
Very very slow
Yay
gets stuck up...
Nice one
Good apps ever
Good
I cannot make install this.... Duplicate copy
Awesome social media
Superb
Love it, it keeps me in touch with all of my family, friends, and the world that I love. Thank you so much.... :-)
:( nate gilo!!!!
Please fix , its very annoying! For many years it will just end up like this? Very annoying! Many people is relying on this app! Just fix it please!!!
This is poor.
Its  so good and  best
Good one
Good but if a friend comments on a pages post you should be able to skip to their comment,  not just endlessly scroll though random people's to find it
Pllzzz hlpp mee
Vgood .
It keeps saying there's an error when I'm trying to log in.
Update my status, refresh the page and the page displays all of the previous 2 days status, and mine is nowhere to be seen, pants!
Great
Not bad
I love it a lot,its make me happy every second,its help me stresless whene i open my mobile.
Poor !
Facebook
Its alright the layout is good bug kind of annoyed that the default view is top stories.  Kind of annoyed that top stories exist cause its pointless. Please set most recent as the default view and have top stories on the options on the far right
Mmmmmmah
Pls.. Lower the mb of this app
Ganda nito ok na ok
Consumes a lot of data.. Please fix??
Ns
Its ok but I want most recent posts back im getting posts from december because they were popular its crap!
please fix it
Great
I cant use this app after up date
Cannot refresh page and always error I'm on nexus 5
Yieh
this is good way.
Unique...!!!
3days.Facebook can cell all my profile and let me start a new one and 3 days u been blocking me. I only have 1 cell phone.
Not able to play videos on Facebook... HUH PLEASE FIX THIS ASAP......
For the last two days I haven't been able to login in. Receiving msg of check my server. Billion dollar app and this app is messy. Not able to reset password or anything...
Jack pot
Nice Facebookm
good
I liked it too  much.
Ok
Good
What kind of app is this??          This is so annoying. ...       this is the most stupid app ive ever seen.
Don't like the privacy breaches being brought on by the updates.  I personally only use Facebook for long distance family and friends and don't think YOU need to know that.
Why is it sayin not enough storage to store ???....
Hi
I love it thats all
Good app
Very poor quality cant open the massege its stucks the phone
Great
Not good. It was originally of 22 MB when I downloaded and after I installed, it was taking 38 MB n now only a month later it is 55 MB. It updates every week. Why do you (FB) regularly increase its size? Is my phone only for FB. It also takes very much RAM. What hell it plays. It let my phone Hang frequently. I want to use it but unable. Please improve and let it remove the earlier and unnecessary components after update.
I can't watch videos and pictures won't load! What's up with that? Please fix or I will be uninstalling.
To erase profile and resign up with a new one
Great
Its good
Facebook
Since the new update I am unable to log and use Facebook unless I am connected to a WiFi.  So most of the time I cant use it on the go. Sucks.
Very good app..
Xcellent
Facebook is THE app to have. It keeps you in touch with my world, my friends & my family.
good ,i thinlk need update ,,,slow slow slow
hai
Faster and more accessible
Wooov.
Takes up 31MB of data even when i store the app on my SD card, even when i clear all data it manages to get back up to around 28MB even though no one is logged in
I like the facebook
My way to communicate with family and faraway friends.
Why I cant download it plss need fixed
Be
Good
you  one por me
Since the new update the app started to crash everytime I tried to use it. I sent a complaint message and nothing changed and as I can see nobody is happy about the new update. So please do something about it
I downloaded it for easy connecting with friends with just one click. After installing, I run the app realizing posted posts were 2 days ago or 1 day ago, tried to reload it for maybe I can get newly posts or updates but then NOTHING. I got discourage then. For the next run/opening of the app it wouldn't open. Black color appeared causing my phone to hang, thought was destroyed already. Geez. I am so disappointed. Back to web browsing. Urgh! PLEASE FIX THE ISSUES BEFORE EVERYONE WILL GOT DISAPPOINTED.
Gud and fun
is not good. when i want to know recently post it will sudden close.. how come
Very good
fapcpebook bagus
I like the Facebook.
whatsapp better than facebook and slow working

Fb is awsome $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$///$$####*
I like facebook
Constant and severe drain on my phones memory, and the newsfeed no longer defaults to most recent. Also any form of notification is very slow and doesnt alert until at least 30 minutes later.
goooooooood
Akash
Good
Rijvzan
Good
Mamtap abis
Very fast
Cool
Video doesn't work
Mantap
Good
Still can't pin posts or do much else in groups..TERRIBLE-Really dodgy to have your location on by default on your personal messages. This urgently needs to be changed and is dangerous for kids etc. Also, why is Messenger app better than Facebook app? No easy or fun emoticons when typing text in updates or comments. Fiddlier to use. Really slow-the mobile site is loads quicker and easier to use. I'm surprised it's still not a decent app. Also,  why is there a Facebook Pages app but no Facebook Groups app?
Not working, want let me log in,FIX THIS
Face book
food
I totally like this....
Great job
Love it
You can see the photos and status,and you can see who are online!!

Like very much
Getting bored of having to clear the colossal amount of data being stored by this app.  Stop it fb
Ano bayan ang taas ng MBPS nito yan tloy ang hirap mag download  pwede ba babaan nyo
Keep kicking me off and takeing me out of app. It needs to be fixed asap
fabulous app
It's very nice
Yall with the negative comments can stop hating because Facebook got that act right on most of yall anttyywayss, yasss
Unknown error code 961
One of the best in the business for sure baby !! Yup
Wonde rfool
massig
Non
CANT CHANGE MY PROFILE PICTURE HUHHHH! And Mobile Facebook Looks and Is Way Better Than Facebook for Android..UPDATE !!
Msti ka fanda
Good
Fastter
Really loveable. !
It sucks.
Gud BT not too much
When trying to watch videos on FB i keep getting an "error occured" mssg a couple seconds into the video. Sony Xperia Z. Happened after updating to latest phone software. So it might be the phone as well.
Why is it that I have over 365 friends but I only see posts from about 50? Not only that but my timeline repeats itself. I see about fifty posts before it goes right back to where I started from. I know my other friends are posting but it's just not showing up and I'm sick of checking my timeline and seeing things I've already seen a million times. This happens on the computer too, not just the app. This site just gets worse and worse.
BUT i don't like how it randomly closes all the time. Update please.
Love it
Plzzzzzz improve it's features......
Baik
Pictures of employees all...
Phone easily hang because of this. Please fix it.
Someone needs to fix the bug on the time line review I turned It on but doesn't work & I'm not the only one
Love it
Best App
Its a complete different experience of Fbooking through dis app!! Over all nice app!
....which is better
It stops working and closes I hate this new version of Facebook.
Da m i
Nic
Hi guys dugai lge mainstall fb
get closed at any time.....
It irritade some time
No option to move the app to SD card
Faster app then before on my Samsung Galaxy S III
No
Nice app
Need to see a recent timeline and keeps crashing

Great
So good app.
We're finally moving in a decent direction. Two problems, though: 1) The comment section opens when I hit "like." 2) Posts are still pretty out of order.
Make my device slow
Its cool but they need to update because notifications pop up from 6 day ago and people want to see what their doing now
But then it just wasted my memory If you could come up with something that is not that complicated to navigate The Updated Version Could¡¯ve been Great
Nice
It sometimes slows down and stops on my phone please fix it please
Shruti
waaaaaa
super app
So slow, so laggy
Loving it
i cant use voice record..... why is that??
I'm happy about it. ...........
Disappoint me
Good app
Facebook
Good
I love this appl
Bad when you want to chose the right photo  please fix it or I wii report for hamful data.
Nice app
Super app I am so enjoy.....
Cannot get into my Facebook it keeps freezing and says it has stopped working.. How do I go back to old reliable version.. This is the worst update !!!!
Goood
It's a perfect app.
Nobody cares about your top rated feed! Allow us to set our own default as most recent and stop the corporate dictatorship trying to cram advertising down our throats
I swear to God, everytime there's an update to this app, something is always wrong! Can you please just restore it back to its original update when it was much better & faster! Thanks.
Only draw back ..and app is closing if we open the videos..:(
It is very fast nd keeps me updated;connected...i loved it;-)
too. much slow
consumes alot of memory ¡­
Its a good app.
But takes very much storage space....................
Facebook
Bhot mast
IF     IT'S     NOT     BROKEN    DON'T      FIX      RUBBISH   CRAP   NOTHING    NEW   STOP   UPDATING   IT
good but takes more storage than any social app
It's very good
Exelent
this is so amazing,download it now..
mansuri.imran
Force closed :'(

It's fab
Ghanta jaisa app hai
I've noticed people have been complaining about recent news, I agree it is a pain to go to recent, plus it would be awesome if you could add multiple accounts please see to that, the layout is different but I think I like it.
It's better than ever but I wonder why when I click a link on the app version it wants me to log into the webb version. Please look into it.
J
Excellent
amazing

Press this swip here go there push that slide this look and see what you have. There you go it's easy stop moaning
Best facebook apps
Caloka
facebook the great app
hopely more updates will come
This is Best Application on Play Store.. Don't Know about Judging Power of those who Rated it Below 5.. Super Awesome! Eas & Convinient to Use! You Must Try It !!
Excellent
Its all good.  I used it everday :) im contented for this app. Thanks.
When you exit the app, make it where if you re-enter within a short amount of time, you return to where you left off on your live feed. Many times, people will hit back on their browser multiple times when exiting comments, and exit from the app unintentionally. When they return to the app the live feed is refreshed to the newest post, which they've already seen. The utilization of the app and therefore your profit margin is decreased. Fix it bro.
Itsbok
Verey goos app
Like this
There are tons of bugs in this latest update. I'll be reading a thread and the comments show up twice while scrolling down. Then it'll give me parameter errors and such. Also, there are still some older UIs.. but I'm guessing the app just loads that page from the internet, like a tiny built in browser. I like and dislike the new, main UI though. It's simple and clean, but also has a few bugs such as not being able to swipe to a different category at random periods. Please fix these tiny bugs.
not working on my device
Broken video support....
This thig is  superb
For chatting for my family and frirnds
Very nice
Nice
Loved it
I LOVE IT!!!! Great App YO!!!
Nice
Nice.
I Dont like how anyone can call u through Facebook!! Please fix that its so annoying!!
sadaruwen Tgu
Amazing social networking app
yea qmobile facebook doesnt work as new update gee thanks i want to know why is that so
Hi
123456
Fantastic!
I like so much facebook ;;)
Cant open video
Samsung Galaxy S2, Facebook emoticons not showing in every posts.
Very good
Everything else is fine but I can't play video on Xperia Zultra.....  Do you know why??
Please have some themes...
Not good
hhd nj
Dinenesh motwani
This app has come a long way. Now if you'd add the ability to search within groups, then I'd give it 5 stars!
hnnm good
Lot of creepy people have Facebook, u dont know who u are going to meet!! I hate Facebook....and to many fake people
Good
D'bast app ever!
Fine....
I like it most
Good
Your better off with the mobile web version of the site , this beast slows down phones like you wouldn't believe.
Loveee
Ever sence new update it takes to much ram and i cant use it anymore :/ hell i cant even use the messanger ether v.v please fix i use to use them everyday :O
I don't like the new look, I don't find it simple the way I can access most recent
kiraku
Very good
To slow
Watch $read novel for friends
Constant updates, big file size and certain features are lacking when compared to the PC version. It is fairly easy to navigate through and pictures are a good size for viewing though.
Good posting menu.......:D
Errrr,,,
Why did y'all add all these new terms and charges and because people don't read y'all slide it on in there deleting my account today
Gudddfff
Good
5-6 din purani updates show karta h jabki frnds aaj kya Kar rhe vo update nhi milti hai. If you fix this problem, I will give you 5 stars.
by this we can see all images in full screen and upload photoes quickly but it works slowly.Inspite of all I love it much...so if you  are agree,download it now ....thaks.
5 star
Majeed.K.M
This new UI sucks so much. Please go back to the old format. And dear god, please bring back the option to make the main feed "most recent" instead of top stories. I know you can do it in the profile tab but I'd rather it be simpler and more convenient than that. Its called a. news feed, not a what was cool over the past week feed. ***If you read this, you can put Most Recent feed in your favorites so it shows up at the top of the profile tab!***
Nehal agrawal
Video crashes after few seconds of playback -xperia z2
Good
Nice
Didnt for over a year its good now
App is improving in overall. I can see minor additions and changes that seems pretty good. Thumbs up for all those. But still :(
It works just fine
All is well. .......but page's par pahuchane me time jyada lagta he
Nice one
Blocking a person should not be more than 7 days.....why these things happening that a person is being blocked for 30 days
So sweet
Nice app
Excellent!!
Acha ha
P
Great
Too slow<|3
Cool
Awsm
It Good to use It.
I hide posts and they come back. I mark them as uninteresting and they come back.  I unfollow people and their posts are still shown. I mark ads as spam and they are still shown.  This has been going on for months. Please fix!!!
Its not able to update...says not enough memory..but i have 4gb internal memory available...
What else does this application need from me? My whole identity? oh wait it already has it. It needs to respect my personal privacy. Anyone else agree?
I cant see messages or notifactions or my timeline? wtf
Package is Invalid -___-
Good
Videos not downloading
Great job
Why does Facebook need all of our information? About to uninstall.
This is a very very very slow
Help it says trouble loading news feeds!
Very Nice apps. Just fix the Ram Usage it takes too many memory.
japan
It bloated. It runs too many background services. It asks for to many permissions. It can stay in the browser.
Idk why but half the time the app says "not responding". If it didn't do that it would be perfect!!!
You gonna like it or give 5 stars but sometimes it getting slow please fixed it..
Saptco Jeddah
Everytime I try to look at pictures, it will just sit there and load and it never shows up.
Go ahead facebook.....always give us new.
Niceeeeee
Grear app
Not so good. . .
The updated version needs a lot of space! I don't like it! I had to delete a lot of stuff to get the update.
Thi app is good but not a verry good.i give 3*
Live like a king sozsoze
When I share something on my timeline I can't tag friend by "@" in description. It should list my friend name when I press "@" and let me choose. If I write my friend name by myself after "@" it's just a text not a tag.
Samsung S5
I can't see the music which I had added as like in the music profile
oppp
The bestest
I like it
Metal tube company
Yes
It always stucks...newsfeed is not coming properly
No comments
After last update every time I open the app it will load and then automatically close.
Amazing
Devs, PLEASE give us the option to turn off certain activities or certain actions; FOR EXAMPLE I don't want every stinking video &  advertisement that shows up in my feed to auto play as I scroll past it f   I have also had to charge my phone six times since I updated to the new version yesterday.  TURN OFF ALL THE UNNECESSARY CRAP PLEASE- and let us decide what we want to give you access to!!  - sanding galaxy nexus
Dish
Hate the new news feed and can't play any videos!
update
Superb
Good
It is best ilike it so g¨°ood
Walla
Cool
FACEBOOK
It keeps saying processing video and after it's done it repeats it again
There were a lot of issues previously but now this app has grown up good. But still consumes a lot of memory and battery. Please check.
Songs
E
Tamilarasan
I like having mobile facebook but the app gets freaking MASSIVE! It takes all my spare memory on my phone
Time pass
Hashim kizur
Good     Good
Minion
App is getting worse after every update. Can't upload videos. Freezing frequently after last update in moto g. Never expected this from Facebook. Also using huge memory.
That's all I want.  :(
Good
Girl
Thanks
good
I like the older version.
Ek ek hahaha
I Loved it
Very creative work by Facebook
It's so useful that you can be updated easily
Facebook
Most recent is still tucked away, can't reply to comments. Facebook runs better through Chrome. That's a problem.
Only giving this one star. Because I really can't believe that for some silly reason Facebook thinks that people want to see random old status when people click on the app. People want to see the latest status by default not old crap. I take it this is a joke by the app makers.
Refuses to let me watch more than 30s of video. Crashes. Annoying.
But Text not copy first time in slow network image not download and slow work
Fantabulous
very nice sosailmidea
I love facebook
Share photo and video games in the world of a new comment by the world message to the world
Slow in process,does not to provides fresh posts. overall below average
Great !!!
Good
Ok
All good, but V frustrating not being able to use phone browser or gallery to select photos. Inbuilt system combines all photo folders as thumbnails and it's hard to find a single photo
'
I loves facebook so much.
to very easy to handle.and very easy to share the photos and status
Doesnt work as much any more
Takes too much space , slow, this is soo bad
Hmmmmm
this app  is good
Works alright.
Good!
Thanks
Awesome
Could be better
Iowa iitfwiwwii
This app keeps crashing after the update.
Good  job
This sucks I don't need to know what my friends did last year I want to know what is going on now not three days ago.
Like it!!!
I have take it
Liked it
its crashing every time i open plus i can't comment please fix this as soon as possible.
Wonder ful app
Can't set news feed default to most recent? The news feed is probably the most used feature of Facebook. Basic coding required here guys... are the app developers THAT amateur?? This is *still* a well deserved 1 star.
Great app! Love it
Nice
Works great on the go :)
This new version juz drinks my memory... y the hell does it need 40 MB of memory..?? And around 30 MB of cache to cleared every time..
This is the best update ever
Be fine
Its really a great platform to meet ur friend and can express us self
Superb likw
I'm happy to see that now I'm able to upload a photo in comments but... Guys R u crazy...? Why I'm unable to edit or delete my comments in newer version??? Sorry But... Totally worst!
I just found my FB wall posts in my email spam folder!  I did not put them there!  Please fix!
Laptopppa
Everything else is fine it just needs a reply button for comments
It's best software
Fix please... LIKE not fuction... need more than one time to LIKe... please fix this bug...
Ths app is the best and loving how its developing
Google
It uses a lot of memory try to make it light then I would definitely give 5 stars
Nice app
Lovely
Briqsquad
Nice
wow.
I still cant see the most recent posts but im slowly getting used to the way it is.
Could not like posts when I am offline
What purpose is it for the app to have permission to read sms messages...dislike...seems too intrusive to privacy?? Please enlighten.
ilike this app ¨A but is very lent ¨A¨A¨A¨A¨A mejoren eso ¨A¨A¨A¨A¨A¨A¨A
Its the worst app available in Google play...
Very very good
Fuccccccckkkkkkkkkkkk it
takes too much time to download
Pls fix it. Thank you!
memory q entek bro.... kegeden memori sibg kudu dienggo
Now I can talk to all my uncles , aunts and cousins in mexico!!!
Absolutely amazing world
free fb for globe just ended!
usman Adam
keeps on crashing...
magalal soni
Exelenta para conectarte con familiares en Mexico
So this time good
Dont like that every time I restart the app it takes me back to the top and I lose where I was. Also have problems watching videos. Would stop half way or not play at all. Please fix so I can get back to enjoying this app. Tata oh I have a Sony Z1
Is getting better even tough still pretty resource intensive for an app of this kind.
Awesome apps!
I've sent in report after report and nothing ever changes... Going to uninstall and reinstall yet again. If it sill doesn't work I'm uninstalling for good...Why have an app if you're not going to manage it
The app has improved a lot. I like it now.
K
I love it...it is very useful app
It is very slow sometime and also y can't I download videos or image 4m Facebook... It let me do it on my old phone but on my S4 it doesn't... Please fix those problem..
I like it very much!
Social net
Fit
Not a problem
Its almost 20mb download and after installing, its gets to 70mb...please make the app "cholesterol" free...Do some dieting....
This app is sucking right now
Gooooooood
I cannot download videos .. it's not showing the complete action using option .... What's wrong??

i like this app it makes me updated
Needs access to freakin everything..  really wth is that about? And it freezes every ten minutes i have to shut my phone off and bk on again.not impressed
the memory keep increasing.......   105mb....now...
Can get onlin need auto
It has gotten a lot better, thanks Zuck!
It works very good
Facebook
Perfect!!!!
This is my 6th times still i cant download facebook in my new phne
Best app ever
The app gets updates more than I get calls and it is still far from being good. Needs improvement.
Loved it
Best
But the app sometimes takes time to get installed
New changes guys guys made was unnecesssary. Also notifications stops coming randomly.
Soooooio ho8ooo
slow!
This is very nice app I have no problem....
Its slow does not recieves notifications fast...
Facebook is something all teens love! And its more easier to have it on the phone!
Poor
Love it or hate it
Good
The application is good indeed but when you want send a SMS it opens Facebook messenger and suddenly it disappears that makes me mad! I don't know whether happens someone else?
We need some way to be able to copy posts as some contain importany contents that i would like to save, and i have to open my laptop every time to be able to do that!!
Excellent!!!
Good
Great
Great app!!
needs new update ASAP this one is terrible! !! everything is screwed up.
well I don't know who actually does all this stuff with this app but every time they updated it gets worse and worse Facebook leave that s*** alone
Woooow
Lolzzzz
Nice app with social networking
Awsome app ever
Seriously can't go through my news feed. Auto playing videos make it freeze and shut down. My news feed doesn't show me "news" and it doesn't update until the next day, so  see the same posts that I can't view because it crashes when I get to a video. Very annoying and I'd rather use tumblr. At least my dash can show posts in order.
It keeps freezing and shutting down all the the time. I don't see a lot of status's untill like three days later even when i go to the most recent!!! Please fix this!!
No problems
Lovit
Nice app
Still working on it!!! Wish me good luck!!!
Updates have been getting progressively better but the news feed is my biggest gripe. Please change the default back to newest posts. It's annoying to change it back every single time I open the app. And also, I don't care who's tagged in a picture or post. Quit telling me when someone is tagged!  And also, stop showing when multiple people post on someone's page, unless it's a birthday. The news feed is getting MUCH too cluttered.
Why u people cant just fix this fucking app ??? Why is it hard for u people to make this app a bug/error free  ??? If u cant settle down this shit then plz stop bombarding the fucking miserable updates with different yuck errors and bugs.
Awesome
Its alright...
Like it
Goooooooooooooood
Super fast
Nice
It wont let me install it, I have memory, full wifi. Everytime its about to install it says error code -24! Why wont it just instal for once I've tried for about a year now.
I loved having Facebook on my phone but I took it off and now it will download completely but when it says installing it just stops help please.
It's good if someone is on the computer and laptop
Horible
Samsung gallaxy
A great app if used the way it is intended to be used. The best app for a PTSD Patient or a lonely person.
So nice app to join hole World
Good working
nice network
PLEASE make Most Recent as the default timeline for the app!
I cant install it :/
Its awsm !!
Amazing
Change the version plz .. this one is really getting confusing !
Every one have the id nice.
Try
B
Nice
The notification doesn't pop up when recieving a IB. Few minor bugs but all in all I like it. <3
Wow
New update looks weird, but I wouldn't mind it as much if I could still sort my newsfeed by "Most Recent" Will update as soon as it's back!
Good
I can't watch videos on my phone...it will start for like 3 sec then it will pause but the sound is still there but when I exit out my phone freezes
George Gregory
Sweet
Wowww nice app
ok.
I love access on my phone but every time a change is made I have to uninstall n reinstall it!
Nice
Nice app
Nice app man! Really loved it
Ight
Semm
Its cool or whatever
Please help me the application is not updating in my phone.
Thanks Facebook
Best App Ever
Jast changala apps nahi fast sarvice nahi
nice application <3 but sometimes faster and sometimes slow if we need to update it. :)
Superb new version is awsome.really loved it.
I can't hit like or watch any videos
Chat is still keeping the chats open after I close them. And now the contacts folder is gone.
Login cannot be done easily
Easy access
Nice
I Like this updated one Facebook. It's COOOL
Very hated it
Najmul islam shaikh
Niceeee
Nice awesome
This app in running slow in my micromax a40....
Not good enough
You get a notification (notification led flashing) when someone post.
Excelliant
App closes when i click the video plz fix this
Please fix the video playback it keep having error occurred!!!!
P
Supet
Fadu
Facebook
Its an excellent job for all. Y do people always coms up with thier impossibilites and difficulties   ....if dont see wat u expecting ,y do you want to waste your time...but stop discouraging peoples. They trying their level best.
Seem to be good
Excellent
Nice apppp
It was automatically closing when I'm chatting or messaging someone. Please fix it.
Nothings new
Takes up to much space and kills battery.
Its woow
don't get me wrong Facebook is a grate app but the update sucks it's giving me too much problem you guys need to fix it 
brst app
Good
Good
I need to experience the great quality social network service by Facebook Inc.
DSD Official
Why is it using up sooo much memory? It's just crashes all the time. Un-installed.
Good enough for what I use it for!
can.t receive rush notification.
Finally! A solid Facebook app for Android!!
Who doesn't have Facebook??
Best
i like verry much
It's kind of perfect but nt really that because there is always room for improvement.
nice
Ok
Each time we are told fb needs to be updated it gets worse! I wasn't going to update anymore but my fb was not working well so I figured I try update to see if that helped. omg!!..this update is horrible!  Its freezing so bad nothing loads.. its practically unusable! Can't even comment on friends posts without freezing! This is it for me..not updating again unless I see good reviews! I gave it 2 stars only because I generally enjoy fb..or did prior to this update!
Nice
Please fix video issue which fails a number of times before it could be played actually...
I want to see recent posts again. I feel like I'm stuck in the past while scrolling through my newsfeed..
The app is supposed to take up less than 25mb of space. My phone says it takes up 75mb after these last couple updates. Facebook needs to fix this immediately! Like now! Updating on my phone just got harder because of one app. Please fix!
I cant delete comments from mobile. I have to use pc for the same ? I cant even change or add custom users who can see my post ?
Its nice to have to find your friends and family on
it hangs my phone.  Most of the time when I'm using this app it always not responding -.-"
So I'm totally happy that I can now move the app to SD card... BUTTTTTT it's STILL taking up the majority of my internal memory as well! I can't even download a song!!! :( And I also don't like the fact that my news feed doesn't show Most Recent when I open the app everyday! I shouldn't see posts from 5 Days ago that I've already seen, I want to see what's happening NOW. If I wanna see 5 days ago, I'll go back 5 days! Please make FB app SMALLER & fix it where Most Recent shows 1st & I'll give back 5 stars!
I like the app but when im on facebook it freezes and force close or report problem always pop up and  report it but it still manages to pop up. If you fix the bug ill rate 5 stars.
I gave 4 star only because when i click share or like it close ..   Im using xperia play
Insufficient storage
Ok
It would be better if the app could be installed in the SD... This is a bad app..
An upgrade is needed. It should bro updated. Just like it Is in other devices
Loved it
Goshh ! iLike This ! No More Words To Say !
Wah ji wah
Got no doubt on this. Other then the miner things
So nice...!!!
I love fb  dawload
It takes up too much memory and It occupies alot of space. But if you can transfer the data to the SD card That would be great.
Wait until you get in.
I can't scroll down as it is lagging. When I scroll down it hanging there like having crash or system corrupted. Please fix that. I reinstall again still in same condition.
Not user friendly to many settings.
Can't sort by recent activity anymore like in previous version. Why take away something everyone wants?
I guess Keyes syncing:C
Great
You Can easily catch up with friends and family.
CDs CDs Hui
Not nic at all my phone geys hang
Does not work crashes without loading don't bother with it.
You need to show videos on the album
This is nothing good work at this
Facebook on Android is very user friendly, handy and cheap application, even for the novice.....
Beat ya!!
Love itt^-^
.it always force close..plzzzz fix this
FACEBOOK
Like this
I think its Phone Compatibility issue Facebook works fine on my fone 4.2.2 quadcore, but the others have issue .. please check it developers, other than that 5 stars .. great job 
Nice App
Since the update ive had to log in and put a few times a day. As well as newsfeed, messages, and notifications will not refresh. Going to uninstall and reinstall now.
.i dont know if you even read our comments.this application uses TOO MUCH space in my phone almost everyday its updating and that causes this app to get larger every time you update.but nothing seemed to be changing please fix this
Update sucks. I dont like it. It freezes up alot now. Takes forever to load.
Great user experience however its a resource hog.
Good to have and. Your phone
Umardar786
This aplication is to heavy for old android.. (ginggerbread)
I deleted this app off my tablet because it is taking up so much memory and now that I have deleted the app it won't let me download this app please try and do something about it....
Nice app
No matter how many refreshes, pics and vids don't load...
C'mon M. SUCKyberg!!! HIRE someone "COMPETENT" to actually FIX this HORRIBLE APP!!! * SOME THINGS NEVER CHANGE!!   ((SO MANY updates later & it STILL SUCKS!!))  ¡ïNEEDS the ability to SORT NEWSFEED to  MOST RECENT!!!! ¡ï                 & It absolutely NEEDS the ability to CUT, COPY & PASTE!!  (It would make it A LOT EASIER to SHARE TEXT  with the CUT/COPY/PASTE FEATURE!!!)  ----        & WHY can't u make it WORK "well",  ... like it does on I-PHONE.*
Dilli
Pues Si No Pasara que Se queda Frizado Seria Diferente & No Se Cerrara La App Ella Sola, Le Diera Mas Estrellas Pero Le Falta Mucho :(
Good
Good thing this is available on android. :D
Very good app. & useful to all.
It's ok. I like being able to quickly mute notifications.
Awesome.... <3
You finally added the option to choose most recent as the default news feed in the app...then you remove it and make you have to click over to the right to even see most recent...really? Bring it back.
Pathetic update..not updating news feed...showing 2 days old update ....showing notification but there isnt any unread one...i have proper Internet access...
"Trouble loading, tap to retry" on nearly every background option now, can't view my own friends list, account settings or anything without getting that message.
This App Sucks. Period.
It was very pity
Great!!
it crashes always based on the latest update
Sangat jelek :/
It says "Facebook could not be downloaded due to an error. (498)"
Lovee
K
I'm having trouble logging in, also its not responding
Its only a few days after the same day that circle is better
Why we need to uninstall other app. ? I allready uninstall my app but stil my phone storage space is getting low. What should i do ?? I liked this app so much but i think i need to uninstall this fb app. :(  too bad. Hate this !!!!
I'm satisfied with this great app just one thing m not happy with its takes too much space on my phone other wise great but sometimes it crashes and quits messenger
Cool app for phone ur know
It's ok
Well...
Ollolololol
Excelent
I hate this app. I'd rather just use my browser and ebuddy
Excellent
I got frustrated while using this app. This new version is so annoying. When I updated it,my anger knew no bound. This update makes it worthless nd it's going to be extinct. It hangs my phone and take too much memory nd time for all set up hate this app I often use UC browser to log in cause UC is far better than this .....@ZEE
Good app you can download it
Facebook
Add selection status and download videos
Suddenly disappear from the hp n reinstall still same problem and getting more worst everything upgarde
Very slow
Loading slow on Sensation XE
Im in love with it
Love love mmwaaaah
Good app cx
It's been a long way for this app. I'd say it has improved a lot... Nothing to complaint here...
I cannot update mine I don't know why when I buy this tablet the facebook was there then I try to uninstall so I can get the new version  but I can't. .
When i access "most recent", it goes to the timeline but not posts are not updated. The posts aren't actually the latest posts and not updated.
If i could give negative starts i would! This app took an hour to download!!! Now it won't even open it completely freezes my phone!!! RIDICULOUS!!!!
Mahol
Its good one which have lot of options  similar first invented one is orkut, i have fully carryover to face book now
Cool
Its good
My Phone's Internal Storage is getting low because of this Facebook. This app is using too much Data. Fix Please!!
I can't able to see who are in online
Singh
Dumb
yg  m
Nice1
Stupid
Old version
Crap
WHY ISNT IT SYNCING WITH THE PHONE CONTACTS ANYMORE?!!
Nice but...please Give an option from which we can use stickers in comment box..please...if ..it gives this option ill give 5 stars
GOMATHI
This facebook app is soooo awesome. .
excellent
This app slows my phone down drastically..... And crashes CONSTANTLY!!  At LEAST 10 times a day I get "Facebook isn't responding."  Seriously???
Musta nak
I love this app but it doesn't show as much information as I'd like.
It's A Good aplication ;p
I hate having to keep on going and changing my timeline back to recent. Fix it
Need to be more efficient
Best social app ever love it
Wont Let Me Updated
Lag when scrolling.
Amazing
Lupet
Remove the last update its horrible can't chose most recent always top stories  This needs to be fixed I can't get consistent updates put it back.
Thank you
Muy lento, no cargan las fotos ni el inicio completo.
Super
Please make it to where people on my friend list can't share my pics. What is the point of privacy settings.
LeoBaby
Please fix this. I have always liked FB until now. I would give 5 stars if it didn't force close on me every minute.
yeah.
Nice improvement
Sweet
I wish Facebook can download in my cellphone
Very good
Meow
Connect with friends and family instantly! Provides amazing features and much more!
Now i can play facebook without searching in google!!!
Blocks
Every since I updated the app, its has not been working. It will freeze up when I try scrolling down my news feed. And is very slow. Please fix if possible.
Very good aap
Excelent
Its not working on my phone and i think it needa update
Very very bad app takes after updates this app is now just like just no I dont want it more takes too much ram in most of phones even they have 1gb ram
It wont let me post youtube vids 2my profile:@
Mnila
Very good
Always crashes
Good
Takes up way to much space than quits on me
Thanks
V.Gooooood
I dunno what i wanna say, but this app is 5 STARS
Sultan
Kishor
607407
Keep receiving game invite notifications, despite setting set to off.
This is a BAD update! I still can't see any pictures in newsfeed! 8/26/13 Pictures are gone again! Come ON, Facebook!!! 9/11/13 Pictures gone again in newsfeed. Had to uninstall/ reinstall AGAIN!!!
Does not let me erase my old  workplaces.
this app is exellent
Nice...
Its okay
Good
Hate it?????
I im you
I cant install.   Y?
Loove it
I lik
Google Nexus S
i cant load the other feeds
Facebook should be embarrassed by how poorly they android app performs. Ridiculously slow. honestly guys, its not that hard.
Iloveit i can't live without it
Nice
this the best app u did fine jo guys i love ur work
Now I have no notifications from fb at all and it takes several minutes to send even one msg in my inbox!! Fix this please!!
gud
Every time you click on a link that opens in a browser and then go back to facebook, rather than go back to that point in your feed where you clicked the link, it refreshes your feed putting you back at the top. Not to mention there is no longer an option to see most recent posts; I don't want to see a post from a week or more ago,  I want to see what's happened recently. I also could care less if someone commented on someone else's post I don't know. It takes up so much active memory too. Garbage app.
good  work
Facebook
Force closing -___-
I've noticed that many t mobile and metro users around my area are having issues with the app keeps crashing or wont load please fix fast
Why won't my news feed load recent things? I keep reading the same statuses, seeing the same picture, and watching the same videos over and over no matter how many times I refresh the page. Fix this issue please!!
the new facebook update takes up so much memory that it is crashing or taking forever to open up on my smartphones and tablet (droid and samsung galaxy tab) I get so frustrated I just close it, or don't even try to open it,. it's sucking so much memory from my devices that it's making other apps hard to open too.  please fix this!
Good app for android,iPhone,apple.
GOD is very powerfull
Takes sooo much memory and constantly says 'insufficient storage'. I've tried to update this version 10+ times, also after streamlining my apps by uninstalling, for more memory, it still won't install. The version before this would crash all the time.
Fix please :3 xx
Great
but consumes a lot of RAM. Please optimize memory usage.
I like the app, but pulling away from it. You just can't beat living in the real reality, socializing face to face. Technology is just making us less of what it is to be human, lazy, and too dependent on something that can easily fail.
Great
Awesome
I like it too mch..
Take up 2 much phone space.dont like the new layout..dont like that other people can see wen u comment on a post..too much updates and no improvement.like the old facebook better!!!
YEahh
Excellent
No limit
Make it fast the internet of facebook.so slow to upload
Facebook is best messanger.
It keeps saying Unknown Error..
I wish it would stop making me update all the time
Superb
Having a hard time to upload multiple pics. Is it the connection or wtvr .
Face book is great
I remember when this first came out for Android. It was crap, the the next couple updates made it even worse. Now, is actually usable. They listened to the users kinda.
It is easy to chat.
It's cool and fun for almost everything and everything
Easy to communication
I dont this app anymore.  Bloddy bullshit
:)
It fits...
This app crashes upon opening. The messenger app works well and I'm able to use facebook client apps like Spatio or through a browser like Chrome.   Specs: Redmi Note: Android 4.2.2 JDQ39, MIUI-JHDCNBE23.0.  EDIT:  The latest update of the app now works on my Redmi  Note, Miui-JHDCNBE25.0.
....On the market,... I thought," finally got it to work", but oh no!!! Facebook invades my other stuff on my device and  ruins my day, instead of enjoying using my phone I have to work at getting all my photos, and anything else that FB has f***** up! I am worn out trying to fix this train wreck, FB  F*** FEST!
Horrors are sexy
I absolutely positively hate the new look on Facebook why did u change it plzz put it back to the normal version why are u doing so much updates that doesnt make any sense sorry there wasnt a 0 rating... u dont even deserve a 1 star... my friends and family definitely does not need to see what ive liked also
a poorly optimized app . Come on man. To install the update i had to uninstall it and reinstall it? legit as hell. I love facebook, its the only one of its kind. Please please fix it.
Love it like hell
Too slow.. stop update no help !!
Awesome
These last updates have done a lot for the app. Like this app when it runs smoothly and allows my phone to run smoothly. Its a great way to keep in touch  with those people we can't always talk to.
I get to talk to people
that dude looks like ryan gosling
It's still Spyware.
I can't use my facebook application when the time comes that my phone got shutdown. It says I can't connect to the wi-fi even if there it is. So I have to restore my phone again and again. Please do some remedy to fix facebook application.
I can't delete my wall post or any1 posted on my tymline. App provider should also develops this feature like dis 2 delete wall post The pop up notifications of commnts, shared photo, pokes, msgs, etc are nt give proper responses... Good not better
won't post status
full time mommy&my husband ramil cana..ilove you,,, imiss you so much!!!!
Not much else to say. Updates suck. They get a good one an boom go an update again. Good job fb
No description needed! Its an amazing app! Download ASAP
Duhhh
Love it
Very nice link app
Full entertanner fully dobul mining talk
FREEZES , FREEZES FREEZES!!!!!!!!       When sharing. It freezes. Liked it better before update. Also can't save pic on Facebook since update. !!!!!!!!!HTC sensation/Also, with new update, you can't even delete post!!!! Suxs, Suxs Suxs. Get act together!!!wouldn't rate a 1 if I didn't have to.  Merry frinkin Xmas.Also CAN'T Take screen shots anymore..........GGGggggggrrrrrrrrrr slow freezes.  I uninstalled updates. Get your act together facebook!
videos dont want to play please fix.

I love love love itttt
Super
Love it
If you are a facebook user this app is a must have for your mobile device especially when you're on the go.
Superb
Love it
New UI is very bad¡­
I can't post or get new news feed.
Takes a lot of my memory and is slow
Very cool..it looks like computer fb timeline....& it's very fast...

Since the last couple updates, when scrolling down, it freezes when it comes to a video post and I have to wait a minute before I can continue to scroll. It's very annoying!!!!
Good (-:
Buggggs after the latest update. Please fix this and I'll give you 5stars.
Updated keeps sending me to play store fix it and ill give more stars
It literally shut my phone down
Uses way too much memory to even use.
Es bueno pero me lo an bloquiado no s¨¦ porque

Sadiya
Sometimes log
love it, soo much easier to access fb.
Bhartiyan
Because I need using the face chat in this app! You have to improve it.
What happened to the option to view most recent posts???
Dont work on galaxy spica
Super
I can't do anything now update sucks
Well title says everything It'sdamn slow and always having problems with uploading&pictures Can't cut & paste Got worse after updating
Whats the point of letting me install this of as soon as i open the app its going to tell me i need to make more space for it?! This app takes up twice the memory it says it does, no matter how much i delete my own media it doesnt work
I need the option to sort the news feed
Facebook always good. Bt ths ap wont download for me
Most recent crash story, crashed 4x's in a row. Phones new, with plenty of memory.
Sering bgd force close
The app is faster and all images load fastervthan before!!!
I can comment once on a post and after that the story can't be found??? Why do you keep messing with something that works
Ok
I've just connected with my very special friends in West Virginia. Facebook you made it happen. Thank You.
Can't even download your app now that you updated
Super
Terrible - after my update today,  I can't see any of my pics, really? Wtf!
Amazing
Crashes
V r y s l o w .... n chat not working data connect error evn its connected f********* crap dont deserve 1*also:-(( i urge to give 1 star only
This apps in lovly
It is still pretty sluggish.
Nice
They did not fix it until now... wonder what are they doing? I felt uncomfortable everytime i click the video link in picture comment page (popup). The link is not working.. th video link was not linked properly... so i had to copy and paste manually to the browser.... please fix this.
Thanks
Awsum app I hav ever used
Very nice
I can found all of my friends....
Super slow to load photos. Even in 4G.
Great...but sometimes error loading
<3
Poorly designed app.  Make it so we can have all new stories all the time.
So far so good...
My phone is slow when i open tha app
Genial
Hoping that we can move it to Sd card for Jb users cause it takes up too much space in our internal memory , for about 200mb ? what ?
A much better app then the other app! Love it!!!!!!
1. Can't select photos from Android file system unless I go to mobile page.  2. Unfollowing a post should be like in mobile (the newer feature is there but doesn't work.) 3. Would like copy and paste after posting.  4. Can't expand or edit Notes. 6.  No GIfs, no photo or video editing, no auto awesome features, very restrictive policies, feature set can't compete w/Google+. 7.  This app gives me a potential malicious warning to my own website.  Never see the warning anywhere else = bad coding.
This ver. Verrrry SlOw
Facebook app on my phone is soooo slow! I can't even enjoy. Please fix my problem! It's annoying for me everytime I open my Facebook account!!! :/
coooooool
You really need to make it easier to upgrade your phone with a new telephone number
This app should allow us to pick photos from different gallerys,not showing every photo we have downloaded in one screen
Idk why people are complaining in the reviews.
BLU
"Turn Off Notification" not working. Decreasing my stars until resolved.
:)
I like this app!!!

LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL
I still get posts from yesterday as being most recent. Do you listen at all!!!???? Stop deciding for me what I want to see!!!!!
Nice app
This is the ultimate app
This is #%&$#&
This is a little better than twitter and instagram combined
O.k.
Nice application
Awesome
It installs in may be 5-6 days
Nave en Batra
Kuwait
Way too many updates. Three a week.
Cant load
i cant download it ..its bad ..
Lot of force closes after the latest update ...

Pau ludhiana
It's great.
Better
Won't let me share videos or photos. LG Optimus
love it
Supahh nicee

Good
To be able to change theme colour of Facebook in next update...:)
Yes
Very nice
Better than any other social network out there
Pish on tablet
Goood
Good app
Why does Facebook need to spy on me using my phones microphone and front and rear facing cameras????
Whatever the last update was, ruined the app. Pictures and videos load slow,  ther feed is bogged down with junk and updates are not as quick with new posts or responsiveness.  If it ain't broke don't fix it.  Facebook makes too many changes!
Want to set custom for the future post... like PC
motivation
even i moved it in my sd its use the same memory into internal memory... please bring back the old one if u can't fix it....
Love your application
the best!
Good
It's sucks!! Never downloaded!
good
I love thus app
I can't better
Keeps force closing
I like the app but how come there's no save picture option for the htc one? It's frustrating! Gahhhhh! :(
Why don't the developer's listen. I know why there driven by money.
Sucks freeses evrytime
Not showing any type of pics on samsung galaxy
Like the other user always not enough storage it suck
K b
Facebook

I have added a security lock on Facebook messenger so whenever i open messenger it asks password and now Facebook for Android doesn't open direct chat heads instead of it opens messenger first even when i click on names , in messages or anywhere to chat ...due to this every time i have to enter password to open chat head,it's frustrating,timewasting.Plz fix it so that i can open chat heads directly.Plz provide to open more than one account at a time,video download mode,copy-paste and to translate text .....
The app works well enough for me...  But people get updates and are able to use those emoticons you can use via Messenger but I haven't gotten an update where I can, like updates take several days to come.and besides few minor changes like an F in the Top Left corner nothing really new
No longer freezing or force closing.could be faster but overall good Improvements!!
Nice and.good
the wrst app smetng r the oder hppns whn  i go to dwnld it.evrytym its de same thing occurng ufff i just hate it
Hy
Social media
Superb
We all secretly hate u FB
I keep getting an error 190 if I log out I have to uninstall and reinstall or I get an error message and its not my phone took it to carrier and did a master reset.changed password did everything I could think of and nothing. And can't get a hold of Facebook AT ALL VERY DISAPPOINTED!!!!!!
good
Takes up way to much space.
Pavansingh
Great
Yet be seen?
Good
Memory full :(
For my sgy it eats all the memory it is very annoying. And it is lag. :3
This crap crashes and then won't let me open the app....its happened 3 times and everytime I have to uninstall and then reinstall for it to work again!!!wtf???
make it so that we can choose most Resent when the app is open and fix it so it don't drain so much batter it uses 50% of my battery
Piece of crap.  Every update gets worse not better
Ini baru aplikasi
WTF ... This app. Every day made update!!! And nothing happened -_-
Great app
Wasup
It so fast...
I did not rate this app but it says I gave it a Five star review? Nice try FB
Like
Just need to see recent post instead of the old ones..plzz fix it
Hasif
Nice
They have  gone from licorish to small bite size  candy
Great app
Awesome
It automatically closes out when I try to talk to someone.
ALWAYS HANG AND HANG AND HANG I CAN'T CONTROL THE DEVICE BECAUSE OF THIS FACEBOOK! UGH! "UNINSTALLING" I'M USING WEB FOR NOW ! NOT THIS CRAPP APP!
Yay
Face book is so awesome I like it because you can stay in touch with family and friends
Install says is less than 10 mb then installs and you go to log in and the install jumps to 32 mb what the hell is up with this my phone cannot hold the app after it balloons why the hell does it need almost 40 mb EXPLAIN!!!!!!
Like this
I need to sort Newsfeed ... There's noooo options for that .. :/
Can't even download the updated version. It takes forever to download and then it will say an error occurred! Frustrating! Also, I don't want to see stuff from a week ago on my feed. Needs improvement for sure! Maybe the update is better but hey, I wouldn't know because I can't load it! It now constantly closes out on me
Social
What happened to the time on fb !!! It writes "just now" of any post even it was 2 days ago ... gonna add one more star if u add a dislike button.. I don't want to know what people did 2days ago ... I hate last update
Good2
I like the Facebook app as much as the next person, but it's just plain horrible when it comes to data consumption! Really, this kind of app is better on a tablet than a smartphone.
Boss
Does not load most recent post. Keep getting error on loading new posts. The update ruined the app from working correctly
Slow closes terrible terrible
Why wanna always update?
Nice app..but it takes lots of memory of my phone..
bianGurl
Like
It says Facebook status are currently not available
I want to save pictures on my sd card from facebook please fix it
Love my stuff this is awsoome
It doesn't work for my HTC sensation. it forces to stop.
Great apps...
Happy easy going honest person out spoken person.
Ahm
Good
Wtf !
I'm on Galaxy s4, I don't have any problems what so ever!  10 star to me!
Loads super slow!!
Fast
Good
Keeps crashing half the time and would not let me update?
good
it
Awesome!!!!!!
Keeps getting worse
Sharell malone
I can communicate with far away family and friends yayyyy !!!'
Who are you abdurehman khan..... Where frm u
Thanks
Not working
Why can't I see most recent. That was stupid to take away that option.
Ok
i totally love this app, you can share videos,photos and your thoughts . love it love it
Like
Nice
its not bad
Gud
Lovejdhusjdji
Mic access lame
Uses t too much memory
Yummy
Best apppl
Balajirathod
It keeps freezing because of the auto play on the videos
Constant errors, cant see news feed, cant access my own profile, cant get notifications
A place where you can find something else. The only one that is what you want to live with
Its ok
Won't let me watch videos now!!!
Thnks developers..
I am tired of all the videos playing automatically, nothing loads anymore. I want to pick and choose what I watch, if someone chooses to post a video of something inappropriate I don't want me kids seeing those. I can't Evansville down through posts. Get your carp together facebook, i'm losing interest
Easy to use love it
Fast ...n now i can save photo from post comment > android 4.2.2
After I reformat my phone I can't even install this now, it always says not enough memory to install. pls fix this
La verdad estaba mejorando, pero ahora se a vuelto una idiotes que cansa, tarda para cargar, la seccion de noticias se traba, y cuando quiero etiquetar a mis amigos, simplemente no me aparecen, como si no los tuviera agregados!
It's good very
I updated my facebook app recently and now I can't open it anymore!
Its browsing speed is very slow and it got stuck .. fix this will give u 5 stars
Uninstall the app and improve your phone's battery life substantially.
fine
100N BAVA
Nice... :-)

Jhungvi
Love facebook
Superb keep it update
Unable to consistently upload photos. Feed is jacked, posting stuff out on sequence.  Slow on refreshing.  Worked great before you decided to put you hamsters on furlough.  FIX FIX FIX
Hreat
Facebook is a very good app
I am using the old version that works properly and notifies me of MOST RECENT events. Stop telling me to update to the new version that everyone is complaining about!
Facebook
Love it
Android
Fix your bugs but it's way better then last time
I dont use it often but my gf does and its a great way to find old friends and keep in touch with family.
because i got love of my lifr thru facebook
Addictive
E.mail.mdhesigan@gmail.com  Good  facebook +919036534742
Facebook App
Amen Pastor Claire Gidding Brown.
Farakwai
Yes
Best facebook app ever! Lol
Its pretty cool although why do we always have to update like every month ... although its GrEaT
Not to bad
Could improve in people you might know and people comments are not in chronological order
I would rather use the normal browser application than use the Facebook application. The app is just to limited. It also takes up far to much of main app storage space and will allow moving to added sdcard.
You know.
I love it but I need to be able to copy from it.
Its ok but its always playing up on me though
Holy crap man,  must delete this ASAP my poor battery
Its very awsome
why official facebook android application is not available outside th US?
55302036

I just got a replacement phone so I'll give a good rating until something happens
I don t commant G
Amazing
Great
Butterfly Developments Lancaster Limited
Good
Cooool
I have a problem with video when I open it to watch at this moment it's stopping without any report about that, and it show me a massage I don't remember what they wrote in it but it is telling me cannot complete playing... Please solution that the problem.
5 stars
I love Facebook use
I like vit but it has alot of bugs and alot of things dont send plus sometimes the app closes for no reason and when I type big messages like 60% dont send and I dont know where they went
Hated it
Awesome
Aan mamah ayu
It is ridiculous. The new update makes my phone lag so much I'm seriously considering an uninstall of the program.
Game invite after Game invite...I hate social media -_-
Still would like to see the ability to create events and manage them on mobile
Keeps failing
For whatever reason, the application has stopped working on my phone completely...
like
C
Hate it doesn't shows the most recent posts from start
I don't see what the use of the hashtag if it is not work like in Twitter another thing there is no translation for post speaking about the phone app, there should be dislike coz it should be one of Facebook preferences
Best app
Firstly why is this so invasive needing to accesive messages, photos, phonebook etc? Second at 23 point something MB it's impossible to run anything else along side it because the file is so big. Absolutely useless. Cannot have it on my phone anymore.
Why am I seeing my news feed in a totally random order?????? I hate it. I don't want to see a picture from two days ago a video from a minute ago and a status update from three hours ago!!!!! I'm a most recent kind of girl myself. Please change this it's incredibly annoying.
Great
Its an alright app for a quick sneak peak of Facebook if your busy at work or school. With the click of a button and entry of my password, I'm in. I don't have to type in my email address every time I want to check my Facebook and its easier then dealing with the internet. Quit complaining and be happy you can communicate with family and friends with one click into this Facebook app.
Takes a huge memory.
Very very very bad
Vehry good
On facebook it plays Youtube and Uploaded videos very well. But it does not play most videos from Non-Youtube.
I try to look at a video and bam it goes black try to fix it & I only see yesterdays post.
I cannot open the videos on my newsfeed. It says cannot open video. Please fix it or help me out. Thanks!(:
I am not giving 5 star because the app is using lots of space...when I clear data from the settings the app size becomes 22mb and after 5mins it automatically occupies 88 mb although I am not using Facebook at that time
Takes up to much room... Shows its suppose to be 19.8 mb and it turns out to be over 115mb.. Why so much ?
Best...
The app functions as intended on my Note 3, but on devices with less than one gig of ram it will probably lag a bit. Some features have moved but otherwise, it's just the Facebook app as usual.
Keeps freezing when tryin to open
Hari bol
Nice verry nice
Wow.
Face Book Mobile Is The Best .
Wow
Excellent

No words to day
Like
nice app i love it thnxxx ;)
Good
Its ok
Since some update weeks ago recent feed changed to annoying place. And yes - it's not many clicks but I don't want to do it everytime! Until you give that as default possibility the app is totally useless - shouldn't be hard since it was already there earlier?
When i open this app then my phn switch off automatically. . Very bad app. . Plz fix it
Not bad
Everyday update but nothing improving...  I need help!
nice real nice
Facebook is getting better...
Love this !
Thurman trice
Couldn't post statuses, probably a couple other things but I didn't check. Just uninstalled the updates.
No need to open 
Excellent!!!!
Takes more of phone memory
It`s awesome! No more comments for this. Absolutley winner. ^__^
Linking
Svi koji su dali jednu zvezdicu! Boze! Pa ovoje odlicno! Pokusajte da instalirate ponovo! Sve u svemu bolje nego bilo koja aplikacija
Great
its a fab app !!!
Great
much much better, faster and upload pictures faster :)
Gautam thapa
Problem is it always crashes and slows my phone when i close out of it. Now experiencing where I can't view more recent news feed and messes with my contacts
This app is vary awesome
Balaji
Cannot upgrade
Just Good.
Nice
Sekemi
Well I get this and it won't let me log in into my Facebook this is the worst if u just go on browser u can et onto Facebook instead of getting a retarted app so listen to me I am a app creator and this app is not for u
Crashes a lot since yesterday! Please fix this.
You would think a fairly simple app would take less space. If /FB really needs to use a tenth of my original memory,, At least it should work, yeah? Slow, crashes, lags, glitches, then crashes again. Fails to notify me when I get messages/ notifications.
I want to be able to set most recent as my default.  And the new update is a major battery drain :(
Not works properly
hi my name is larry thomas i work for facebook i just wanted to let our fans knoe that theirs a new update coming up july 24 the new update will alow you to change and design your facebook on computer and as will as cell phones  and tablets  all new colors and backgrounds will be on the update..
See f and f updates
Awesome
Facebook
It cant run in background error in download its better to use other apps
Good app but my phone dsnt update it..
Need toh fix lots of bugs  ..
Taklif to rehvani j
I don't like the update
fb's really interestin..!! jst hope it bringns more funn in sharin by additin tools etc..!
Most of the time videos stop in the middle please check this issue for sony Xperia Z2
Facebook has alowed me to do a lot of impotant and socil things

Could b better
Make good my facebook plZ
Gud app
It is so efficient it works all the time
Waooo na
Very Good but takes more memory
The best app ever made thanks to you guys i could find members of my family that only knew in pic.    makes me very happy  my best wishes for you and your Facebook team God bless you all   :)
The videos people post automatically play and freeze my devices... When I go to post it says it posted and it doesn't
myphone
Its freezes up way too much and it forces itself closed! Its frustrating! :(
I no longer get my notification messages through my phone. Please fix
All it does is freeze or crash sucks!! Hate it!! Fix it asap!!
Good
I love the new look and it's been working well!! One comment to everyone complaining of the MB size.. all the posts, pictures, and profiles in the app adds to the size. That's how it can go from 7mb to 40mb...
App is really slow to load and it stops working at all randomly.

Its amazing app ! And also removed our bore time and I feel m wid my frndddddsss and done lots fun aid sharing so moment
It keeps freezing! Only started happening after so many 'up-dates' and now it takes hours before I cab even get to scroll! I'm so tempted to just uninstall! Get it together fb my bank app runs better then this!
Cant install it on xperia ray
simply Osum , i luv it and i would suggest all to must download... it is vry useful
Better but still takes up too much memory for this.
use it for a couple hours and app data suddenly rises upto 40 mb. waste of space.freezes a lot, takes time to load, takes lifelong to load fotos, waste of time.
I see heavy down-scrolling makes memory usage significantly higher. I'll force-close it later or sign out to reduce memory usage. (some services still running in background)
New update wont load posts.. Uninstalling it!!! >:(
Make it large..
The new update facebook will know wut u said and typed
Sucks I am not following some of my friends but yet I am stilly receiving their notifications please help
Like
Love THis!
Very nice
Airtel
Hidden objects
Use it everyday. Phone keep rejecting the upgrade. Now will not even open ugh annoying.
Okay
When I'm scrolling past videos in my feed, it makes the app run slower. It freezes it and makes it glitchy. I love checking Facebook for new photos and statuses, but now I dread it. This has only happened with the past two updates; never before now. My phone is not old either. Please fix.
Not user friendly, uses up alot of battery power where normally my % on my battery is clocked at 23.45 minutes per % and when I had Facebook's app installed it brought it down to 8.13 minutes per % and I mean by per % as in my battery count. So please improve on this thank you
Crashes all the time useless
:)
Can't view full video...can't scroll past six post and it shuts off by it self
Titel says every thng
japse
The call feature is not working in the new version earlier it used to work properly. Even though person is online the call option is not highlighting. Correct this feature so it will be 5 star app.
Yeah man :)
For removing the unnecessary permissions!
Excellent
tai hinh lau vay
One of the worst battery hogging app
Unstable application. Too many upgrades without any change. Now access to facebook and will not let the pictures. Terrible!!!
i cant log out >_<
Join na
509482775
I am tired of seeing old post from days ago. I want the most recent default back!!
super

I like
Too much laggy after the update :/
Consumes a lot of data and battery! However a great app for viewing fb
*Full time pass and masti*
Xperia S.
Can u create smaller for other smaller smart phone???
yup best idea ever cause you know
Nice
Love it
like
Tamil don't accept so this west
the facebook very best app for android and fot best chat for friends
Why the download is not completing
Cannot install it coz my phone has less than 1gb of RAM
Keeps giving me error processcom.facebook.katana .... At least 5 times a day! doing my head in! :-(  never had this problem before I updated the app. Please fix!!
Amazing
Way too slow to load, Newsfeeds are very non functional, the list goes on and on.  Its amazing how such a widely used app is so crappy.  Fail as usual!
Live life with fb
Omg how do I stop the videos from loading in my news feed.  It locks my whole phone up for 10 secs until video is completely loaded.  Very aggravating beings every other post is a video.
Great App!
Takes up way too much space for a start. Too many updates with no improvements. Also when someone mentions you in a comment, it should take you to ths comment..shouldnt have to scroll through 70 comments to find out what someone has said to you in page photos.
This application now is a memory hog, much worse than before, especially if videos are played. Everything goes to the internal memory, rather than the SD card.
It's the greatest update for this application
Works good if you have serves
workjustfine...
App slow on my phone the police can do better than this!
For some reason, it won't let me use Facebook through mobile connection. I have to use wifi.
Awesome
Very very slow :(
Nabeel
AND it TAKES more MEMORY
Goood..
To much low connection
The new update sucks dick
The new UI is bizarre.  The app runs extremely slowly.  My newsfeed has changed.  Not a happy user.
Loved it
not getting any....
You removed the option to see the most RECENT posts. Now I am stuck looking at the so-called top stories which by the way are not top stories to me. Either put back to option or make it to where you see recent Posts by default
The book
Very slow.
Dawg
Works great.
So for some reason it wouldn't let me play any videos,  so I came to see if any updates had been made but it already been updated so I uninstalled and tried to install it again now its saying insufficient storage so I guess im not gonna have the app unfortunately
Good
Tired of most recent not the default news feed, clicking notifications sometimes taking you to the right place, the ever growing memory hog that is this app. Then went to permissions and saw it says facebook has access to my calendar and can send guests emails without owner's knowledge.  DON'T need some app hijacking my phone sending emails without my knowledge!!
Its working good now...it doent crashes more often...
Good job!
The new update sucks totally, I can't even see my comments.
(Y)
I think this is the bested app in the worlf
Slow in hi speed net also in 3g.. This app is to slow... Mobile web browser is fast in comper to this..app...
Nice one.
Facebook
Go back to automatic updates
I love it like it or some oneelss
Family destroyer
Very good app
Love it
It wont download!!! >:(
Good
Good app
good it is time pass by chating with friends
Amore

Excellent
thanks NSA!!
Nothing bad to say about it
Thanks
Takes more memory ..
Super

Great, keeo improving the app.
Really cool app.
Cool
You all need to make Facebook something like my space use to be .where we can decorate our profiles and make a music play list. I think that would make it better
Fun Fun Fun.
Won't let me log on :(
With my lg lte2. It take 140Mb. Unacceptable
Not bad
Meh
Good
Its just good
Eats a lot of resources!
Nice so nice very good
I mostly luv this app
It takes so much memory!!!!          Plz fix it!!
The app itself is smoother now, but what the hell happened to the news feed? It stopped at the bottom and wouldn't load any more posts, and then I reinstalled it, and it says there's nothing to show. The mobile site isn't showing anything either. I like the new design but I want the same functionality!
I can't update it, and it is compatible with my phone.
Tuyhy
Latest version is the best yet.  No more lost posts.
Do not like the look of the new design. System also seems real touchy when scrolling. Also goes into  no respond mode much more often than before.
Facebook
opening slower...and when notification arrives it always hang my device....and i don't upload anything by it..very very bad that it took more space...NOT GOOD...i have no word to expressed it ..
To much selling its like a car boot.!!!!
Good
i love facebook
i love it
The updated version takes a lot of memory and if you have low memory than it will hang the phone
Cannot play video after update..i need a solution.
Good work....bt y does it takes more time in loading and notification show is not real...i have 100 notifications but it ahows me only 25...plz fix this bug as soon as possible.
Great
Banjla
Its just good
After I updated fb it won't open now... Not happy at all about this... Please fix it.....
All I keep getting is sorry an unexpected problem occurred! On every video I try to watch!!
Mast app..this that it at best worst..ifuurrfgjifvkifewwwdvvgihhhhhkoyee*%32377+=44
It's good.
The new update is very fast..bhut bdya ...
I can't even install this app. It sucks now!!
Crap!!! Takes ages to download and the memory use is huuuge!
Facebook works wonders
It awesome to used and it very useful for us.. I am very Thank you to Facebook owner...
find friends image thumbnail not opening.
What new...???
I <3 fb I got my first bf on hear
Layout is Ok but the app works great
The brst up ever
Good apps
I updated it and can't open application now... :/
Application should allow selecting the text from posts, etc.
2014
That's way too much storage space...
Easy ever
Too much memory..freezes, can find anything. ..old posts...just blows. Privacy settungs are a joke..Eff fb.
After the latest update its taking more than 80 mb of phone storage and neither is it movable to sd card so this really sucks .Either give an option to make itmoveble to sf card or do something about the storage.
Its the best nun like it
It's not pretty good app.
It takes too much memory
Everything is good but the messenger is a little bit slow on my titanium s5
Reliable app most of the time. But why do the notifications no longer launch the app and navigate to the News Feed after reading the notification?
Very good appes
Cun sangat
I have to delete alot of apps to get this one and it wasent enough ... >:(
It's a best app
Below Average
Awesome
Engr.  S.M.Delowar Hossain
Happy to see it now works.. :)
It shut itself down when I am working on it!!
The new app is terrible. Everyone hates seeing old posts. I'm not seeing ALL my friends just the ones you pick and choose for me.
Can't download
although there is a couple of nice touches with last update. if i click on the post link it takes me to the mobile site :-\ whats the purpose of the app if its just going to link me to mobile site for most things :-\ sort it out also we shouldnt be forced to install fb messenger to read our messages
You need to fix this. I can't post in the groups I'm in.
Slow :(
Awesome
I can't use voice message
It is very good
Good
Best
Half the time can't open to site always a delay.
It is the greatest social networking.
Men still getting back to top stories....  Make it recent post. . I couldnt see my friend post so slow loading pic and vidz
JUST WISH IT WOULD OFFER ME THE OPEN FEATURE ONCE INSTALLED.
It wont download on my phone. Its trippin.
Great
Love this aap
It's a bad apps. Not even getting better by time..
best
Very good ^-^
Nice
Fast book no privacy... whatsapp all the way...
This app too large for my device .. I always got error message "your device storage getting low" so i should clear the fb data to free my phone storage .. Please fix it .. Same goes to my lenovo
Express my self...Love It!!
I  am loving it
Vry bad
Ali
Nice
Gets stuck at 99%
Bt sucks more ram upto 110 MB or else a good one
Since the update,  all i get is the video feeds! Very bothersome! ! I dont care to see all videos that my friends liked! News feed sucks now!
Major + for keeping in contact with distant family.

Great way to reconnect
Can't play videos on facebook app. It's happend after I upgrade to new version.
Coool
Awsome
Videos freeze. Only plays audio. Still hate lose of Photo Gallery access.
Why I change it to one star?due it can't download properly,when I download it after 93%  stop never continue to be download. I already check my network connection it is not the problem..so if you want me rate it 5star again fixe this one
Very nice
It's great
Can you just stop changing things, why give us an "I don't like this" button right in the video? It's really annoying and why change things in the messages?
Mnogo jede ram memorije!
Not only the new version but also the old one. We use facebook to get the updates of our friends. But this app sucks now. It is full of ads, no one is able to see their friends updates....just ads ads and ads.
Kindly allow us to dowload videos as we did it in past. Remove ur own video player. I hope u will consider my request.
Nice app
The app is taking 100MB of data storage in the phone!! Seriously! The data is coming from fb cloud then why do u need so much space on a phone. Some service of the app is still continously running even if the app is not in foreground. Improve the app at Core level before improving visually. Make the app light and lag free.
This app has caused me to use 2gb worth of data in two days of my data being restarted! I only get 3gb of fast speed a month, this is ridiculous
Nice
I can't get on thing
lpve it
Problem on loading notifications on my galexy 3 otherwise working good fix it
Too heavy
Md.33221100
Bank     dc
Gud..
Oooosm Jadeja
news feeds :-( :-(
It does not matter what the update may be. Fb is beginning to be just horrible to deal and not worth the time. I can't ever log on with out waiting cause fb is not responding. This happens so often all my time is spent, waiting, being kick off, and looking at a frozen screen. Oh the joy of fb! I think not. Do I think this update will be any different, no. Why you might ask? Because with every update it is worst! Not crazy about most changes.
Kwl
Thanks for the first time in the UK
It does not show current post.  It will show some post from 4 hours ago then when it refreshes it will show post from the day before.  I do not get to see but a few post from the same select group that Facebook picks for me.
Love it
PLEASE FIX.
Awesome
Wooooow soooo gooooood
keep me in touch with my friends n family
Facebook
Ihink I have finish all the process why should you guys give me back my facebook I 'm tired of editing text (capturing the picture and yet there is no results.) You keep on saying you are  trying to fix and yet you dint
Help Me Make New Friends And To Know New People Online Talk With Familly
Nice
Theee New Update Doesn't Show The Black And White Emojis !!!! 
Awesome !!!!!
Needs tablet support
Superb
Bsg
5
I love it
Note 3
Gak da komentar ah
ok
Sarrrrrrrrrring
Good
Great app
I love the app but I can't poke my friends and family more than once. I used to poke them 10-15 times now its just once. please do something about that.
Very bad....
Love it
good
Pembaruan
Its good
Messaging
¡ñ It won't load latest post ¡ñ Can't choose to see latest post, keep seeing post from yesterdays ¡ñ Eat my RAM ¡ñ Uses too big of my phone/sd card space ¡ñ Loading too slow
Excellent
Nice
THE NEW PROOF OF LOVE FB PASSWORD IF YOU LOVE ME JAJA BIPO PPL LOL
Sheshramyadab
Thanks
Nothing, Just AR.
Now it's eating up my memory
Plzz lower te memeor
Loving it.
Nice
Unlike Facebook, Twitter offers GIF support, and supports my edited photos. That is the main reason I am giving 3 stars atm
Useful
Its a fabulous app for android used as daily and easily useable for daily purpose...it has given so simplicity for the person using android phones with complete,wonderful and useful apps.......
This app lags, force closes every minute, takes forever to upload pics and vids, and more..
Love it
Fb
The updated version is too slow. Cant play any video. Please make it right.
Cool
Can't watch videos so why allow the uploads
Since the new update its not letting me get my noticfications an not letting me update  it keeps saying try again later
I cannot post. Every time I post a status it never appears. Friends and family think I've disappeared.  Please fix
Why does this app need over 100mB to be able to function? This app takes up the most space on my phone and I can't move it to my sd card! Please do something about this
ShamsulShamsul
Great but the synced photos show for a few seconds then it kicked me out. Every time I try too. Thought it would be fixed by  now but still nothing. Still the same. Also need an option to select and delete the photos synced. Thanks.
Cool
=)
Facebook sucks
Good

Nyc
Freezes up but i love the app it just needs more of coverage in 58329 area north
Cannot keep Facebook open, scroll down two or three posts and it closes down, phooey!
Rose
BULLSH*T
Works slow on 2G network .takes too much time to download!!
Awsome app
I love fbook
It has gotten worse!!! Cant do anything because it keeps say " not responding" please fix it!!!!!
What is going on? Make my screen flicker...
Jhakas
Great app
The new update suck
Now I can't even get suggestions for my activity when I ve typed it FIX IT !
App is getting bigger and bigger my ram is decreased
Love it
I like it most
teodeo
Its good app but very slow
Ko l
It's amazing app love this app
Nice
Funn
I need
:'(
Very nice
Good
I like it ... Speed is good.  My photos are uploaded almost instantly
GREAT
Its bettr thn oldr version
v.good
A clean app but pull high data usage
Awesome
More efficient on data usage please...
no
Facebook is kind of messy but I love it
Good
Love it
Ok
Mastin good
Nice app but very slow
I have gone through all my friends on FB & unchecked the comments & likes option, & their comments & likes still flood my news feed!
Please fix,still cannot play video
Getting better but size needs to be reduced
When open this apps and scroll a litle bit, its hang and restart to main menu. Please fix this....
Latest version freezing
R
New update is really fuck**g boree
Chest mieux ke lautr
Samsung s4   Just want to say that I'll never again install Facebook on to my phone..  Totally waste of battery,  mobile Internet..  And anyway is a crap..! Just connecting retarded People sitting all day on FB,..  Also Facebook watching all people who using it,  then selling collect information about you to another company's...   I already see how FB destroyed many People's lives..     No thanks is not for me..
Gud
Girraj Mittal
can't view any videos and can't comment ugh
Slow.. Works very very slow..
Ms
Its so great because u can talk with ur friends
Best
1996
please fix
Why do you still make the whole app keep running in background? Eating battery, ram and cpu. We just need to stay update with simple push notifications, why keep the whole app running? 1GB of ram and I still need to force close it to enjoy multitasking and to save battery by night. The app is good, but its really resource intensive.. There are more complex apps that use less resources... Seems that it was made for high-end devices only. And what about the app size growing every day of use? that cache...
Yea
Often erases from the device
N
Good
Makes my day easy!
I loved it.                                      Because it #funny#
Been having issues uploading a video. I uninstalled and reinstalled the app when I try to log in the app crashes and force closes
It tells me all my notifications are recent, even day old one's!
I like this apps enough.. Because I think it consumes less battery than my path. But why does it can't play any video? Keep saying "sorry but an unknown error occured while trying to play this video". Fyi I'm using sony xperia Z. Please fix this soon and I'll fix my rating too. Thx.
Stop changing/updating this!!!! Every time it's updated, something changes to where it Ither freezes or won't even work!
After the most recent update my Facebook app says unknown error and unable to connect with timeline fix this please
Awesome
awsome update
Its best
ok
It is slow
Is take more memory than before after update
Very nice
Takes a lot of memory
Great app no problems
it hangs mobile vry mch
Sathi
its grate u can  be in mcdonalds and see whats new on facebook u dont need to sit at ur laptop or computer anymorw
Pretty good
B
It says here 19. Something was the total mb of the app but it consumes almost 60 mb! Fix this.what's happening to facebook?!
Very gud
60 mf mb? N it closes after atleast 2 mins of use
Everytime I open Facebook its not loading the images . Using samsung galaxy tab 3
M
Great app to communicate with family members and friends all over the world. Thank you Facebook.
I loooove it !!! :-)
Joko
I can't watch any videos or share videos like before. It hadn't done that before. Please fix it.
awesome
THIS APP SUCKS! It always CRASHES! Its way slower than the Old version. You guys need to stop updating like crazy and just fix the problems! Plus it uses way too much memory. That's why I just.uninstalled it!
tai hinh lau vay
Superb
My fvrt sociel side
World best apps.
Facebook app is necessity
Jones4Life
It take so much sape
Love to have it
With good speed
Nic
Gr8 app for facebook on the go
No good app when I login a msg appears sayin check ur wireless connection & try again. I'm connected 2 WiFi & hv a good signal so what is goin on?
Getting the real Kick......
I like it
It's getting worser by every update.
Excellent
Its a good app. I get on it everyday
Fantastic
lovin it
Improved
Wow....
Facebook for ever
Ios users have more options on posting and comments. Why do you continue to leave android behind???
My hny bny
So vip
lol slow. Joke. Slow wifi.
terbaik
What a nice app
Dis update sucks totally.......
Good
Bult
Big memory. I hope better facebook.
I keep pop out from video playback, it shown video playback error since my xperia z ultra and now my z2..please fix this
Facebook
WOW
It's good app
Its booring cant chat with it

Why????
IT Sucks
Awesome
It is very best app
Great way to hook up with friends & family!
gud
:-)
Very useful
Please update in punjabi version
Nice App
Rashid Ahmad
Best way to talk with friend
Consuming almost 40mb, really unhappy.
Ok jer
Wow its amazing keep it  up mz
Very gud app
Only on time pass not much good
Ulol dpt sau 1 star
It helps me wjen i need help
App
Gorgeous
Bed
Pavithta shetty
I can post my pic and comments fast and easy
'Sorry, but an unknown error occurred while trying to play this video' this phrase pops out for almost all video
Why? Not working the whole day?
Not anymore thanks
It
Easy to communicate and get update with my family, friends and collegues.
Wouldnt it be great if we could customize the privacy option of our post, like whom not to share with.. Desperately need this :)
My favourite application
This app sucks...... WTF.               BECOMES 100 MB AFTER SIGNING IN FB
It takes 120 mb on my phone!!!
Best (Y)
i lke face book alittle but there are too many posers and creeps that need to get a life
This app sucks,they need to,fix it really still yhe same
Love facebook its awesome I love to see whats going on around the world
But new update is very bad
Why? Anyone else having this issue?
Ape hal AQ x boley download sedangkan memory AQ Ade 5gb ?
Crushes all the times. Can't you people make a steady app??
Dipu
Giid
Vivek Desale
It is a good app for me.
App is blemishless working well on android phone
The hell is 20 mb
Cl
it just hang in middle of a chat
Doha qatar
0890911     957
The pic added for milestones is not visible in the app after the latest update.. But the pic can be seen from all browsers... Fix it soon!! Deserves better rating if thats fixed!
This app is junk.  I have a brand new tablet and it won't function properly on it. My other apps work just fine. I deleted it and reloaded it........ still crashing.
Forever
Cant posted
Gr8
When I first downloaded this app, it was everything. Now, it takes so much space just to even run... well now my dilemma is it won't even load up for me to even log in! So done... until this mess of an app is fixed, I'm uninstalling and using a browser. I would rather have a slow experience than no experience.
Nice apps
Just perfect
Takes up. Too much memory
All in one package, you cannot asked for more
Everything is ok...
Great
I love this app exept for the fact that if I wanna chat and stuff like that, I would have to downlode other things. Besides that, It's cool.
It's works so good
Login is never happen
Love Pandora!
rS.L...,uNDER..ehXI
FB  was running smoothly. After the update..became a bundled up... you cant uninstall. this app is slow. locks up my phone. Droid razr phone. i use the browser  for fb.   this fb app is a joke
facebook
I like this app
Great improvements
Best social network
This is awesome
so sweet
Connection too slow.
Jam ram
Can't watch videos.closes as soon as u try to play it.
RK
Ok
Super
Prakash
Touch site is better, which is not saying much. More than just minor glitches need to be fixed. Does not show current status.
Soo nice facebook
FB... This works for me..
It is very good application
Idiot mentaly takent......does not deserve any star.....fuck off
100 100@ 100 100
Nice
Its realy very good aap
So tired of seeing posts from 3 days ago. Not having a chronological newsfeed has completely ruined FB for me. I'll continue to use it less and less now.
:,
N i c e 9 facebook Hiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
When I open it.it does not open but when I open it from Google play store it open please solve this problem
Funyyyyyyy
Not sure Wtf is you did, but it screwed everything up. Newsfeed doesn't work, notifications don't work, cant comment with a photo and now all of a sudden can't comment period. Quit messing with everything, I had to delete or move a lot of stuff for this update and now I can't even use it.
Love it!
I had an update last week & now it keeps crashing! Lame! It just makes me say whatever & I find something else to do! It's really helped me stop wasting so much time on Facebook, so thanks for the crappy update! Your only hurting YOUR SITE! SMH...
Love playing this game.
Compare to apple and android, apple facebook layout is better pls be fair to abdroid users too.
Fr

Loved it
Facebook addict lol.
Plx increase TAGGING no.s......make it 100 people nt 50
I need the ability to check my 'others' folder from my app. 3 updates ago you took that from me. And waaayy too many updates. Other than that, great app. Would give 4 stars once this is fixed. Oh, and why do you need access to my text messages and phone calls??
Since I updated it. app closes itself when i try to play videos on it..
Satanic
Excellent app.
Love it
Because its soooo annoying that i have to click for each notification to mark it as read, instead i should have a button to read all or simply by getting to notification fragment automatically it should mark them all as read.  Just a piece of line of coding and it should be done, work on it pls. Thank you.
Atttttttt
NAIC
Not liking the UI at all. Not very user friendly nor does it have many options to edit or make it your own in comparison to many other social media apps. Twitter, G+, Instagram all have seemed to have surpassed you in app functionality. Not sure why people are even still on FB. It's as if they're addicted or somehow bound to this social site. I just re-opened an account after more than two years and this BS is what I'm greeted with. Laughable
Since the newest update it wont load at all
Best socia app in market
Those recent updates eats my remaining memory. My phone can't update the recent facebook because I have insufficient memory (available). Wtf!
Seems to work just fine! Just wish fb would not send auto game requests to those who don't play!!!
Its out class app
Facebook is timepass site
Nice
Feeling happy with this new version
Khanbvdj
Best
Hay
Geh lang *~*~*
Ò»Ö±¸üÐÂÒ²]¸ÄßM£¬DÆ¬Ò»Ö±ÅÜ²»³öíÒÑ½³ÖÀmÒ»¶ÎrégÁË£¬ÍêÈ«¾WÂ·]î}£¬DÆ¬¾ÍÊÇºÜ¶à³ö²»í
WOW.. its wonderfull
Nice
When i click on the video its automatically shuts down
This latest update claims it fixes the bug where the pics don't show up. Lies! Even an uninstall/reinstall doesn't fix it. Please make this work as it just stopped showing pics today.
Good to hear from you
So nice :)
Good
Love it
Runs slower, and I can't watch videos. /:< and commenting is hard too. Takes forever to load.
No I dont want FB to read my sms or use mic or read all applications or view my contacts etc. Big brother BS! Back the F up facebook!
Good thing a at all times
this new update takes more memory, is it worthed?
It was working fine till every video you try playing gives you an error. Bugs need to be fixed and more improvement needed
"App Not Responding" popups always appears even though i'm not using it. Sometimes, it makes the my other apps go unresponding as well and suddenly crashes and I cannot open my apps until I restart my phone. Maybe this is a bug or something. Fix it pleaseee.
Why Too Lag?? Another App is Work Good But Facebook Not....Why?????
I hate it!! It updates like everyday and my memory becomes full already!
very good
Nice app
Awesome
Facebook
Has to be improved some more ....
Wow
Why don't you leave stuff alone, or at least test it before you f*ck it up? Good God, it's not like you're short of a few bob.
This app is most popular social app. We connected to our frnds easily nd more...
This update better fix Facebook freezing my phone. Grrrr!
Its not amazing but just fine
Interesting article
There might be some kind of bug in the application, it says I was sending messages to people that I don't even talk to about some free iPad giveaway,  it's kind of irritating cause I know I didn't send these messages...  Fix It
I love this app
Its ok
Need not to do a lengthy process...
It's gud but the refreshing is almost after 30 minutes so u have to scroll down for the same posts round about 30 minutes and then new posts coming up...refreshing time should be at most 5 minutes...
buggs ..
Absolutely mind blowing app if more good words are there I'm sure I'll use em
I cant connect not responding..huhuhu y?
Unable to SHARE any Posts since new update. FB cannot go a week without some problem - absolutely hopeless !!!!
Gooood
It little better but need improve as new post upgrade new not old news post from yesterday or days ago please fix and where is setting on there feed news on it none on computer not phone have ok but not computer none! It should same as with phone and computer same not confused others different ok
omg, its hang! -_- the cell it can't retrieve without mem. ggrr
Its very nice
Wonderful app
Sorting option should be set to default
Great
Great app,
Yes. Because I want an app that constantly changes the chronology of my timeline, and the privacy of my posts without my consent, while providing half of the functionality of the internet. Uninstalled.
owh come on ,it even lag on my snapdragon 800...need some improvement
Its pretty awesome to have Facebook
No problems like others have described, in fact, I'd rather use this app than signing in on my laptop!
Having used Facebook on my iPhone previously you can say that I was letdown with the Android version. Looks and feels like the 3-4 generations back from the current ios version
Super
Super
Old version was better
Too bad but have to uninstall it....used too much of my phone space....
Lov t
And that new update really very cool no bugs
Wi-Fi¤Ç¤µ¤¨¥í©`¥É¤Ërég¤«¤«¤ê¤¹¤®¡£ÆÕÍ¨¤ËWebbrowser¤ÇÒ¤ë¤Û¤¦¤¬Á¼¤¤¡£
Great app
Love it
Verry  nice
Size should be decrease of this app....
Can't like anything
I'll be scrolling and suddenly it jumps back to the beginning of the news feed. Also sometimes it won't load at all. I can see my notifications, but nothing else.
Awesome, fantastic app
Good
Fix this Facebook app, back to the old version.  I hate this new facebook, I like to know whats going on in my news feed, nor to read someone post something days later. Fix this please....
I can post everything
Love
Best app
Tired of all the access the app needs and the algorithm for what's in my feed is useless.
U guys keep update the version but  the problem is not fix.......rubbish
Not much of a socialite, but Facebook helps me to keep in touch with some friends.
AT ITS AMAZING
Facebook swipe option new o
Its amazing
Was having problems with previous versions. After update, app works great! Flawless, ty FB
Frequent "network errors,"  that appear to only be within this app,  unable to replicate errors in any other apps.   Also frequently will not post my comments.  Very frustrating.
Tried to download & it says error.
Is beeeteeeerrrr
This app is super slow and my phone always hangs...... Bullshit.....:( if upgrade it and the app is faster than before it will help alot.......
New posts are always out of date order.  I spend TOO much time reading posts I have already seen, and that takes my data time.  Frustrating, VERY AGGRAVATING.
Problems loading newsfeed. Plz correct it then i will give more star.
I can't tag people in my facebook groups anymore nor can I specifically tag people I'm not friends with if they were on the same post. I don't know why this option stopped but they should bring it back.
Most lovely thing is I found those people whom I could have never thought of seeing again in my life after meeting once twice or with whom I studied for years...thanks a ton facebook for it...
Exellnt
Its so amazing
I don't want to see things that I've read 1 week ago appearing in my news feed when I open FB. And there's just option to change it from top stories to most recent, what you guys call top stories is not relevant to me, please find a way to for me to change it to most recent!!!!!
Use TWITTER it's more reliable. This Android app is full of bugs  Cant watch video, when they do play there's no sound, stops responding, VERY POOR APP. 0 stars... JUST READ THE OTHER REVIEWS!!!!
TAKING TOO LONG TO FIX THE CRASHING!!!!!!REALLY!!!!
Good
Super
I rather use my browser than this app. News feed takes long to load and when it does I see post from the night before, not recent!
I love facebook
When people reply to our comment, we need to scroll it lown way up & down to read it. Please fix it and make it easier just like on PC.
I hereby revise my former rating: after a worrysome period of trial, most bugs and issues have been fixed and the software is fully functional. Posting is steady and efficient, photo is upgraded and comments open correctly. I do not even notice lack of functionality compared to the browser site. If anything, I wish only group management was more flexible.
Very nice,,
Let it download
It is a worst app.
Every five mins it is forcing close and says fb is not responding! This app SUCKS and they need to fix it!
I love being able to connect to my family.  Thank You Facebook!
very good

Don't like the new update...at all
I like this application
Awesome
I hate this app it takes lot of battery
Desscription
Excelent i love it
How could I not love this app.
Too much data consuming
I installed the newest update only to have constant issues with it and ended up rolling it back to the last version. I only gave it two stars instead of 1 because I do like the old version that I am still running. If this gets fixed, let a ho know? Kthx.
Ios7 version much better
From 18 to 50mb WTF...
supperb
So cool
I living it lol
Can't always click on things
yea you read that right.
Kumar
Nothing will load. First time I've had any issues with this app. I can log into a computer and everything works fine.
Its fast
I hate this apps and i also love it too much.   Plz make this apps deta less. When its runs its eat too much mbs.
Cannot comment upload update changed password.ahhhhhhh whole account is frozen! After the new update please fix
The thing with facebook nowadays, well just crashes whilst scrolling for my friends posts. Sighs.. nothing's change.
On G-5, is now very slow to load pages, avatars, photos, and videos.
Good
My soe
Keeps crashing on my S4
Good
Pengalu

Hate the update
Well man..fix the bugs..frequent posting errors ..
The appearance is really good but the navigation is not very smooth. It would be nice if it could be improved
Awesome
Nice network
too fast awesome app
Love it
Excellent
Why does every update use more and more storage? Too much. Everytime I need to update this app I have to end up deleting things just so it'll fit. I'm over it. I won't be updating today lol.
Saya sangat mengemari facebook kerana sangat syok n best
Videos on facebook does not play till the end due to some error the app says
This app takes more usage of  RAM and makes the phone slow, takes along time to login to it and isn't responding sometimes. Otherwise its gud.
Causing wakelocks!  Otherwise not so bad.
Fix this app immediately!!! I will never update my Facebook app again.

Barely usable on the galaxy tab. Images are not scaled commenting does not work and the user interface looks ridiculous on such a large screen.  Uninstalling.
I really love this app. I see many improvements. Thanks 
Alsome
Realy nice
This app is a piece of crap. With every update something else is wrong with it. Dont waste your time on this.
Love it
I love this application very much
Its very good for facebook open
rijuladas
No issues so far
Exclnt app
Close force problem please fix it
Killer
all the post in the FB it wrote "just now" even if it posted a year ago!!
Brown hair brown eyes , tanned skin, im 30 year old n i love Celtic fc. Im in a relationship with Lisa Jackson we ve been together for 11 year now . I have 2 sons n a dog max.
Gooood
loading e kyok asu
Faecbook
I have to try first
Too cool I love it..
Meh
Love it
Wont let me login in with it sucks
So
Awesome
Cool
Geetha geethu
Iloveit
Cool
Love it
Love face book  and its very good to keep intouch with family that also lives abroad made many nice friends  also xxx
Facebook
Facebook
Very slow    often new news are not available
I love facebook its cool
Meri aadhi zindagi.. tum ho facebookia... aaila..
Cool
Bahot khubsurat
Badia khant a
Tired of this UI now
It's Good.......
Works easy n smoothly
Great app
Every time I log in it keeps telling me my session has expired.
Like. .this
Love it
Sangat hebat
BC
Is good
I can't understand it takes much space. Bec. Of this I cannot download other app also I want.Pls. minimize the space .I dont want to uninstall but its like annoying to me.
Force close! >_< please fix this! ;) tia
Superb
Rafeeq adivaram
Be the best and fight .
Why ???
I absolutely love this latest update amazing job!!  Just add new privacy I hate how friends can see u like some else post or comment on other ppl post thats not friends with that person¡­ UGH Bummer
Love you
I don't like the update version, I can't post to individual contracts like before or share to someone  in particular. The update takes too much memory to make it worse. I'd like to uninstall this update but not an option.
Superb
Can't install the app tho the phone has free memory.
Instantly Connect and Message and see Video's & Photo's from Family & Friends right from your Cell Phone. Has Smart Video's that are animated without Sound unless you Click on them, (a Preview, to help you decide you want to watch that clip). FaceBook is the Best thing that has happened to us on Computers and Cell Phone's.
Says new update on facebook app. go to market and there's no update?
Ye ye luv it
please fix it!!
Make my phone so slow
Not so good
Won't let me download the fukin fing
Slow app
Chat txr converstion to friends
I would give this app 5 stars but it NEVER let's me see my notifications correctly. I'll click one notification and then can never go back to my list of notifications. It's very frustrating.
Allaa
If I HAVE to remember to change my feed to Most Recent every time I open the app.....I WILL NOT give you a rating higher than ONE star!!!!
Finally a way to upload more than 1 pic at a time - the rest is average but fine. Edit - DUMP THE "LAST ACTIVE" TIME IN MESSAGES WHILE USING MOBILE!! STALKER FEST, OMG!!!!
I left the beta testing version because of daily updates.. Nothing changed. Still slags crashes and stories in main feed are days old.. If it wasn't for my family and friends I'd be gone from this site and just text. Videos lag. Pictures won't load. Messages cause the app to crash not to mention the amount of space it inquiries.
WHY CANT I SIGN BAC IN TO MY FACEBOOK ..A "PROBLEM" SIGNIN IN ...FOR 2 DAYS THO ..PLZ FIX
Baik
After ignoring updates for weeks I finally gave the latest Facebook a go for the stop notification feature but I wish I hadn't. Top stories is so unpopular yet Facebook has set it as the default option and there's no way of changing it to most recent. Yes I can go to the menu and find most recent but why make something so not user friendly? Given the news that Facebook has tried to maipulate users' emotions I can think this is the only reason they are continuing with the reviled top stories.Crashes lots too
The Newest Update SUCKS SUCKS SUCKS!!!!!! What's up with the massive amount of memory needed now??  This makes zero sense, you would think someone smart enough to be a billionaire would hire app developers who would make a great mobile product!!
Good
I hate it so much. I always try to refresh my password a hundred times. And it still can't log in.. please try to fix this problem?
Please fix it. It's lagging in my samsung tab 3 and it takes so much ram that makes my tab so slow making it crash very often.  FIX IT.
Nice
Gives 'error saving the photo' while trying to save one to device.
Something is seriously wrong with the developers!  The Facebook app used to be fun to use.  Now it goes all the way back to the beginning of the news feed whenever you open a story or video.  Please end DWWC ! (Drinking While Writing Code)
Samsung galaxy S2
Dislike!
In one month Facebook has two updates.. And it takes much more memory. Please fix these.
Really awsm app.... bt i is quiet slower den others..
After update the close it self and my phone get slower fix this problem
Very nic
But how can you change the thingy-thingy of who can see this post, who can see that post??.... Cuz I really need to know..... You know?
hi
Cool
Good
Very useful..  More power...
I love fb ,,it lets me know whats going on with my huge family ,, especially my love! And im regina's biggest HOOKER.                Danielle
Just good
Good
Nice
Its amaging
Will not accept any password that I've used so I say f*** this
Eat tooo much space !!
Fast and really comunication
Fix the cmnt problem.....i can't upload pic on cmnt....!!
It consume twice its size of data on download and put a heavy load on RAM, WHY IS THAT..
The app NEVER shows everything my newsfeed would on a computer.
Compare to apple and android, apple facebook layout is better pls be fair to abdroid users too.
SUPER APP FOR ME
Love it
Newhart sitting com
Liked by me
So.. After this latest update... It's sh**y sry. For that word but it's true... It slowly loads notifications, videos are not playing and I have to try to play it about 4-5 times to start it, now started exiting in midle of conversation, I am typing, sendinf audio logs or photos and It just goes out of it. Also I need to wait around 20 sec to open 1 new notification (comment on a photo/status etc.etc...) so please fix it.
Nice app
Good!!!
Not working videos
Wonder full app for all fb lovers thanks to develepers for the app .
Pls add copy option also on status n posts.....
Who wants to be my true friend
Aww sucks ! It crashes all the time
I cannt download any fb video before.. but now i cannt play any video... its showing error
Its using more memory than whatsapp , hike, twitter combined !! ....please make it a bit more memory free..
News feed constantly freezes maybe my phone dosent have enough memory to run this new version app so dissappointed
Its too many MB and it says if I don't have 50 or more open MB, it won't work. It sucks. Please fix it.
Wonderfull
God is great
App
Good
Very good app I love this app
Good
Bring back the chatting without the messenger
Panget
Nice app friends..
I can't donwload this on my phone! Why? Please fix it! Annoying!
I did like it, but recent updates have caused the app to run slower, and take up more memory. I also cannot post to a group anymore for some reason, and I really hate that I can't check my 'others' inbox on the app. Please fix these things and I'll put my rating back up.
I would seriously appreciate if you took the share button off or at least give the option to turn it off while I share my photos I do not want them shared on other ppl pages. Also I duslike the fact ppl can call you from fb its bull crap
Stop putting updates
It is very good
add copy paste option
the app takes about 63mb of my memory, the app rarely ever opens. When it does, It crashes immidiately. If It does not crash, I cannot post statuses or like posts. The only fix to this is unistalling the app to the factory version and then reinstall the update. Even then the app still does not work. This app never ceases to disappoint me.
Great
hi thanks for downloading:)
Better than words!!
Facebook blh mencari kwn
Good
Nice application..
Fb icon is hide
Doesnt work on my phone
Zupper like it,  I love it,.
Default Notification is not working in this app
Liked
Tekhai
Goes crazy sometimes. I dont have an old phone so I cant blame it on that
GollamudiPrasad
Nice
Good app
Pisey
Superb
I love my facebook i am  online eny time

It's been a while when I used a great app like this :)
Pogiii
Boring
Current updates crash every time when new feed hit video and start to play during scrolling. Memory hog.
I love this apps
Hindi ko mai download kakaasar
Videos are still not playable at all. App force closes without any warning. Device : micromax a210
Sir plz give us the option of copying the status in fb
Cannot Play Videos In Face Book app
It consumes so much of my memory! Fix it and i will rate it 5
Have enjoyed using Facebook. I wish at times there was a easier way to access some if the games. Solitaire and prizes hasn't been working the last couple if times I have tried to play it.
Super
Now i thing ti's deserve 5 star !!
Social networking

What a waste
News feed stinks. Please fix, it was perfect until you guys messed with it!!!!!!!
Best chat & love reading other folks drama lmao..overall great app.
Ignore button is op
Hello my life
New Facebook is horrible
Dreet!

Lo
Awesome
I use

Super........
Loved it
Bad to much update  I'm out of memory
Very good application
Too much memory! Not cool....
Raj
Why my fb not working in my cp..?? :(
Getting worst with each updates. ..
"Unknown error blah blah" comes out everytime i update this new version of Facebook
error  not update.. to mad
It takes most time to download
Loved it...
Sony ZL(4.4.2): por momentos ingreso al facebook y bloque responde la interface. Se queda todo trabado, es como si el patr¨®n de entrada t¨¢ctil dejara de funcionar. La ¨²nica soluci¨®n es reiniciar el tel, solo en esta app pasa, desde la ¨²ltima actualizaci¨®n.
This is very good app....i give 5 stars....
Cool
for me, this verion is the best. keep it up! ;)
On its own. Pls fix! Its annoying
Excellent
BESTEXASTATTOOS

It's not possible to change the text size. Can't select text nor links to copy them.
Is there any need to update it ???
OK. .
No updates???
Mat karo downlord isko
Excellent
About time!
Love it
Excellent!! This is Great to connect to our family,friends,etchr. Pretty good to connect with games,apps .... Loved it! [¡ã^_^¡ã]
Ya well its cool i guess
Plays videos when I don't want them played, can't select most recent... What gives Facebook the right to tell me what the top stories of my friends and family are anyway???? Have it how it used to be, don't ruin what already works well Facebook Ffs.....
Great app, never crashes but it tooks so many memory.... please fix that :)))
No coment.
It's gotten alot better
Love
Fb
Its worked good
More MB. Oh god it exceeds 67Mb. It hangs my Samsung Galaxy S Duos pls fix this. Ive deleted it ill give 5 stars if u fix this one tiny problem.
Love it, just wish it didn't take up so much spaces
speechless
Love it
There's always an update but nothing ever really gets better. I wish that there was another Facebook app out there. I think I'm going to jump ship to Twitter.
Make it better! And i already updated it why now? another update!
Bloated, resource hungry, but improving
Why? Whe n i install facebook messenger my facebook become slower, or even hungging for a couple of minutes
The good: frequent updates

Love it ! (Suggestion)- color themes or backgrounds?
It stops responding sometimes
its ok
When I upload a video it freezes all my other apps fix it please also when I cancel the upload it starts back up when its canceled it should stay canceled fizz that to because that's not cool Facebook
Las berciones anteriores eran mas beloses y no abia muchos problemas mejor ya no.actualicen mas
I want to install it but it wont -.- whats going on ??
IS ALRIGHT
The
really luv it
Liked it
I can't enjoy it like previous versions, please fix it.
Nice
Gooood
It isn't working in Qmobile Noir A10
Dear sir, After Some Updates This App Doesn't Save Images.There Is a some problem.this app is doen't move in phone memory,this is big problem to me.bcoz this app consumed more space in my phone memory. plz solve this problem in next update.thank u
Thanks
ok good
Don't waste 80MB++ of your internal storage & tonnes of your valuable RAM just to get 'stucked' with this foolish apps. It doesn't have the speed,smoothness & the stability that u're looking for. It just a complete waste ! Based on my experiences,it is better to browse FB through a web browser like Opera Mini which gives u a better & stress-free experience. Plus, they never listen to u. Whatever u're saying,it will definitely binned by the teams! They might thought they were untouchable.
It' very cool
In the past I could upload and post photos from my phone galley but now only camera roll to upload !! I have to scroll down to choose old photos ! It could take forever !! Fix this issue please
Not bad
App
Lumayan
Now it's just  to leave with five star straight.
Slows down your phone to an unholy degree and consistently has glitches with uploading pics and vids and even just opening! Facebook you are a billion dollar company. Perhaps you should focus more of efficiency of the program instead of pretty little bells and whistles. Notice that your one star ratings have increased significantly and dont let your business fail because i know it can be better.
i love  facebook
The perfect way of being online 24x7!!!
After update its great..
Vinod
I l u
Facebook ignores the location setting and still tries to track where you are, even if the app is not running. I know this because I use app ops, and Facebook continually requests to know where I am, irrespective of whether the app is running. Unacceptable.
I've been deleting other apps just to download update and it still says insufficient storage.PLEASE FIX!
wow
Is Facebook
Nice app
Fix the videos that are glitching to play on my newsfeed!
Like
Under one roof
It's awfully amazing,such a comunication it created,just amazing! Its best social app,ever!
Takes too much memory so my phone packs up. Don't waste your time its rubbish
Very much cool
I cant download it :(
Loads slow.crashes.
I realy love it
not  good
Love it
Good
Won't let me log in
yeap
Cant change news feed to most recent from most populer but other wise its good
Its not much effective bt not too worst
Now prefer the browser Facebook than this!!!
It's cool
Amalapuram
Nice app
Too much ram consuming
:-)
Too much bugs and I can't comment nor like
Jst hell with this new version
Good app but needs update again and again. Fix it quick.
Have not updated this app on Galaxy 8.9 tab in awhile, due to high % of negative reviews. My 11-month-old version (5.0.0.26.31) seems semi-stable. However it still occasionally goes to black screen, videos won't play at all, it's missing several useful desktop features, you can't post a photo in a comment, you can't administer pages unless you install their other app, etc. If you haven't updated lately, DO NOT! Wait 'till a majority of reviews are more favorable, and useful features are added/restored.
Works great on the revolution
Since the last update I got for this app, Facebook has not loaded at all and it keeps stopping every time. I can hardly ever access Facebook. Please fix this!!
I like the UI change in the latest update, but now I can only see my "top stories" timeline.  Why get rid of the option to change between top stories and most recent?
It's so slow, please fixed it ThankYou!GoodApp
Nice
More memory use this app very faster
Makan bateri kuat natanh ni.. data pon kuat..
Yyyyyuuuuy
Facebook is good for me
Bagus bingit
This is very bad
Super app
Best app
Rocks
Good
Good
I like fb
Boleh maen pesbuk dok staram
Iloveyoumyson
SO SLOW
Never know what's coming with the new FB updates, latest one everytime I Try to watch a video, it crashes and tells me problem occurred.
Faster
This app froze, force closed and froze up my smart phone enough.....the update only made it so bad its not useable.  Dont need the aggravation.  If I uninstall this again, (which so far Ive had to do twice so my phone would even work) I wont install it again.  Cmon you geniuses......Really??  :/
Nice store
Good interface.. Hv a dislike button nw.. Anyway, great app. Keep it up 
Nice
App worked fine then stopped one day hasn't worked since can't even open it, works fine on phone, tried reinstalling and restarts still no joy, thumbs down fb. Finally now working with the latest update
Update! Still freezes up and does not show all of your friends posts, nor does it show all pages posts that you like. "If it ain't broke, Don't fix it!!!". Facebook SUX!                                       Does not update properly. There is no status update option. It is slow loading. Overall, I rate it ZERO STARS!
Its so slow. And it always crashes. And i cant see recent update in my news feed. It takes more memory.
I just restored my phone and tried installing fb app but it dose not get installed. Gives error message "unknown error occur no 24" getting this since two days. Wake up fb team are u still in u r bed. This update sucks
I love Facebook app on mobile :x
Very very good
It's amazing app
Has recently improved. An extra star awarded. Still needs wi-fi for best results. But has become a bit more responsive on 3g+/H+ One more star to come for further speed improvements. Photos need resizing and compressed I think.
After update can't watch please fix it
Hello
I hate i cant see my notif and news feed always telling error please fix this i cant replied my friends
Lovely to useg
Excellent Perfect Awesome
Getting problem In installing
Ok
Pinaka Facebook sa tanan
Like to see the diffarent in ppl lifes.
love it
I dislike when I scrolling through and for whatever reason it decides to just go all the way back to the top and I just wasted my time trying to find something...fix this please
Nice
Whats with this update? I am not taking it along with so many more who arent so update again without needing to read my personal things
Love the app use it everyday
Nice
Been force closing. Please fix. EVO 4G
With the new look, which is just a mere copy of the twitter app, n not much at that too, tries to load everything at the same time, making everything slow down. The size of the app is unbelievable! Pretends like it owns the phoNe RAM, nothing else runs while this runs, and it'll hang after 5 mins with a guarantee. This came preinstalled with the phone, so can't uninstall or move to sd card even if I want. Enuf with weaknesses, I'm moving to Google+
Nice

More features added for android. Good app.
N
Laggy
Nice..
Got it
What the hell FB after the new update it stopped responding in my phone and also in my friends. come on!!!! fix it fast and put a new update .lot of people are going through this problem and it is slow too
Spying application.  Control the phone without user permission. There is no dislike button
Good app$$
Still unable to play any videos after this update
What is this it is a very wast
With all the permissions it asks for that arent needed and the 120mb it has taken. What is it downloading?
Good
Goooood
GReat apps
Best app ever :))) keep doing great things (y) like it! /m\
Excellent; Enjoying..
Go to hell updater -_-
Cool app
I loved it
Cant post!
Good
Hyyy .. There is mostlyy. Error in scanning location  :/  .. Doesnt load all the newsfeed too . n whn i upload pix it get unto sum other folder '
Easy to use.
This really isn't of an acceptable standard.
Great
Usually crashes on my phone
12345678
Good app
Tried n tasted ts dope
I finally got it to work
Ayush
hi
Ohk
I am electric contactr
Truly love ths version.... <3
My photo can't be uploaded
Time consumer
its error loading news feed and old pictures
I just loved it
Loved it
App improved a bit after last update but still takes long to load, even if my phone is on h+
App crashes every time while scrolling down
Perfect
Good
Awesome app for chatting
best of world all the person i use facebook sukh
Facebook
Everything found
LOVE it
I love Facebook.  .........more than my friends ....its make me  fun and happy........so I like it........sk
Nice
Awsome...
Mast ha
Very good
Suprb ....
Can't message anyone from Facebook i have to message me directly from Facebook messenger and still cannot open app unless its from playstore , complete bullshit , WhatsApp is the best

Nice browsing
No one uses facebook anymore, too bad I can't even delete the app because it came with the phone! :(
I really hate how the app refreshes itself takes and me away from my story
Jest love it
I still cant see any pictures or videos on facebook it sucks -.-
When watching video halfway (or not even halfway) it just jumped out and say error, and cant play video through tv, which can be done on older version....very...disappointed?
It's f***in slow

Excellent
Joyful
Facebook is a simple way to communicate with friends and discover new people.
SHANGKAR
Ramjan
So ba~gal ano ba yan ~=~
To get in straight from time to time this app shutting down and I feel so frustrated. i kept on having an error message stating that FB is not responding, please BRING BACk the older version of this f app.. i really having tooooooooo much issue with it.  please..
It's Facebook. What's more to say..
V.Good
Just Improve data  issue.. Cahed data size is too big....
Yeah
Great way to stay in touch with all my friends. They're scattered all over the U.S. from Florida to Colorado. TY!
Package file is invalid..pls fix..
Always crash when go to fanpages..stupid apps
Love facebook
Make it faster very slow processing after that it will be five star
but a bit buggy
I really love facebook
Pls make it smooth....
This app sucks on sony experia z2! Whenever i open a video it runs for 5 seconds and shuts down. And when m surfing fb in a group it suddenly shuts down,all of it! Fb just stops and closes!
Ismael ahmad
I like it
Forcing me to install messenger can't talk to anyone please fix
Kind of getting sick of this app freezing up on my Note 3 and requiring me to force stop the app and run again.
Like it
Fix it devs.
The last update only takes about 17 mb of my disk space...now where is this extra 30 mb of new updates come from? I don't see much of major improvements in this new version...still a memory hog...
Bi
My phone has a small memory form even with a memory it still dont work
Uttam
Its just a graet app <3
takes up to much memory/space .
Nicee
:)
Helo
Good
It crashes when I opened it.Everytime. Help us Google!It crashes A LOT!!
Nice app working beautifuly
Malik
I will not work on my phone hatteee ittt! !!!
nice app and can comment and post
Why does it download it in phone memory? Plz make it movable to sd
Smooth
Needs updates that will decrease RAM consumption
I m loving it
Chat tab need to be improved.   Mostly Toogles should be near home button like chat, messages etc. Because this all really waste time and sometimes 5-7" incher devices they get out of hand grip. Specially when we are on bed. I know you dont have any concern with the device design. But I will just advice you to make an app that give comfort to the users. Because it we talk about the size of the devices. So its impossible no a days  to use a device with smaller displays.
Solid...
Nice super
Appearance is  good. but ith  angs all the way :(
Eccellente
STUPID!! Everytime update! Hate this!!
I
Plz undo to the previous update.. After this update fb freezes alwz and nothing loads..
Hi
Lovely
Att aa
FB should focus on core functionality
dude its too fast
Good
Plsssss...fix this problem... I will uninstall this app it's totally sucks.. Can't login anymore.. What happened?
Always force closed on clicking a video.........
Heroin
Lovely
Very Nice
Is it everyday you update...? Can it be done even 1s in 6months if not more..? Foolish apps
AWESOME APPLICATION
Like it...very simple..hope for more features and improvement in lag time.
the update eats a lot of my phone's memory. Why is this thing takes so much of it? please fix this!
...it has no possibility to suggest friendship between two people.
Good
Need more improvement
Every thing is fine
Nt enough they can make better
I hate it ,, its plain rubbish wtf is this ? It messes up my memory card..its just plain rubbish !
Excellent app
Cant view any pics and haven't been able to for a while now which is so annoying ..... This needs fixing ASAP PLEASE !!!!!!!!! grrrrrrr
Dveienpiatka
Will amend my score when connectivity is fixed.
Tnx
It lags too much. It takes too much memory to run. It's been a thorn in my side please fix our I discontinue this period. I pay good money for data and phones and you lead good people around. FIX IT
Nive
Robel hossin
Doesn't always load-kind of annoying but still works better than most others
I used to be able to tag people as long as we were in the same post... now I can't do that. Change it so I can do that again, and I'll give it 5 stars again.
Thanks
Good app
Hmmm good
Facebook
amaaaaaaziing
Its a good apps...
It's the best so far
wow its new
Success
Like
bad
All these updates are clogging up my memory! Plus the app isn't even good it crashes a lot and it won't let me send messages properly! Fix it and I'll rate 5 star
Do not download this app this is very very slow app
Well developers, you have hit at new low this time. I can't even begin to list all the problems with this update. Let's just say you should probably listen to the reviewers here and scrap this update and go back to the drawing board. I must say this is the only app I use that  CONSISTENTLY gets worse with each update. I just don't get it...back to the mobile site til you get it together...
Litu
Love
Kept freezing on my LG Volt
It is a best app
Jufar
Still not fixed
Nice.. Hoping for More Features
Good
Facebook
Awsome
Nice.. like it but it take more gb or memory...   so, i gave 3 stars
Good to keep in touch
5! No less no more!! It's just own some.
Can't sort recently news feeds. All things we are getting was old top stories.
nice
Excellent
That i can talk to my friends
Need more.
Business
Great app
Make it a lighter app! Make it more RAM friendly! Your app size is questionable! How come a standard browser with lesser size loads your page faster than your facebook app? It really doesn't make sense at all.. Whats the point of using this app if a standard browser can do it faster.
Facebook is the best app then ever
Best for time wastage
12345678
Ok
Dear authority... You must introduce a font increase settings... other wise i have to buy a magnifying glass... :|
Facebook is like part of our life
Liked it..!!
Cool and easier
Its not good app its boring.....,
Ashok
I have to clear data after using it cos it likes to manifest my phone
Super
Better
It's very useful to all.
It's good cause it keeps me in touch with family and friends :)

Good
Its is very lucky to me FACEBOOK I brought a new girlfrnd with a facebook
Loved it
And not bad
This is way way better then m.facebook
Super good
Updates are so massive that I don't have enough memory in my phone. Facebook won't allow me to move it to the SD card. Another massive update. It's amazing how much memory FB requires. Need to be able to move to SD card.
Gun
Not many changes have seen...ya but better than previous one !
Please add new changes to the UI & things such as edit who can see our post, etc.
dont bother samsung tab it takes forever to open , plus it crashed loads i wont bother next time
Perfect
Waaooooo
The messenger camera needs to be fixed. Every time I take a picture the picture is stretched.
Its really good.
Nice
Nice OK
The app was nice but the memory is so large so it is the way for Samsung trend was not at all a good model its so bad
Dahil dyan 5 star ka sakin..
Tfeh
Excellent
This app it's great
Updated
Good
Good app 4 android
ries!
Refuses to play any video. Poor upgrade!
Can only watch 10 seconds of videos on Facebook. Can fast forward passed 10 seconds and its works. Sony zxpiria Z2. Poor app.
Very interesting,fun and educational.
Cool
Awesome
Fans rate that you can win and make money using facebook. Pls fans enlighten me more on it.
I just updated facebook about 2 hours ago. When i tried to share a post, it shut down. Wouldn't reload. Had to restart my phone. Went to share and boom. It did it again. Every update it seems to get worse. What are you doing?  Stop it!
Its getting slow day by day .when I was downloading it ,the process  was slow .
Part of life
When ever i try seeing a video this app gets me out to facebook and i have to re login. Im unable see any video.
No problems for me.  Updated in less than a minute.
Very fast and stylish
AWESOME JOTTTTTTTTTILLLLLLLL
So noob
It's too sudden, I don't know how and why, keep reinstall still won't work neither, please fix it~
Working better than before ....thnx good job¡î¡î¡î
Please fix it....fix it
Best
Slow, unresponsive,freezes, and all this is after the update.... and pls tell me why do you need to know where I am (god) talk about no privacy....New update. Why is messager now a separate app ..why don't you answer questions asked ? ..do you not care.
Vinodbhagora
Facebook App

Can you add copy and paste things in the news feed or anywhere for the app?
Never had a problem :)
It always crashes on my galaxy y phone..
7/19/14 FB now fine.
Text selection is not allowed in android. Selection must be enabled.
Nice and fast.
Good!
Excellent app
Good
Consume too much memory
Very nice
Good aap
Goods
Much better
Mau Update bingung. Coment nya ga da yg enak d baca
NINE
Me mire nje version i vjeter
I love it
Nice
This 24 MB app expands to take 100 MB in the memory.
FB Android is getting better now.
Every time I try to download it won't download even when I'm in good WiFi or any WiFi please Fix!!!!
Nice
Facebook is a mess of NSA experimentation, poor ad targeting algorithms, and the app is  misleading disk space, 23 mb quickly fills up to 300+ mb without ever really using the app. Constant battle with facebook is over, uninstalled.
V good
These is nice Facebook
Gud
Very good. But do not show picture.
Rwally slow doesn't ever load timeline in order of most recent when this button is pressed
Good app
Crashes more then an old lady driving a fuckin sports car.
wtf
need more improvement...
Good
Like it needs to update like every day and takes wayy too much memory 
Lag everywhere
Y in the app store it says 7.5 mb then after download its 42 mb total siz??
I loooooove it
So far so good
please fix the force close. It always freezes and it always make my internal memory out
Facebook is facebook and it will always be facebook.
niceeeee
News feed is 12 hours behind sometimes need to bring back the most recent option!
It is faster..helpful and is easier to control then chrome
Superm
Pleas give a downloading option for videos
Nyc
Wrost
this my enjoy things we chat with all my friend and free call i love it
Gud app
enjoy facebook
Hello
it had been 10 mins the app has nt jst started to download and i has to  wait for how plss can u xplain plsss
Kashinath maity
I hate Facebook now because I will try for download but not download in Galaxy s. Why?
It's not that bad
Love d way it is
Nange kandamary
Awesome App :'D
App to large
Munaf patel
Galaxy s3 mini
Sometimes its forces close.
Nice app
I went to click on it last night and it went straight to Instagram!! I'm not saying I don't like instagram but I do need to check my facebook once in a while! Get it fixed please!!!!!  
I love facebook!
So bad....!!!!
Superb
Good
I follow all steps
This app are very fastly and nice
Bangladesh
New version dosn't download
Takes way too much memory
Good for your FB page
Sucks ...............yar this application take too many space and hang mobile and one main pro. Error in updating
Sorry to say but now this app do not do his main function of giving notification. I checked every notification settings but still facing same problem. So please fix this issue in tour next update. Thanks
75% perfect
It's is nice
Nice
I love it
Can't view most recent posts only these so called "top stories" fix it and I will give 5 stars! I've even updated thinking it would change but nooooo
I really loved it
Very nice but virus bugs
Very Good & Better than Instagram! But new update got a bug in Inserting Comment
Very nice
Love facebook
Hate the updated one -_- it sucks
I like this app
Lama
I thought that latest version must be super  fast but it can't open .  Pliz fix it
App still works in the background and shows notifications in the icon even though I have it disabled, plus it drains the battery.
Good
After the latest update, the news feed is kinda messed up, keeps showing posts 10 hours ago instead of the latest ones
Nice
Won't update. Not enough memory problem.
Juss ok.. takes lot of time..
Please fb. When i changed my cover photo and i want to set to "only me" but it has no privacy. Please do it. I give 5 star
elokk
Wont let me watch videos . And its all the videos on fb please fix . This only happen afther one of the updates .
For chating it is very good
Nice app
Same "what's new" has been repeated for new updates.
Poor!
Good
Coooooool    app.   yaar
Its total a waste of time
5 starts if done: Please app the feature of transferring the app on micro SD card..
Like
Rating
Very nice!!!!ilove it
Fix the news feed problem please
Awesome larq

Facebook is a neat website
Very bad
This newer version is crap. Keeps freezing stopping. I write tell them about it but nothing. Its doing it now more and more.just tired of it. Wish i could go back to the older version. Until it works better on my phone 1 is all you get.


This app will take up 70MB including data and the application, and that would be fine of I could just move the app to my memory card so it won't take up my phone's limited space. Until that option is available, my rating won't go up.
Super apps
like it
Phirrrrr having virus
YES SO GOOd
Liked it
Somehow  good! The problem is in uploading a photo! So fix that
Fix bugs first.
32.708487,74.232825
Cannot use my menu button. Cannot comment. Cannot write a status!!
Love this app!!
I Love It Now You Fix The Bugs
Bit slower otherwise 5 star
Gud
I like it very much
It's a good app but i can't save photoes from my profile to my device why ? .. but i can save it from the news feed !! .. i want a solution please.
Would be 5 stars if we can sort the news feed to most recent first, and the app is causing too many wakelocks in background.
Luv this
why cant i download this app into my own phone? ive tried for about 4 days to try to install & a small message pops up saying this package is invalid. Please check this problem.
BISHNOI

It is best app of social app.
love and romance
Works like leopard
That Facebook cares about your privacy, remember you're the product.
Krish
Very slow surfing
I think this is good
When I updated it.... it started to stick alot
Thanks
Sangat bagus
I love it
My news feed keeps repeating the same thing over and over
McC
This is no good it sucks and it blocks me from liking my friends statuses when click to many likes the app blocks you entirely the app really sucks freezes and everything
BoompanesXc
It's really slow
needs more memory
Nice.
Well facebook tried.. But the app is kind of hard to look at.. Doesn't feel like the good old fb.
gets the job done
Facebook is Awesome app....
Laog
anni luce indietro a ci¨° che dovrebbe fare un'app UFFICIALE e decente
2 things still giving me problems! If u upload videos amd tag it failed to upload from phone! 2nd when u upload any pics or video u shoudl have Options all photos and video together or show as they are in folders rather than all together, take forever tp find pictures!
Awesome
Its okay
Whenever i try to open the app it just crashes even when im not using it says it stopped a already uninstalled it and reinstalled and i just says error
It eats space too. Much
very nice
Iloveyou
Slow, to much force close,is getting better
Very very us full apps
Cukup.melalaikan bg yg tak jaga had dan batasan berFB
Slow. With 290MB RAM, Facebook App is really slow on my HH (Gal Y GT-S5360)
Why is facebook keep kicking me out....why why why??? (Angry)
Good
Every thing is fine in this version. I like it
Love dis app for communicating with my family and friends.
It would have been 5 stars but I cannot play videos. I have to install facebook video downloader in order to play it. Fix please! Im using Acer iconia tab A110
Awesome
Largest app on the phone. Needs to be moveable to sd card, but the developers never listen.
The news feed is always 48 hours old and doesn't update anymore. Everyone should use Fast instead. Its so much better.
Works great again 
813 w bishop st santan ana c a  92701
Excellent
Excellent app
Every video I'm trying to play it says "sorry this video cannot be played" while the videos in browser version play just fine.  FIX THIS!
I like
I have downlaoded way heavier apps and with still 11 GB left it says low storage
I feel like heaven at fb
Nice application to touch with friends still improvement is necessory
Hey guys

Lord
Love it :-)
It works when you need it too, I suppose.
Baibal book
average
Nice experiance to use it
Grt
But it is having a speed problem
Good
Awsome
Great
Good
Gud
I like facebook
Always Been BadAss
it takes alot of RAM . . Do something. . .!
Why there is no option to turn off Auto video playing at all ? It slows down browsing speed and decrease phone RAM . I understand Facebook are running to increase their traffic rate. But consiren us in your futures plans.. plz.
Update update update pls .. samsung tab 7.0 plus .. july 19, 2014
Awesome
It feels so irritated when u try to open an app you wasted your time n resource to purchased frm app store but still cnt use it. When I try t open this app it jx freezes n later it'll appear on my screen "force close" it's so so disgusting n very very poor network in the world now.
Recently I've had my own personal issues with facebook, so now I only like it for a few reasons & DO NOT LOVE IT!!!
Bast
Great way to catch up with family and friends..
Requires high speed connection.. Waste of time....
Facebook
After downloading the app. It is showing unknown error install-24. What is the solution to install the facebook application.
Bloody useless will not let me full access and keeps saying unable to retrieve throwing me out pmo!
Rfak
Love this app its easy to use and a great way to keep in contact with family and friends that are close and far away especially like that you can call and video chat
Tak lepas lepas download ni pehal
Not working properly
Panes!
It eat my storage and RAM very much
Nice one
Facebook, facetime I'm liveing in awesomeness
It's too slow.. Nn even requires a lot memory.. It olso hangs the fone!
This app crashes more than a doper on the way down! Everything is out of order, half the time I can't update my status or check in. Pictures don't display properly and this app is beyond slow.PLEASE FIX I'm begging you seriously....7-18-14 another update! Huh. This app is the biggest app on my phone now I can't keep dealing with this.
Should give copy-paste option for text....
Have some fun
Won't post statuses. Comments take hours to go through. Shares don't ever work and when they do they are blank. Stop breaking the app every time you try and fix something. Multi billion dollar social media site and you can't even properly develop an Android app.
I hate it!! What's with the extra cam?? If I'd wanted it, I'd have d/ld it! It wont let me share pics like I could before. Keeps force closing and its totally messing up my regular camera!! Im totally about to UNINSTALL this app completely!
Samsung Galaxy tab3
But i cant install..... huhu
Giena
Half the time I want to share a photo it will just fail to attach it. Many times I get errors trying to like something that is a story of someone commenting on something else. Hard to find and use news freed by latest. Rubbish app!
Saya suka sangat cuba la kalau tak rugi
since the new update ive been having issues loading pictures and videos and the profiles seem to be blank
Nice it.
nt gud...
Now the largest app on my phone. Need to be able to move this to the SD card. Come on fb make it movable
Realy awesome
Can't see anything in my feeds
Nathan
Best
bullshit
it crashes every single time i click on massage icon to read my messages. SG2 no rooted.
Wahyudi
I like it so much
I can't see the emoji's that I post on android 4.2.2
Worst worst worst
Its almost 2 hours when I start downloading this but still in 1%.g  sucks.
Facebook mobile sucks.
Brilliant finnaly a version  tht works
It is just simply awesome
Can't even use this update, crashes all the time and it won't even open. DO NOT install this crap.
Complete rubbish, always fails after taking tooo long to even open. Dont waste your time. Doesnt even deserve that one star.
Malik
Very great app. I love it
Very good application for connecting with my childhood friends.
Covers much more storage than othe apps reduce it
What tha fu.....k...it auto closes in new feeds in the mid..plz fix it...
Crap!
Can't see the pics.gotta uninstall then re install. Same problem again. You would think that this app wouldn't have any problems.
Good
It's nice app
Connected to friend whatever a place just click and connect
Good app and great features
Very very good
Can't download direct videos
It works well
Its alright
I download it and its only 7mb and now its 60mb
Constant problems with refreshing always says error can't reload page also so much lag and please make the main news feed most recent
Good
It has started freezing constantly after the last update, this is the only app on my phone that seems to have a problem.
I like to use Idownloade it
Good....
Please update!
Facebook Chat
Please make it so when I choose photos I can actually select albums from my gallery! I have to constantly search through my photos one by one in my camera roll
Fast and easy
It's Facebook..
Whenever i try to open the app it just crashes even when im not using it says it is not responding or something like that
Occupies too much space! Worst
OveR
awsme
Fast
Great
It's awesome .. haha :3
M
Hindi ako maka bukas basta full na ang memory it wil force close pls fix it
Nice
Excellant
Can't share photos to a page that I own or groups I am in - why not?
Facebook
Whenever I Am Scrolling Its Auto Close My Facebook And Im Using The Galaxy S2
Good
Not working
Update
Hemawati
Fant¨¢stica
Dawnloam
Need more improvements.
Pictures will not upload with the Galaxy Tab 3
When I enters password always its says password is wrong I am chang so many password
Excellent.
Changelogs exist for a reason.
Crashing every time I use it. We don't need to see videos on page we should have to click it to view the video. It seems like that is the problem.
It wont let me sing in with my old address and now it wants me to prove who I am with my drivers license id that is private info yes I know there is more than one person but I still should be abke to use what pic I want and because I change my password at least 1 month.
Good application
Fine
Love it!
Everyone want MOST RECENT POSTS...not top stories..please update to fix it youll get more stars guaranteed!
Good
So easy
Vary good apps
Great as always
Good
Everytime I open facebook it says I can't load notifications even when I have strong net
Not impressed this feature has been removed :-(
Outstanding app
Great now even my most recent doesn't work.  Sort it out
But is not have khmer language
Mikes Barbershop
Super apps
very good
#hatethisupdate

The FB app was bad before, but after the newest update it's absolutely useless. Doesn't load any videos or pictures at all. Just going to uninstall and sign in via browser. Get it together Fb.
Xcellent app
when you press accept app permissions, youre allowing facebook to take pictures of you without your permission, you allow them to record you without your confirmation, and they can even make phone calls without your confirmation
It stops running after a few minutes and tells me Facebook has stopped for  unknown reasons
Facebooks whateverr but the app works, and that's all that matters!...right?
Nice
Want to chat with friends.... its good, design is good too, i loved it
Its a good app i got alot of freinds its helpful.
Awesome
Gr8 apps
ths app ws nice
But still drains the battery on my Sam,htc and iPhone.
Sagor
(Y)
Its very useful
Crashes
:)
You need to fix the pictures issues. The new update is so bad . When I choose to upload a picture, it won't let me to pick up the pictures from every folder but it gives me all the pictures on my gallery and it takes me 20 minutes to find the picture that I'm looking for. You need to fix this issue or I will get rid of your app
Slow slow fuck off this
I easily use it. Keep up the good work ^_^
Keeps me up to dated with my friends and families
Yeah
Processer very slow
I had a great experience wth this.. this is just excellnt app.
Facebook
is long
No Why
This new update has significantly slowed up my phone. Images are not loading and posts from 2 days ago repeatedly show up in my feed. Not a fan fb
Getting freezed 100 times . Hating it .please solve this issue
thanks
Sanju
time pass
Does what its supposed to do, no more no less.
Blocking apps entirely is cumbersome, (like BitStrips), video uploading can have issues, and the photos sometimes have trouble loading. I'm on a 30Mbps internet with Wireless N-300 on a 2013 Nexus 7. Also, most emoticons simply don't exist like they do on the browser. Speed however is faster than using Chrome for the browser site, and getting to updates is painless. Almost there, just need a little tweaking and global features as a standard.  [Edit] New layout blows, pictures randomly have trouble loading even though I can still watch HD video no problem. Same issues as before that I also listed.
AAIZHAVAD LAI BHARI AAHE
If it could load faster and quicker then I will surely give a full star thank you anyway
This app HORRIBLY slowed my device...after uninstalling it, the problem was solved.
its hard to open i use wifi already and my wifi is ok but still to much hard to open it,,,my notifications are not loading i want to see the latest updates of my notifications but its not loading also my newsfeeds are the same,,,pls fixed it so that i give 5 stars,,,,
Perfect....
Good and fb is our part of life so we expect more frm mobile app. This app exits on my device when scrolling long time then aftr hav to scrol all along thats the worst
Cantek..
My stress reliever.
I
Every person that commonted has something negetive to say not nothing bad something good u should always think posotive or just think how u want to think
This application is a ram hog! Seriously as soon as you turn your phone on the application starts and takes 40mb! Were not all rich and can afford phones with 3 gigabytes of ram! Most us have more than just the Facebook application on our phone! Your application needs to be more efficient!
Its no more working yar facebook isnt responding at all
Social media
what the hell? i cannot open messages in this app. it let me to messenger. :@ i always download stickers but they disappear when i need them. i have to download again and again, fix it. slowest app, stop that daily updating the app :@ also reduce its size
I don't like it at all -_- ... Ppl going front Facebook is coming back
Very bad
Latest version works great. Translate option would be great for foreign languages. Please consider adding this to the mobile app as well.
That
Good JOB
Please fix it!! Very disappointed!! Eventhough I have reinstall!!
Nice
I updated fb on my phone yesterday and now it keeps crashing.
Don't see any problems on my Galaxy S4. Try re-installing it. Sometimes it helps.
Refresh system vry bad its take more times..
Loved it
Shaman!oo7
Yea, the new version sucks more. Don't belive this old version bull. 23 mb download 13 upload from my phone connected to wifi and it takes 30 minutes to get my feed to show. This is from a Note 3. You wouldthink a phone that prevelent someone would test. Get some new software testers. Can't like anything from the mobile app. Smooth. TWO WEEKS NOW STILL NO FIX.
What an apps!
facebook is getting slower. plz make it faster
I will not give even one star,  why we can't do reply to any comments. This update had beed done for iphone but for android mobiles it's still.  Many update but for nothig .
I'm loved it
<3 <3 erii birii
Nileshdudhane
Lags a lot..
Love i
Facebook
I love facebook
3
Communication
So, it's ok now. No more bugs and just little lag problems that can be handled. But the graphic needs improvement. Like, use circular display pictures and other features. Just saying :)
Good
Updating pretty much every week and never giving a new log of what is being updated because the "What's New" info is the same as at least two updates ago! We all know how sneaky Facebook is so tell us what's changing each time like everyone else does.
The updated version of this app takes more memory to install, or not enough memory issue. After installing it hangs the cell, it might support phone whose RAM is more than 1 gb.
Love
Ok I only have YouTube on here and there is no space for this STUPID app
Show Error code 961 every time I installed the updation of Facebook
I have to keep updating this App every week. Chill the hell down. Just leave it alone for a while. You barly change a thing.
For Fb fan.
Its awsome docial network
Absolutely horrible! Developers shoulda left well enough alone. Wish I could get back the old version! Don't get messages until days later, if that, recent feed is hidden amongst everything else which is under one button, there's so much more! The old facebook I would much rather have. This one SUCKS! Way to screw up a good thing and continue to screw it up more with every update! Bravo...NOT!
Awesome
New updated clashed at about 5 sec after open the app
It is my loved it
Too big. Needs too much to start or run
But do I really need to know what friends of friends said on other people's posts?
Excellent
Runs really slow needs to be fixed
nice
Tae to!
When I m opening in my HTC Wildfire S, the app make my screen black and always force close... Developer pls fix it ASAP..
Loved this facebook
THE BEST UPDATE SO FAR!!!!
Because you
This app couldnt download
Has many probs in this app
Flava flav yeahhh boyeee
TERA PYAR CHAHIDA
Can't edit the status update I have just posted. This was on nexus 5.
I lov to use fb, but when I update I,googleplay request to accesss all my private stuff, what the ____
Dear Facebook, let me use Facebook the way I want to. I do not like TOP STORIES, I prefer MOST RECENT. But you all have made it inconvenient to get most recent news feed.
Good 1
I need the reply to comments option.
Make it useful please
Nice
It's not responding
I like application Facebook
Cookies
Plss fix it, i cnt play a video n i dk y.
I Love this app
Messages and information on family and friends.

Tang inang application!
Facebook takes access to everything you have. I rather using browser!
No problems till now..
Ni nzuri ni safi ni poa kama marekebisho yatafanywa hasa katika muonekano wa timeline na kuweka mfumo mzuri wa kutafuta marafiki. Please work on it
I love the Facebook app. It makes everything so much quicker and easier it's AWESOME !!!!!
thank you for FB ,, you always keep me in your storage ,, love your service ,, best best
Always dc
Sitawah ETAWAH
It runs to slow..loading, loading, loading...you have to wait for about 5-8 minutes before it will open..can you make it Easier to load it..tired of waiting...
Oooo wooww
Before update superb but after update its just okkk......  I want old Facebook app back...
Sadamali

The latest build removed the calendar sync with my phone. Could you please bring this back.
Nyaw nyaw
Niceeee
Hate that I have to scroll down and select Most Recent each time!  Also, app is very unstable, keeps on freezing and closing down....a lot of the time I just don't bother....more aggravation than anything else!!!
Excellent
Soooo good app for chating
Hey
I love facebook you will post or anytimes you want
Good
i wish i was able to use my cell # for 2 facebooks even if it is under a different email address
Too goo
This app is terrible for viewing your newsfeed on a nexus 10.  Love fb but if this app had more of a card-like layout similar to g+ it'd be so much better.
Facebook
I <3 thiz application but will give 5*. If it can show my Mobile model for every updatez n commentz i make!!!! ThanQ!!!
Loved it
I just love this app!!!
It's fb.... Pretty cluttered now-a-day's but it works for me.
Nic
Sometimes when I press on a video to watch, it tells me an unknown problem occured while playing the video. Please fix for 5 stars.
A+
Error video
Gud app
Chairman&M.D.
Fab. app
Can't open videos
Nice
I absolutely love love love this app,  works great!!!!!!
been out for a while but its still got ppl using it
Very good
Can't post pics in comments & I want most recent. Not posts from several days ago.
Closes force closes it self everytime I open the application! Uninstalling!  For Galaxy Nexus
new update is better
Nice to play
It's awesome
What is this
Getting better! Just hope we can view all photos!
Doodle
Nice way to access
Gotta start allowing .gifs
Facebook is Awesome app....
It's amazing.
§®§à§Ò§Ú§Ý§î§ß§Ñ§ñ §Ó§Ö§â§ã§Ú§ñ §ã§Ñ§Û§ä§Ñ §Ô§à§â§Ñ§Ù§Õ§à §å§Õ§à§Ò§ß§Ö§Ö §Ú §Ò§í§ã§ä§â§Ö§Ö §ï§ä§à§Ô§à §Ô§Ñ§Ó§ß§Ñ. §¯§Ö §ä§â§Ñ§ä§î§ä§Ö §ã§Ó§à§Ú §ß§Ö§â§Ó§í. §°§Ò§ß§à§Ó§Ý§Ö§ß§Ú§ñ §ä§à§Ý§î§Ü§à §Õ§à§Ò§Ñ§Ó§Ý§ñ§ð§ä §Ò§Ñ§Ô§à§Ó
Facebook
Poor
Good app
Krishnaveni_d80@yahoo. Com
Can't download the app on PA.
i love facebook its my life
rinaldi
Too slow
Awesome connect with friends and play games.
Great job
Slow Stuck S....
Love it so much thanks
Me
Luv this app so much... <3
So fast. Better tham web browsing. Very easy uplood
Ok
Head of the Friendship
Nice app
Good
My news feed only contains Top Stories. I wanna change it to Most Recent like on the web but I dont know wheres the option
everytime i finish a posted video...
I like at
Actually we want that we just upload several pixs and facebook automatically post them after 15 mins .i know that there is a feature of auto schedule but in it u have to schedule every post individually rather than auto after given time . Do replyy  thanks
Excellent
Sharma
Easy to use..
This app gets worse and worse with each update nothings loads, my feeds won't refresh please fix
this app sucks.worst update of fb android app....uninstalling
Drains battery too much . So low ratings
Rip la
Chaiu
always force close.!
The best. App Hmmm
Plz fix the problem of playing videos .
Not good bt not bad also thikthak app
This is bullshit ,? I cant updat? Why?
Performs well.
Very good
Why there is that much of updates and there is no changes at all ,plus it's too slow
Constantly crashes within 1-2 mins of using it
Very good
Alway not respondng,
Ponnam sudhakar
Good and nice app
it crashes often
Wat ever
I'm hapyy
I love this app but Facebook is getting old
Excellent
Big pimpin
Awesome it's new and cool
Its a good app........
Its want full netwrk to sarve this
the facebook app wrks gud..wrks smooth and fast as well..my nlu prblem being u cannot copy the words of the status..
Why this app take much memory space on device?
The upgrate for my phone didn't come yet... I'm waiting forever for it
I cannot comment why is this! I can absolutely win in a comment contest of a good pixelart! the problem is cannot post comment! I hope this update will work! I will put five stars if you fix this and i appreciate you if it will work. Thank you. ^_^
facebook
Bad
Since I updated, my screen freezes every time one of those automatic videos comes along. I try to pass by them and it won't let me do anything. It gives me the message that, "face book is not responding, would you like to close it?" Frustrating!
Poor update  Cant like to use facebook
Movisxxx
Gud
Has been a lot slower.
The new updates r gud!!!!
Time wasting
Gets the job done but heavy on resources.
nice
GOOD APP
Raj
Super...new fb
I would like to see "Most Recent" not popular. And it takes up to much space. Just for me to have snapchat and kik, I gotta uninstall Facebook. This junk is stupid.
Good app
GET IT NOW
Simply the best#
Love it
Facebook
The new update design is good but it randomly get freezed on SM-N900 (Samsung Galaxy Note3 Exynos) Running Android 4.4.2
Good
Shut the he'll up
Keeps freezing and when i go to open the app after, it wont even open.....i shouldnt have updated it.
Complete bullshit it was good until my mom knew I had it I was 17
Interesting
I enjoy keeping up with my friends stories!
ihate this app so much!!!
Note 3
I love facebook a little
Worked great until the last update. ...now constantly freezes my phone to the point I have to restart.
I REFUSE to update to the newest version of facebook because of how TRULY AWFUL it has become(9 out of the 10 people who I talked to who have the newest version told me all about how horrible it's become and most of them have uninstalled it all together - & I'm not far behind). The whole new INVASION OF PRIVACY issue - THE SPYING & LISTENING to users PERSONAL LIFE & INFORMATION is absolutely APPAULING -  FACEBOOK IS no doubt going to become a thing of the PAST unless it MAKES SOME MAJOR CHANGES!!!! 
What's the update for? Same as usual there's no changes.
Its completely slow now. I don't know why. I got a new phone and an amazing service from my carrier. But this app takes an eternity to load any page. It wasn't like that before!
Needs a MAJOR update for android.1.picture comments 2.customize who sees your posts by name 3.constant freezing
all of the ratings below.
It's running great love it thank you I have no problems everything works great wonderful app
Jimmie : it good but I wish I could log in and out of Facebook Messenger as  I can regular Facebook ,
Sorry but you need to fix your bugs
People im each others bessness
Nice
App
Working good...
Lag
Very clean Ul. Faster loading and easy navigation makes it cool....
1.takes too much storage and ram! 2.Video playback is awful it doesn't load 3.can't save some pictures cause the save button is hidden under the "comments and likes" button 4.can't share photos (have to upload them)¡­ the list goes on SPECIALLY THE PART WHEN THEY KINDA FORCE YOU TO DOWNLOAD MESSENGER!
I got so used to always visiting facebook through the app I didn't realize how much I was missing, it's actually got more if I log on straight through the internet on my phone rather than the app. The little characters you make with symbols to make faces and critters and all don't work either.. And I'm on galaxy 4 so a good phone
Need to fix the video support, damn video's keep freezing and stopping by themselves, if i open the video enough it might play and its costly and very annoying. Also why does the news feeds auto refresh when i am still busy reading a story it just jumps to the top by itself. Please look into this and fix!!!!!!
I love this
Facebook my favorite pastime
Omg dis is..wow
Wow
i cant even download it !! :(
Love love
It sucks that we're stuck this privacy intruding battery hog, but Fb has just about squashed all 3rd party apps.
verry nice
:))
He fellow Facebook is one amazing. Social media and is for ages 13 and higher I hope y'all will enjoy 
Now that I've updated, none of the pics show up in my feed!
aus
Oke
I would like to be able to see the most recent statuses instead of top stories,, it's very annoying
great
But it take lots of time to load a photo.. Damm that's what i hate pls fix it well
Oops
love it
Notification can't appeared
Good
Non of a single video can be fully watched on my Xperia Z2, it keep prompt error message. hopefully this problems can be fixed asap.
Love it :}
Facebook is very good app friends
Constantly updating and now it won't even update to my phone steady saying insufficient starage I have more than enough on my phone... Getting ready to delete this app! Complete Bulls**t!!
Nice...perfect
This is best
Good
Happy
Worse, it sucks! >:/
Id verification ? Thats none of your business
4,10!
Great app
It is so efficient it works all the time it doesn't glitch
Love this app
Its okay...
Because of this i can surf and chat to my friends
Ok

This latest update sucks!!! I can't tag people I'm already friends with in my posts! Fix this and it will be 5 stars.
Connecting with the ones I love that are close and far away! But I don't know if its my phone or what thats not letting me download it.
awrsome apps
Ultimate
Though is it just me or does the news feed not display in recent order?
I love
I have a Low End Phone and it has only 190mb Memory.. And this facebook app is consuming about 85+mb on my internal memory..So Please keep in Mind that thre are people using Low End Devices..u need to optimize it on Some Low End Phones.. Please ..
nanarkar
lags to download 
excellent
This app works better than useing google
I love my friends
But there is something  which I will tell you if you tell me how to contact you I forgot wat it was
Wouldn't work and kept freezing my phone when it decided to work
Cool app.
MOST RECENT OPTION!!!!
Nice
INDIGO EVENTS  KOLKATA
I Don't like the update -_-
What is this pending post crap on my page! Everytime I click it, it can't be losses. 
Good App
It will be good ir you can add picture comment in this app I really hope it soon :)
Nice
Maharaj
Since the last major software update, the app fails to load feed updates as it normally should, and now when I try to log in it gives an error message. Hope the app will be fixed soon!
Jyoti garg
the best app
News feed and pics are not loaded after new update... Please fix it soon..
Are you ever going to go back to allowing users to choose the order of their own newsfeed?  If not, I will be switching to twitter. Used to love facebook.
It should be less data consumption
For sucking facebok
Love it
Good
Wats ups my queen oldy
Recommen
Update karna band kar idiot kitni baar update dega tereko koi aur kaam dhanda nahi hai kya??
Video is not working in Sony Xperia ultra
Robin Docter
The way facebook used to be like giving us the option of how we did everything was better, some people aren't lazy to the point where they can't change newsfeed
I do not like this last update at all!
Why does it need so many permissions? Why does it need to read my texts, see my phone calls, and edit my contacts?
My favorite app
My doll
Great
Horrible! Slow slow slow......hopeless app!!
Kunchipally
Love this app!!!!!!!!
Better whith new update! Cliq
Please make it smaller, cause 22mb is too big for me, fix this and I'll give 5 stars.
very nice application I love it
Not Much
Love it
Nice

U
WTF ?
Beast
App crashes all the time,no most recent options,no notificatons
Can you make it a little smaller? I mean make this app have a small memory, Facebook app almost eat all of my memory on my cellphone so I can't download another app. Please make a solution for this.
Awsome app ... Anything share very fast ... Not a single problem ...
siiippp
NEGROSERIAS es el Mejor
You all control the ppl we see in our timeline. Not cool. We are tired of seeing old posts!!
J

So bored . . .
G application
Loved it using
love so muchhhh
Good
Good
Hmmmm..ok
Facebook facebook facebook facebook facebook facebook facebook facebook facebook facebook facebook facebook facebook facebook facebook facebook facebook facebook facebook
g@long
Easy to  chat wth frnds
Nice
Fix the time line it should all be in order it's not be scattered all over
add life event box in the timeline please facebook....thankz....forever facebook:-)
Awesome
Good
App
I love fb
Serious issue with seeing any pic. Shows that it's downloading but never shows up. I've tried restarting to no avail.
For some reason I am unable to open my timeline review now so I have all kinds of pending posts what's going on!
To heavy memory. it takes up to 40 MB . to much waste my memory please fix this. i dont wanna hate Facebook cause the memory
Great App!!
DONT WORK
nice facebook
Gud
When we click on call option it is always coming to. every body like...."u cant make cal to this person right know''"why sir plz fix it and older facebook was so good it was only 8 to 9 mb..and at that time we can easy cal to any body..know new.  Version is verh bad but fast...why we cant calll...
Nice
Needs to be faster & easier to load. Takes forever to download , this app needs more improvement please !
Awesome app
Every time I click on my Facebook icon instead of taking me straight to Facebook it takes me straight to Google Play store where I have to open it there. Slow.
Keep up the good work people. Best Social Networking App to date period !
Over 5 stars!
Before i gave it 4 stars. Now im changing it to 1 star. Cuz em sick off unknown error occured on every vdo i play! Bullshit. Simply bullshit!
Love that app cz it give me more information of sites and add people that u know 
All people love fb and that is a apps where all work in one so,, downlode this......
Hey Facebook! Why do you need to know where I'm at and also be able to look at my pics and texts? I thought "Big Brother" was science fiction!? I guess not.. Also hey guess what? I'm taking a crap right now.. But I bet you already know that.. Get your head out your butt Douchenberg! Before Facebook becomes the next MySpace "obsolete."
Error saving pictures on Facebook -_-
What the f*** ??? Whats wrong with the permission ? Why do u want to control my  phone ? Permission to use my microfon ? Maybe u want to get to my bed as well ? Kill yourself big b.
This app takes way to much room...my phone wont even download it any more...wow is all I can say like I love Facebook but if its gone be like this then bye bye....please make it more reasonable
12/24/11Hate the latest update more than the last, plus its ugly 1 star....Well now it's years later my review is going to change a bit, liked the new ui, but it has been force closing since the most recent update my phone may not be top of the line but it's android 4.2 i believe

Your last update removed items from my " Likes" page, and will not allow me to add new likes. Your updates are a farse . And my reports go unheeded. Any further suggested updates will be disregarded.
Can't you make facebook more better like Feeling just like we online using computer
After the new update all ut does is freeze galaxy s4 plus the layout sucks big time
Love it
It's improving
Awesome :-)
Why can't I play videos? It says something has occurred. Wtf
The best app for all generations
Very good
I love this app
Love this
It Say 22mb but when I down load it. It shows 30+ More mb terrible stop updating everyday!
Updates too much and i see no difference
The biggest funniest communication
Awesome
I love it, I am on it every day... It would be better to get some improvements like to download the videos from the post like before..
Great app....waiting for a better update...great work.
If you are a facebook user this app is a must have for your mobile device.
Its horrible this stupid update doesn't let you play videos don't update it!
Very great use to stay connected on travel
When you open the app through the widget it still reverts to the old news feed instead of the new one.
There is always error in downloading news feed.I don't like this version.The older version before this is very good.
Turn off notification doesn't work and sorting by most recent shows everything but what is recent.
Love it also its fun
As soon as I open app people notice I went online. Put an offline button. I dont always want to talk u know.
Suber20201@Yahoo com.
If this software copy past available then best software
I know the colors are blue and white, its too much of it. Top and bottom icons.  I think it's tweaked too much.
I can't go on Facebook it says there's an error and I have no internet connection and to try again later when I have internet please fix this issue
This app helps me keep up with talking to my friends that are around 
Kindly add "Page tagging" option..
Latest update crashes upon opening.
Not so bad.....
Look Up...
World
Still one star... Update useless needs to have most recent by default still... july 18, 2014
The new app sucks. The share feature doesn't come in all the way.
Another update and still doesn't load anything on my.news feed.this app sucks major dick right now and its been 2 updates and still no fix of the loading bullshit.
Got the latest update and now I'll only scroll down a bit on my news feed, stop, and then shut down...it's really effing annoying. Please fix or I rather use the old one which doesn't have the same features with the smiley faces but I can at least use it...unsatisfactory
Seriously people I update it almost everyday, it's so frustrating..
Osm
Is make chating easier 4 me
Excellent app
Shameem. TERARS. RANI KI SARAI.CHAK SETWAL.AZAMGARH.     Very good.very nice.very best. Ful  chuwais.
Excellent app but a litlle slow
Stupid refeshment..
what a bitter sweet world it is in here..
Thats what new updates deserve ;-)
I like it :) I would suggest that should also try downloading it too!
The new update is okay, but it's missing a lot. I don't like that I can't change the feed to most recent. I have to go to a different menu and even than it doesn't make it permanent. Put it in the app settings on how you want your feed to show up (most recent or top stories).
Fb app is not letting me upload photos. This is one of the main functions of Facebook sharing with family. Fix or uninstalling
But it is ok
It's great
Need some improvements in options like the disable notification for posts
It's very good :D
Wtf happened to mu facebook page!
Ever since the new update I can't see my profile,other profiles, notifications, my newfeeds,& if it does update its from three days ago. I have uninstalled the app then reinstalled it then even resetted the phone, reinstalled the app again it still doesn't work.All my other apps update fine, I don't see why Facebook won't. Please fix this.Might have to go back to MySpace days lol .
Because it make me happy.
Description Dawg !
E
I like Facebook. It's a fun way to talk to friends. But messager keeps freezing up.
If videos don't work, DO NOT JUST UPDATE, videos will still not work and you will have wasted data. Uninstall Facebook then download the newest version. Videos hopefully work for you now. This is for Samsung Galaxy S2 users.
Not relatable
Its a nice app but sometimes hangs up plz fix some bugs tnx
The app closes out various times, also the application will not allow me to play videos saying that there has been an error opening the video up. This would have been fine if it happened only maybe a couple of times but it has to come to a point we're I cannot open a video without it automatically closing out
I u76n .ua
not bad it ok to me
Before i download the last update, my facebook always crash with the android system..facebook sometimes closed it self and my tab 2 suddenly restart by it self....i hope u can add the item for add location when i want to check in my location..why there is no add location?
Facebook has stopped -.-"
Nice
Love it
Love it. Any app that I can use to download a video from fb for samsung galaxy grand quarto
New changes r good :-)
It dont work for mine iy just says no WIFI sucks
Awsome
Not sure if these "updates" are worth it...I no longer have any idea what controls the content on my news feed...
Alright Alright Alright
Haven't been able to receive any notifications
Loveeeeeee this app
Just keeps getting bigger in space every upgrade. Wish it could go on the S D card.
Suggestion....It would be nice to have an option of being able to post pictures without having your family or friends tag themselves and share them. Some kind of block
I just updated (on my DROID X2) & now it won't even open.  It force closes and freezes my entire phone.  Way to go, Facebook.  Your mobile app is about as awesome as your site itself.  Fix it.
Still doing great just don't get some of my friends claim they don't know me and thus a warning from you.
Good
Bug fixes
All my apps mess up because FB has to shut down at least 3 times while im on it.... it just gets worse and worse with this app
K
Cannot approve things on my timeline. This just started today. Fix it.
Amazing
Crashing all the time. -,-
Not leg
U can do everything on the new and improved Facebook
fabulous app....
From time to time, I have to tap Like twice if I wanna like something.  Tapping only once, the screen  will just bounce away and nothing happens. This is so frustrating!!! I'm using LG G2.
You can't see the photo album's of any one. Not even the relationship status, work place and many more, well I hope you can have a better view with difficult browser, and even the news feeds are clear and big. I hope you come up  same like the page of androids default browser
Hm . you need to improve it . thanks :)
Add the option to change news feed to most recent. Hate top stories!
I love browsing my home feeds and my timeline as well. I just only wish that I could able to set my who's gonna see my post in customs like on web I can choose 2 or more between my list. All in all was great!
This is the best i can share all my photos.MUST DOWNLOAD
Good app
i just would love to check the notifications just once without the app shutting down automatically as they load!
Great app to get social
Stagnating
keeps freezing on my Samsung galaxy S2 and it is getting really annoying, only since the last two updates. fix it and i'l rate it better
... Lol
Its getting better
This app its useable not a bad app
I dont like the new updated look!! And if i dont want to update it so i dont!! "You are using an outdated version.... Please update to a new and destroyed version" Thanks for telling me that...!! :/
I would have given this 5 stars, however it is defaulted the news feed to stories Facebook think I'm interested in. Why can't I choose? Ok I get that some people want this but I don't, I want my news feed to default to latest first.
It take Alot of My phone Memory!iDislike it?its Very Slow
But you can't reply comment :/
When does it UPDATE? You never get answers.
Not good
Since last update I was having ongoing issues with network dropouts with this app. After updating it seems to be fixed and working again
Makes me puke
Enough with the updates already!! Had 2 new updates within 3 days! Is this really needed? Just leave well enough alone already!! REALLY?! Another update!! WTH FB?!
Improves with each update...
It works excellently.
Can you have an option to change the news feed to "most recent" like it was before, instead of having to constantly go to the menu bar? Also, can you add the ability to block game requests on mobile, please.
It takes time to load. Then when it finally open. Gosh iT hangs like it would never want me to use it. It doesnt even function! Make it work! Fix this! Now im using the web instead of the APP! IT USED TO BE A LOT BETTER!!! NOW IT SUCKS!! FIX! AS A MATTER OF FACT! THIS NEVER HAPPEN IN TWITTER! THAT'S WHY PEOPLE ARE LIKING IT MORE.
Super duper
Finally works again thanks to latest update.
i cannot download the app everytime i download it its became error plz fix it......
Keeps frezing my phone time for twiter

<3<3
Love it on it all the time
Good but it takes a long time to download but nevermind
Facebook
App keeps loging me out. I can't use it any more.
Just wrong
It's aight.
I think you should be able to copy & paste in the app, instead of having to type it all out or go off the app & open the browser to do it
Its very convenient. I super love it. But i can't upload photos
videos do not play through the app...well done
Used to be 5 until last 2 updates messed up my phone . Why can't u leave stuff alone.if it's not broke don't fix it. I prefer the facebook that I had about 2 months ago.
I love the app it is totally amazing!!!
Love.it
Why cant news feed be in chronological order ? Suggested posts are stupid.
Facebook
Horrible update. Keeps freezing up
Please fix.... This app keeps freezing... And its so slow!!!!!
awesome
And I'm an addict.
Can contact friends and get a lot of news faster
Good apl.
Much better lately
keep it up
updates. especially when viewing videos
This is a disgusting stuff
Nice
very usefull Facebook wewant to new version, Anil frm india.
Good application now daysfor peoples
Iiiiiiiii loveee it
I lik this facebook
Had been leaving Facebook unupdated because I didnt agree with all the extra permissions it was asking for so you then go and enforce an update, poor form. Uninstalling.
Would you please allow this app to make a free call in all kind of android fon without installing its facebook messenger. I will give you a 5 star if you can do it.
Hot, the hottest
The application is so lite and fast compared to its previous versions. It works pretty decent even when I have slow internet in country side.
Me parece muy lenta y se mantiene cerrando forzadamente...no la puedo ni usar. Muy mala esta aplicacion
I could not reinstall it gets to 100 percent then stops.
Really... I love it. *^¨x^*
Updates
Awsome update
Good
Love demond
Need to fix the newsfeed so that it shows most recent first and gives the option for top stories. It keep switching back to top stories.

I swear Facebook gets worse with every update! Now it won't even play videos! Y'all suck!!!
I Downloaded this app 22mb and when I logged in I saw the memory of this app 78mb THE HECK MEN! Does this app download randomly?
Excellent app
The f****** s***
My feelings for this app go up and down as it updates but its fine for now.
Omg best thing ever:):):):)
It has amazing service
Good
Love ittt
I hate it!!-_-
Thanks yo !
Don't fix what was not broken
Awesome
It won't let me log in
Waste .. update .. update.. there no changes?? ¨r(¨s_¨t)¨q i'll uninstal it if it get more slower.. keep updating without even anyh changes.. low type
Nice app
Awesome...
Bintang 2 saja, untuk JOKOWI JK
walng kwentanf fb ayaw gumana.. ang pangit nyuu..
Stay AWAY from the Oculus Rift, Facebook.
Good
Ho chak
It freezes up
The app itself is fine, its just that it continuously shuts down on me! Can you fix it?
This update is meaningful and good.
ITrip downloading the app download it says oh you can't get this

Don't won't my stuff harder to find.
Becoming memory consuming more n more and slow response on a quad core samsung note 2.
No reply button for comments, why?
Thanks for the update.. everything is great now!
Time pass
This app is so great it allows me to do alot  of things that I want to do
AWSOME
Updates suppose to be better. This is getting worse an uses more memory.stop showing me what u think I want and start showing my friends one more pointless update I'm installing and using my web browser
The interface is better, but are missing options to give user greater control, which is essential.
Now that I've updated, none of the pics show up in my feed!
Crash too often.
Not good at all. Very slow apps.
This app is so slow. I wish I had never updated it. I've had this app over two years & it gets steadily worse. I'm about ready to uninstall it.
What is the purpose of the overly invasive permissions?  Phone calls,  text messages,  photos.... So now I am buying a throw away phone to download this app on that has none of my personal information on it. The newsfeed is bs unless you are on meth or crack because normal people want the newsfeed in order!!!
Not much changes
But i cant Move to Sd card why?
(1) Takes forever to startup even if logged in.  (2) App stops responding every 5 minutes or less. (3) Screen goes grey and then indefinitely crashes every time I try to do anything. (4) Sometimes when clicking into app, it will make me wait five  minutes and says "please wait" and then it goes back to my home screen.. (5) Please just fix it, and STOP updating like crackheads and just leave it!
You've managed to make things so difficult -,- thanks alot!
I have never seen so many updates for a app. Then it is slower and slower videos don't play right. Dang stop updating every other day.
Let me get this straight, I go to my list of friends (that you so thoughtfully sorted for me), and to make it fun, removed the search functionality. Sooo my list of friends is not sorted in any usable fashion plus there is no way to easily find the person I am looking for - awesome work. While I am on the sorting topic, please allow us the users, to determine how we want our timeline displayed!! I am so sick and tired of seeing old posts!!!   P.S. - DO NOT let your brain-trust of "devs" near Oculus Rift!!
Improved, no five star due to privacy issues            -Posted from my Galaxy S5
I love Facebook
Bring back Most Recent for Newsfeed
Good
It won't let me sign in and it makes my phone run slow
I love this
New Update wont let me see anybody's Profile pic,  i cant even see mine.
I love this app
Excellent
I hate the upload photos feature! I have to scroll through all photos on my phone, newest to oldest (there are thousands of them!) to choose the ones i'd like to upload. That's so time consuming & unnecessary! I would prefer to be able to choose from which album on my phone I'd like to select photos from. I also cannot delete comments i make nor can i delete comments others make on my photos.
Great app!
I loved facebook very much
a lot of bugs in this app won't play videos and shows yesterday post on today's news feeds hope it gets fixed sooner then later
Massive bloatware & extremely intrusive
why i cant share with another person? only post to timeline or group
I don't even know why it has to update everyday don't change things people like
I give 2 stars only because every time when I login it always says app not responding...plz fix it
So nice app..
Simple comment : It works very good.
I hope it can be lighter
Like
Tay
Cool app
Nada
Love

GREAT
Can't post, like or share anything!!!!! Why waste time reporting a problem to facebook support cause IT NEVER GETS FIXED..... IT JUST GETS WORSE!!!!! IM SO UNHAPPY WITH FACEBOOK!!!! :-(
It sucks, doesn't play videos, slow too many bugs
Brilliant
Honestly, THIS IS NOT GOING WELL
Why i can't download this app ..so annoying! It says error unknown downloading and installing this app..pls fix this ..thanks!
Itsngood
wetewew
Not bad
Good app
but not the best !!!!!
Crash whenever open it older version is good when set as default option is available. Now its sucks......
Good but not all features...
Love it #^_^#
Coool
Wifi, 4G, that little E symbol when you're in a small town. Every connection works fine for me. Get a newer, non cheap phone. Smooth, fast, and does what it says
Video stops suddenly... Error...u cant make a app widout such errors...???? Fix it...!
Facebook
Problems with watching videos
Lambat n berat...
I don't see why it has to be the biggest app on my phone but mobile web does more. Try shrinking it a little.
The last updates are pretty good.
Cannot set most recent stories as default. UI is still ugly. Come on. Do work and fix it.
Love
Just love it .it keeps me connected to the outside. Since I can't get out that much.
fix it...!!!so annoying
Since last update my phone freezes when I scroll.  Can't open pictures or videos. Can't open comments.
Nice
Facebook
I like facebook
thank u
Keeps connected to damily all over United States,thanks
I ABSOLUTELY HATE that I have to go find the Most Recent tab for my News Feed. I don't care about Most Popular. At least give us a setting to choose.
Facebooks does not need these many permissions!!! Facebook needs to remove so many permissions!!
I would love this app if you fixed all the bugs and quit creating new ones. Sucks on WiFi. Repeats my news feed. Won't load pics. Geez!
This app keeps getting worse instead of better!! It freezes up my phone, doesn't play videos, constantly needs updating. Seriously, wth are you guys doing?!?
I loved it
I love it but why couldnt it be the way it was last time its confusing amd not helpful at all I need the old version back A.S.A.P
Awesome app
Too darn slow!!this is bullshit!! Takes too long to load!!!!
Absurd amount of crashing and force closing and I would love to be using a app that runs like it's at version 12 not in a .001 alpha
One of the best

The new look and feel is way better than the last version
The new update is terrible. I want the original Facebook back. I wish I could give you negative stars.
Need to be more like PC
YeaH!
Good aps
Best one....
This app sucks on the lg viper!!!! It doesn't load and when you scroll down on the news wall it just blinks and goes to a blank page. The pics dnt load and if they do it takes FOREVER!!!! Please fix this, I want my Facebook back
I like the old version muck better.
Mention not working please fix it.
The best
Works
Its great
Terbaik..
Excellent
I honestly hate it. I can't even accept, or send friend requests. I can't upload pictures, and I keep seeing the same posts over and over. Until its fixed, it gets a one.
Latest update is slooooooow pictures don't load
Good App
Its nice
But need to update less
It closes down... a lot. ..
Nice
Don't use it much...
Facebook
Good
Uses an excessive amount of memory; contacts won't sync on Nexus; news feed is never current and full of ads; and permissions are getting ridiculous.
Love it
Shore
Love f b
Has been reliable for the most part in the two years Ive been using the app. Updated last night, now it won't open at all.
Alot of drama
Dum update and that's my opinion ! Uses too freaking many GB
Sucks
Also make some thing that facebook videos will be diwnload
You need to tske action like microsoft. Your new employees are degrading the app day by day. The older versions were much faster and friendly. This one is for noobs, who just get carried away by looks
every day update but still suck
Love it x
Other uses really need to lay-off on the negative comments. Seriously, the updates are getting better, and better! Keep it up
Could be better.
Boobie bacon balls
Starts and stops automatically
But why does it say not enough memory!!!
GOOD APP GIVE A 5 STAR ND MORE ...
Every time I scroll down a video always starts. I don't like that I don't want 2 watch a video I just want 2 scroll down can u please take that out its annoying it just loads & starts the video just hate it.
Is cool
Thanks
Why all the updates??
Silva
Can't go to timeline review when someone tags me in a status. It just says trouble loading... So frustrating!!!
Will not let me download update. Fix it
5 STAR
Excellent
:)
I would a gave it 5 but the new update is all of the place. The old facebook gave you an option to see your timeline from recent post till whenever NOW the dates and times are all over the place!! PLEASE PUT MY TIME LINE IN ORDER. ITS 6 PM N IM SEEING STATUS FROM YESTERDAY MORNING WHEN I FIRST LOG IN!!
This app updates to much and makes my phone stop working.
Great
another update as of 7/17/14 its been almost a yrs since first posted i have comsistantly had ap freeze up every time updated never fixed problems i keep reinstaling every time ita "updated" but fixes arnt happening so irritated 9/18/2013 again its acting up freezing my phone and all day it cant get my feed.... when will you decide to fix this maybe make ap seperatly if need be for differnt manufatures phones etc so it is better for those of us using it
Good
What the hell is behind weekly updates?
Too irritating
Hey facebook os soo alsome you should check it out your self who ever made ot omg rhanks
Very easy to upload pics and videos...:-D
I Think All Of You Are Low Memory Cards Trashes ! Buy High Memory Cards Like 8 Gigabytes !
Good app.
Prop r
Facebook,,,, what are you doing to yourself,,, unable to appear offline?  Statuses from days ago? And that stupid panel on the right? Wtf? And the space your now asking for?  Go back to basics please.
Getting worst .... when upgrading .... I done it upto 178 Mb 
There are two main reasons as to why I am uninstalling this app as soon as this posts. First, this app is the largest memory hog app needing 47MB of memory just to run in the background! Compare that to the second on the list only needing 13MB of memory to run. Second, every time I open this app, I am immediately met with their full screen ad for their useless messenger app ad and there is no way to disable this, so get used to seeing it every time you open the app! Combine this with their video auto play when you scroll past a video (no need to click it, even if you did not want to watch it) and I am utterly disappointed with them. Two years ago, I would have given this 4 stars easy, but I guess Facebook no longer cares about being smart and resourceful on a user's phone anymore.
I keep having to LOG IN after 30min. Please help fix this problem!!! It says session ended, log in again???
Amazing
Cool
Good app
It loads nothing. Wish i could give 0 stars.
Why does it take all that space, and updates???
It's Nice......
Amazing
Johnny pun
Facebook is getting worse and worse over the years and now I'm fed up. Finding another social media site, maybe just stick to Instagram or Twitter.
Ali
FACEBOOK
Just updated it! Thought the ui would change as said in the description. But guess what no difference ! This app suck. Takes toooooo much space. Have to developed more ! Way more

To much memory!!!!!!
Every time I try to open the app, it crashes three or four times. When I do get in, it just quits.
Am no more getting notification. My Facebook is now silent. am no more getting notifications till when I open it .I have go through the notification setting but still the same problem.
Sathviksp
Good keep up
Sudip
Emily
Sucks and always freezes on me!
Best thing next to using my PC.
I enjoy it but don't know whrere to go to get help with some probes.
Gud rocking
98975463
Hahaha !wth now i see a valide reason to root my phone and uninstal this crap
Keep asking for an update and my phone memory getting full because of it. Arghhhh!
Good
Automatically starts playing videos as I'm scrolling, then freezes for 5 seconds
Uses a lot of data!
Update soon!
Very cool app.. easy to use..
I shouldn't update
Nice...........
:O:O:O:O:O:O:O
3
sometimes it acts weird
Its awesome
Video player still crashes
love it.
Doesnt work anymore lame
I accept a video the other day & 3 pics today & it doesnt appear on my page after i accepted it. Fix that please. Then i can give a 5 star. PLEASE FIX THAT ISSUE.
Sum
It now works great on all of my devices! Thank God for updates!
i hate this a bit it does not freaking open :(
not good..so bad
Didnt load properly
I love facebook is a really amazing software
awesome
When someone put post we can't copy it please let us copy
Really good
Mm
I like it ..
Update grest
Sooooo slow, takes up memory and is just genreally really bad fb sort your life out!
facebook app is the best.
Imroved...Good app.
Great
Updates get worse each time why bother bringing updates out if they don't improve anything ..all they do is take up space and keep crashing
pangit
Such a beast app
stop it already! And it takes a lot of space and keeps on downloading i don't know what ! instagram don't download that much -.-
It takes up way too much space, other than that I think there's not a problem.
Its a Great App... Well done! But Cannot change my cover wallpaper image!
Very nice facebook
Awesome
thanx
We're really getting tired of having to go around our collective backsides to get to "most recent" timeline posts. Fix it!
Make it lighter!
Ok
Good
It gives me an error stating that there was an unknown error during application install -24.
Amazing
It works good !!!
Lovex it i promise
This Is Sparta!
It's really a good app
It takes sooo long to get on Facebook then it says its not responding I can't watch a lot of videos and when there is a update it need more and more space to be honest this app suck right now it takes 10min to get on fb I get a blk screen then I have to click out go back in like 10times if its not fixed soon I'm over it
Its alright just has to be more faster or updated lol
Very good. I love facebook :)
*
Good
Superb superb superb
813 w bishop st santan ana c a  92701
Worst app update. High jacks your phone.
Thanks Facebook your getting some love from Android at last
I want my Facebook back I love Facebook give it back
Older version more better than latest version. When i open very laggy and my device restart, that waste my time. Please fix.
Dosent want to use wifi only???
Cool
Take away the stupid thumbs up in messages
It's getting there, now Facebook if you want to make a 5 star app, keep the size low, arrange it so that we can have the feed in the order it comes out in as a default, not the way you see fit.  make it so we can move pictures and we get all our notifications and it will be a brilliant app!
Why can't I edit my comments? Pls fix that.
Its an inevitable part of my life,
My timeline have's had an error for the pass 2 days it keeps telling me there was an error with upload  can't see anything on my facebook when I use the app.. but when I go online I can sign on and see everything perfectly fine so it's clearly that the app is the problem ..please fix it cuz im mad tht i can get on my page using the app 
I just installed the most recent update, and now I can't even open it. When I try to open facebook, my screen just goes black and stays like that. It will not load. Fix or I'm out
Its fantastic.....????????!!!!!!!!!
Like it...!!
Face book is awesome it is the best thing ever u can text on face book when u can't text on your phone
Very bad i dont like it at all. Its rubbish,the old version was awesome. I think you should listen to the people view and change the theme it really sucks...trust me.
Great app like it
O k
Latest and constant updates was really bizzare. Liked and comment posted almost all the time gone after refresh newsfeed even tho I have stable and reliable connection. Fix it muthafucka!
Nothing fixed .same problems. Still exists
<3
A wonderful mobile alternative to Facebook. Very stable; hardly any freezing, glitching, or drop-outs.
Very nice
It takes up to 120mb of memory? Even when iv got space keeps sayin not enough memory
Let me try
Unable to login
This app keeps freezing up. I have to restart my phone every time I try to open it. Looks like it's time to say goodbye to facebook.
Fun
Facebooklogin
thankd
It dont works smoothly. It also have a big memory.
Are yaar hai aacha but thora slow hai
I like
So boring and waste of time... not playing the video, news feed is not updatind...
S D Sharma
This app is the best for talking to friends and family and it let's you share photos and post best app I would get it guys!
I am not giving it 5 stars till you add a video download bottum
Wants access too much information!
Gobble up data, growing bigger and bigger, til your phone runs out of space.
-_-
I have No Idea what you guess were thinking when you updated this App but it needs Improving. Needs a save pic option, I can't save a pic of friends!
Liked
App wants way too much access to what's on my device, why are you so invasive? Don't need your app.
Mast
Each update to this app makes Facebook mobile operate slower and slower. - Samsung S4.
MICHAEL72
Nyx bt slow
Fb is my life
Why does it always scroll to the top every time someone post something new? I was reading something interesting and it just jumps to the top?? If I wanted to go to the top I would have, don't do it for me.
Good
Description
This app just stopped working on mine as well as my wife's Galaxy 4. I've uninstalled & reinstalled on both phones, I've force stopped it on both phones, I've cleared cache & cleared data on both phones. It keeps telling us there is an error. My friends have no issues on their iphones.
Excellent
belive ingod
I Lovee Idd
President Jso hisar
Nice
Sloww bt nice plz make fast
You screwd UP¡ü big time
I try downloading it again but it takes to much memory foreal it says when your about to download it 20 mb at the end there 55 mb. I mean whats that foreal. I was using the web on my phone to enter but its not workin good anymore thats why i try downloading this but its useless. I might close down my account
Semua nya terbaik.tq fb.
Good
Got issues after the latest android update on my note 3
Beyond
Love it
Wow nice app
Ilove it ilije to use it awsome
Worst update ever
Cool
Why Facebook is consuming so much ram?  : Xperia m
Cool
Hmmmmmmmmmm better on a tablet but okay. Uploading takes a while
Always have problems to logg on
Ilove
Kk
Latest update made my app slower. It hangs while scrolling the updates.
Like it
You should open my incoming @ mail address
Amazing

I like
I love fb :*
Site able to identify
Good
good
It is the app which uses more RAM  than any launcher!!! So phone slows down....
boring at times but fun
You can add the ability to reply to the comments
Good good
Very pooooor
bulan sorsogon.
Awsum Luv It
Very nice.....
It is so simple. Wall=most recent post by default. Nobody wants to see the same thing 4 times a day. And please FIX THE NOTIFICATIONS COUNT ON ICON. LESS IS MORE !!
Nice
I enjoy using facebook to reach out to my friends and love onces.
It is use to handle easily
Receive messages instantly
Unsuitable for budget/mid range smart phones due to size, but great on newer phones, don't like the separate chat app at all.
Facebook
Photo
I always have to shut down or force close my fb app Cuz it doesn't work and I have to uninstall it then I have to do install it again
This is amazing
Very nice program
Can't live without it.
Awesome.... 
Every time i scroll through my nees feed, if someone post a video on their page it makes my news feed freeze for a min cuz it has to load the video. I hate this new update plz fix asap.
yeah
I just dont like that sometimes,Im unable to see pictures and view videos
Awesome me and friends love it
Wonder ful
Is so freaking incredible that  I cant describe it in words
Initial version was bad. But recent updates are good.
Top app
charting is not show sometime
Thankyou
Good
No need for a description its just ???... socializing and all that
Good
To much space taken
Very interesting apps
Yes
keeps on crashing when watching videos on xperia z2. all other video streaming sites work fine though
Is nice
Wow
The most amzing app
It is a wow app
Who doesn't right. 805 love baby
Squuuad
One of the worst app that i have ever seen.whenever i tries to log in,it is showing "unfortunately facebook has stopped".even if its perfect,it takes a long time.i wonder how did it get 4 stars!
Nice
I don't have room for this!
Not too good
I cant use the display button (the three lines) or post pics or anything. Why??? Please help!!!
What the HELL!! Updated the app today now the videos dont work. Stops saying 'unkmow error occured cant play the video' FIX this thing and get your stars back.
Maybe a tablet interface would be useful. Never a good sign when using the mobile browser interface is better than the app.
It starts up, it updates...  but refuses to work other then that.  Plz fix
It's not letting me get on the application. Please fix it!
Much..
Sometimes it is slow...but it is a good app....
Nice nice
Gujarat
This is really nice app I like it
harsh
:-)
Totally Crap
Nice software...
I cann't stop loving it
Was good, you idiots ruined it, sucks cause I wanted to give a quarter star rating but can't, uninstalling this garbage i'll be checking facebook through my chrome browser smh idiots
I love this app.
Without any change updated!
Its just ok
very fast
I like it
Kok
best
Like
Noone wants to see post from two and three days ago!  These updates are horrible!! Bring back the ability to look at most recent post on the news feed
Love it
Nice
but itll leave me no choice
Sooooooooooooooogooooooooood
its ok "
Very good
Each update getting bigger n bigger.... And can't even move to the SD card... Uninstalling it -  HTC DESIRE 601
Vary naysh
-_______________________________-
Addictive App
Kool
its not that cool u know it could have been better
Awesome
Top app
i love this
Still takes too much memory current 149mb on S4
World's most wonderful App for social Networking
Cool
Greaaaaaaat...
I can't get into my notifications what the hell is that and its so show even a snail moves faster than it...  Fix this app now

Supar
I hope..u also have videocall
Shows me old news feed andm even when I refresh,  it says network problem when the network is good, please fix this problem.,
Facebook
U could talk  o your freinds and family from miles away
Every recent update has made this app more user unfriendly. I now cannot access any feeds whilst on wifi and still have to mess around to get recent stories
I'm having so much trouble with this app. It freezes, it won't play videos, half the time I can't view my notifications!
Thanks for this apps I know is the best for we all.

Except for the "most popular" b.s., I've seen an improvement.
Its okay.
Saya boleh dapat ramai sahabat baru. Saya juga boleh temui sahabat lama

cool
Since last update, app is too slow and pictures are not loading at all. Very disappointed. It was working silk smooth before the update. I'm using home WiFi. Please fix . .       And now my phone hangs .... worst update... update info says that the update is for speed and reliability... LOL....
Great
Its gooooooood
Good and usefull but d nt fast;........
monu
new facebook is awsome
Easy to use
I used to be able to tag Facebook friends in comments on threads, but now I can't.
Super quality
I like it
Goood
Irfan
Keeps freezing up as soon as I open  it!! What gives??

It's good but not very good.
Not bad
Cool
Useless
FACEBOOK
Yo
I use Android 4.0 right now. When I open FB App about 10 sec. It's Crashing. So, I can't use FB App right now. Please check it. Thanks.
Don't open have to go threw app. Store. Finally get on & goes back off. Get back on keeps doing this alot. Ready to take it off if this don't get fixed soon. Real problem. Older version better. Please do something!!
I like it.
I keeps messing up and deleting people for no reason
Ck098765
SELULAR
Cool
Facebook unfortunatelly stopped. Hey why!!!!!?
Dggsfn
Fantastic!!!
I love it...
Its gret and fun
Hi
Acc
:)

Has gotten really slow, can't see pix, have to uninstall then reinstall often.
Pls bring back the old one.
This app used to be real bad but now, even Google+ can't match it.
This is not good. Very slow and take so time
Excellent
Great app
Since the newest update, i cant even open the app. Tried everything. -.-' really facebook? Daily useless updates to this?!
At least half the time. ..Doesn't work or update... takes forever to refresh
It's always set to top stories and have to physically change it to most recent every time! I'm sorry Facebook but who are you to judge top stories. I often miss what my friends are doing. Worst app ever!!
Ooooooo
Getting better & better. Please keep improving.
M mm m
its go0d
It sucks because videos wont load,news feed is 3or2days later scrolling down is nothing cant read post and privacy dude privacy this app has the power to read you MMS AND SMS/messges and dont forget it knows every single private info. Of you're phone and it takes lot of memories facebook suck really suck uninstalling right now!
After few second playing facebook video, it will stop playing after few second.
No longer have the option to read "recently posted", they're all mixed up. Missing LOTS of feeds! WTF! Then it randomly refreshes going back to the top and mixing up the feeds. BOOOO!! And what's with all the bullshit permissions!!!! Invasion of privacy.
Good
After the update last night facebook wont load the news feed and keeps saying error this is getting annoying I had no issues until this update I hope it fixes!!!
I like Facebook very much
It good enough
This app is not realy good..
Just one word 'awesome'......
Good app but it takes to much space and runs slow this needs to be fix or this five stars go down
Okay app.
Muy bueno
Love when it eats my data plan using video ads which play automatically
Blond and brown eyes
Nice

Awsome
Wow
best of world all the person i use facebook sukh
FB
Takes too much memory
thanks fb
Need more security
Nazir afridi
I like updated facebook
size is too big. hatin ths app tho
Good app
Osm app
grt. app
It's good but It's refreshing is very slow.  So I am giving it 3 stars.
Good awsm app
Nonnn
I hate the new update.. hanging problem and sometime forced closed ... i have to use fb from browser :-/
Nice app.. But slow to operate..
Thanks
Superior
The update seem to be good but now when I scroll through the news feed, the video will look like it's playing but all you see is a black screen.
Why do I now have to go to a separate spot for the recent stories?  That should be the default....make the top stories the "other choice". PLEASE!!!
Why does it take up a total of 80megs???  And bring back most recent as default option!
Nice app
Superb
Fgendjksd
Osume widget
Nice
1 star for this app. It keeps updating. And theres no changes during the updates. . Uninstalling...... -_-
Notifications is not working!
Fast download ...
Its so nice
Ashish keshari
Seems whole world is in my hand.fantastic app
Awesome
This update screwed the in app video viewer. It jumps to the website which is crappy to view on phone.
Hii
Super app........So fast
Its cool
Good apps
Latest update is slooooooow
why  im log out automatically
Last night the app crashed continuously and caused my phone to crash and restarted, and when it came back the app was missing. Clearly my phone telling me something.
I love face book
this is amazing.
Auso.e
Nice app
spr
Facebook
Not adding photos it too much late to upload. Please, Solve it
It is a great way to keep in touch
Namun Jery
I want more app  ......i like this ...thank u
Fb
Really superb
Hell yeah
I would not use the internet after using the app! Its just not the same lol
I like it
Ok
Need a most recent option for newsfeed.
Still need a big space tsk tsk
Cant even open the app!
1 star for this app. It keeps updating. And theres no changes during the updates. . Uninstalling...... -_-
I don't want to have to go through all the crap to see my most recent stories every time I open my Facebook! And now I can't even share things onto the pages I manage or even see the news feeds for them!! This was not an update this was more like 10 steps back! Very disappointed with the new Facebook....
Lots of strangers here trying to add you also
Soooooooper
Facebooc
since the last update disables your phone from sleeping (constantly draining your battery much quicker) this app is no longer worth it...
I don't like the fact that my news feed has no order to it.  It includes things from days ago along with currently posted things.  I wish this would get fixed
Ever since the last update it won't play video in my news feed (Galaxy S5) several reports made and it's still not fixed, annoying!
It Wont play videos in my news feed keeps telling me there is an unknown error NOT happy FB
Good!!!!
Xxx
I like it so so much
very-very going
nice
Good app
Facebook is a good idea
Finally things seem to be working good thanks for fixing it
What a crap update... hangs 24x7..
Buner
Its not that good but helps alot.Nice.
You
Bamf
Loved it!!!
Went back to the web based Facebook on their mobile site.  This program is very buggy and would lock up my device.  Not good.
Good
Always force closes on me sort it out!!!
Smooch
lol
Where is it!? I'm tired of reading the same posts from 2-3 days ago! And takes up WAY too much space in my phone
Its super log
Amazing
Komala
Awesome app...still just one problem, eats up battery and data too much
What the hell is this... n slow down phone ....you should also launch a facebook lite app
I Love my family and my freind
Shavadev
I like it.
With this update the app just freezes in place.
Kishor
§¯§Ñ§Ó§Ö§Ý §Ô§Ñ §Ô§Ñ§Ó§ß§à
Its good
jumpeight
Qwerty
Why oh why every time I open a link then go back to the app does it i insist on taking me to the top of the feed not resuming. This means I have to scroll past dozens of post is already seen.
nice
Entre
§³§Ý§å§é§Ó§Ñ §ã§Ö §Õ§Ñ §ß§Ö §á§à§Ü§Ñ§Ù§Ó§Ñ §Ü§à§Û §Ö §ß§Ñ §Ý§Ú§ß§Ú§ñ
Very good
Everytime I want to update my status, it slows down and freezes. This slows down my entire phone for a few seconds. Please fix because this is a big pain to deal with
Thanks FB team
Good
lovi ir
Can't post, like or share anything!!!!!
I like it
Hi
I don't care what anyone says. This app is great and y'all are doing a great job improving things. Keep up the good work!
Brilliant
Still need improvement
Face book
The new fb is  very bad i dont like the look at al , and i am only giving 1 star  sry. Arange  were you  do chat do it white not grey. In the inbox put the location how it was before , the latest update pls.  If someone send me photos inbox now  it only save but the photo will come blace pls arregent, and when i see video on facebook my mob memory will come full , pls arrang it, and can you arrange the location servios pls. Arrange the chat to see people becouse  now change color :( do the fb chat like the
Freezes up all the time.
It's f***in slow
It was so easy to log in using this apps.
Laaaaaarge size which make my phone very slow :-(
well the idk wat its updating cuz nun changed
Facebook ipdates
You will find all ur facebook in ur hand and it can also be used in 2G network....
It dont want to load updates
This app is good use and enjoy.
Slow as balls
Facebook
There's something wrong
Good
I love Facebook
it does slow down sumtimes,but ther is a prblm wit liking d posts.prblm is wen click on like it doesn't respond......
Still Excessive new rights. Not needed too run, Now the App. Starts @ boot & can reorder priority of ANY apps, & shut apps down. It does not need sys level rights! !  Well B.S. uninstalling app. Again. WTF FB.
Ok
Vad update
Its ok WHEN it will stay running for more than two mins. At a time!!!! Instead NNNOOO it seems to forclose every two mins and wont let me post on peoples walls with out kicking me off!!!! Seriousely get it together with todays technology this shouldnt be happening!!! Needs some kind of new update!!!!
Nice
All good but sometimes it doesn't show the like if we liked it .... plz fix it
Love
Love it
Turn up
I love this
Ossam..in socailnet work
How to change facebook via mobile to android ?
Its helpfulk
Hj
Still the main battery hog on my phone.
Vry cool app... connects wid known as well as unknown frnds.... makes communication easier n faster... makes us know d thoughts of people... connects wid d whole world...
Love it
I love it
My  favorite
Ok
Lovely experience  in a new world..amazing...god bless th inventor.
This app uses too much memory it will be nice if u guys actually start letting us move the app to the sd card for us IC and JellyBean users to reduce memory once u do that i will give u a 5 star rating :)
Wast
Awesome
Fvck it
I loved it
I never get current updates and I prefer to be up to date not a day behind.   What gives?
suprb social netwrkng app
Lame and useless, may the Lord terminate this crap
It's way better than before, just allot of updating
Couldn't get it to download for some reason
It needs too much memory and and gives a msg to force close app
Lovely hai ji Best Best Masst  Masst
World ln your finger
It takes to much space
The number 1 battery drainer app! Also, no full screen picture view! What a sham! IMPROVEMENTS SERIOUSLY NEEDED!
plese resolve my many west here radhika ji
The app crashes everytime i tap on a video
Update again
Nice
The main problem is that after viewing all the messages it still shows a notification over the messages bar and also on the main menu icon of the device. When I take a look at the notification then there will be nothing new or anything unread. Kindly fix this.
Hoooooooo
i download it and it keeps loading it doesnt give me the chance to put my details
It is working nicely than the Facebook messenger although it does some tasks without knowing but its awesome.
Won't let me log in
Like this...
YAHOOO!!!!!!!
Bullshit
It keeps saving others profile pictures on my phone if i message them!
I love Facebook
Amazing app
Nice one..
Takes time to open and takes up space ..useless application
Ws
Thanks
This site is a great way to stay in touch with family and friends.  I LOVE the site!
It seems like this app is updating every other day but there is never an explanation or noticeable changes. And please bring back most recent as a default option for the newsfeed. I absolutely hate most popular!!
Nice
Ya
bogus
samsung s2 can't install facebook already?After done installation system called to uninstall it??
HTC First
Arohi
Freezes all the time, news feed is random with new and very old posts, too intrusive with needing permissions to look at your texts and other stuff in your phone. I'm really thinking of uninstalling and just dealing with using the web version.
Just Love the way it is....!
It used to work great but now it won't play videos or stay open more than two minutes.. Use your updates for something useful..
Issues with missing individual caption input for photos upload and sometimes the album selection doesn't load.
Have to hit most recent to see recent stories when that option is already selected..... fix this $h**!
Nice
ADARSH
Cool app
Meb
Love it

Better than other
Love it
Good
Doesn't copy the posts on moto e  so I have to go to chrome and login and copy it so please fix this in next update and please reply
99
Very nice
Seems to update everyday now, wtf
Thank you
Great app,easy to use just need to send videos and it would be perfect
Nice
Excellenr
Nothing .... Just installed it wanna see how it works
Not as fun or interesting
Nyc
Wonderful beautiful energetic
Work very nice
5 ok
Good
Best jugak Facebook ni , SBB Facebook jugakla najwa latip femes, trima kasih facebook facebook
very good
Ms. Wilkes I couldn't agree more. Seems like it needs an update every other day and for what. The app doesn't look anything different than before. One a scale 1 being bad and 5 being great. I rate it a 2. As they say in baseball, it was a good swing but it was a miss.
The more the update the bad the app become
It consumes a lot of data usage . pls fixed . :(
Please fix it. When Im downloading it, t'was 22 mb. Then after just one hour it becomes 108 mb. Its too much .
Please fix it!! The video on fb can't play when i want to watch it!!!!!!! Uuurrrgghhh
Wow
Click on more and scroll down to feeds click most recent and that is what you will see. Unfortunately you have to do this every time you go onto fb.
No gooD
Suddenly I download it on my phone for 60mb now its 70.--mb too much storage needed. Thats why my phone always force closing installed apps. Please fix this.
Every time I get on here I always see stuff from 2 or 3 days ago, why? And you can't even choose to see what post u prefer to see like the old version had. .... tighten up developers
i love it
Awesome
What is going on with the sony xperia z2? Most videos on this app crash while playing. This is a big problem that needs fixing.
HEY WHY SINE IN PROBLEM DO NOT SINE IN MABE 3 TIME TRI AFTER SINE IN PLEASE DO SOMTING
Beyond words too describe. (:
Keeps crashing
Nice and easy....
Error on xperia z2. No body cares to fix it
When used properly. NOT FOR nonsenses.
Good
Unless u rooted with greennify to force hibernation when closed ur ram hogging app will kill ur phone lol
Pukengkay
this app needs to get fixed it said i didn't have enough room and i deleted all my apps pics videos and texts and now I'm mad
Good but the skin looks old fashioned and odd. Try something new.
FB app is getting worse. I can't even get it to open since I gave in and did the update. I also think it's crashing my phone and causing multiple shutdowns and restarts
Facebook lies about most recent news feed. CRAP!
Nice on....
Hi
Pls make faster
Cool
Supup
Fix the forced stop
Nice
The set up sux, takes up too much space on my phone. I logged in through google search face book and I cant reach my profile... I only joined FB to update my apps. WTF is the big deal about face book, its not as good as people make it out to be. It would be ok if everything worked. Fuk out.
Its very nice app ya

Brilliant
Love it
Cool
this great
Your app is slowing down my tablet everytime and the app itself is slowing down. Uninstalling.
Love the app.. You can communicate with ur friends without spending ur money to any load in ur cellphone.. Nice!! Mark Walberge.. (wrong spelling)
So very nice
Eror 416
Good app
Why this app need 40mb ?? If u guys gonna update this app everymonth just bcuz of the look of facebook will be bullshit.
I use Facebook everyday for my business and networking. I think it's highly unnecessary, that Facebook demands that it reads all of your text messages, emails, and has access to your WiFi and so many other things.
I cant play videos all over my fb now. It always say me there an error in playing the video :/ Please fix !!

Rosas
Faraz
really slowly n waste my time..
Fix it. -,-
all our privacy now not in privacy like app use our sms, mic, nombers ohh shitt on fb admin
Read top.
Update
Best friebd fb
I thought a Newsfeed would give you news as it happened and in the order that it happened  not hours or a days later.
It is a excellent app so I am giving it full 5 stars...
More memory spaced occupied.. Fix it and Back to 5 star.
So, you break photo uploads from the mobile web page AND change the app to not allow sorting the news feed chronologically?  How hard is it to NOT TAKE FEATURES AWAY with what are euphemistically called "updates" to this app?
Facebook why. I do not wish to see the same post over and over. Let us choose what we want. I miss the last version.
Awsne app
like
Good
Ever since the update, nothing works. Just lags.
Please add a feature to disable people to see me changing my profile picture . i dont like it that every time i change my profile picture everybody is notified. Its annoying.
Soooooio ho8ooo
Awesome
Nice

Why so many updates I get every 2 our 4 days
Consumes much space its for just 22mb & it takes 50mb in my samsung s2 duos & it has be updated again n again
Good
Adyan KhAN
Somethings improve over time? What happened with this app.  I see updates and it gets worse. Now I can't scroll down the page. It keeps jumping all over the place.  2-19-14 Way to go. This last update really f*cked this app up. Can't read comments people post. How can I uninstall the last update?
Good
Seems legit to me for my needs ;)
Nice
Good so good
Its not the recent post that appears on the news feed everytime i refresh it..
cannot write a description when adding a photo in existing album. the older version is better than this new version!!!!
Superb
Awsome
I like it
Best app
The app has been downloading images and information at a snail's pace recently.  S4
Too slow & FB doesn't need to know everything!
Pro
After some time it stops responding n fail to open n slower down my phone .while downloading shows 19 mb size but afterwards it becomes 56 mb ,u must see this issue.
Good

Size 19 mb full size 136 mb oh my tab is not supporting this daily update
Nice
Nice
You
Great apps
Facebook
It takes too much time to download.....
I'm unable to get to my time line. I can't approve any new posts. I tried to update,  log off, and log on and nothing works.  Beyond annoyed! Please fix!
Farce
Faltu hai
What is wrong with your app?  Takes forever to open.  Just got a brand new Phone and it takes too long to open.  Uninstalled and installed again to see if that fixes the problem but I see others complaining about the same thing!
this is it ;-)
Best 1
can't able 2 gv a prf pic ,bt whn i dwnld d'z i cn do it.
Can't upload videos! ! Fix please :)
good..
I don't know what going on .someone at facebook should get their act together.I go update my books music movies or even add family members to my Facebook results being block. If you were working for me you'd be fired.
Sadiya
bharat
Crashing every time. Its really irritating.
Good improvements as compared to older versions and lot of changes in UI. Still little bit slower other than that no issues.
It is realy great even it lag sometimes but i still love it its alright you have it wrong
Low dawnlodeing
Good
Dhasu
Nice
good..
After updation i can not open any video on my galaxy note2. If you can not handle then why you do updation?
I don't like the time line it's screwed up. It takes up to me much space on my phone. It has been force closing since it updated yesterday please fix..
Ilike It <3
love it
Wonder operations on my Note 3 mobile.
Thanks
INDIviduoLEASEMismmms
Good application.but it need to improve its launching speed
Good source for keeping up with friends activities.
Awareness
With the permissions
Good
Facebook is a great app !
Daily update? Bullshit
Enjoy friends
Zazah137
Good
Absolute crap!!
great app!!!

It was once 35 mb in size and then suddenly becomes ~140 mb! What the hell?!? And recently I noticed it was the one always turning on and  using my GPS! It really drains my battery!
Man rosa
Abdi
Its good
It tells here that it only consume 18.13 mb but when i checked it, it consume 40 mb?  Okay whats happening?  Can you pleaaase fix it!!  As soon as possible!
Galaxy S5
Love to
Muy buena aplivaciom
Very slow
Better than ever. Don't know why people are complaining.
Nice app to share ur ideas
Ej
This app shld get no stars. Its useless never works
Periodically I'll be on Facebook I go to "like" something and it literally won't let me like it so I have to go and force close!  Very Annoying!!! Now anytime I come across a video it force closes!
Sometime page loads sometime they doesn't on same connection.
OK
Utilized memory and CPU like GRID cluster
Good
loveit
nyc
Love it
Exclt
Very good

Needs an update weekly, cant help but c**ting it up
I love ds app.... Nice and fast
But could be better on older devices as can be bulky n slow maybe a low res option might be the optional fix
best
Good networking & social engine!
I have lots of space left on my phone but I can't seem to download the app. Please fix this.
Experience... Having some problems ..videos not open .. Even Have updated this new version .. Fuck u
It has been worse in the past however it is getting better with time.
Plz change ths app..cheap
Nice
218
Its really fast to upload picture and nice to communacate friends to others country,,,,,,,but sometimes the signa always lost,always loading......plssss improve your signal
Its nice but need improvement in looks
Aku suami
Good
Good
Its realy suberb
Sinjhoro sindh Pakistan. Good Facebook
facebook is great
Love it
Kannanmon
Love it
Mich
New update sucks
De
I can't watch videos. Needs update AGAIN!!!!!! Horrible
Many of the Pictures do not load. Needs to be fixed urgently.
Why did u keep releasing new updates ? Just because it has a new looks ? A good look doesnt change anything if no improvement was made to its speed and the stability of the apps. It just as good as useless.
Its awesun
Iloveit
Ok sahaja.. ^_^
Good
Ads -_-
Mast h bhav
I
App sucks
Canvas 4
Yeah, just great.. you're getting worse each day.. keep it up facebook!
So nice
Why do you have to ask this app to 'turn off notifications' more than 9X? I'd like to only have to turn off notifications once & be done with it. Also, I'd like to see 'Most Recent' instead of top stories.
Pura okay aa 22g
Decided to give the app a second chance. What a waste. Needs at least 40mb to even open, why? I can do more with twitter and it takes half as much. Long story short, i downloaded 20 mins ago and it was 7.5mb and now its saying 40mb in size. What is it downloading to my phone?!
Why do you have to ask this app to 'turn off notifications' more than 9X? I'd
Its nice to see so cute....
éÊ²üNÊÖC°æ²»ÄÜ×ÔÓêP¿´poÎÄµÄÈË
It was so much better before... its becoming worse day by day.. I wish you had a dislike button too. -_____-
Argentina messi no angry hahaha
the way of conecting people
So nice
nice but slowly(2g) loading......
Not bad
Update: 7/2014 - in case you didn't realize, even if you NEVER added your mobile number to your acct for privacy, the updated app went ahead and did it for you.  So now people who didn't have a way to call you can now have access to your mobile phone through a message on FB.  Gee, thanks you invasive bunch of privacy thieves.  You've just opened people up to stalking, harassment and all other kind of nonsense.  Great job.    Sincerely, Future Google Hangouts customer

Seems to be working great so far :)
fariha
Best application and so fast
The app is simple and easy to use what can you not like about it.
Great
Its always not responding when I open it.
Facebook
Informative and fun
How to download facebook videos
Nice
Again n again it is closing ... Plzz update it...:(
well known
Unless you have like 80mB of free memory dont install this because I had about 50mB free and it wouldnt work complete and total trash app
Best......
Nice
Best app
The best
nice this app
<3
Good
thanks for the updates!
Bilal warraich
Nyc app
Doesn't sort news feed witth newest first.why do you insist on not showing most recent posts I already read what happened Thursday at 3:53 no matter how many likes or comments it has.or how important you think that post is.
Easy app & good
Litu
Gud
Absolutely my convenient way to connect my family and friends wherever they are.
Pretty good app
Hi
Wonderful
Nice app to find new frnds nd even its easy in sharing pictures reviews
Ayaw gumana ng uuninstall
Dang right cute !!!
Need more changes
Its good
My twiggy biff  app
Facebook has pretty much hit the nail on the head with an easy-to-use and intuitive mobile app. Its so easy, I almost feel like I'm using Facebook on my desktop computer. The only problem is how the "Most Recent" feed is hidden so deep in the context menus. Once this is fixed, this will become a 5-star review.
Rock....
I see that most all the reviews are from people using older devices--all with basically the same problems. Not enough memory to run the program... Too much space requirements... Should I use my phone just to have Facebook on it? Time to move on to another social media....
Good
Pfff i uninstall it it... SUCKSSSSS
I don't have a clue why do this... none update has been really good for us, users.
After i downloaded! My phone very get slow when i try to open it!
Daboi
I like facebook
Super app
The app functionality is good but eats a lot of RAM and Battery Usage is too high
If your crash and freeze issue isn't resolved soon I will just say to hell with facebook! It even had my phone camera acting up recently. The more glitches you keep having the more users you'll lose.
Go
Kindly fixed this,  it keep , saying that  "sorry your application facebook is stop,  fix this one  and i'll give you five star.
Need a bug fixed my timeline keeps freezing for no reason and I can't scroll down or do anything I have to close the app and hope it works after reopening it (which isn't very often)
Well
i can't reply in comment
So far so go good.  Yall fixed my scrolling issue
It's Ok
Can only give one star, don't know why this app need to install 100+Mb in my phone! Why are they download all the photos into my phone!
Too good
Grt easy to access
farazwaseem
wtf
great app!!
Good
Its a loving app and android Google is a living system
Very good. But the updates are ridiculous!!!!!!!!!!
Useful
Somewhat ok
Ok
Great
love this
Its interesting. If it wasnt for f/b i wouldnt have found out about a young 25yr old girl that i had no idea existed and she turned out to be my daughter! My only child. So yeah F/B has changed my life. For the better.
Samsung galaxy note 3
Face
It only Runs on the "OWNER" user of the Device. On all the other users available on the device it gives an error ans asks to uninstall. Android supports multiple users, so should the Facebook App!
Facebook
Amasing
Good
Piki no app
it says, insufficient storage! pls fix for me!
It is osm
Macam qgus
Back book
Use to be best Facebook application, now it doesn't play videos. Vids will play for a few seconds then an error message. Shame
good
I like it
Nice
The newer version is more reliable. The interface is also cool.
Uploading profile pics, ther is no option for high quality image... Main thing is it consumes lot of Internet... There is a app frm fb but it asks permission for lots!
Enough
I select a video to watch it but it only shows a blank screen and nothing happens please fix this...
Sylla
Good
i like it
I hate this version. It keeps on lagging. Other apps sre working smoothly but Facebook lags and it force close. Hate it! Fix this bug please. Im gonna give you five stars if you have fix this bug.
Cool
Awsme
Can install it on my tecno P3
Hlahtwe
Gud
This is good for me. Thanks for this app :)
Kumar
This is the best communication to us..
Good app for making new friends...
ystel amil mendoza soliven
New update is not connected to my others games
Awsome
Superb
How do u stop getting hacked... ive had to change my account heaps
Always changing, hate it.
Nice
Poston
Video not playing. when i click on video application wull be closed
Now No more update i just hate
Typ
B
Will you please bring back the old version of the Facebook? Please,
Developers seem to be changing this app for the sake of it. Layout is becoming increasingly disorganised and feeds do not work right. Most recent news feed is lacking as you seem to just see the top stories over and over again, even when selecting the most recent news feed! Definitely not getting better, poor effort!
Hate the new updates I could not even refresh my page and it always showing forceClose all the time. Wish I can retrieve back the old Version and this update does not even deserve 1star
App is worthless. Always runs in the background even when not in use thus killing battery life quicker!
Excellent...
Uumm
Lovely
Guguy
Yeh
I still can't stop notifications on Android.. liars
i like fb
I don't need anyone to know what I searched. I don't want people to see what I searched for if they use my phone.
A really good app, but needs a easier interface. Would like it to be a bit more like the ios version
Cullit
I like it's
Wt a speed!
We  can say nice try! but update this app more please.
Gee
Facebook for informasion..
Fb should allow to view following this  Complete phonebook  Uploaded video section  Download any video or photo easily thru one click
I.dont like it ... when i open my facebook it just load and load and load and load . I wanna log in but i cant becoz it keeps on loading ... i hate it i cant see my notif.
Crashes everytime I post a new stat. Notifications are all over the place. I want to be able to uninstall the latest update! Please fix it ASAP!!!
2 Stars for you, ;)
Ok
Nice I loved it but need some more improvement
No one lost anything here...
Phone
Its not for tha childerns
Dineshkhandelwal2632.
I want to use two account at the same time      please put this feature
Its good. :)
Keeps crashing!
I don't what happened but several months this app worked pretty good. NOW it just start to crash and becomes very unstable.
Very help
Facebook has now improve. Update/Install now. But some should be improved, 'cause of mistakes.That's why I gave 4 stars.

u will be browsing n it wll jst tell u it isn't responding fix it for 5 stars
Good
Malikjaan Malik jaan
Because we can chat with our friends
Nk install kejap ok kejap x kne install 2-3 kali br blh..
Haseeb
As soon as I downloaded this version, my phone freezes up every 30 sec or so.
cool app ..100 times better from explorer and browser
Excellent
I love it very much. I want to install it but it is no installing. Please fix it soon. So I enjoy socializing.
Slow some thing
cool application. I like it bravo developers.
IT  was awesome
Everytime I'm watching a video on facebook it crashes due to an unkown error...please fix
Feel better
Daily updates are to take info from your device.  Facebook is nothing more than a tracking/advertising/info gathering app/website. I LOVE not having it! Best thing I ever did was quit wasting my time with Facebook.
Raj
Last update doesn't work, it looks like nothing happen
Kidu
It
Hii
apps
Samsung Infuse
Fb
For the past couple of weeks, every time I open up Facebook, I'll only be on there for a few minutes and the screen freezes, then the app forces closed. I've tried several things to fix this problem, but I've had no luck. Other people are having the same problem. PLEASE fix it!
Good
Be social in five minutes or less like a  fast-food restaurant.
Very good
i can't copy text from facebook app please if you want make more updates do make this option copy
Its makes work easy and work fast
Nice one ..

Gudd
Sameer asija
Bk bi
Best app of allllllllllllllllllllllllllll
Love Facebook.
I love face book.
The new update making my ACE mobile very slow... Please make it correct...
Seeing news feeds of a week ago....  No option of recent news feeds in this update sucks.....
Totaly waste app
W B
Wow
Good
Vry nic
Im obsessed with facebook thete isnot one.day im onit
easy to use
Keeps updateing
Tilarahimibanun
Nice
Should make it so you can see who view your profile page
It really lags and it won't tell me if I have new friend requests or messages 
Is very gd
So easy to access you messages although I would reccomend favebook messenger
Why are you asking it to update daily?  So much data is wasting. Also same features and no new things in 'What's new'

Love it
.good
What is wrong with Facebook right now? Keep giving me errors while playing video...zzz
All that is required is a basic functional app, is that so difficult?
It stucks
Its cool app for chatting and many more.
Very good app
NYC  way to connect with society
Well
Nice
Good
"Most recent" posts shoved off into a submenu, just so the app can show you old posts that people you know liked that you didn't give a crap about hours ago. I dropped the beta client just so I could update my review. Note all the fake and useless 5 start review. Save yourself the trouble and bookmark the mobile website organized properly.
Social networking its good
Consumes a lot of ram & internal memory.
Its ok
Oscarito
Like this
It's a very useful app!
So
Its ol
Facebook
super bad update. it freezes more often.
I like this app
Babol
Awesome
Never really had an issue with all the updates before now every time I scroll past a video that someone posts the app freezes for about 5 seconds and causes my panel lights to flicker PLEASE FIX ~ LG intuition
App is pretty ok but uses way too much resources
Yet when u put in your password, it might take a few times to get it, unless that's just me cause facebook doesn't like me so I guess it up to you. Ummm, I like it better than getting on the Internet, but thats just my opinion. So yah, hope you enjoy ;)
Very good
Hankar
I wnt 2 c wat my friends post at the minute not wat they posted 2 hours ago and it always takes a long time to load!! :( please fix bcuz this is how I keep in touch with my family!! :(

Its installed on my phone but won't work please fix it now bc iam tired of useing browser it keeps booting me off
I have to log in again again..as I am automatically logged out the next moment I use it after closing
Go

good app
It does not let me sign in because I am 10 years old
Nice
Ayoobceinnamar
Coool
Excellent service
Nice ;-)
Great apps
To many using RAM so I uninstall it and I choose to open facebook from browser :@
CAPTAIN DICKSON
Comment and like only. Please add unlike also.
some interstate
Kajal arora
Nijas
Cool
I just want to look at my news feed! Come on! The further I scroll the more slow and jumpy it gets and then it force closes! This is unusable!
It doesn't allow you to copy status
Is it just me or does this application 'update', even twice, daily, yet there is no update??
Facebook New version is super I like it :-P
Yen
Useless...
Good social
Hi
This is a nice aap because is fast browsing.
Application crashes when trying to open video.
My favorite app, the security and interface has been improved,! Keep updates coming! But I do have one issue, it's crashing/not-responding that keeps taking place. Please fix this problem, it's on my LG g2 AT&T new device. Warm regards, JA* Development 
Since the last update my facebook icon is not working properly After I press the Facebook icon it just shows a black screen what could be the problem?? Please please solve my problem
Access to everything... open bar to personal information.
Good but there is very fool in the facebook
Very bad App, force stop and Error .. Also it takes up too mutch space. I will give 5 stars if you make its storage into my memory card!
Good
Swapped from iPhone to sony since downloading on new phone I can't watch videos on Facebook but I can everywhere else so it's obviously down to the Facebook app! How disappointing.
Not good needs improment
AVILABLE
Fab
Can Find Friend
Got back to one cuz theres more force closes got more slower and error permissions 200 since the last update so i hope you fix this so now i have to wait at least one month for next update THANKS ALOT and also the viedos wont play say there was an error during the play of the video
Super enjoy
Please add Malayalam font support. Can't read Malayalam text..
I love it! it's fast and much better than  before
Y'all don't even read this crap. What's the damned point?
Good
Vary nic
Itss Gooodd !!
Jai bhoole nath ki
Lay bhari lolzz
Luv it
Dislike the new look. Please realise android has a gallery with folders and not a camera roll like on iphones, finding pics to upload with the app is made very difficult this way.
so good .
Very good
Thank you for making this app.
Semakin melambat
Kk why agaagain  update
Waiting for different features
Definitely Facebook functionality is good, but wouldn't it be better if it is moveable to my memory card 'coz it's zapping my phone memory.
N
Its wrong to delete option of sharing posts on your pages.
Every time new update app gets more buggy...disapointing,as it should be better,u getting all those info for free and u cant make stable app,sad story.
It take so much space on my phone memory and make it really slow
Pictures never load in larger view. Makes me never want to use Facebook on my phone!
Tirthabadur Rai
Fine....
Great app..!!
God bless you
Its a very goood aap i give it 5 star$ fix this
i hated i just application worst application ever very poor performance ..
This apps was cool
armu lhemm
Not what I expected do not install it takes to much space and slow Android down and I don't like that so do me a favor and don't install Facebook
Awesome
Slamnew
nyc app
Memory
New interface sucks
Hindi ko mai download kakaasar
Some.times its a.lag idk y but u need plez.upgrade and.x the lagging thanks
I can't download it, it says to me "error (502)." Fix this
Goto
Loved it
This is very bad for children
now i cant even see comments or previous comments because they wont load. Loading is horrible since the update . Please fix for 5 stars? Loading getting worse by the day
Good
Sucks! On my s4.. can't see comments then I have to delete the app & re download for it to work again!
Xxxxx
Nice app
Wot d hell.. How many times i vill update d same thing ???   Afr 2-3 days it shows n update bt same "what's new"
supr
Agar aj v tu jindgi Me not again
Update every fucken day .-.
Nice
I love it
I am deaf my phone and tablet tabs 4
Long way to go
Nandru
Thanks
Grate app
Says a fatal error has occured when trying to play any videos posted . Plz fix cause original version that comes with the HTC one m8 works
Lol
u stink. thiis is soo crap now
Freefall
Best
slow
This app fantastic. Excellent and so nice.....
Interesting.
Nice app
too slow..doesnt load
Awesome apps
I like it
Enjoy with facebook..
Old and new friend connecting
I said I kinda like
Gooooooooooooooood
It keeps freezing every time I scroll past a video on my news feed but that's the only thing wrong with it.
Its to slow but its working so nice
A very excellent app to find and reach friends
Abdullah khan Muhammad
excellent!!!
Better
add a tool that download videos
Not 100% perfect

I love it
Since the last update, this has been awful. It uses up way too much space, it isn't any quicker either. So bad I uninstalled it. But as the mobile site is also rubbish (can't tag, search function often doesn't work), I am forced to install again. Here's hoping the next update is better. Must try harder, Facebook.
Loved it
Good app
N.K.MISHRA
Wat hell is it if i open videos it ll get close very poor work guys
Well for all purposes withstanding I will revoke ur permission Mr zuckerberg with appOps because what ur doing is not OK bro!
It takes forever to set up
It's not letting me tag people in statuses anymore if they aren't my friend. Completely dumb. Really wish facebook would let me change my name too. Facebook sucks now.
Well....cos its facebook
ko ol
Sorry for the harsh feedback. Apparently my settings got changed to family only in my feed.  -1 star for not responding to my issue though.
As there will always be bugs and updates, I would like to infinitely thank everyone at Facebook for making staying in touch with family, friends and receiving news updates so simple. Ty and keep it up. The world, I'm sure, appreciates all the hard work.
It crashed all time! Pls fix it! And I can't play videos
Fabulous
Mohan raj
The eagle has laded
Without being able to see the most recent posts, it makes this mobile app useless. Bring it back!
Fb
Stop trying to force me to get away from the Most Recent timeline view.  I want my timeline in chronological order, period.
Tq
I don't understand why you always update Facebook.  I see no difference.  Maybe the difference is that your not watching us through the face camera 247. that would be a good update.
Enjoy having this app at my finger tips
Very good
Nice!
Mast
Still needs some work but its getting better
So many things to be corrected Many bugs to be fixed
Good app
Loved it
Awesome!!!!
Cool app
Nice
Very good passtime and enjoyable
Nice
Can't do voice record in messages
Nice
Siip
Time to up you game facebook!! The latest tablets  demand a much higher  resolution of images and videos! Everything on my new Samsung S 8.4 is super pixilated!!
Awesome!
That like button sud b removed...  -_-
good application
Not good again. The lag is terrible
Boo
Faces book
This new version of facebook consumes more than 40MB of data due this system put me always on less storage alert. It landed in big troubles like force stop/ system hanged/screen becomes idle n so on.. So please do the needful asap.Thanks.
This app has gotten bether and better since the last year I've been using Android
Just cuz
Big updates
Good
I shouldn't have to choose "most recent" each and every time. It's ridiculous.
Mail comes to me showing you have so many notifications.  But when opened the app there shows nothing in the notification panel
Fb
Nice
Lovely
Nice
Rbd
We can't open videos
Srinivas telu
Facebook
ITS OK WAE MAS
Facebook is nothing but drama and threats but I keep it to talk to relatives to keep up .
Loving it I think I will enjoy this
Suprb
Nice app
Simple awesome. ...
It cool
My Facebook won't load anything for the past few days..
Awaysome.
My friends from my school is super many
Good
It says it's under 20 MB to download but after I down load it , it's actually over 43 MB . It should only be what I say and not have to take up so much of it memory on it phone
Try to get on FB it won't let me on it goes to a white screen then to a  black screen n kick me off n it freezes up on me :( :(

What new...???
I can chat with my friends and cousin .
I need a battery from Facebook to run their application.

Love it...
Don't update unless you like restarting F/B every 30 seconds...Junk
Its mine
Log in problem
It doesn't share location
To way many updates
wooooh love it
Best
Five star
i dont like....
Not able to fit my phone
Love
Working good
It is gud but old version is mach batter in micromax
Great
Lovely, i enjoy it
Fb
Veeeeeery GoooooD apps
It takes a lot of data, please, update new version.
Uses too much battery, too many permissions
coolest app that i hav ever found.
Thank
Very bad,
One star after getting access to all settings / functions on mobile.
Wweeeeo

Fitggfhfu
Super duper cha
Facebook has issues.
Good
Awesome .
Hated it !!!
Awesome
Lags but still great
Improve speed
It is new version of fb.
It eats my battery like crazy and I'm not even online, I had to deactivate my account and found out my battery last twice as longer than when I had it activate, I reactivated it and Yup sure enough it would slow down my phone and eat up my battery life again. Could someone fix that?
Love it
bad app
Best
As we can save images from FB.. we should be able to download video too... make that kinda update..
Rocking
Will not stop refreshing news feed...I can't read the news feed because it gets stuck in a loop. FIx!
Always force closes. Very slow...  DO NOT INSTALL...
Loveddddddddddddddddddddddddddd It!.Waiting For New Version.
i m waiting..........
Gr8 apppppp
Love it very much
Easy and simple
Facebook is saving our money by free message
Great way to stay connected.
very nice
Does not work. Frustrating. Annoying.
Honestly, I am freaking sick & tired of the "Top Stories" newsfeed. Is it my imagination or did Facebook once upon a time allow the app user chose his or her own default newsfeed setting? Not to mention that: the notifications tab repeatedly becomes stuck on a post I check for comments; I have to go through the favorites, apps, settings, etc. tab to find my "Most Recent" feed; AND when I check my "Most Recent" newsfeed it is missing some post, which are recent, that I have seen in the "Top Stories" tab.
C:
Cool
like
Facebook ko na panes na kaya nag download ako ulit kainis :'( hay naku
It was good now it crashes all the time
Good
Very nice
My notifications and messages won't come straight to my phone since the last update and I can't watch videos either..  -_- the app was perfectly fine until I updated it -_-
Social media (like the family contact but really only hv the app on phone is to play the saga king games)
Lea Bernaldo
Boom In your face.i went boom boom
Nothing more to say it's Facebook
Kinda ok..i guess
Venky
Cannot retrieve notification and error on news feed
Totttalt best
The app is fine, but I would like to create and edit notes. Hope you introduce this function in the next update.
It stole information from my phone that I can't get back
very bad
not bad good also.loved this apps.
Kenapa x boley buka halaman utama???
Perfect
Feoh y prieto
Update rolling out daily
Not good, often hangs
My facebook has updated more times this week then it has in two months and i dont see the differnce. My videos take forever to load, pictures on my newsfeed dont show, and the app itself is taking up alot of space on my phone. I really dont rate things often but if your going to update a app make sure its actually doing some good.
Everytime  I open it, it shows no internet connection
Loved it
That's it
Its a gd app which i seen in social ntwrk it is best for fb users
Nice verry verry nice and so nice
Always has errors when playing videos
It's very fast
good communication to all friends
Fun
nic
I love Facebook so much
Face book is a good book to the face and gives u everything in sharing your self with freinds and family from across the world I love it and give 10 stars!
Feni.Bangladesh.
Imrangreek
Semakin bodo.. semakin lembab..
It's not this app but just Facebook in general. My Facebook was hacked so I loged out and reported I had been hacked. Now I can't get in at all.
Why can't i get this ap to open been tryin for days.
My Facebook just keeps loading not refreshing.  Not my Internet connection+!!!!!!!!!
U
I am loving this app Facebook rocks. They have done some awesome updates and I can see all the videos and keep up with my friends and family !
Greatest
Shiva
Cool app
Now it loads videos on timeline. Now phone is so slow plz fix
Amaze balls
Uhhhh
Pathetic after recent update. Crashes too often.
7/17, uninstalled, then updated. STILL SUCKS. Spending more time working now instead of on FB.              , ,     Slowed my phone right down. Why do I need to see video pre-play? Takes up too much memory.
It says the new update let's you turn off post notifications and it does give you that option from the app but it doesn't work. The above was from last week. Here I am 7 days later frustrated again because Facebook will not let me upload any pictures or videos!!
Love
Since I reported my prblm with my account still now there is no changes. I hav prblm with my account, evrytime I try 2 Log in is says:Error with Server,plz try again. Y r u updating dis knowing dat u can't fix it's errors. Rather fix not bring prblm.
Cute
Sucks
hth
:3
Super.......!!!!!!!
Odds
Masa setiap hari harus di update terus
Good very good condition of fb
FB app is a good apps

Good
Good
Idk.
Nice
So sweet
What the hell, photos not loading, its a worst update that I have seen, pls fix it.
I love facebook but somtimes when u watch videos it will say fore close and when ur just ob facebook it would tell me to forceclose or to wait
Wonderful
Trying to open my fb but when i try to see new notification it says error loading... do fix this problem!
This is the best app. <3 <3
<3 ;) love it
Good
Wowwww
Ye
Love to stay in touch with  Y friends
Excellent......
the app keeps crashing everytime I try to upload a video
Looking good
Great
It either hates me or is rubbish because it keeps freezing and stopping and generally not working, I only updated it because every single time I went on (and I'm on about multiple times a day) it just kept telling me to update so I finally gave in and I regret my decision to do so O.o (I tried my hardest not to swear, but it's so hard not to) EDIT: so going through other people's problems too, I'd rather not wait for the day that happens to me so as hard as it is,I'm sorry, but until fixed, goodbye
Love the new fb app! :)
amazing :D
Hate that I can't set every post to a friends only by one tim e selection. ..

I love india
I Can keep in touch quicker now!
Oz good but you can't really delete photos you don't want anymore they should fix that
Hii
Nice
Wont let me upload vids on my lg optimus g pro wtf.
It's Facebook, great app
Poor
good
Video plays, but no video, just the app background and audio playing.
Nice app
I like it but I can't put it on my sd card!!!!
Can't Download Vedio every day new update ..
On every passing updates, this useful app gets more and more useless... Really humiliating:-(
Nice
Reduce cache memory boss. Its eating out entire memory. Apart from this everything is good.
still has some issues with content not loading and odd behavior, but good now. Much better than mobile web portal
$$$$$$$$$
Mr Suleiman Isa
Love it
Ok now I dont even on anymore since facebook likes to play EVERY SINGLE VIDEO EVEN WHEN I JUST PASS BY A POST WHICH CAUSES THE APP TO FREEZE. Fix.........it.
Hate your new update that mostly showing newsfeeds from a few days post. No option to put newsfeeds to only show lastest post in the main timeline like older version and your new app permissions sucks, why you need to read sms and such? No more privacy by using this app. Beware!
This app shows me content that's two days old. I hate that I can't just see the most recent stuff by default.
Wonderful
Since last update it seems to lag on pages, pictures, and video. Can't seem to load everything..... please fix this!!
Ok
Yup
Its  good  to  use  the  face  book
Nice
Really Great App
INDIA
Masa
I have to constantly restart my phone for all my notifications to pop up. So frustrating!!!
I love Facebook so much
Pictures don't want to load and takes forever to update. Also it doesn't play the videos and when it does it stops a lot and then forces closed
ñRµÄ |Î÷
Gets slow at times and won't play videos at times also. Other wise very decent and helpful app
It's heartbreaking to see my friends click LIKE for sad posting.
I keep having to use my browser because absolutely nothing on the app works. All it says is error loading news feed or error loading timeline. I've attempted to uninstall and reinstall but it didn't work. Definitely needs to be fixed asap.
Works very well, in my view. With all aps, however, I think developers ought to  promote.     their apps, purpose, and hoped for results with the ASSUMPTION that not everyone is conversant with an assumed baseline level of "universal knowledge" of terms, acronyms, and so on. I think the body of knowledge YOU acquire from such data about what users DO NOT KNOW will serve you and new users, especially, well. A role as teachers is at the core of what is goin on. Isn't it? And of immence value, even to elders.
Checking the update
Good programme always update
Awesome
This is a cool app
Why the hell yall complain so music.if you dont like iyo uninstall it
Very slow.  Annoying. Keep on crashing.  Fix it.
Like the fact you can post offline
I need help I forgot my code
Please fix the fforce closing bc it gets really aggravating!!!!!!!!!!
i will be remlving this from all of my electronics i suggest everyone does the same
Facebook not responding on my HTC mytouch 3G

Sweet
Loply
Goood
I was thinking someone posted on my wall but every couple of hours I get log in errors
Fun
its a very nice....
Not letting me play any videos since the new update
App is constantly unresponsive & locks up phone. I use task killer or force close & 5 minutes later I'm being notified that fb app is unresponsive, wait or close; and I never re-opened in the first place. Also takes up more & more space every time I close. Couldn't be anything else cuz I recently deleted it for several days & re-installed to see if fb was the culprit behind the lag I now get. I have to use my phone everyday for work & miss important calls due to it making my phone a tard-muffin. Wtf guys?
Awesome

Way  to big
Is  good .
So slow this app :/
I can't even look at my news feed it exit out every 2 minutes
How often that I need to update this app in a week?
how many times facebook will update this app ? everyday ? make it monthly
Dumb dumb stupid
Facebook has no reason to read my  texts
Rahaman
I am using KitKat 4.4.4 after I installed new update of facebook .Facebook application not loading pictures
Nice
Whats going on Facebook? I just updated it then it keeps error loading, the notification iI couldnt even retrieve it, there is nothing even new on my news feed, its been eleven hours since.....is there any way to fix it?
Runs very slow on Samsung intercept
Updates regularly without further improvement.. Now its size is 40 mb..big dislike for this app
I like da old fb better.
Wao this is amazing.
not good too much
.   ...........  U.   . .uu.. Non.   J....  .....inn.n..  ..n. .n . . ..u..     N...n.   ...    Nu.       .       ..  Non.   .. .   .. . .
Photos either take an insane amount of time to load or the albums or photos cannot be seen at all. Extremely frustrating :( I like the last version. The past two updates have made it worse.
Wonderfull
It's like my life
N.K.MISHRA
Most recent news feed should be primary feed. Most people don't want Facebook determining what "I" want to read.
Looks better!
Does it annoy anyone else that when you scroll up through all the comments by the time you get to the end it slides the comments window off the screen and you have to start loading them all over again. Or how it auto refreshes so if your reading something it on the news feed it gets shoved so far down you can't find it again.
When we open this app first time when we see who is online it shows correctly but the another time it shows the same ......
New update won't let me play videos... Come on now. If you're gonna have an in app note annoying me to update, make sure it's worth it
App sucks but gota have it due to only way can stay connected to world any more .....every updated fixes one problem but then a new one arrives wish they would finally get everything correct for once
Everyone I click on some video, it crashes. What do I do?
I love it!
It's kinda slow to
Awesome
the latest update took the images away . not a single image is visible in the app. loading takes more time to get the news feed. initially thought the internet speed is slow but when i changed the internet connection, i recognised that the app is not perfect now. one more update require to fix many things
AMF
I cant see all recent posts and mixed up with previous posts. Wtf
Very nice application
Good
Hello to my friends!!!
Slow. Should be a lot more faster.
Ok
Good but it always force close please fix it
Sebab boleh mengisi ruang kekosongan ku
But  most of the time there are issues
Fb app developers should be add feature of copying text from Fb app coz its really important feature for some people and we are waiting for it desperately ..!! hope it could be added soon or in next update .!! :)

It's so slow that make me think of stop using fb....
Superb
I am having issues Tagging.. I have a Samsung Galaxy Note 3.... I should not be having this issue! I am not the only one. Whatever you guys did to facebook,  you need to fix! Not happy! Un installed until issues are fixed!
I cnt friend someone bc of the new policy please change
Saving Time
Great social app
Still a bit laggy. You guys are adding a few more features and its getting better though.
Raja
Cant message...
Keeps closing by its self won't let me go threw my news feed
After latest update it's not loading photos ... only posts r loaded... very slow also... fix it please ..
Install back XD
Not loading
I like it but I don't want to spend all my time on it, it's time absorbing.
Love
I dont understand why I cant download facebook is said error I need a help thanx
Modesty.
Would be nice too see pages I have liked instead of searching for them
Great
Its freezes to much, when i come up to a viedo
nice bt slow
After todays update i cant even view my newsfeed. Nothing works at all. All i get is the loading icon on every post. You guys suck.
My app is crashing every five minutes.
Stuff
It will randomly freeze and won't work right until I restart my phone. And its not my phone because Facebook is the only app that does that.
My messages read that I'm using fb messenger when I'm only using the fb app and my fb never goes inactive even when I force close out
I just love it!
Sometime the apps can't  open. Full of LAG, FREEZE and FORCE CLOSED. Notification is late, sometime none. Picture loading is slower same with twitter.  Better on pinterest. Bring back the oldest app version it run smooth then this one.
Bahut acchha app hai.
-_-
Nic app
Nice app
Doesnt notifies whenever messages,notification and requests came.sucks
Very very good application
this app is the most popilar one, so tell me why it get worst, i don't know why since last update i can't saw my photos, posting making me tired so fix soon guys...
This app very fast n i loved it :)
Been stable for a while. Judging by the comments, though, there should be a tutorial on how to find the "Most Recent" news feed, though - it's been there for ages & it seems many can't find it...
Its cool
Its pretty good. I like it :-)
Happy Choudhary
Mass
Excellent
Good and can be better
Super
Update: 07/17 - how many times you gonna update?!!! Causing phone to lock up on scroll down every video hangs. Facebook doesn't error out any more. but now it just freezes. Cleared data+cache reboot = same issue
Improved !
Good I like meee
Gud app
Great
Pic not loading
Im expecting fb to be speedup and being improve but the more they updated it the more it worst..I open my fb its hang and still force closing expectedly..its really suncks seriously..
Great app i reccommend it to everyoneeveryone
Why is it after watching video on facebook it suddenly crushed it always bring me to my cellphones menu...it always like that...why dont you fix this...so dissapointed..
nice
It is awsome
Please stop pushing liberal pages on to me and not allowing me to vist many of the pages I would like to. It seems funny to me every time I try to go to certain pages that may have to do with guns, hunting, the values I have, things that I enjoy that are not accepted by the liberal community in general the app force closes. Other then that the app works well for the most part seems like videos take a little longer to load now but it's fine.
Get a chance to talk to my sister who lives far away. We message each other and share on Facebook.
Maganda na siya
to give me notifications or show me my newsfeed. Fix this ASAP please.
Nice app
Bring back the old one....the new design is not good enough....  and i keep seeing old stories....  IT SUCKS...
Good
Quite frankly I HATE Top Stories. But don't we all? It'd be great if we could get Most Recent as the primary Tab, otherwise, facebook is garbage. So, back to alternate apps to use FB.
I cant watch any videos needs to be fixed asap.
Vary nice
Good work!
Good
Do the light weight in your next update
It uses up to much space on my cell. I mean seriously come on!
Bttr
Over 4 hours for photo or video to upload since update & still didn't upload... WiFi & 4G same thing. WTH?
Loved so much  facebook is the part of happy life.
It take more ram and slow the phone
Great job developers!  You've been sleeping for 5 years but you finally woke up and did something right! I'm impressed with the new version.. Still lacks some essential features, like editing comments and a few others that require you to use different browsers to use, but I'll take it!!
It's just so awesome. But I kind of feel unsafe. Sigh
But make it simple and Daily Updates sucks
My news feed is all videos now and no actual statuses or personal photos. Also, there's no way to change the feed settings to fix it.
It is a good app but takes slot of space I think it should be a lot more SD card friendly also would be good to change the theme up a bit instead of plain blue other than that it is a good app
This app is horrible!! I have to uninstall it every 10 mins for it to work
vdubis
Very cool
Latest upgrade is not working proprly wtf... I hate this app
Great speed
Video playback STILL doesn't work.
Assandh
It help us
I use to use fb on phone browser as it load dere faster than fb app. But now new fb app is gr8 awesum feel and luk.
Playing video, stopping half way, then ERROR... has been like that for a while now on wifi or 4G
No words.......
No good cakren
I love the app I use it every day to keep my family and friends updated on how my kids are growing
I'd rather use my browser.
Fb is really to good My all old frnds WD me  So I'm happy now Thanks fb
Why Facebook is pushing daily updates and I don't find any major difference in usability and performance.
I love dis app
Female.jacquelinevidaljesusvidalaxelvidalvelazquez.ypedrodanielvelazquezroblerov
Uploading a video crashes my Galaxy S4
Ok
Find my history
Ok
Updated my life
No comment
Anyway this a good application social hub. But sometimes, im always blocked from  liking friends status without any reasson. Why?
It keep saying it's not responding and free.zing up and doesn't let me know when i have notifications even though i have a ringtone
The space it occupies is really out of the limit. It says 22mb but later has 123mb. Do something about it and you will get a five
Nice app
Description in one sentence.....  Thanx to face book.....
¦Ð¦Ñ¦Á¦Ã¦Ì¦Á¦Ó¦É¦Ê¦Á..¦Á¦Ô¦Ó¦Ï ¦Ó¦Ï ¦Ð¦Ñ¦Á¦Ã¦Ì¦Á ¦Í¦Á ¦Ò¦Å ¦Ð¦Å¦Ó¦Á¦Å¦É ¦Ò¦Ô¦Í¦Å¦Ö¦Å¦É¦Á ¦Å¦Î¦Ø ¦Ê¦Á¦Ó¦Á¦Í¦Ó¦Á¦Å¦É ¦Ò¦Å ¦Á¦Ç¦Ä¦É¦Á...¦Ê¦Á¦Í¦Ó¦Å ¦Ê¦Á¦Ó¦É
Good
What for? I just dont realize any good in your daily update..  Just make monthly update.
I mean the new update isnt the greatest but still cool app
Nice
Would be nice if you could compress the size and make loading times faster
:D
Easy to use!!!
Like the new app
Images are not loading!
Nice
Nice app get new friends and sharing information and knowledge and much social network.
super
Images don't even load
It is a very glichy app
Fb app lost it
Yup
Bhim poudel
Easy communication.
It ight lol
It Uses so much data and ram it really needs performance optimizations
It slows down when i pass by a video please fix
Love the new look and updates!
Does what it needs to do. Thank you!
Don't like the new updates can't select friends for post
Bdjsjfnfndn...
This app is the best
Messing my setting and stuff. Don't download
This fb app very useful
Wooo
Better...
New update feels wrong
I loved it.. Dis was very nice and very fast
It has been taking a full space of ram
This app is useless. Refuses to work even with updates.
The switches off on it's own.
Fix the data problem
My best app for making sweet freinds
I don't like the update but LOVE Facebook
Not as good as the desktop version.
Liked the new updates
it needs a better upgrade newer  were u can view ure videos and edit them and make more faster news feeds ...
Good to get news and meet people

Cool
Error in loading newsfeed.
Keeps saying "an error has occurred and need to close out Facebook" everytime I open the app! Please fix this!!
Freaking awesome and fast to grt job developers
Crazy permissions
Originally loved this update but after two weeks stripping the stars to two. App sticks and closes way too much.  Very disappointed. As I was loving it!
To much space
I lilke fb it's good for chat ......
L
Need  my Facebook back it won't let me on it why?
Good app
Cool app
HoseavannIII Pastor
It take to much data.........
Best
But not always good
It's very slow apart that when you get notifications from a chat it force closes some facebook.katana thing so needs alot of fixing!!!!!!
Video's will not play.
But in all, it works much better than it did a few months ago. Thanx for the bug fixes !!!
Amazing
Yea!
Facebook only way to connect wz my frndz
Aplication made in the world because i cant comunicate whith oll my friends i love it its the best
Auto updated, and now will not connect over wifi on my XOOM, or Nexus 5. Can only connect when mobile data is on. Wish I could go back to previous build version.
Good
Very good nice
So don't like new Facebook at all
I cant watch videos.
LOVE Facebook!
Your cell will get hacked by facebook
It takes up to much space
Why dose tis app need to be looking at my sms? And ALL personal info?
Happy camper
New update won't let me scroll down or do anything! Just freezes.
Nice
Good luck

This App is garbage. Will migrate to Google+ soon..
New update didn't load images.pls fix the bugs
I'd like to play in app videos on my Chromecast. I am not too worried about my feed just the video's and maybe the pictures
I love Facebook. In fact I got one this year on May 29, 2014. The people who are complaining about malfunctions, I don't know why they are. It works perfectly fine for me. Anyways especially since the app is free, you have to have it. And get Facebook Messenger as well. I love Facebook!
Goo aap
Why do other peoples facebook have a completely different lay out to mine ??
It wont let me log in. Had to uninstall and reinstall for something and now I open it up to log in and it force closes. I'd like to actually get in the app...
I downloaded the new version on my Galaxy S4 and I didn't like it. I immediately uninstalled it and my phone work. Stating an android acore issue. Reinstalled it phone worked again. Uninstalled it and phone disabled again. I'll be filing a lawsuit against google play and facebook for the security and privacy breach. As well as destruction of my personal property. Do not download it!
Very good app!
Good app
Nice app
I've not been able to connect or look at anything on fb. But, i can get on twitter jst fine.
Happy face
Great
There is nothing to show no posts at all wtf is going on FB I am not happy with this last update
I love facebook
But this app need so many roms
It's awesome this facebook  fastest then previous
Loved It
Was posting a pic in a comment on a page and soon after both on my tablet and phone my newsfeed and timeline won't load. Trouble loading Newsfeed. Unknown error. I've uninstalled and reinstalled with no luck. Also contacted FB to report the problem.
Still slow much better the old version.
No speed....very poor dont update.....
Pahal x bole update
Wont let me watch videos every since the update
Doesn't let me tag the ppl I wanna tag....wth...
It not working
Awesome app
Sagarthapa
But a bit laggy at some places otherwise the app is awesome ! And also wastes much of the space :/ solve this problem and i ll rate five stars
Keeps freezing up. Keeps not responding. Also keeps crashing so uninstalling
I HATE THIS RETARDED APP!!!!
SUCKS IT SAYS NO WIFI
Aiight
I like this
Love it
Yoyo
Can't play the videos on my HTC reZound
Pictures stopped showing up...
Cool n trusted.....as always
This app is getting better. Huge improvement Facebook. Thank you.
But whenever I try to go on it takes for ever to load. Plus it makes my phone slow and too lots of space.... Nice app tho. If you don't want this just look it up on google on yr phone.   Yeah, I sucks. I just deleted it :p
Good
My phone requires fb and the app keeps closing out and not responding. No more updates needed either!!! I can't download any other games because fb takes all the memory space. Fix please!!!
veri nice thankes fecbook
aldhi
Super
Good
I luv it quick and easy access where ever im at..
It most common app to have
N.WebMD record
Feel my love s n
I updated the app and now no pictures will show up! I have uninstalled and reinstalled twice now. Love the app, very unhappy with the update. :(
The app continues to close on me as soon as I open it I hate this update
boleh mengetahui banyak maklumat
I dont like it.., it is too slow
I loved it
So nice and amazing ... Update more
ELLAM SILA KAALAM
Best app :-)
Best social networking
I love this app..I was   addicted to this app.
Great but I wish u could move photos from an album to a different album, please fix if u can. The only other facebook app that I found that's better is FRIENDCASTER I recommend even if u love this try the other 1. I use both. I LOVE BOTH


Now Facebook needs to read all my text messages, send emails, and change Wi-Fi settings, all without me knowing? On top of all the other permissions? No way. Uninstalling
Sometimes its good : sometimes no ... please improve this app because there are time it"s getting force close and in the comment its getting failed
Love it!
N
Gotta Love Facebook :) Never Fails To Keep Me In Touch With All Family & Friends All Over The World. **Thumbs Up** :D
V
Oso very good app
My Facebook always boots me off
this new update suckkkkkkkkssss!! it freezes every time u watch a video!!
I am really enjoying the NeW Facebook.
Can't open it!!!
Facebook for ever changing .....
You cannot view your news feed by most recent
Facebook
FB for Android has really improved! HTC One (M7)
Love I can stay in contact with friends and family
Nice
The apo constanly freezes and eill not work until I restart my phone.
More perfect app
It makes everyone connected
I love this app
Facebook runs slow since the new update! Please fix!
Facebook
Can't upload pics or load recent news feed or notifications
Lpp
Wuv i
Keeps crashing!
Nothing is working right now!! Fix it please !!
Love
Donot update this app everyday -_- :3
Latest update makes the videos i scroll up and down from play and then makes the app crash
Lacey
Servicess
Nice 1
logi n
Can't watch videos and still no one has fixed it! My phone can watch movies, tv shows, but can't watch videos from here. Fix please! Not the first time telling you guys this! Seem to be an issue with others using this app!
I like this apps.
Since last update my news feed no longer loads. Very frustrating
Very very nice service
The application has improved for me on my end. But there are some stuff that i like and don't like..  Likes: can put how you are feeling Can post photos to comments Love the new design  Dislikes: Stuff in my news feed from days ago ie. Nothing is recent at times from friends and fan pages Can't reply to comments unless on browser Can't go to other messages without going through the browser once again Out of no where videos are starting to play by themselves even when the option is turned off from the settin
So awsome
Make news feeds most recent feeds. I have to go on more then scrolle down to see most recent.
It's freezes on every video. I don't like it too slow
Nothing special. Facebook is quite boring atm
Still a joke. No solution on videos failing to load. Great job facebook
Cannot open video..plzz fix it..or unistall this application
The application I like it
I like the app its easier
I dont like the newest ubdate it looks stupid and it is very confusing I dont like it at all it is very complicated you better be sorry for wasting my time wi the new Facebook
Can't watch video for more than first 40 seconds,need to skip to like 2 minutes to watch the remaining video. It is really annoying. Please fix it. Thanks.
I like thz
... Please Fix These Problem ...

Love facebook
I like G+ better but whatever
Awesome
Good
Good for contacting Family that lives far away.
It's convenient to just open the app instead of using the browser, however there is one thing I do not like. I can't tag certain friends in posts or comments. Why?
Easy to Use Nice ;)
Would not upload pictures, runs slow and newsfeed shows old posts
I Luv Facebook Becuz Yu Gehht To Tlk To Yur Frienss Yur Yrn's And Otha Stuff Lyke Dahht Buhhht                       #2'S
Notifications not loading for past 2 days fix it please
Now it wont install in my android..it did before
Very good application
Best
I always getting the updates Waiting when I'm online, I'm sick and tired of it, Way to go
Compare to previous one it's useless ..
It was si easynon my phone I love the y jis app I would definitely recommend it.¨¤
Ok
Good n xcellent four fucxx to your bitchy apps,
Won't even work now. Come on guys. Get it together.
Vry nyc app..!!!! I love this app..!!!
Getting there.
Once I upgraded it it stop in middle of when I'm scrolling it force close in me all the time 
Cool
Sweet
Doesnt even deserve one star!!! I cant download a video anymore now! Fix it! And i really dont know how to reply to someone's comment from this sucking app!!
It needs to tell be more straightforward about how much space it takes.
WHY CANT I SEND ANY PICTURE I WANT FROM MY GALLERY OR ANYWHERE ON MY PHONE LIKE I USED TO BE ABLE TO?  THAT SUCKS REALLY REALLY BAD!  I MEAN BAD!  WTF IS "FACEBOOK CAMERA ROLL"?? HUH? I CAN ONLY SEND OR POST PICTURES THAT ARE PRE APPROVED BY FACEBOOK? THATS A BUNCH OF STUPID CRAP! THERE SHOULD BE NO LIMIT ON WHERE I GET MY PHOTOS FROM TO SEND TO FRIENDS IN FACEBOOK MESSAGES AND POSTS!!  U SUCK! ILL HATE U TILL U FIX IT BACK!
It'S bobo
Keeps uninstalling Its self over and over again!
Super good
The Best!!!!!!
I Love being able to stay in touch with friends and family that I live too far from. It makes the miles bearable seeing the pictures and chatting with those I love and care about!
Great social tool!
Love it
I hate the latest updates! It does not upload any pictures or process my status updates!
Update is slow
very good browser
I love this application because I can keep in contact with friends and family.
Nice
Facebook is a joke. Waited over an hr. For app to download and it was only at 20%.
This app has been around for sometime, yet it is constantly updated, drains battery, uses lots of memory and it lags. I find myself using a third party app. Come on devs can't you figure this out. Uninstalling.
App is awesome but one time I open the app and  touch on back button and"suddenly the app has crashed I have to uninstall it and install again........anyways awesomeness
Thanks
It won't load. My other apps loads this one takes forever to load and it's horrible.  I have a Samsung galaxy s4.  So my phone is not that old. I also hate the posts.  They are old as heck. I don't get recent posts. Even when I chose recent posts. Please go back to the old way. Thank you.
Great app
Please have the option to select pictures, when uploading, by folder. It's not useful to have a thousand of images all mixed up when selecting. It is not everyday that you will select photos to upload the onew that's recent.
Worst ever. Takes like 15 min to load a picture. lets not even talk about not being able to watch a video. It's driving me nuts. Please fix this crap asap.
Not bad
Not a good update. Half the time it wont update the news feed, it just tries to load indefinitely. Same with uploading a photo. Please fix.
This app fully wast time
I love it
A very fine application. Only it is impossible to copy and paste on Facebook walls. Pls fix this bug.
Lash hy Nice
Love
The Facebook app is just way too slow, crashes like 40% of the time, and takes up way to much memory. I literally Can't stay up to date or in touch with my family & friends becuase It's Always Slow Or Crashing. I Have Had It With This App. It is really getting on my nerves. This app takes up the most memory on my phone, but not for long! After This Review I am going to uninstall the app. I will be happy to come back when you fix these Three Major Issues. Thank You For Your Time.
Well done except for all the updates and changes it comes with... smh keep it simple
I love this app but could you make this into a qslide app?
having poblems viewing my page...please someone help
Sucks.
Facebook isn't working fine from last few weeks. I uninstalled and reinstalled it several times but the problem still exist. Solve it for 5 star again.
Wont let me in
Cool. App
New
Excellent
After the last update 8/28/12 my news feed only shows my old feeds from a week ago!!! Won't load new feeds
Last update is no good. Will not update news feed or play videos. I have a LG Splendor phone. Previous updates were fine till the latest.
Was very slow
It's slower than molasses and will hardly load anything before it times out. Click to go to a group and it takes me back to the news feed! Can't see any of my friends' posts; all I see are advertisements. And if that isn't enough, I try to go on through my browser and it won't even load!!! All of my other apps/websites work great! FB needs to get their stuff right! Going to uninstall until its fixed! What's the point having it if you can't use it!?
This app is HORRIBLE,  ever since I updated like it told me to its been crap. Nothing ever opens on it and it always says there is an error, it's so aggravating!
I love fb <3
Having a problem loading certain parts and it takes either several taps or one earth shattering jab to open a tab.
More details to come.
Good
Everything workin
Totally nonsense it doesn't work at all nothing can be viewed please fix it fast
Won't open...
The "Turn off notifications" button on a persons status you've commented on doesn't work, and why can't you share a photo from your phone straight to a group anymore ffs??? Its taken 5 years and its still cow pat!
O
Speedy notifications but newsfeed fails to show me what I want to see no matter how many times I change the settings. If I didn't use it for networking, I would delete it.
Some problem in facebook from last 2 days !
When I updated facebook.....my facebook cam n messenger went......  Why is it so.....??
This app needs to be fixed. Come on Facebook! I have had news feed errors constantly since I got the "new and improved" update. Fix it!
Can never edit audience for photos please fix it
Awesome
Kept on crashing allot but in jenerally really good,
Good...
Please let me use my application of choice when browsing for pictures to send in chat. To use this "most recent picture" system is just ridiculously inefficient if you have hundreds of pictures like most people. If you have thousands then it just doesn't work at all.
Force closed itself huhh
Loveit
Now this version is very good
This app has become terrible! Nothing loads (on 4GLTE or on high speed WiFi) anymore, the timeline is terrible because it only shows particular posts, not the most recent posts like it should, terrible terrible app!!!
Its awesome now, love it! I'm a beta tester, and I'm not able to download the beta version first :3
Wll my phone jst dnt wnna aploed dam i hate these aap
My device is sharp IS13SH ON IT MY FACEBOOK  is working slowly and i download clean  master after it is also working slowly what should i do who can help me
Makes my phone slow
For the past few months this app has been crashing constantly. I don't know if that is exclusive to the Blu life play or not. However, aside from that, how is it so hard to keep functionality? Since an update about 3 months ago or so, you can no longer sort by top stories or most recent. This is really unforgivable. It makes the app worthless. Get your priorities straight.
Love the fact I can keep in touch with my love ones from far!!?
Wooow
The recent update keeps crashing. Seriously, arent updates supposed to make things better instead of worse?
Facebook
Cada vez que ingreso activa el GPS aunque desactive los servicios de ubicaci¨®n de la aplicaci¨®n, tarda mucho en cargar y consume muchos recursos.
Nuff said
Nothing works right!!! My timeline NEVER updates!!!! What's the deal Facebook!!! Get it together!!!!
I don't usually even leave feedback however this time it's different. I cannot believe all the complaints that are coming across here and its still the same. My comments haven't worked since yesterday The update wheel goes around and around and around. Now when I go onto my applications it takes me right back to the feed no matter what I push it goes back to my feed. What a mess! Very very disappointing!!
My app keeps freezing two or three seconds after I start scrolling down my news feed. And I only get certain updates from people, not all of my friends. What's the point in this? It is getting ridiculous.
It keeps on hanging every minute gives error messafe
Now working faster..
I'm a rp account and I thought Facebook was a social network. SOCIAL you're supposed to be able to socialize. Please stop deleting role-play accounts. I would appreciate it and then I would rate 5 stars. But until then nope.
Why do they need acces to my browser history and bookmarks? Why do they need access to my SMS? To spy on me? Collect advertising data or send some info to the N S A ?
Get app
not in chronological order! It's basically complete randomness! I love certain aspects of the app like the pictures and all that good stuff. Just really dislike the fact that my friends statuses are not from the most recent even though I make sure that's the order I checkmark... Fix it!
Facebook
the menu on the upper right corner of the chatbox is not working 

Won't let me see my messages, and is slowing down. It's getting on my nerves. It took 2 hours to post 4 pictures and about 3 for a video...
Love the fact I can keep in touch with my love ones from far!!?
Everytime I Log In It Tempt To Say Facebook Authentication Failed ! Yall Need To Fix This App ! This Is So Sad ! also It's 2014 And Y'all Still Haven't Fix This. My Facebook Keep Freezing.
Nice
Fine?!
Loved it
I thought it was time to update Facebook and boy I was wrong. After about 10 min it is still not loading anything. Bummer.
Its better
Elis
If you use facebook its no doubt youll love
James plum
Beforw updates app is running fine,but now it gone wild it also consumed much of the memory.  Is there any possible ways to lessen the memory consumption?thanks
I cannt view comments...it loads and loads and loads and loads, finishes loading then nothing is there. Fix this crap asap!!!!
I was able to upload videos before. Now I can't find the old ones, nor can't I upload new ones. This is now happening with pics as well. I love Facebook but, something is really wrong since the new update.
Can't access it after the updates. Fix please!
Mohd razzak
Top notch
Why do you need to access battery stats and whats running in background? Why record my call list and mesages?
Very satisfied
Why does this need so many permissions? It doesn't need to access all that it wants. I don't need the app to spy on whatever I do. It's bad enough that fb spies as they already do.
Kareem khan
Cool
4star
I would give it 5 stars but you should make this app movable...because it takes up TOO MUCH memort on my phone so I'd love to move it to my SD Card....PLEASE help :p
What a great app !  Much easier than the website.
Ok
nice to use
For now no issues
Keeping in touch with family and friends is important
Facebook
Slow
Air
masha Allah
Omg awesome eee eeeeeee
Very. Slow. Can't. Up.date. can't chat. W. Friend's. Whats. Up. Facebook? ?
love it
Ismail Khan
lkl
Works just the way it should. No problems here!
It work
Nothing loads and it shows the same posts all the time and theres no way to change it
Guys i got a message on fb from one of the managers from fb and they said that they were ganna close fb around November. So enjoy it while u can.
This is an excellent,because you have a communication to your family and to everyone of your friend in the Philippines or other country.
Is so stupid. I hate it
TIMELINE STILL WILL NOT LOAD AT ALL!!! I liked my older previous version, IT WORKED!!! 3 Weeks and timeline still not loading... Facebook, you rendered this App useless with the new update... This is Ridiculous! 1 star is more credit than you deserve... #UNHAPPY
This fb sucks!  Wont load anything!
CARTAGO
Awsome app guys please join it :)
To slow its useless
Can't post pics ughhh pleasee fixx
Cool dd;
Love it
Cool
Good very helpful
Zulu
The most widely used social network and I can't get an updated news feed. or msgs to load, nothing! I have no cell phone and this is the only way I can interact with my friends and family. I swear updates for facebook and messenger are actually hackers messing with the system. HELP
Gud
Don't upgrade can't do anything!!!
This app is great for my friends to be on this. Great app.
Excellent
I get no updates and can't upload pictures or videos anymore or view any new posts. I get new posts 2 days after they have been posted. This update was awful. I even tried uninstalling and reinstalling and it still does the samething. It also says I'm offline when I'm actually online.
Fast efficient user friendly
update takes up to much space
Its great
Great way to stay in touch.
Cropping a profile pic is a bad feature....except it....this app is really good
Nice
U did not give me full sticker
New upgrade sucks, my feed always a day behind, I can no longer customize my post!
Fb has never been easier to use. Could do without all those crashes though..
While running in the background it drains my phone dry =/
It's really slow I don't like how sometimes I will not get a notification on my phone... videos take forever to load
Uninstalling the app!
Needs improvment it dosen't let me download it says error and shuts my whole phone
Annoying!  Won't let me edit my comments!
Slow
I am giving this three stars before its cheaking its OK but not soo
Taher  habeb
Stop updating to make it better!!!!! Ur only making it worse! I hate this updated version of fb! It freezes and just doesn't work well on my phone!!!!
Ajay
Why do you block the ability of sending friend requests if we send friend request to strangers? We make our own decisions & you guys are the ones that put them in our "people you may know" why would you block us then? & don't add a dislike button. And every time I try to play a video it says error
Of the s.livadiotis parts
I am not happy with any of these new updates....I only get the same things over and over again why cat it post the newest to oldest stuff not a jumbled up mess like this....I keep seeing the same person that had posted stuff a week ago....really!!!!  And I don't ever see any of my fav pages so I miss out on good deals now because they don't come in on my news feed
Verry good
Meeting new people
of changes all the time.
Facebook vs whatsapp
GEETING TO EVERYONE IN FACEBOOK LAND DONT FORGET TO DROP BY MY PROFILE CAN SAY HELLO ... :)
good
Lovely

Would like to see most recent news feeds first.
Nice to meet good people.
Thanks again for all your favourite sites and the Price of course the best way of life and work with the following week
Too much space on my phone occupied by this app. And really a lot of same posts over and over again, but some of new ones I never even see. Also too much "you may like this" and adds.
I love it can stay connected
Cannot load news feed since update!!!
I hit 1/10 when trying to click on "continue reading"
not so good very slow pls improve the app
This is an good app bt som times it hangs that is so irritating
Awesome experience in Facebook.
Keeps me connected with my family and friends
Everything is slow to load.  Can barely watch videos if at all. Always an error loading my news feed. Cant post without errors. FB....you suck!!!
Exclint
Time passing
Yoyo
good
Lovely
It went let me login? WTF!
It Runs Slow Sometimes , But Other Than That It's An Amazing , Usefull App . I would like a better look though .
Not working..
I tried to upgrade my facebook app for the nth time but it keeps on saying error. Just fix!
Love it
Takes years to load
I can't able 2 c the profile pictures of my friends and others.
Good one
Error message and stop updating facebook it mess up everytime videos don't play news feed slows down and much more please fix
I love this app its gret thenx.
Just oight mon
This is a great addition to facebook, makes communicating with friends fast fun!
Great app
***
One would at least think that a  100 billion dollar company would at least know how to write a decent app
No no no! This app gets worse with every update! Please there are some things I only want to share with certain people and your choices of who I share with are limited to groups now!!!!!
Error when playing the video
Google
More updates... more love
Always some kind of error & it freezes
I love it omg
I don't have issues with updating. But, don't like all the information that is allowed before you can update. Its intrusive,  an feel its an invasion of privacy. I have fb really only because my family have fb accts. An live far away. An this the age of social media.
Good
My boy
It alright but when i click on a video an error has occurred
Own an xperia z2 running Android 4.4.2 videos crash most of the time
Alright
Great way to keep in touch with your family and friends
I Will Only Rate It A Good Rate If It Will Let Me Delete It.
Gr8 app luvd it.....
The new update is bat verry bat. Makes the phone verry slow and freeze......
Updated by mistake and omg i cant believe how crap this update is!!!! If I wanted to see 18hrs ago I would scroll bk to it!!!!! New update needed fb!!
It gets me to facebook faster than browser. XD
It always crashes or something
amazing

Keeps crashing all the time. I'm starting to hate it. Please fix
Love
0 stars, doesn't worth the download
Love this app
Hiii
Message box is not opening and freezing the phone. Now i can't open messages as it will freez. Pls fix ur nonsens as i pay data 4 good quality services
Very good
Face 2 face
Newsfeed sorting please.  .
Omg.. quit updating fb... every update makes it worse. All it does is freeze opening up.
Dosent work for poop.  Takes forever to load anything.
I want short mb apps b'coz this is apps is long 22mb    plz createt neq apps as short mb
loves it
Nice job
Good
You need to fix a problem, i cant watch the Facebook videos sometimes and it's really annoying that I can't.
Yea
To many problems it suck
Gautam thapa
Pathetic app ever.. ther's no one to develop a working adroid fb app ??
my child want to create his own account but age is problem make it 10 years from 18.
Really?? The last update really screwed up..i will be scrolling through my news fed and my phone will just freeze. If i want to watch a video, i will vlick on it. But even when i do it freezes mid video and i have to close the application. I dont have any other way to look at my fb so i would appreciate if you would fix this bug.
Its great
Nice app
Love this thing whoop! !
Wont load anything. I can see notifications, but cant view them, cant see my timeline, can post status updates. Get your s**t together tyrone.
Wtf!!!posts not loading even in high speed 3g!!!distressed to use this app!!!
love it
Poohs
Very good
Have tried uninstalling and reinstalling app multiple times and it still doesn't work correctly.

Too slow slow as hell...
Takes forever to load pictures and videos, hardly ever works on my xperia z2 please fix this
Superb B-)
Hello
This App Is Wonderful I Have No Doubt In It!:)
chawla communication
Nice app
I like very good sexy    R choudhary
I love this browse
TOO BIG.
*********
Love it
Go on and make photo uploading is fill not cropped
Nice 1
Wonderful thing to communicate with our lovers..
I know somehow your algorithm fits many people's taste or mind as you've done some psychology experiment with us, but I need my most recent news feed back as a standard feature.
Ok ok h
Its the best app
Hassan
Kemaskini facebook
The bomb
facebook u don't deserve a good rating for this app....it takes a lot of ram...at least 60-65mb and slow down your device......make it more fast and light......
Fb
I love this app, I use it every single day... Only thing that drives me crazy is that we cant download/save a Facebook video... Please add this option

Okay
I can't update...says error from server....
Cool
Good
So cool
Its very useful app my time passes from this app i like it very much.......
It's a little sore and my notifications sometimes don't pop up , but good on other things .
Its good
I don't think so that this is slow version of chat and for uploading pics update comments&States
FriendsLisa Divens
Been trying to log in for 2 days and nothing is working.
It will not load! This sucks. Please try again.
Walla
Ok
Excitement
NOW IT WON'T LOAD ANY FEEDS! I updated the mobile app yesterday. It was working fine prior to. Now it's freezing and force closing. PLEASE ADDRESS! Samsung Galaxy Rush
Jason
Good
yes
THE app always gong wrong. .. could not loading pictures...could not doing anything...
Seems fixed at the moment
Superb
12345678
Crashes constantly
Thanx
Nice..I like it
I can now connect with my friends
Mhopare
Upgraded to new galaxy 5 and any links come up broken
Very poor..every time it sucks...
I don't understand why I am unable to view any photos on my news feed .when ever I update this app it always degrading it's performance . plz take care and let the next update improve its backdrops.
Keeps movin slow and videos stop playing after a while ..have to keep installing and unstalling just for it to properly work
I hate this new update. I can't get to my pending post to approve them. You really need to fix this issue!
i am verry upset for this fb now.. its to big mb.. it always update...  i think ill uninstall it for my mb needs.  sorry i have to do it.. it getting heavier ill open it on my phone broweser.. it getting me angry when my phone notifications said that i am getting low space memory.. its getting me mad for that...
Facebook also 1 friend
Sag or
Sex
Good
It's been a while since I said Facebook was good on my mobile devise it has been better then it has been in a while.
Not getting all notifications for me and when also sometime liking and commenting not working it showing ok bit when it not wrked
Nice
I will give 5 star... Only when there should be option for copying status
So good just like instagram
Alwas back to top
Suraj
I havent been able to scroll past 1 post for a week so far. Im deleting this app until you fix it!!!! And it says "you can still post while offline" WTF?
Slow won't load. Can't view or read posts. Uninstalling!
I laik..
It tells me cant start on your phone
Thank you
Frequent blackout.. Hangs often after d recent update. Plz fix.
Facebook has absolutely no reason for wanting access to SMS and MMS, and especially none for having access to the microphone 24/7.  Facebook signed in with the government and will now be able to spy on nearly everything on your phone.
Awesome
Yousaf
Awesome app and faster than the Internet
KO BANG IOS
Lemot kyk bagudung
S4 cant post pictures on comments.. it leavrs text ive written but the picture doesnt show.. this was fine until today. Bugs bugs bugs!
It fackbook
Goodle com fackbook friend pepor com
Marvellous.
Facebook is usually the best
Ooooh Hell Yeah!
Love It
Raza
This update sucked!!
fB
i cannot watch videos at all on this app.
Waited for it 2 dwnload since 2 hrs but its still not dwnloading ..... :/

Fae
Lafontaine of information
annoyed with this updated version... needless to change to the old one.. far better...
I very love
It was ok
Fun
It s very useful
It is better than going in to google
Great way to socialize
WORSE THAN EVER! This was starting to get better, but getting worse again.  This is becoming a useless app. Every single update screws this app up worse.
Thanks
I had many problems in the past with this app, however this app is much better.
Comments feed loops when trying to show previously posted comments
Bad
Alone
Love it
Awesome
chut
Its veryyyy veryyyyyyyy niceeeeee
Since 2007  long time account
Please do it much better than this features!!! Don't failure your best user satisfaction!!! Updated ASAP!!! Then 5 star will be approved. Thanks to your effort for all user.     Ps. I use device Samsung Galaxy Note 3 (SM-N900) Android 4.4.2 Kit Kat Official.
Its OK but sometime it take forever to go to someone page and things like that :/
Facebook is so cool and awesome for making friends and chatting with people
good performance :)
lemot
No gud
Nosey people
yadav
Best app ever u can find all your friends and more
News feed won't update...comments on posts won't update...can't post pictures. MAJOR problems that need to be fixed immediately.
Good
Stewart
I am unable to play embedded videos. It just shows error message after playing the video for a few seconds.
Almost every time I post something it doesn't show on my timeline but I get notifications that people are liking and commenting. Then when I can't see I assume it didn't post and I try again. Then it will say can't post blah blah... even with a full signal. Then I will go on my timeline later and I will have 2 or 3 of the same posts. Can we fix this bug please? Thanks!
This is very nice , i like this.
Realy its a nice worth communication among people who can keep on their relationship well...
Messages suck..!!!
Superb
this last update is really messing up I can't scroll through my newsfeed for at least 30 seconds because it freezes and forecloses fix ittttttt
Superb communication app...
Not a even single pics are loading. Just the words. Uploading profile pics, ther is no option for high quality image... Main thing is it consumes lot of Internet... Rest is gud.
Atif khan
Nice to meet you Facebook
Guna sekar
News feed will NOT load, photos will NOT load...undo what you did ASAP
I love this app..
Its waysom....
Please update itbthn ill give five stars. Pleasee update
Nice jib
1) Uploading picture with high quality option needed.    2) Night mood theme needed. ( black background ) because bright light of LCD screen makes pain in my eyes when using FB in the dark room.
Only on Facebook now my keyboard doesnt pop up when i go to type someone. So basically I cant respond to anyones comment or message. Please fix it.
Good
It nt wrkng wl & it is vry slw app.....
So good
Your app and your messenger is not working properly. Fix it and then I'll give all stars.
Its just be handle @ this time
Mr za man ki taraf say Salem
Very good
I like Facebook
Awesome
Caching more data
My family uses it. I might ad well try it.
Nice one
Good
Always crashing
Ilove it
Best social NW going
My timeline doesn't load at all now!
Nice
Acha yr.......
The worse version of Facebook too slow and takes 34 minutes even on full signal of wifi..to download a photo
Excellent
Love this app
Amazing app. Don't have to go online.
Cool
Constantly getting error message for loading. Can't see anyone's recent info and takes forever to load.
12345678
Far too big for what it does. Uninstalled.
crashed cant open anymore... uninstalled then re-downloaded... but cant install anymore and got error message says got an error during installation "-24"                               ps. been trying so many times ;_;
I can't c all my friend's post after updation. missing and some photos r uploaded by my friends was disabled.... Can't open....
the latest update took the images away . not a single image is visible in the app. loading takes more time to get the news feed. initially thought the internet speed is slow but when i changed the internet connection, i recognised that the app is not perfect now. one more update require to fix many things
Superb.
Can't log in by my phone number. Before the updates I could log in with my phone number. But now I can't , I did not create my account by an email, so fix it. My opinion went from 5 stars to 1.
Horrible.....
Facebook memang best gila klu digabung kan ngan tubemate..!!
Nice app
I just got the new galaxy s5 and this app won't download in to the phone. ??????
It s bcumng best 2 worst..its slower than any othr versions hate it gonna use it with my browser only
I have no idea why it is taking 3 days for Facebook to " update " it is making everything load so much slower so please finish updating already.

U all so time vist
Ok but would like to see all my friends pots.
So good...
I love it..... Awesome aap
...
Its really aggravating now that i cant even get it too install on my computer!!!
I Love This App. Facebook Is Great and Google..... Great Team Work
Please give the video downloading option.
Excellent
Facebook
I don't like the new up date I have to tag myself in my own photos to post them please fix
Connect friends
Att
W
1234567
Owner
Ever since y'all change the format and added to the videos play them selfs this app keeps freezing. Had no problems before the update . Once things are fixed will give a better rating would give 5 stars but not until things to go back to the way they were . Don't try too hard y'all had it going good .but right now I hate the app.
Gr8
Its is very gud application
It a great
Never had a problem with the facebook app except for the new update when you upload pictures the screen goes grey and doeant allow to upload. You can even view the pictures as your select them.
Do not like this Facebook will not load and if it does its extremely slow I can't see pics please fix
In most recent feed it shows from 5 hours ago...why it is not latest feeds....also refreshing doesnt help....updates made it worse than it was before
Not open in my mobil
Is been three days and can't see status pics or anything it just won't work not even on LTE
cool
There is no option to change my feed to most recent under 'more' on the right. Back to the PC I go.
see the comments my friends posted update on time Love....iT
Good
its always hanged,and the news feed always delayed.
It doesnt support well

Very nice..
Good

Love it
Good app
I love very much.....nice app.....
Very good app
Somthing went wrong 2 my FB apps when I start the apps it sometime returns back automatically so I would upgrade the latest version instead of this version
Each every time i open facebook it requires password...
Gud applctn
Ok
Good
Will not update. Keeps giving me an error screen.
Nice but it works slow...
Es mas rapida y todo directo para compartir fotos videos
It's slow and don't run right.  I hate that I have to take time off of my day to go to the most recent stuff instead of it coming right up.
good
Thank you
K
You got to be simple and have less updates
New update sucks takes forever to get a page and to download one freaking pic
Good app
Nice
Aso
Totally CRAP!!!
Love it
After new update my Facebook is not opening and in my previous Facebook they are forced me to update it ..please solve my this problem as early as soon possible Thanx a lot
Just got my Nexus 5 and since the latest Facebook update it causes my phone to freeze.  When I power down my phone the screen flashes several times as if its trying to reset itself.......not impressed!!!
good
Nic 1
Sausage
Its Cool.
So good
I wish that it would stop freezing up so much. For me to get it working, I have to uninstall it then redownload it. It is so nerve-racking.
It's really slow and it keeps crashing.
This app was just perfect but now is too slow and it has been crashing alot lately please fix and i'll give this app five stars again
After updating my Facebook, it is SUPER SLOW & takes forever to be able to load anything. If you are going to do an Update, don't do it! Get your stuff together Facebook or I'm going to delete my account!!!!

Galaxy S
Good Apo
Since I did the last update it only shows 10 posts, can't read half of the messages, can't post status or pictures, can't see who liked statuses, it's virtually useless. What I had before the update was fine but the phone company updated it while fixing something else. Now it's awful.
This is a good app
So gwood
Kashif Akbar
Neat use
When i try to watch a vid thats on FB its says this video cannot be played, EVERY SINGLE TIME!...
This
Facebook app for android is great just enable it to copy things in wallposts of other people.
Cvr college of Engineering
Just fine
Very nice
Starting to hate fb. Can't see pics right away and auto scrolls when im looking at something like a new post. Plus I can't make my profile pic private.  Not user friendly any more.
Cool
It's Facebook for  crying out loud
So guys this new update BLOWS. endless loading signals, says no connection and will post when online, cannot upload pics AT ALL. come one guys I thought you learned from this last time?? Please fix!!!!! GS4.
Face book
Well
Ok
User friendly..enjoyable..easy to access..
Good
Nice one
Thank you Facebook for the update that doesn't let me play videos wonderful job!
Lit bit kkk
Ok
Never loads anything. Deleting.
Tarzan
Needs translation
Love it
Saranda 2014
Dont work properly
First of all, I would like to be able to reply to comments using the app. Second, when I "like" something, it won't always let me...it forces me to unlike it right away. Or it won't remember that I liked something and I have to go back and like it again. Please fix this!!!!
This is the best version ever...
Ooooo
There are two things I don't like about the new update for facebook.  One: The way the emojis look now.  Two: How you can't  open your notifications and what not while you're in your news feed.  
Why does it takes up 80MB of space ??
Very nice.
Amazing
U have helped me connect and stay connected to lovely people
This App is aesom
Awada
Love More
Wish it would hop on the upload from dropbox bandwagon like all the other social media apps...
I love face to face book
It used yo be "just OK" but now it isn't good at all. I can't post pics as a status update and then choose  an album for them. Hate that I can't see all my friends posts. Hate all the businesses on there....and the list goes on...
The new look sucks
Niceeee
Star
The layout tooks some getting use to. But now it just keep crashing.
Some starting crashes pls fix it.
Bekar he.....download kar ke apna data barbad mat karo....
But it cost to many coins. Change the cost and i will give it a 5
Nice  in tha
If i tried to add someone from this app. I got disconnect. Totally fucked up
photos and videos not visible. im using  CM FLARE.. PLEASE FIX..
now its improwed i love it
App works well. View latest status updates and access facebook messenger. Some crashes and bugs.
Its take little bit more time  to instaled fb in micromaxbolt A35 its makes little irretate...even also very slow to work in mine mobile...
It is good app
Works great
So qut
Xxx
Videos stop play half way though or don't play and a message keeps popping up please fix this it's very very annoying
I wana back the old fb plz help me to get old or fix it if u want 5 star..
Osam
Hi
It keeps going back to top when I'm not finished reading or checking something out... How do I stop it from doing that??? Samsung galaxy note 2
With the new update it will no longer load pictures (except for ad pictures). Super annoying.
awesome
Horrible

Very nice to connect with friends...
I can't able 2 gv a prf pic ,bt whn i dwn ld d'z cn do it.
Ok
It's hard to online..so slow..
Please fix for HTC one m8 some of the features don't work.  Keeps freeZing on me. Will make 5 stars once its fixed.
Daroga rai
Bad upgrade
The reason for the 2 star rating is the lack of ability to set the most recent feed as default.  A year ago this was an option.  Please bring it back.
Not d best effort. I m not able 2 get news feed loaded. It's very slow
Good
Malik shani UK
This upgrade sucks! Never had a problem before. Glaxy lll
Lil
Last upgrade sucks!!!! Cannot tag
Its great
Not satisfactory ...!!
<3
Like it
To many glitches when scrolling through feed. Would like a way to add how your feeling in status for windows 8.
You can't See your own videos or others with out it being on the time line ! Its really dumb
By this aap you can find old friends....
Loved it
Deshmukh
Eh
7lw
After the update, content doesn't load. Also, it's very difficult to find a photo to attach as it displays all photos together without organizing them into folders like the gallery app.
Deleted. Slows phone down and drains battery. And takes way too long to load. Recommend desktop site.
Cool
This doesnt let me update my timeline
OK laaaa
Great apps
Good
Hate this app..but there's nothing better out
very slow
Awesome
Good sofware
U get to ring people
to slow...
Loving it only problem is that it takes a long time to load.
Good
funny
Update do
Hav to improve alot...please fix up the issue..it force closses..shows error in loading news feed..etc..fix it soon
I'M SO ANGRY AT THIS APPLICATION. IT'S SLOW. I'M ALSO REALLY SICK OF IT TAKING FOREVER TO DO ANYTHING. I HAVE BEEN USING THIS APPLICATION SINCE IT CAME OUT. THE UPDATE MADE IT SLOW. JUST FIX IT. SERIOUSLY.
I love fb
Best
G8 app
Lol
Improve better than that version...
Never wants to open up I have to re boot every time
With this new update my posts load up extremely slow, if at all. I just keep seeing the same posts even if hours have past. I have even tried uninstalling then reinstalling, but no change. Please fix it!!!
Facebook
The place Where a bunch of guys make moves on your fiance.
Love it so much
Downloding very long time in upload

Good
Nice app
Loading slow... takes forever to load.. or it won't load... bummer
No like pc i think thay do well in next time
Kk...,
Unable to play some video and getting error this video cannot be played
Wonderful. Yandam illam yamadillan yandam podwillam
Video not playing by its own player when the length of video is greater than 1 minute in Xperia Z2.
Makes my life happening
I could not use the record voice on my Sony Xperia T2 Ultra
Like
Can't watch videos with having an "unknown error" message pop up and can't watch the video
Hi gays
So good...
Yes
My Set Is slow Update It New Fb Version
I Love It
Nice!
Ramkishormeena
not log in
i cant download this apps
Really fed up pictures are not loading under my 3g network
Constantly Shuts Down After The Update. Can't Even Get On Anymore
Very gud ! But waste my times so much :(
dont like the upgrades to much
Facebook is not responding, thats all I get
Not good enough!
I love the app but the video playback for my phone needs to be fixed it won't let me play the videos  all the way
Facebooko
Please please please fix it!prev version is much better
It works great on my lg Marques
This update sucks!  Everyrhing is soooo slow?  taking forever to upload photos!  Boooooooooo
I love tis
My phone is noir A10 (also called canvas 2) with 512mb RAM. This app crashes all the time:/ :( plz fix it:(
I love it, it's a very good way of keeping in touch with family across the border.
Better for making connections
Its not working on my phone I have to use the inernet I have uninstalled 3 times please fix it I have been using it for a vary long time never had a problem till last nite
I like fasebook
I've once again had to uninstall and reinstall again to get the app. to work.
Ive had this app a while now but now it wont load my newsfeed or anyone elses timeline
Unable to view the pics. Plz do needful.
To bad
It dosent work always conection lost when i try to sign in
Works great!
Thanks a lot Facebook for helping millions of people around the world by the use of nonverbal and verbal communication.
Yeah              Steward
Update error in notification and news feeds plz update app
Excellent
Lovely app connect with friends..
Idk what's going on but Facebook has been operating very slow! Not just me either, talked with others & they say the same. Not just my phone!
Awesome
Good
Too stupid app I have ever seen.
The app will freeze, then force close. Afterwards, my entire phone freezes sometimes. It takes several attempts to watch a video, if it works at all, and when I do finally get to watch one, it is interrupted and I have to try to play the video again from the beginning. Sometimes it's a success while others it freezes my phone entirely again. It's ridiculous. Ugh.
New update has troubles...a lot of them! I keep getting kicked off. Says Facebook has stopped working and I didn't have that problem before.
Awasome
World no.1
Good
Foarte prost arata pe o tableta de 7
It's so slow, even on Wi-Fi with all the new features. Tone it down and make it simple.
Zy Yun 56 ht u km 5 sm m
Love it K
Love this 8. Chat. To my freinds all the time
Hi so i have a.sony xperia and i keep getting an error wen i try to play videos on this app and sometimes when it plays the video it stops and says there has been an error :( can someone please fix pls.
This app always stuck...please fix it
Randomly closes sometimes and can't get to others folder for messages or some other stuff that can be done on desktop like getting rid of game requests
I like face book too much
i don't like this new app
Wow
Its very easy and good software
Since the update everything is slow, you can't upload photos and if one manages to upload it takes forever. The news feed is all from the day before, you don't see stuff as it happens etc. And thats if you can even see the feed, usually I just get a spinning wheel. :/
Crashes all the time
Good
This app is heavy and take long time to load simple pictures. And why can't I copy paste from this app?
To slow...pls fixed it!!!!!!!!!!!
Why can't I change my custom audience in this app...  I really needed it...
I like it connect u with old friends
Superbly work
What ever you did this sucks! Pages won't load, don't get notifications until hours later, pics, comments won't load! To many issues to list! How much do they pay you people? Not much I hope.
Why am I seeing things from two days ago? There needs to be a most recent option again, and it still gives me an error loading news feed even when I'm connected.
(Y)
Hummmmmm
The news feed not updating like the old one it will not update even for 30 min plz plz plz i am requesting u to fix the problem plz and more fast
My Fb App Freezes And I Have To Restart My Phone In Order For It To Work
Awesome
Very slow....I hate it
This update is annoying pics wont show videos unable to play..not even get notifications poor update response fix it..
Good Good
Wow
Good
Was better bfor i upgraded
Im sick of this page..installing for howmany days but it appairs error....suck
I like this
hinay man lge????
Goodddd
great
1234
Go back to the old fb won't load wtf about to delete fb and go to twitter
It's great if you are out of town and don't have a computer.
You have to basically give all access on your device for this app.
Because easy too use likes and chat to friends. ..
My phone always hang when open this apk..please do something
LENOVO
Okok
Facebook is slow and doesnt work very well on my phone ive often thought of just deleting my account
Hi
Bro
While trying to Play video posted on facebook wall, facebook crashes. I am using Micromax Canvas 4, Running Android 4.2
Good
Good
You dont have to go on your slow computer and on the internet with this i am crazed 5 stars for you
could use alittle more. Like video talk.
Facebook crashes every time I log into
Everything's fine but its slower than the old one
Facebook messages from friends are getting lost. I am not receiving all my messages. Some messages I am getting week's later. I do not like all the advertisements posted on my profile. Some of sports teams and players I do not know. I delete, week later they are back. NOT happy.
Vk Productiom
Having issues with the app crashing when trying to repost anything in my news feed.
Great
Vary good
Facebook is good but instagram is better
Best app
Hate it !!! Updating sooo late
really good apps thanks
Its fablous, fast and intresting friends download it n u will love it too
Good at all
Its a great app
Love the app
Nice
Love it
khoob!!!
facebook
Good
M not able to view gujarati font in fb application in my sony x2 phone. Please advise how can fix this. Already uninstaled n reinstalled still did not work
Tory
Thank GOD all he have done for me, meanly the life he gave to me aboundandly in the name of his son jesus christ Amen.
Dhgfyjngi not worth it
IT'S  AN EXCELLENT PEACE OF WORK !
ROCK CHAN
like like
Can't play videos after the update in my sony xperia v
Nasar
Worked perfectly fine until the last update. Now I don't see any pictures at all.
I can't change my news feed type, new recent or most popular
Facebook has become so bloated and was taking up 144mb of internal storage space on phone. Decided to just use Facebook from browser.
Fix the layout of inbox and I'll be happy. Its terrible and old I would use the messenger app but I don't like it as it always says I'm active even when I turn everything off
kc_riverends
Timeline is so off! almost never loads completely and when it does its always stuff from yesterday. what about today?! and why dont i see post from ALL my friends and liked pages?
REALLY
The new update is slow as hell
Perhaps the only way to keep track of friends, classmates & above all my students because of whom I am in my present position .Thank you Facebook .
Amzing
Very populer sosisle netwerk
I like
Always force to close

Its nice lol
Fb calling now not activated in UAE please fix the problem. Please give me replay.
Sick of the updates!! I'm sick of it updating. I tried to post a video of my family n it said it was inappropriate. Everyone was dressed properly n everytime I update your dumb app its slower each facebook why can't you stop updating do the world a favor and leave facebook alone isn't it bad enough we have timelines and stuff. Also everytime I message someone It closes not cool
:)
Makes kids this generation too sensitive
Such a worst update .....
India
The link doesnt get opens in the app! It open in the browser!
The app crashes all the time. It also will not update my notifications.
full speed
1.Everything of own's Timeline should can share another page not only my page. 2.Save Microsoft Office on Page and Note. 3.App:Should can share on Facebook of messenger.
Tadaaa
Good
Started a couple days ago, newsfeed wouldn't update, couldn't upload pics, I updated, still not working..Un installed and re installed, now I can't even log in! Garbage!
Phudethip
Verry nic
Very bad
Betr then bt we carefully gyus....
Log!
:)  :)  :)
Yes
Too many notifications!!!!
thank you

It's better than previous app but slow
Awesome
Everyone loves Facebook lol...
Zein
The timeline freezes because of the videos. Stop trying to be like instagram with the automatic playing videos!!!!!!!!!
Great great apps
plz fix it. lags and bugs.
Nkmishra
Goog one
Ahmed
Ok
Stupit sala
Plzz update fb its very irritating
Markzuckerberg
I am unable to reinstall my face book. It wouldn't come up and now I get an error 24
Why doesn't it show current time
Error492 comes when downloading
This update is slow! The videos slow me down as I'm scrolling down my timeline. And the thing I really despise is the fact that I can't even take the upgrade off. Like, I'd much rather use the original app verses this "upgrade " it sucks.
My Facebook won't update or load status'. Facebook, your like a heroin dealer! Giving giving giving to make us feel good then you take it away and watch us 'withdraw'
I like this game
Nice apps
It's sooo cool
Having setting for news category and much more faster

I gave a galaxy S4 I Just applied the newest update and my feed freezes constantly I can't even scroll down the timeline without having to force close the app!  I wish they had an undo button... Seriously this needs to be fixed asap!!!!
10.0.0.28.27. version ·Ç³£²»ÂúÒâ£¬ÔÚtimelineÄÇ±ßµÄ¡°about¡±¿ª²»µ½£¬Ò»Ö±Ð´¡°Something went wrong. Please try again.¡±
Very nice owesome
If I can't get to a computer I have it on my phone
Stupid
Love it
Hi
It just got more fucked up
Out look like well
Weldon
Always says error loading news feed. I cannot get on facebook at all! What the frick happened! This update sucks!!!!!!
Nice
Good
See good have good
Plzzz help usssss
Good for time pss but the new fb i dont like
Mukesh
Gud
Normally a pretty decent app but I can't even upload pictures this morning. :(
The uploads are very slow, and they always stop at a point, so nothing ever get posted
Stop,messing with Facebook
Awesome
Ere
Great
Awesome experience on it I'm loving it it is fast and updated is better
Not working on Android 4.4.4....
Its very good for communatation
Its so wonderful!!
This app asks for way too much bandwidth. Quit kidding yourself Facebook,  nobody NEEDS you.
Excellent
Few problems with this app.. First of all, there is no button to photo comment. Next,  any video I try to play will only play for a few seconds before an error message pops up..
I like my Facebook app but whenever I'm scrolling down the news feed it pauses and gets stuck on videos
The latest update have loads of bugs.. 1. Saving photo forces the app to closed 2. Most of the time when I like a picture it doesn't respond to it 3. Editing privacy post settings reloads the entire app so you will start at very top of the interface. 4. The whole new layout was'nt very user friendly and it takes a lot of space 5. When I'm browsing pictures it crashes too. 6. Notifications are bugging out. 7. Eats a lot of ram. 8. The latest update is worst 9. It always crashes..
Please fix this. My facebook is really slow! If you're gonna update this please make it more worth it and more nice!
Ya its good
good

Everytime I click on it . It always says "Facebook is not responding"
**********
Yaheardme..
Back from my life
Its a fantastic application for Facebook users
This is one of the awesome application in the play store.
Awesome
Supar star
Best app
Firdos
GREAT
I can't update the last vertion -_- I'm so disappointed.
Love it
Google is ultimate!
Update hi nahi ho raha hai
Just couldn't get better!
App is slow... Busy... Hard to use.

Awsum
S¨²per slow
Ever since I did the update facebook has been moving very slow. I constantly have to force close the app. Today I had to force close to 10 times. I've never had this problem before until Facebook got "Advanced"
wrost app
Norma
Thanks again
But sometime is become slower
first of all i refused to do an update because of the last one didn't work good at all but apparently if u don't update at a certain period of time u cannot use fb so i was forced to update to this Stupid slow fb. it crashes  while u scrolling through news feed it crashes in d middle of watching videos i don't even get notifications alerts i dont get recent news feeds from my friends its always a day later. as i log in to fb it freezes then crashes. this is total BS. You all need to get it right.
Last update needs to be redone I can't send messages my comments are failing and most of the time groups won't load please fix its driving me crazy
Sheila c. Polo
Facebook don't dowload
Jos
It so very awsome.                                                      will be hobby.
Very cool
Dide
Very good
Good like this safion
THIS IS SO ANNOYING I CANT ACCESS CHAT WITHOUT THE CHAT APP AND THE APP KEEPS FORCE CLOSING ALSO TAKES FOREVER TO LOAD AND NOTHING CONNECTS TO FACEBOOK ANY GAMES OR APPS I TRY TO CONNECT TO FACEBOOK AND THAT APP DOESNT CONNECT FIXXXX THIS !!!!!!!!!!!!
not opening from the time i update it
Plz go back to the old facebook.
Sucks a duck fuckin a buck
news feed couldn't refresh please fix it
it was good app for connect fb
Dinesh Singh
"Iiii
:)
Nice
Very much updates :(
Like like
Since the update, Facebook will randomly close on me if I'm on it for more than a couple minutes. I can't even use it!!!
Ye wala facebook bht hi ziyada acha hai is mai khas bat ye hai ek or facebook mene download kia tha jo bht hi ziyada bakar tha ye bht zabardast hai so that's why i loved it.
Facebook is very slow
So many bugs, I can't even tell.
P tct
Good

Easy to use
I am giving this three stars before its cheaking
Johanna. CRUZ
§®§ï§â§ã§Ú!
I cant download!!!!
There is and has been an option to view your most recent news. Go to the button on the top right of your screen. Scroll down to your lists (close friends, family etc) and right at the top is Most Recent. Figured it out about 5 mins after updating the last time.
Facebook is a good app but some persons don't know how to use this rediclous app

Allan peter
Then it would be perfect
Fix Fix Fix Fix Fix the app and there Is no option for comment replying
Keeps hanging now. Plus sometimes pictures dont get saved. It keeps saying error saving pictures. Fix the problem please.
9999
Snowy
Not bad
Very nice
Ok
Nice on My Android
Best social site ever.
Germany is winner and argentina is lose..
Jain
great
It's slow and videos don't work properly
Alok
Very good fb
good enof
It's faster
Nice
So fun!!!
Bekaar apps
035111
good.
Best app. Love it! <3
Why i cannot move it to SD Card?? Im using samsung S5360
The app has trouble loading news feeds quite frequently,  does not always unclude recent posts even when recent posts are selected,  and each update that is completed only temporarily solves the issues where error messages appear of no Internet connection or error loading news feeds. This app also has trouble including the news feeds from groups that you are a part of in your feeds.
I can do everything now on it
Okay
I cannot see my tagging,  Always error or no server found  , pls fix it.  I'll gv u 5 star if it back to normal again
My facebook is always get a force shot down ..  I update it and this is what happened   ?? update is to upgrade not to down grade .. right ?? fix it please ..
Nice
Doesn't provide all features a Desktop Facebook has. Like Polls for example. Also I would like to suggest that there be a Document we can upload and secure it with passwords. Or give a clue about passwords. It could be usefull to Page, groups and more.
great
Hi
Jj
Supper
This app sucks  majorly!!! Its waste of time.
Nice app
Nice updates .. And a bit fast app too
I can not understand why a company like facebook are not able to develop an app that fully works on every device!!!!
Fix this guys :)
Umar sajid
It is a lower class girls used
This app is great but wayyyyyyyyy to many security obstacles,in fact this fukn sucks
M
Very good
It won't let me watch all of the video. Like realy cx
Loved it
Happy2 lah selalu
Can not log in
Sex korean

So far you have amazed me with different addons,.  Keep up with the improvements,.!!! Have a great day,.....:-)
Please allow us to download video from it, we need the previous version
Good anjoy
What happened?  This used to work now I feel like it just kills my phone and battery as well as time waiting for anything to try and load.  Facebook is going the route of not as much fun...are you next to be....MySpace... remember that super hot site? Fix it is all the public asks..you can't say you don't have the money to do that.
This app is excellent,  just loved it....
Mere play sore sa koi b file save ne ho rahi downlod ho k dobara downlod shuru hona shuru kar dati hai
Works well.
I love this.....
Good
It could be better....startup takes time....slow working....and lacks common sense
it
Minash
I like this app
There is no comments, I love it
Oyeah
The newest update glitches my entire phone out. It wont load notifications. When I send messages it takes forever to send my message. The app "stops working" at least five times a day. I tried reinstalling it and it does the same thing. It lags my whole phone. Pretty sure this is the worst update yet as I've never had any problems with the app before.
Facebook is the best app.  I can get many info and meet new people.
It is good and bad apps
Nice
Hell yeah
Why there is no option to reply on comments and i cnt even see the repplies but on my desktop i see everything
Cooooooooooooooooool
I would its better to use via browser than this bogus app
Precast factory director
Nice
Love it
Great app
Excellent
best apps
App
Kathmandu
I can acess to everything in my tab by Facebook
plz add option for comments reply.  Photos cannot save :/
Cool app sometimes better assowm app
Pics loading Very slow
My updated app freezes 2 to 3 times a day.
I dont know what was the reason why i cant install facebook in my android..give me sime tips.
Its good
Very bad app. When needed to create a group. It is not usable
Stupid updates make the app freeze all the time now
This is awesome :)i really really like it xD
Shitt

Facebook is a good way to connect to friends with some cons.
Good
Wow fb
Jst dont require any other
Its a really good app best I ever had
Not working properly in samsung GT-S5300 model
facebook
Love it
Atomatic force close
Nice app
It works
Fully time wastage
I can't watch videos and this app is extremely slow...very disappointed...please fix this as i have a droid!
I like Facebook
Its very cool
ITS AWESOME AS
Error. Error. Error. =(
This is the best application for contacting friends and family who are far away and timeline doesn't update quickly
Nice
Good
Face Book let's me see how everyone is doing
Nice app....but still neeed improvements  like closing images and videos .... i wish it should be same like in ios
It is a good app. It has no bug.
Gautam
Superr Like
Good try
Coleby
Still can't have most recent timeline when app is opened. This makes it very dumb. Its Saturday but I'm reading posts from Thursday. Wtg fb. You still suck. YOU SUCK!
It's very nice
I truly love the latest update. Now I constantly get no connection messages when I'm definitely connected AND you graciously have caused my phone to freeze up,  an issue I've never gotten to enjoy before with this phone,  even with 5 apps running at once. Nope, good ol Facebook figured out how to freeze it all by itself. Why cant you get it? You update crap that's fine, inevitably destroying it. Shame on you.
Not work properly. It mb is 19.99 but whent it update it showes 60mb. And while I use after 15min it will restarted. It not good.  Fack. Should not try to update this apps.
Good but sometimes it does not respond.
Crashed Facebook can login tried old pass word notten doing I do not like crash style every mo. When I do not touch for two weeks at time so like my facebook back  if its not blocked or forget
i like this app very much....
Good
It is very slow in loadin notification n msgs...overall its a nice app:-)poke option is not available...
JUST STOP UPDATING EVERY 1HOUR YOU ASSHOLES
Its very.bad
4 everyone and anyone wanting friends.
Its good but come on how much ram does this app need its takes more than 100 mb of ram and makes the entire phone laggy. Don't get me wrong it's a great app with good ui but come on everything has been going wrong with every update i need a app which is more reliable and efficient. Either fix all of its problems or give developers rights to let them make a better app
jogal
Friendly
I love it
BrilliAnt
I love you Google moto e
I roster my cell after it shows me Facebook is not working on this phone what can I do I hate this app plz make shore before download it      it was working or not
Facebook
My longuage changed aftr Ths updt Plz solve it
Facebook update is awful, wish I hadn't updated! This new update is also bad! Now can't see videos!! Crashes over and over !!! Go back to one that works!,
Yo cool man
i am loven'it
Good aap working good
Hymanot
Very very very slow 
Plz do something
nice app i love it thnxxx u
Great
Need improvement......
Yes it's cool
I love to be online ever time
Lol! It
:*
Loving it
I want the older version back, it was way better. And please drop the annoying thumbs up in messages
Lalalal
Kishan
Arvind

The update is no better .I cant see all of my friends post .If I post something it doesn't show up on my timeline .Its slow and what not .
Maya Company
Time. Pass ka sab sy acha tareka
Mimi
Whoop whoop
Not loading my stuff
Its just got sick with this update everything isn't properly working
Good very good
So far so good
Can't see or leave comments on videos. New update crashed a few times
awosam
Good
Cepet downlot
I dont receive notification while i am not on the app
Niceee
Thambisiva
its too bad for group posts
Videos posted are not playing properly. Bring back the old version!
Oh c'mon. What kind of update is this?
why i cant download the app.. please fix..
/  Hugs&tube
OMG ! Theeres soome error , buut its algood ! :)
Since the recent update, have lots of issues like can't play video or can't view pics coz it's too slow to load.. pls fix this.
Love it but.  It really occupies mau whole storage :( it continiously go larger and larger everytime i use it
Super
Wari
Very slow.desperating.takes too much time in loading. Pls improve.New version is totally hopeless.
This is good but the main problem is that when we login it needs super space pls fix it ASAP
Awesome
Awesome
Butt need some one changing
i have vry apps but this is uniq
Goods
Good

Hate that my timeline refreshes randomly while I'm looking at something and it  forces close alot. It also takes forever to log in #NeedsFix
Please make it movable to sd
Fb
Plz fix video problems on Sony device.
The best social app
Nice app!
good job
Nice
I think you will be getting many many more 1 star reviews if you don't hurry up and put the news feed back to most recent!! Who wants to see all old stuff??!! Other reviewers right... gets WORSE with every update... very disappointed... Now videos won't play more than a few seconds... Why don't you leave things alone?!!
Love it!
its a loveable app
Continued thank you!
TUO Sombor
Great to use sach app...
Mo yunus
K9
Very good
Note 3
Mmmm
First class or a gold class social networking site. Please insert multiple delete in messages module.
chat option not working
Very good for all and Thanks you very much sir support to me and than for all.
Thanks

I don't really care for the updates on Facebook
Great
Keeps crashing on my Sony.. Heard by others that it crashes also!! Please fix!! Frustrating!!!!!
i like this app.
Dash Trouble Lights 07/03/14 Thursday @ 9:00 a.m.- est - NYS
Worse apps ever
Nice fb
Hellyeah
This update is broken! I can't open my Facebook at ALL! Now what...?!
Ya super application
nice and cool allocation
But i want more like vedio sharing via message...
terbaek
Great
Hi
Loved the previous update. Fixed all the bugs and force closures. But with the new update, they are back!! I really wish you would test the reliability of your updates before launching them!!! Disappointed!!!
Excellent!
Sos
Good
Latest update no longer let's me link my games to my Facebook account.  I have Uninstalled and reinstalled everything and the games just reset.
Every version is bad more than the older

Urgh
Facebook very improten
Very nice
Hasim mansuri
I like
Doesn't want to load constantly forecloses. At least before the upgrade could see comments and comment. Now constant errors and even got response that it wasn't installed on phone. Opened after third try.
I am loving it
Hangs my phone sometimes
I have a problem regarding notification counter on the desktop icon is not working in my micromax A114 (canvas2.2) plz sovle this problem i am rating 3 stars now but if u solve this bug i will rate 5 star
Very.  good
Great
It jst wont open after a few days of downloading it!!
Excellent
Horrible
Every time I download it. Tell me to reinstall it
Wowo
Love it
Facebook
'Really hate this app
Owsummmmm
Not downlode focebook video
I love it
Good
Nice
New
Plz make more gud
Imposible to use on a single core device.
Fabuls...<3
Karan
Great
Most of the time when I look at the picture that I want to see this application logs. Hope it will be fix.
But too late
Facebook
I dont know what u guyz have done to it!! Its really getting slow instead of getting fast and u have also missed many features . Instead of making it better u add many new features in it which makes it real lame!!!
This tha best
Nyc
Always getting blank screen please sort latest update bad slow laggy and freezes very slow on loading throws me off when searching
Excellent
This ok but not missile
My timeline have's had an error for the pass 45 mins..please fix it cuz im mad tht i can get on my page 
Good

I am in touch of my friends, families, professors, only because of this great Facebook apps. Thank u Facebook team :)
No
ok
good
This is very gd apps for using it into the android set
BEST EVER
Wrt
;)
Taiwan101
Awful. None of the videos play and now it refreshes news feed whenever it likes.
Sonale
Its to goods
Hebat
Application is good but its size is big which makes it to run slow on low memory handsets
Good app try this
Supscrib pweese i need likes
Excellent
The app itself is smooth and its presented well. I like the new face tagging methods. The one thing that facebook has always done is change things their way. I dont want to see most popular... I want most recent. I love the related post idea but I want it to be in my order. I know u can change it but that has to be done manually. Every time. Also, I dislike the fact that you have forced everyone to download messenger... some good changes some bad. Stop trying to reinvent the wheel facebook
Love you my facebook frnds
Love you
I don't have any problem with the app but it's bad that it doesn't go to SD...>:(
Ahaha I'm handsome
Nice
Last update has stopped the widget from working, y muck around with something that was already working!!!
Very nice app
Best
Great way to stay connected.
After the last update, the app ran slower and took more memory than usual.  Decided to do the "uninstall reinstall" thing.  Now it doesn't even install on my phone.  This app was okay.  Now it's just getting worse and worse.

Love it
Don't download
Very
Lop it man wat a easy way chat
Fece book
Needs an update
It's better
This app will not stay open i have unistalled and reinstalled so many time please fix this app
Works pretty good :-)
This is New look and beautiful design :)
nice
Mind blowing app.....
Fb automatically closes when any video link is clicked can't refresh taking time
Eats too much space on my phone, seriously 18MB and then what? after you logged in on the app it will become 36MB?
Love it
Need to work more on it
Nic
I hate how when ur scrolling down ever video u pass starts to play by itself. I don't care about half the videos that I pass because there stupid and I don't want to watch them. It just really ticks me off.
Too heavy app for Samsung galaxy win .. also load on typing. . Facebook using ram 40mb.. higher than other apps.. continuously running also in background but notifications got too late..
Soo melodious
I hate the new design
What's going on with this app? Takes up to 5 min just to open.  Its better to log on via browser than this shit app.
=/
Akashdeep
The updated sucks it keeps closing off pls fix -.-
Great
It's not cool
This update sucks... Ever since this update I haven't been able to get on Facebook. It just keeps closing. Please fix and I will give you the five stars back.
I can't install this apps..why? It said it's invalid package..
I love it..
Download this app so new position just best and supper
Bumaijojo
Keeps crashing if i try to watch videos. Ot somtimes just out of the blue

This update takes forever for videos and pictures to load. It's absolutely horrible. C'mon Facebook, you can do better than this!
The newer update made my Facebook load slower though
ttr
I used this app and i really have a nice time with it....its relaible
Great app
Horrible app....the timeline has an error and it won't load for nothing. I've tried everything. I just hate it :(
I love it
Oky
Work properly and easily
A nice application to stay in touch and stay updated with ur friends and important happenings around. ....
im having fun....
Nice
Please give option of ' reply to comment ' also like web...It gives image load error , please fix it soon !
facebook
.much better than the old version .. keep it up #FACEBOOK ! :)
Good
Love it
Umesh c sehgal
Bad thing i wanna change my facebook email link were the people can find me but i can't change it..:(i hope you can give us a chance to change it..thanks and more power..
Darling
Interesting tht fb keeps on updating its user interface...
Black screen only for x10 mini pro, please fix!
Ok so it is so freaking annoying that almost ALL videos on the fb app now just play as you scroll Down. It freezes my phone and makes using Facebook an annoying and slow/laggy process. If I can turn it off I'll change my rating but until you tell me how to turn off the auto play on vids it's 1 star.
Huge, uses 100MB+ device RAM. News feed defaults to "top stories" instead of most recent posts. Recently added audio recording and recognition feature raises security concerns.
Sunilkumar
Nice
mastt
Error saving pictures please fix it
km
J
Every since I updated it, it freezes all the time..n shuts down my phone. Slows everything ony phone down. Please fix or  gonna uninstall it again.
Kailash
Goog
Comments are messed up, some images are not able to load and too damn slow. Android L

Sony xperia miro
Share link
Should Improve
Taiwan101
Love, can connect to familia
Would be nice to be able to edit my favorites and add people to it rather than only being able to take people off the favorites list
Liked it
eeu
Facebook
Only takes a big memory of my RAM
Love it
It a very good app but the only problem is its so slow loading anything well atleast it is sometimes
This sucks!!! The new update won't even stop setting up to even see what the update is like!
Saya suka aplikasi ini
Facebook need a real update I like it and everything but its getting boring change the color do whatever its needs Facebook looks dead
I still havent tried it
Sick of the updates!! I'm sick of it updating. I tried to post a video of my family n it said it was inappropriate. Everyone was dressed properly n everytime I update your dumb app its slower each facebook why can't you stop updating do the world a favor and leave facebook alone isn't bad enough we have timelines and stuff
Make more hi tech
Good
Weak
L
Ive had this app for so long it's been good and out of no where it keeps crashing i open it loads and before it shows newsfeed it goes back to the home screen hw am i supposed to cgeck my facebook now i also reinstaled it, it still dosent work
Nice app it is
Ek no. Hai facebook always love it
Suck suck suck..this new version sucks ..
I like fb
J
Awsm app... for fb
Its okk but not  too good
I hate the new layout and i hate the way the app looks
Love it
Live laugh love
for Social media
after updating d app I can't able save any photo n also post n notification is getting slow...pls fixed it..
Very best
So fast so amazing
I am  speechless as it doesnot work well in my samsung galaxy tab 4 LOL
Pisti pisti lng!
Nice
Nice
Nice
Sun bhai fb ka purana version ki mast hai..... Ye naya wala lol hai...... Need to more improvements......
Just updated! Everything has vanished! No news feed,no profile,no pics,no notifications!!! Can't even log out!!!! What's happening??? Get it sorted!
Please fix the news feed.
Need more improvement ^^
It could be a little bit faster but good
Yo
FACEBOOK
ALL
I think it is a good option to use
Can't post pictures in the comments section.
Wth! where's the most recent or top feature!!!!ugh
Tired of being blocked for posting photos that do not violate your terms.
Worest one...i am not able to play videos..fix it
Facebook seems to walking backwards with theirs constantly updates... to much os micho management. Like any other corporation now in days
Nic app
Bad update slow Facebook going to hell from me I quit Facebook account for ever just waste of life
Its gr8 to be connected to loved ones always.
eka deyak wenas karanawanam wenas kaeanna compiutar ekawage sinhala wada karanna hadanna.
naga
When people tag me in things, i'd like to add them to my timeline. But when i go to add it Facebook wont open onto it and apparently theres an error? I've tried to delete and re-download the app but the same problem appears. Help?
Keeps forceclosing
Please fix the bug. It keeps on freezing both my mobile phone and tablet.
I give 4 stars.
Better connectivity better life
Goodbrowser
I like this!!!!
Cool
The developers shuld stop making apps if they cannot make a simple useable app for the need
U have to uninstall and reinstall this app if not it takes too much space
The bestest app
Ok
Very exciting
Excelent app.. In lovin it..
please fix and make it movable to external sd card please
Since last update, cannot upload videos. App freezes and black screen then back to homescreen
Everyone loves Facebook,so do I,it's an excellent app.
We need the option to choose our photos from folders in our gallery. Not all pics clumped together.
I love this app
Its bring frd closer
I
Muneer
It won't download the app to my android phone.
I can't delete events or delete guests I accidentally invited.  I can't post videos. ???
I like this
Good
Its facebook so if you want it get it
Its gd
Incredibly frustrating reading down my timeline, then having this app randomly jump up to the top and reorder my feed, so I can never find the interesting-looking item I was about to tap on. Same thing happens when I open a link, then want to go back to FB to share it - feed has been shuffled so I can never get back to the post again.
Very bad
SANPOV 093833015
Sweet
No reply...
They've made it easier than ever.. If you don't know how to use an app properly don't take ur frustration out on the developer. Try switching to most recent instead of staring at top stories quote: all day long. Great app guys jeep it up. Tops the browser version by far.. And haters gon' hate. Its all good fellas
Can't live without it.
It's cool to be online
Nice
i love facebook
Extremely slow.  How the heck do you uninstall the update without removing the app?
Nice
New update sucks! I hate you dumbasses. PLEASE BRING BACK MOST RECENT AS DEFAULT! TOP STORIES IS REALLY STUPID AND ANNOYING! NO ONE LIKES IT!
-8-8-8-8-
Nice fb
Great. Performance
Bravo
Very gd
Until the app stops closing all the time on it's own I'm only giving it 1 star. Just today is when it started doing this all the time.
Y'all trippen it is a great app
The notification not shown on my statusbar.
More good
In this apps i found many features
Excellent time - wasting app :)
Unknown error during installation 901
akl kulyar
liked it 100%
Its freezing,  videos stop in the middle of viewing, kicks me out the app... idk what's going on!  Oh please fix post! Tired of seeing post from hours even days ago. I shouldn't have to  click recent post in order to see the latest posts it should come up automatically!
Awesome app!
A Nak715
Add more people for more  fun! fun!  fun!
Like
Occupies lots of ram and making phone slow....useless app i need to say....
:D
Mst zbrdst...
I don't like it
I just don't know what is happening to Facebook nowadays, it's is not as good as it used to be......
Love it
Iii.
Star
Love it
w
Facebook,.com
Good app but have to keep reinstalling to get video working on Sony Z2, as it plays 10 seconds and the says unsupported video :(
Crap
to use

Still crashing on my android and ios. Can't watch a full video of 3 minutes on my android.
Great The best
There virus don't bother downloading it someone hack Facebook users send them messages were it not u send the messages
Loved it
Very nice
Down. Load
I like to talk to people and this helps me meet new people and keep intouch with my family and friends
Cool app lik it....
Good social idea.
Excellent.
It makes much simplier to access...
I have a note 2 and i cant get it to download =(
Very good
Nyc app to use. Plz change d Facebook logo as it do not appears to be attractive
I love it.
N
Hello
Dada oy Soytantar kotha vebe kno labh ney.o ekta faltu meye ok Bhule jaw..
Kind of ok
Like it
Nice
I liked this app and it is nice than older fb app
Good
Good
It rarely let's me in, I have to turn my phone off to hope if I starts working again on my Droid X but it doesn't FIX THAT!!!
Need more update
Trash
:o
Nice
At the point of wanting to delete this app. I can't see all of the comments on most of my posts. I click on a notification, and it doesn't go to the post at all. Fix this!!
This app sucks. Every time I want to go on its says this app don't want to respond, like really TF ??-.-
Friends are hard to get.

Update made this impossibly slow. It needs several minutes to load anything. Faster to use mobile website.
I like it because it save's me time I don't have wait on my internet to load that why I give five stars
Bad
Wtf
Helps u keep in contact with friends and relatives all over the world.
Love this 1
the developers are definitely trying hard to make it a perfect app..
Add feeling option please
My news feed wont view most recent posts anymore. It only shows posts from days ago.
It's very very very very slowly and poor..
It could be better
Enjoy fun and friends allways
Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2
Poor
Crashes all over again! What happened!? It keeps on crashing everytime I'm opening it! Please fix this problem.
Cool
Nice app...... .
KEEPS CRASHING!!
Yeah its its gud wrks prfct
Like
Supar I liked
Love it
Kan lekker vinnig op Facebook kom & kuier.
sein htoo
Works
Its a very cool app to keep in touch with family and friends
Sameer
Get rid of the ability to spy on us, listening to and recording background information!!!!!!
\ :v /
I used to love fb now this app is a mess. It is not easy to figure out anymore. Posts are messed up in plenty of ways. The whole app just isn't at all as good as it used to be befote you started `TRYING TO IMPROVE OR CHANGE IT!!!!
Error message pop up at all times,  it freezes to often.
update done nothing! ! same ol Facebook! !
But too much spend memory
Good
Quick and easy
wtf
New update sucks  takes lot of memory
Pukinang Ina download ulit
Absolutely hate the new update! Timeline won't update takes forever. And if I'm ever lucky enough to see an update it's post from the day before. And what's the point of having a friends list if I can't see all my friends post. What right do you have picking and choosing which of my friends post I get to view. Fix it and I'll give it more stars until then 1 star is all you get. And that's one to many...
The only thing with face book is I think we should only see friends of friends as potential friends instead occasionally you get some nude total stranger which I really don't want to see.
Always update and using more data...it's difficult for are poor person or family using FB.
i like it
well done
Add more securities and more convenient to use and faster to load...
Uses a huge amount of space and ram. Slow as 8bit and now is causing several error codes because of a sync issue. Sucks
Worst updat ever. Unable to upload pics. Timeline won't update. Nothing.  I'm better off uninstalling the app. Nothing works!
Thex for puttinh this back
Awesome
Can't watch a video...
when I get to see top comments i'll give u 5 stars ?!
I hate learning new things every few months. It is to early for me to say give me month but as of now it works.
It is awesm using it .....
hope i can easy install
Oke
Its realy good apps.....
FACBOOK
It's awful made the old facebook look fantastic . The new one is slow can't see what I'm typing when i post it makes me dizzy cause i cannot see the posts from my friends without the screen jumping around and o want the older version back but i can't find it i hate updates
Sukh  Bains
Facebook
I can't get into Facebook period on my galaxy s3. A message keeps popping up that says "unable to retrieve timeline." I can't see news feeds or anything!!! Were disappointed. Fix!!!!!!!:O:O:O:O:O:O:O:O:O:O:O:O:O:O:O:O:O:O:O:O:O:O
Nice
Error download what happened? Help me
Latest version was good.
Big screen
Khan
Love feace book
Great application
Great and easy to use.
Facebook app just works...
Sometimes I have troubles refreshing somethings, but other than that I love the app!
Not working properly
Def
It much better and better now. Thank you Mr. Mark Zuckerberg !
Lill bit slow and doesnt give notification on wall if any message  comes....
Working ok on my s4
always. force closes and I need to keep. in contact. with certain. people
Great
K
I like the app cuz it allows me to keep in touch all the time, but theres a few things that get rlly annoying. For one, the video playback is screwed up. When im playing a video, plackback stops almost every two seconds, literally. To get it to play, i have to pause and unpause the video every time it does this. As a result, the video playback is choppy and really, not worth the trouble. Its very frustrating. Please fix!!!!!!
This is the best chating  app ever its world wide Love it!!!
Okay ig
Won't let me use any other apps, because it takes up way too much room in my data. How about coming up with an app that doesn't need so much space?
-__________- ./.
Super
This new version takes a longer span of time if I have to load something(in comparison to the old one). Pls fix.
This last update for some reason doesn't show most recent posts in my feed
I regret something that i've been updating my facebook.
App sucks rather use web based..
please send me fb code
Oklah
Everything you need is already in one app. You get to share everything and anything. Any smart phone couldn't live without Facebook! Looking forward to more updates and better features! 
Ahhhhhiiii
I am having trouble downloading this app. Please help me get coneted .!
App update creates problems...
This app is good but I have a one question how to create a Link. ...??? Add this option than I will give you 5star. .
This id great on the phone
Niec app but slow
Best app
Love it
The app has been a great app pictures downloaded, it's much faster now, space becomes the problem. It's taking to much room on my phone. It will be lovely if it can be moved to SD card or shrinked. Other than that it's lovely, it`ll also be lovely if there's an option of having two accounts in the app like twitter so the accounts will simply be alternated.Kindly fix
Good
Awesome
Kareem
Nice
Crap..!!
Nice app
._.
Interesting
Its nice
Love it but it keeps crashing and its not working. It was doing fine till now fix it and it will get a better rating
Better when you could make private albums.
I'm going to go ahead and uninstall. You guys obviously don't care about what people want. I'm tired of the constant problems and issues. It's become clear you don't check your reviews and you don't read your emails.  If you don't care.  I don't care. Uninstall! -Samsung Galaxy S5
Thik hai but Jada acha nahi ...
Force closing everytime after i watch a video. Please add reply to comment box. Can't transfer to SD card.
Since it updated it freezes and crashes all the time. Facebook really needs to fix this its annoying!
Fun
I hate the new version of Facebook and I want the old one :(....now I can't tag my friends in the sharing posts!!!! I really hate u now!!!!
Dislike all the defaulted unchangeable features. It's my page so I should be the one who decides the defaults.
SUX
I love this app
Whenever I tap on a status on accident or to click on a link that is on the status or something it brings up the comments! I first, I thought I was accidentally pushing comment, but MY FINGER IS NOWHERE NEAR COMMENT! fix this! It's really annoying!!!!!
This app works fast and never closes while I use it.
I love it because I can chat with my friend if I don't know there phone number. But can you update again because I want to create my account with chinese letter. And now I can't!!
Please add the ability to reply to comments. It's annoying when someone replies on a computer and you can't reply back, you have to comment again. Also, when I look on a post that was on the "See more" section and I exit out it sends me back to the beginning of the page/timeline, then I have to scroll back down again. Please add replies and fix this issue and I will give 5 stars. Thanks. ~Kevin
Random crashes. They interrupt the games.
yayan
The Facebook most popular software and the new version is good
Excellent
It is not work well .. There is not a rine while i make  a chat with any person
Face Crap
Everytime I log in it freezes that's not right I installed the app on my phone and it freezes I deleted it and install it again and it won't log me in and everytime I try send a picture it logs me out messenger is better than this crap that's just bullshit please fix this problem
Love this app its fun!!!
Boring!!! Very slow.
Texting app
Good
Video always error aishhh is it because my network? I don't think so, i can watch YouTube without any problem. Fix this fb video thing fb team pls.
Great app!

sali Duniya Da Bhatha ee Betha dita ehne
Very
I don't care that people have updated or posted a comment on a post. If I want most recent I just want to see the latest new post in the order they were posted. So close to getting rid of FB on my phone.
It's not safe anyway ¨r(¨s_¨t)¨q
O k
Really i like it .very good  and easy to access .
This is the best-disguised NSA app I've ever come across. Sure I read why what permissions are needed on the FB help page, but I don't believe that crap lol. Have at it boys! All my porn and worthless sext messages... Still like the app for faster messaging.

It's dead af
Chill with homie
V.good..still has sum problem
Messenger
Freezes CONSTANTLY.  Have to restart my entire phone to make it work. Every time one problem is fixed a new one pops up. Can we get it together please?
love it
best game arond. Thd world!!!
Wla lng i like it
Facebook
:)
Dont waste your time.
There is a place called myspace maybe we should all go there.
What did I do to deserve this crash? Trouble loading news fead, unknown error.. other people around me with the same devices aren't having problems with it..
It is what it is!
Ti fu o h mil graffiti Young Jung de m
Please include about replying in a single comment like in web can reply in a comment tnx
It wont download
Aishu
Okm
Crash's to much
I like it
Takes forever to view a pic, and its always lagging nd force closes on me
The new Facebook is great I love ittt !!!!!! :-) :-) :-) :-)
Looks good
Why most resent post not show I need this version is suck
I love it
Ossm
It has all the features that we want, but the only thing it doesn't show it the birthdays..
Biggest load of crap for an app, uninstalling in 3,2,1
bad..
Running smoothly
gud working
Sucks
Very slow.....
This new update sucks i have to wait for a long time to open it when i go to my page it stucks for upto 5 min and then it work too slow plzzz fix this
X
Just need to be better
It  waste my battery :( but itz good plz fix it
I can talk to my friends and family  I  love thanks
Can't upload photos. Fix it and then stop the updates.
Fix the infinite scrolling issue
Idk?
oklah
Great
App repeatedly closing now!!! Don't like new layout either. Hard to update Newsweek
Awesome
i like it...
Love it
Keeps coming up with report issues # 1732910 and other interferences!!  Please fix
Very good
Though its an amazin app....slow sometimes..loads previous timeline...laggy ...look into it...
Before my phone upgrade by it self I didn't want to upgrade cause everybody was having trouble before it I could watch video's and look at pictures now it leads slow or it goes in and out of a video in the middle of watching it and since I have no choice but to have fb on my phone I can't delete it to save space please fix
Love it
I can't play videos on this app but on the same device I can watch videos if I login from a browser do why the hell I want this app if I have to use browser.....
For some reason it won't load pictures.  Not much of a use for having the app if it won't show pictures.
It amazing
Reply on comments are not visible
I am
Previous problem fixed thank you!! Will give 5 star if I can reply to a comment like when we use Facebook in PC.
Nice
To Be Expected.  :)
Every sexy app
facbook
My likes aren't showing and can't always post after entering my text? Are you n greatly downsizing the amount of c characters we can enter; and should we go over this limit, the post button is disabled?  It's so frustrating!!!!
Pathetic really what a shame. I want to cry literally this app is so broken.
It keeps freezing and I can't stand that I cannot get the most recent news feed! I wish there was a way to get the old app back!
WHY DO YOU NEED FULL TIME ACCESS TO MY CAMERA AND MICROPHONE???? WHY DONT I HAVE OPTIONS TOO TURN THIS OFF???? YOUR COMPANY ARE STEALING AND SELLING PEOPLES INFORMATION. PLEASE TELL ME HOW TO TURN THIS OFF.  FACEBOOK IS SLOW BECAUSE THE PROGRAMS MAIN FUNCTION IS TO GATHER ALL YOUR INFO AND SEND IT TO HOME BASE TO BE SOLD.......... AM I WRONG????
Not used to the new update but it's ok
Goodness
This new update is 
Unlike fine wine Facebook doesn't get better with age.
.....nice.....
Winda
Love
good..
I think its addicting.I am lonely without it

<3<3<3<3
Cant see who like statuses pics wont show up ...takes forever to load timeline new posts pls fix
Facebook is going extremely slow since I updated. I am with 4G on a Samsung 5 please change this it's not just my Facebook either. I can't upload any pics or post comments!! Frustrating!
A boro
After the latest update it keeps freezing and won't respond. Keeps automatically closing app. Really gone downhill lately! So frustrating.
i like searching internet
Doesn't show recent posts or have the option to pick from.
Almost everything works great, but I can't upload any photos.  It just says "starting upload" for an hour. Needs a fix.
It freezs bad aap vry much space is need to install this plzz fix disss
Make Most Recent the default option in News feed. It's so annoying that everytime I have to scroll through menu to seed recent feeds 
I wish it would NOT crash and delete ALL of my information!
Very nice app
I dnt want to see things from.....weeks ago. Or should i say months. Please fix
Love you
Can't live without it
Newsfeed dont load & cant see comments on what does come up.
Awesome

Update is very good
Abc
All worlds no1 fb software
Slow and took up more memory space
Best app ever for my bussines
Half the time I can't even get pictures to load or videos to play. It's getting annoying.
Worst update ever!
Does not play videos on time line.
Ever since I ran the crappy new update, may tablet has done nothing but crash. Took it to the computer shop and the tech said it was a virus. That stupid update is the only thing that has been added to my tablet in months.
The past 2 days it has been slow as molasses (yeah that's a term we use to prevent cussing) or just not functioning at all.  I don't know what you need to do to fix this but please figure it out fast.  And add back most recent / top story option.....then LEAVE IT ALONE
So now I'm unable to play any videos from facebook. Cool man.
Needs to be updated to allow resizing of widgets. Today's  screens are bigger than ever and 4x2 doesn't cut it anymore.
Facebook. Sucks
This upgrade sucks!  Is there a way to uninstall the latest "upgrade"? Nothing more to say......  Again with another update?!?!  PLEASE STOP!!!  Your upgrades are worthless!
The latest update caused it to freeze a lot. The updates make it worse and worse. I can just use my browser! This isn't irreplaceable and definitely not convenient anymore.
It's awesome app
Its crashing my phone!
Its great
This is same version as last one no speed increased and no layout changed
Its FB enough said
Facebook really bad can't load my messages can't upload pics,it automatically logs out  ohhhhh really sucks
Good
I use my phone to access everything..... you need to make it so I can access my "other"  folder to read/respond to msgs from ppeople who arnt my "friends"..... FIX THIS!!!!
When I log on it doesn't update anything! It won't let me update my pictures! Please FIX.... Motorola X
Awesome! Droid 2
This app used to work but now it keeps force closing please fix!
I like it
Sketchy.... As always
Camilo.amador
It's okay.
God
Keeps shouting down
good
So slow,... force closes constantly after updating, randomly turns off. What gives???
Its cool
Butt
SHWE.ZANE
Forget MySpace and Twitter! I am all about Facebook!
Pretty good this app
This app is twice as big as the second biggest app on my phone. What the hell are you people doing! Step it up facebook
wow
Facebook
My Facebook app only shows the feed when on wifi now. Nothing is marked as being read for notifications when used on my cellular network.
Abbas.ponnu
.........
Can't download it, please fixx this
It never did this until this update came, everything else works but this gets annoying.
I love my Facebook.
when i click on video to play it says cannot play video and giving error.... please fix that problem. b4 it was good...i had update 2day and after updating i got that problem....please fic it and thanks
Fix all of this like seriously just fix all the things wrong with it or are you like blind and can't read these reviews
App
dumb
Well its nice
It is so slow like omg.  Zzz hate it!
i have a lot problems grrrr
Really.  Good. Site. For. Life. Sher
This is very easy and soo first app so I also like that
My friend
Every since I updated it, it freezes all the time..n shuts down my phone. Slows everything ony phone down. Please fix or  gonna uninstall it again.
Getting better
Good app
Bgus aje
They're making it worse. Wonky and unstable.
Wtf keeps crashing. 3rd time installed. This is bull s;;t
it keeps turning off
This update is the worst update ever. When I open the app, it just freeze. Cannot scroll, cannot close. When I press home button, it will close for few second and launch again still with freeze. Happen on nexus 4.
Sucks,,, nothing works anymore...
Fack Fack
It works for my Facebook. Slow though.
aedsomd
A great way to connect the dots of your world.
Always something going wrong with it. Upgrade suckered. But I don't like Google either. Wish all of you would stop changin my settings. When I do report something, never getsome fixed
This is a disappointing set back.  Is anyone paying attention to these NEGATIVE comments!
Its better than going on ur computer all day u could just look at it from ur phone or any mobile device
Every time i try to open the app it closes on its own or doesn't respond "forces close." Then 5 tries later it finally opens after it "forces close" and doesn't respond. Dumb
I would give 5 stars cause usually this is a great app but since the last update its been slower than a snail when loading stuff and i dont see all posts from all of my friends its always posts from the same.friends everyday. Fix these issues and i will give 5 stars.
It's ridiculously slow. Come on guys its 2014 catch up.
It is usually hangs..i am very fed up with this.
For some reason on the news feed the comments are being repeated twice. Plz fix for a higher rating.
This is.....................................awesome
The new update sucks. It takes forever to load now.
Every time I sign it won't let me sign in it said error account not found.
I like Facebook.
Update sucks, cant watch any video after last update. Fix it please.

Too slow takes forever to load up
It freezes a lot more since the last update... other than that,  it's alright.
I'm taking down 1 star cz it bugs so much and every time I press on"continue reading", the comment box pops up-_- fix it plz !
Slow still waiting for. Download
Sometimes . Its . Slow but i still like it !!
Chauhan
I like fb  so much fb is very nice app I love it
It takes forever to post
Very good
I love it
after open the app for 10 second it force to close.
My timeline will not allow me to view it and the news feed is not current.
This is bullshit
It crashes everytime i try to upload a video
Its so good.I have many friends but sometimes it hang.Please fix it as soon as possible.Now its not working.So please fix it.Thank you.
Good web
Too many permissions Not even getting notifications from messages or posts they time out after  awhile
liked it
Faith
It won't update and it doesn't show all posts very crappy app
Love you tube/FACEBOOK
My timeline sucks.  It shows yesterdays feed, today.  I don't want to have to go to another page that says most recent.  I mean come on!
loved it
Im tired of using browser to connect FB xD
Like
Average....
Facebook
All the updates are just making it worse
NOOB
It's to mach slow
Update is horrible only see the same people on my news feeds does not update but every two hours
Trying to use on an older phone. Works pretty good.
Felicianomartinez78@gmail com
Stil having issues loading feeds. Only have problems with droid app after update. Only shows current stories and locks up. Have to stop app & restart. Was fine before update...they need to fix bugs
Facebook .. can't view videos... It says sorry can't view ... I always did before!.. ???
Sooo slow so boring the new feeds never come ...
Tried to share a picture. ..nope can't do that. ..tried to save it..nope can't do that either it gives me an error.  New update is total junk! Thinking about just going to twitter or reddit!
Good luck to you
I love you      R
Worst last two updates ever.. Slow.. crashing .. Timeline showing the last decade posts !
xamud
I haven't start this app yet but ill try it even though alot of people say it has errors
Its a true. App
Man this app is the worst! It takes over five times to even get it open. It just automatically closes. Then once you finally get it open when you try to scroll through your newsfeed it crashes anyway... Freakin annoying!!!
Downfall of man
I want to switch between most recent and most popular news feeds. Videos will not play. I always receive an unknown error. Had this problem since two updates ago. Let us pick our top 25 or top 50 ppl we want in our news feed. I miss out on posts from ppl who might go a day or two before posting.
I like you the best
I haven't been able to go to timeline review for about a week now. Tried to uninstall and reinstall and still keeps giving me an error.
First off there are now 23 people you may know sections on my timeline, I have contacted facebook on multiple occasions and still no fix, maybe instead of worrying about how quickly you can swipe through screens or how this app looks you could actually fix the problems that are occurring within the app itself. MySpace was way better than the Bullshit you are providing at this time.
Ever Since The Update I Have A Minimum Of Space Left On My Phone. And I Also get The same old people appearing on My news feed.Also calling people near you us useless might as well use the home phone maybe people you never see would be better to call.
I have an entire laundry list of issues since the latest "build" including forced closes and constant freezing of my phone. Thinking I may need to uninstall permanently.
Facebook is a good way to connect with ur friends and is a fun to see the drama lol :3
Updates keep messing up my time line I want to know recent stuff not stuff from yesterday. Please fix the bugs
With every update it works less and force closes more...

Lakra
Very good.
Does what it needs to do, no problems so far
Update sucks
Poor service

I love fb never had no trouble.


major mattress co.
Nice apps
I like that
crashes my Galaxy. hope uninstalling works.
Every time I'm looking though the news feed it will put me back up to the top this really sucks
So sad :(
Love
Keep it up.
Facebook
M getting prbms  in my facebook...its autometically close when m using....why?  Again m getting same prb
Crashes every min
Tire of not being able to scroll down my home page...every video makes it fores lose...fix it fb...didn't have this problem before this last stupid update.
919
plz update. continues to load and freezes.
OSM
Sucks!  Sucks! Sucks!  Totally sucks! Force stopped!
I can hardly do anything on Facebook with this latest update without it stalling, making my phone slow, and force closing. Really aggravated.
The best Awesome social media
this update really sucks over me. it never shows updates in time.....always shows latest updates posted things 20 hours back. never load image or videos even profile picture over wifi!!! and the most disturbing thing at the last update is it log me out every time I close the app for few hours......please fix this as soon as possible or give me the link of previous one.
i cant view my photo first before i want to post it. it always auto jump to news feed page. why??? fixed it please.
I love this app
Will it ever end
Very slow how yo omptove
Gud
Laggy and force closure.
it takes time for posts to show up and to switch from notifications to messages etc. :(
Redevelopment needed news feeds won't load
Terrible crashes everyday , I have to uninstall and reinstall daily
Sanjrani

Its slow in updating the news feeds. Please solve it out
Will you please take away the feature that asks if I want to add contacts from my address book every time I open the app?! It's friggin annoying
Good!!
Job
There should be an option to reply to comments
Some time inking and stop working foreclosed plz solve this problem.
No share option, can't access the full site from the app, and cannot unsubscribe from posts.
good
Bakele
Good
Its just so frustrating and its gay
Its  a good app and easy to use
Huh!
Great
¤è¤í¤·¤¯
When I go on Facebook, and I go to Kik messanger from my notifications, Facebook will freeze and make my whole phone flip out. And when I go and share a photo  it won't show the emoji (s) I put. Please fix this problem. Then I'll rate it 5 stars .
Scotty
Pictures wont load...how can I keep in touch with friends if nothing loads
By ciro
Good support
Great app except for the fact that messenger isn't integrated and I've been waiting since the birth of android!!!!
Right Whoa...theres a huge gear when you go to see your friends list
mandip
I still don't see the option to change back and forth from most recent and top stories
Fb for android is gating better day by day it will be great if you can add videos downloadable
Excelent
It takes forever to load. Half the time its the same stuff that's been on there for days. And what's up with f.b. making it to were they turn on the video auto play?? R u going to pay for my data? I'm disappointed
My Facebook by Brenda Pruitt
Nothing loads, just a white screen unless I wait 10-15 mins. If I wanted dial up id go to that. Fix please
hummer

Don't get me wrong... I love the app. I just hate the bloody community! You should make it idiot-proof
Cool
152MB!!!!
When try to open the app, it will show only 2 second with loading icon and bam. This app close its own. Please fix ... thx
of     All ages   >:)  <3    Meeting friends
I liked it better when it does not the update.
This last update keeps crashing on me. Also I am unable to view videos and the photos upload so slowly.......... new update please!!! This one has bugs.
New update held my phone
Its ok
I'm trying to add an old friend from school and he made a new Facebook and doesn't have anyone from our school added, matter in fact he hasn't done that much on his profile but I know it's him because I saw his older profile pictures and it's the same name. Please fix this. You guys can't tell me that I can't add him because I don't know him. 
Sick of  being put in  facebook jail for too many friend requests--jealous facebook?
Thank you
:)
My pictures for my timeline won't show up nothing will, I can't post comment like or share. nothing is loading please fix it used to work so great but now it won't and now it won't even log me in are you kidding me?? Please fix this!!
Along
I don't dislike it as much as I used to. I can see my "friends". Keep up with information and that's what I need.
Never had a problem until this last update everything is screwed up it won't load it won't open other people's posts can't leave remarks not behaving at all why is this fix it!!!!
I AM SO TIRED OF THE NEWS FEED! I WANT RECENT STORIES! LIKE MOST RECENT! NOT LAST WEEKS POSTS AT THE VERY TOP OF MY FEED BECAUSE FACEBOOK THINKS THAT'S WHAT I WANT TO LOOK AT!
Brill
So poor
Good
This the best talking app where you can talk to each other but I  don't have it yet but you should get it too
If it wasnt broken the first time don't fix it the update sucks
It sucks!  Deserves 0 stars but of course it dose not let us rate that low..
Recovery from history or cloud
So good
I love Facebook it's amazing
I love this application

New update suxs, I can't add pictures in my comments no more, fix. Asap please.
Thanks
Perfect application
hope this new update will better than the old one
Khadaneupane khada neupane
Will not down load on my phone 4g
Its Facebook what else do u need to say.
This is the best app to use to have friends and chat and the only bad thing is it takes up so much storage plz fix love.this tho!!!
Gud
I love facebook
Latest update resolves speed issues, the trip to Africa helped! Now, Make friends list more accessible, sorted alphabetically, or at least reinstate search! Reinstate most recent in the news feed, not in the side menu.
Cool
ever since it has updated facebook has been chrashing...A LOT
All working again!
Oh I love it
This  updaye blows...fix it please
That says it all.
Shahzeb
This app is okay on my phone but I cannot download it to my Nexus 7. It gets stuck a 58%
Any picture I try to upload just says starting upload and never does anything past that. Freaking gay
Not good 
Custom feature on status updates do not allow me to pick and customize who can see what.
yes
Faltan muchas opciones, se pueden hacer muy pocas cosas comparado con web facebook o el de iPhone
I get so many updates which makes me think that there are a lot of errors on this app. Also timeline is not updated with what happed few mins ago. Instead it shows first what happened yesterday, 23hrs ago, etc.
Takes forever to load and freezes up way to much
Mtr cross
The back button has been rendered useless with the latest update. Can't exit.
Good but need to more improve this app in his update versions
Samsung galaxy $5
I want to be able to share an image that isn't in my camera roll...  Poor
Seems all your updates are to install spyware for the NSA. I can't upload a photo,It keeps logging me out, It's slow, I can't share pages. What is the Update for? To make the app run like crap? Fix it or I will uninstall and then how will you spy on me?
Saying insufficient storage
I like it but it screws up alot
Facebook is the good the bad and the ugly you got to take it all or leave it
I love it
So many problem... Please fix it
great when it works
I've reinstalled it too many times getting real annoyed
The app works great most of the time needs improving
News feed not ordered well and videos rarely able to play
Good
Kills my battery within an hour, can't see all my posts always a day behind, worst yet only negative posts from ppl I don't interact with show up.....
Most of us have to or need to use this app but its functionality, reliability and customer support can only be described as 'Poor'. It (now) uses 105MB of memory mostly for intrusive ad's. Will uninstall if this continues. How much more space do you want?
hated this new updated Facebook app.can't load any news feed from last night
Awesome
It isn't connecting
cool awesome
No coment
Wow is soo good
Awso.e
For an older version
I am just not able to play videos from my fb app on htc vivid. Messages dont update. Have to use messenger involuntarily. M also sick of the autoplaying videos. Don't use my phone's data unnecessarily!!
It hang in 4.4 kitkat. I think compactability issue.
Oppn
It keeps freezing and won't play videos....can I undo the update?!!! I need about 2 hours credited back to my life
Always can connect with friends.if they message me I get notifications
Still the no 1 social media platform around. You've just got to love it.
It is amazing

Good!!
Very good app :-)
Video play problem. Keep buffering middle of the video and suddenly restart from beginning. Please fix this.
We sweet
I get an awful lot of errors just trying to post, namely 201 user not available. This is not a facebook err, but a facebook api err. Fie on you fb
Since new update, I can't upload photos. It won't update and its running slow if it runs at all.
Works good.. but if someone mentions me in a comment I gotta search years for that comment fix that please
It works great. And very convenient for me when I travel
I think it needs way too many permissions and it is always running; I think I will keep this monstrosity of my phone.
I hate the new version. Also very very slow login. Try to recent posts and you have to scroll way to far down and you sometimes end up in a game. Speed it up and make most recent as priority and I will raise rating.
It's so so, needs improvement!
So great
Sucks
Update my butt. Sucks Everytime i get use to a format you update
love it
If ever body said it suck then I won't get it thanks
Tried updating my place of work and it won't let me save even though everything is typed in nothing is blank... WTH, this has never happened before please fix this...
Goll
Amazing
Keep it up mate
Very helpful
Tariq
Absolutely terrible.  Won't load anything.
Ugh
Good Good
Ok now I am not so happy with this app. It is constantly skipping hours worth of posts even when I go to most recent. It will go from a post 35 minutes ago and jump straight to posts 4 hours ago that I have already seen. Every post in between wont show up. It is really starting to tick me off!
App is buggy and crashes constantly. Do not download, this is a waste of time
Love Face book
Cool
This update is lousy!!:@
Like it
Facebook is useless
Awesome
Great
Kicks me off as soon s I get on it .. doesn't wanna load half the time ...even when I'm around Wi-Fi ...please fix.
Trouble to log myself in
it tells me the app is downloaded but is not anywhere in my phone...WTF!!!
Keeps on crahing very unreliable cannot use facebook for what its for
so fun using this app :D
It's taking too much time to login. ... :( :(
it rocks
Good
Excellent for just about everything except making ice cream
Great communication tool :)
The newest update will not let me use Facebook!!! If I do get on it takes forever to load and doesn't load all of the newsfeed, it just sits there spinning like it's trying to load but never does!!! Also, I want to see the most recent stuff, not stuff from several days ago!!! Please fix this!!!
Until I can interact with people on this app with the same functions as I can through the web this app is useless to me and if the app is useless Facebook is usless. I would think you would realize the majority of people only access Facebook through the apps on their phones and would understand that a properly function app should be a top priority
It's nice
The news feed is the worst problem of this app. U can't change it to most recent

Love it
The new facebook blows! It only shows you the posts that facebook wants to show you. It doesn't show you new feeds, just the most popular ones. It is a way to censor and blanket your Facebook media sources.
Doesn't load feed and when it does it isn't current statuses, I want to see up to date stuff not stuff from two days ago.
Can't view videos and posts aren't in chronological order.
Awesum app.
..... In fact I'd rather have that than use this app.  Your GUI was obviously designed by your new in-house visually impaired app designers,  it has the speed of Stephen Hawking out for a midnight stroll and is as Fred basic as the Flintstones on a "back to nature" kick. Anyone know where I can get a build version a couple releases old and replace this P. O. S app update?
This is the worst update they have ever put out. They are more concerned about the permissions then the actual thing working. It has worked right since the update. It worked perfectly before
Nice
I don't like it is to slow
Awesome
excilent
Nice
This app is bad ... Fix it ... Also i want most recent , not what the developers think is important
Data seguning arang,padan ngan ye jer low trus storan tpon..
It doesn't let me go through my news feed please fix
Make it so you can move it to SD card...
Sucks
Come on get it straight
Why there is no longer the option to see 'Most recent' and /or 'Top stories' in news feeds????!!!
Yeah
Sarfaraj
I installed this app on my Note II and it is complete crap. My news feeds don't load due to "unknown error", crashes and forced close. I uninstalled the app and it trashed my network stack to the point I had to rebuild my Note II. Way to go Facebook! Only your development team could make a crappy app worse.
Khan
AINT NO BODY GO TIME FOR THAT
Its igh its igh
Drains battery even when not in use. Never updates with current information.
Awesome
How come I can't find the setting to turn off videos that my friend has on his Android phone? I'm using Android.  Also he has a newer version then me, and I can't see any way to update mine.  Grrr Changing from 5 stars to 1 until this is fixed for me.
need more privacy in my life
Beautiful app
None of my pictures on my feed load since my app updated. Very frustrating
To many errors and crushings!
Won't let me open links. Tells me something went wrong.
Good app!

Cannot appload
Nice n clear
A complete bore of an app. Constantly tries make you install there messenger to read your inboxes. No thanks!
Facebook is facebook. Whatevs
It keeps freezing up and won't let me do anything. It is doing the same on my wife's phone. Not only does it freeze, after I exit the app to my home screen, it wants to constantly try to reopen on its own. I go through chrome, and to throw a little salt in the wound, it suggests I install Facebook for android. This app sucks.
Can't reply and when I click continue reading on a post inside a page  then go back to page it began from the top :-(
Very much
halah.... lebih nyaman buka pake opera mini atau uc browser
Still only good for ads. You don't even get to follow people any more, Facebook only shows you some of what people post based on who knows what algorithm. Try Google plus, you can actually control the news feed.
Time to get a new job suck.a di.ck for a living
Great app
I don't spend huge amounts of time on Facebook so this app works well for me in terms of functionality.  I hope they add a "do you want to exit Facebook" pop up in future updates as I have a habit of pushing the back button one too many times and end up completely exiting the app. Also, I know Facebook is a business,  but suggested posts? Really? Sooooo irritating.
Since new update, fb freezes whenever it sees a post with a video. Not watching a video, just a post with a video. Fb then freezes and i am unable to log out. Fix the problem.
I hate fake people they make fake account and tell iam the real and iam your star............So i hope you do some thing for the real account do the verified emblem for a real account and thank you
Haven't been able to see any photos on here for days it simply won't download any of them. So annoyed.  Facebook you're supposed to get it better and better on android but its getting worse.
I am NOT interested in your top stories! Give me back MY news feed. Also the stop notifications option doesn't work. Even now after an update. It doesn't work!!
Keeps getting stuck when refreshing! Have to force stop to get fresh updates! Z1 compact.
Every time I tag a friend in a comment it don't show up on their notifications
Sup
Like it
Sucks its so slow and takes forever to sign in and out
My Facebook has an error. Whenever I click to go on a group or to see pokes it always go back to news feed. I can't use this app as well as descripted.
Its a good software
I love you.
It is amazing to be in touch
:)
Richerd
Talking to friend is good
Awesome.
Latest version takes over 10 secs to load up on my android Samsung galaxy. Painful in the extreme!
Lovvee
Why don't you guys add a button where you can see current events or past stories on your news feel like the pc/mac versions? Delete the follow/unfollow options, that's stupid. That's why I have Twitter and instagram. When I delete people off my friends list, why are they still in my chat bar in the app? That's stupid. Fix these things and it would make my experience better with your app Facebook.
It is a perfect
I love it it works perfect and does everything right i love it..
Ok
Best social app
eliga plija
Best
Work on showing all stories
Wonderful
Loved it
Eh it okay
New version of fb is not too good
Damon
Excellent
You guys know darn well why I'm rating this one star. It's almost a hundred megabytes large, making it the *only* app I can run on my lower end smartphone. As an insanely tech savvy individual, I know this to be ridiculous. Work on your footprint, Facebook. Maybe by making it more customizable?? There are tons of hidden features not many know about and those that do don't use. Secrets don't make friends
Too slow when loading shared video
Omg awesome
Love it or leave it
Come on it close alone when I'm on fb rly bad
I love it
What's not to love?
Saya suka ini...
Good app work fine on my Samsung Galaxy S5.
Download it
Thank you for fixing my problem now it's work better than ever......
It lacks everytjing its so damnit slow like a turtle and it has a descent in time lines downloading pages and photoes
Only got this app because sims freeplay needs a facebook to back it up. This app is trash
Freeze every time a video come's up since last few update.  You have to uninstall and reinstall to get back to face book. Not really worth it any more.  Could you please fix this.  It pretty much unusable this way!!!
I using it its ok
A bad one
I don't know why it crashes so many times and doesn't let me log out. I expect a better app from you guys.
i like that  A++++
Fix It !!
Nice
Good
Slow, does not rememner log in data and the new version is way too intrusive
Superb
Id give you a good rating but this app doesn't let me upload my pics. Fix it. And maybe ill give you a better rating
PLEASSSE fix will not let me open up app....keeps force closing-LG flex and now it's not working at all
Awesome
Thank you for ur app, I really didn't get the idea at first, but, I now can visit my life long friends, back east!! as facts are, it's not always possible to drive or jet back home, I admit I was wrong, Facebook is a blessing! Friend's almost back to day one, my classmates, neighbors, are almost all together again & i hope the few, not found, will join us too & i thank you, I'm re-connected! Please allow ur app, to got to the SD card, saving the ph.s resources?
Is helpful because I can text my mom
i love fb
Shshab
Needs a quicker way to go to the top of the comments section. Would be nice to not have to start all over when searching people and groups. DONT RECEIVE MESSAGES.
Its too slow and gets stuck every time ........ plz fix it
Not bad, but not excellent
Slow, buggy, freezes up constantly. Please improve.
3******
OK
The most battery consuming app on my phone as well as my friends phones is Facebook, in particular a process that always runs in the background even when Facebook is closed called MqttPushService. Do yourself a favor, delete this app and install 'Fast for Facebook'
Superb
Facebook is the greatest thing that hapend to me
Awesome
And suddenly my Facebook died. Thank you guys.
Gvit nis mean kon papun nov kbe bong happy 70 nas
I can't play video
.AWESOME
I try to look at a video and bam it goes black try to fix it & I only see yesterdays post.
Here's what I want from Facebook: all of my friends' posts, in chronological order, in my news feed. Why won't you do this anymore?
The best and fast app for facebook is fast  for Facebook
Its good but it hangs alot...
Thank you for ur app, I really didn't agree with the idea at first, & always will hope I can visit my life long friends, back east, but facts are it's not always possible, and i now see if one doesn't use this to replace the joy of truly getting together, I admit I was wrong, for when I can't get home, Facebook is a blessing! Friend's almost back to day one, my classmates, neighbors, thank you, I'm re-connected! Please allow ur app, to got to the SD card, saving the ph.s resources?
Barely works with the update.
Garbage
My favorite
Sona
It Boggs down my phone though.
My news feed only shows friends statuses from a day ago... y?
love facebook :)
I can't think of a better way to keep up with friends and family!!
Why cant i play videos on this app. It just crashes down if clicked on a video to play.
Years later that year indeed have to wait in my mind you to make your way through an hour not password
I don't know how you got So many people to download it. When I open it the screen goes black & the it forces it self close. Very irritating. People might as Well just use Facebook on browser instead of wasting there time with this.
Rosas rojas
7/16/24 News feed repeats itself and I don't get notification sent to phone anymore. Setting are correct in FB.
okay so I updated it and it keeps crashing .-. Fix it because its annoying..
awesome
Awesome app... it keeps you connected !!
I HATE THE UPDATE. Its so much more confusing. Wish i could go back

Doesn't let me see most videos
Please make it so we can view our videos in our video albums.
wtf no new updates it too slow as well
Love Facebook
Love it
Cant even download
Facebook
The update is not good after this update the facebook can very good and easy
Slow slow slowwww -_-
I can't upload any photos wth
Love it
its amaizing browser
Too slow
Everytime I try to upload my dp it crashes! It's veryyyyy annoying
It is really important
Its to bad I hate it stop asking for updates if is not going to be better
Awesome Apps
Acha hai
It sucks ... does facebook is on a bankrupcy? Can't maintain a good android app for facebook? -.-
Is great for talking to friends over the summer
I cant login. I have put in my correct account info. but it wont let me.
Its not yet ok but it is ok
Don't like this new Facebook and I wasn't too happy w the older version either.  After all these years I would think just once you could get it right. On my phone fb and messenger do not respond. On my tablet fb doesn't want to open or opens very slowly. I don't even like to get on fb for these reasons.
G8t app to catch frnds "
Good app should have better updates tho
It's amazing
You should have this down by now. Everything takes forever to load, it takes a lot of digging to find where to change certain settings, and it takes a significant portion of my battery when not in use.
Too bad app
It stalls every time I try to open it n also when I'm in the app. It won't show me "recent" feeds even tho I keep checking it. I don't like the update at all! Please fix!!! Thanks
Nice
It's a havy application for older mobile phones..please fix it
Over the last week I have had a lot of force closings. It is getting very frustrating to even use the app. I'm half tempted to uninstall it and not bother with it. Especially when I loose whatever I was writing and have to start over. Would you plz stop changing the app.
Great app but can be better by making it load faster.
Brenda
Great
Good app
Wont let me update!!!!
>:(
You still can't post pictures in the comments.
Design
Is very fantastic i love it..the free calls is awesome
Was working great now since today update it sucks...plus should be able to add to sd card to free up space had to.uninstall
This is 3 or more times larger than. Most app on play and crashes frequintly on smaller devices these problems should be addressed move to sd card needs to be an option
Kaim Aa
I cannot share photos I took through Google Photos only what is on my SD card. WTF! Fix
I like it
Tym saving
I don't like the new update. My phone won't go off when i get a notification and all of my sounds are turned up. Please fix i want my notifications in my notificatjon bar
five star
I love facebook people need to stop complaining
Since update, pics won't load. The news feed is never most recent no matter what you set it to. You have to go into the menu and click "most recent" over and over. Honestly, as it is now, it's pathetic.
I asked my girlfriend what she was doing today.  And she responded "At the hospital" and you guys added the multi send button.....  a "Thumbs up" emoji....... when  there is no message entered.  I some how  hit the button. Sent my girlfriend a thumbs up as a response. Why!!!. At least let ot show up in the message box before it sends.  COME ON FACEBOOK.
Balls
I'm fat people
I would prefer zero rating but there is no zero rating option... What the hell u r doing???My facebooks stops working after some time.... I m using this app from last 12 months nd it was fabulous at that time... I installed this aap several times but this issue hasen,t been resolved... Plz fix... Getting worst and worst
bad
Nu functioneaza prea bine. Sper sa il faceti cat mai curand pentru ca este o aplicatie foarte uzuala, pe care multa lume o foloseste. Sorry.
Don't show online frnds in my xperia.....
Nooice
Dhilip 09
Consumed too much internal memory..hv to delete data each time after using
connecting a large world in a small world
Its simple as you often used over ypu laptop,or pc. Fb in andriod had really made easy to operate .. its for my htc ,i m happy with this app.  .
Samsung Galaxy S4 running on SlimSaberKat 6+
Alaaa BC
yessssss
Just....Takes up a lot of RAM!!
This updated version is nonsence n stupid.. cnt show the frnds online and takes tym to update frnds posts.. mxmm
CHATS
Good
takes too much time to loaf
Go
I gave you 3 star Please Fix Facebook to make faster browsing .
super
Wow
Excellent
Timeline Never Loads And Photos Never Upload Please Fix This Is Annoying
Kevan
Awsme
Why create more problems when everything was fine before.  You truly can't fix what wasn't broken.  Update the look if u want but the app was working beautifully now I can't watch videos with out error messages popping up.

Nc
New app sucks....can't up load photos..comment on posts..takes forever to log in...can't get to any of my groups...have a Motorola electrify...please fix soon!!!!!!
What age is Facebook for?
Good
I cant play any videos..
This needs an update. It makes me upload a new profile photo everytime I want to change it instead of letting me use a previous one I already had. It doesn't have the same features as I see on others androids!
Good but needs more improvement
Why the hell won't anything load???? I had to update because I thought that's what was the issue nope now I can't do anything on Facebook way to go billionaires
Working as expected. Nothing great.
Ayazpatel
Love it... very good. But just want 1 thing. I can't re-edit the events created by me. I can find the re-edit option on PC WEB version but not on the Android App version. Please resolve the problem. Thanks...
Rerr
Now I can't post anything to friend's pages. Don't like that. I can't insert a photo from a download, ONLY from camera. Don't like that. Stop already.
Excellent *****
Fixit
Moon
Malini
Super
Have to do a forgot password to access my account as they have my account confused with a local drug dealer! I have emailed them twice but so far I have not heard back from them and no change with my account, they can run an experiment involving thousands of people without mixing up any accounts but can't seem to resolve my little problem, idiots.
I can't save any picz off FB no more why did you take out that option
its very easy to handle with its just perfect
Updated this morning now cannot refresh news feed!
Love u fb
Sound
Bad upgrading app no good at all
Facebook
The time line WONT update just gets frozen with the "update" icon swirling for hours. Pictures won't load and it keeps randomly saying im "offline" when im on 4g LTE.
Im having problems uploading photos what's the deal I love facebook but this is crazy!
crashes a lot on my Samsung galaxy s duos (open it then crash after few minutes) -_- plz fix this or suggest solutions
Like
easy to meet old frnds
Its good and motivating to get many friends us efull
I want to see the "most recent" posts every time I open FB not just when I sellect "most recent".  Why can't you make that selection stick?????????  Also crashes constantly!
Facebook
Every time I tap on Nearby Friends, the app closes. WTF?!
So good
Slow as hell and hasnt updated news feed in days!!!
Its amazing(:
mass socialness
Pal
What an ... ...
Won't let me download photos to Facebook
you don't need to upload or SMS, pictures, calls, passwords. Change your runtime from dalvik to ART
Exellent
Have not updated this app on Galaxy 8.9 tab in awhile, due to high % of negative reviews. My 10-month-old version (5.0.0.26.31) seems semi-stable. However it still occasionally goes to black screen, videos won't play at all, it's missing several useful desktop features, you can't post a photo in a comment, you can't administer pages unless you install their other app, etc. If you haven't updated lately, DO NOT! Wait 'till a majority of reviews are more favorable, and useful features are added/restored.
Lovely
My Facebook keeps telling me I have an unknown error, I've tried uninstalling and reinstalling and everything else for fix it. It won't load a news feed or show me notifications or let me add friends. The app is unusable now. Fix it.
Changed my rating from 1 star to 5 stars since the last update
Update sucks time line cant be updated
I love u...
The updated facebook is pretty cool.   Like the options menu.
Wonderful!!!
Crashed everything I try to play a video clip. Update was suppose to make it better, not worst!!
Makes progress much more slower
Its very slowwwwwww
Awesome
Connected to all..
Amazing
Good

Yasyas
This very good apps
I can't add smileys to my comment or while chatting..pls fix its an necessity for me..

Feed doesnt update properly the number of current likes. I have to click on the post to see the update number.
Totalmente  muy  lento
The app continues to "unfortunately stop working" and becomes a waste of my time someone get this together.
Bhi ye to kmal h
Last update made it super glitch. Keeps freezing on me.
love to be able to reach out and touch someone..
Nice
Nice
Facebook
Everytime I'm on FB it keeps on crashing. Which is really ANNOYING!!!!!!!!!! And looking at all the 1 star scores you need to sort it out.
Love is live
The old is best...  This version is unliked...
Like it!
Update keeps crashing app
Utkarsh
I dont like the update..my tab gettin slow so stars only
Nice...
I love it
Its ok
But consumes memory a lot :(
Still not fully optimised for my device but better and I'm still unable to update my status to multiple friend lists.
Alone
Excellent.......
Good
Good
Yay
Its just so loveble and usefull
Excellent update. Now speed is noticable. Even good speeds on 2g
One
Cant wait to download it !!!!!!!! :-)
(Y)
Goddddd
What a piece of useless crap this app has become. Stop trying to change it and PUT IT BACK THE WAY IT USED TO BE ! Of course the developers never read these comments, so I just wasted more time, kind of like waiting on fb to load.
I dont like all these updates. It's locked up so many times that I have to keep uninstalling it and reinstalling it so it can work...ridiculous
Plz don't update,,,,once u update the app ur phone and application both will become dead slow...click on like preview will open...
Good
Nice
Fanastic
Love theeee appp
Runs very slow on S4 Mini, please fix this now useless piece of crap app!!!!!
Google apps.
Nice
Easy to conect with frnds n cool features...:-)
Everyone of us it's easily to know to discover the world
Why the Video is not playing???? Previous version it ran... Please suggest me...
I don't like the new update. It's slow, and it doesn't want to load pictures in my news feed. I can't see half the stuff other people are posting because of this. And it doesn't automatically refresh whenever I go back into my news feed from another page. Fix this please.
After update wouldnt load pages right
It keeps freezing on me. It won't upload pictures. It keeps saying error loading time line. I had the uninstall then install it again. This is getting really old. It needs to be fixed
Cooool
Super
Huhhahhhh
Dead slow.. latest version full of junk.!
N
saidul islam morual
This app used to make me mad but recently things have gotten better.
App keeps crashing!!! UGH
banyak cabe di facebook
Very goob
It sucks
I like but it unload it self
Just lov it
Hai
Fabulous
It's too slow and it keeps freezing every minute this needs to be fixed or I'll recommend others to not install this it's useless
Very good..
Facebook
Good                but still there are verry less stars
When i open my fb account iand view the messages it keep on saying "unfortunately facebook has stop" and the app will exit?! Pls ..pls.pls..fix this i just uninstalled it and now im downloading it again to prevent erors.
Kjj
Can you please make it better than iphone?  You have to beat it. Otherwise, world will be getting twisted by iOS system and, you will be remaining much much behind. Plus, I love my iPad iPod and IPhone's Facebook. They are easier to handle. But, I use my nexus 5 more frequently so it would be a great help if you do so. Thank you.
To meet old person
Dont want on my G2, but can uninstall!!!
Awesme
Wish it took up less space
Face book is the fine site for contact.
Fb tomuch good software  so thanks
Just updated to the latest version app sucks even more now i hate how it it prevents phone from sleeping .. need to fix that n make it better to use!!
Nice and fast
Having a lot of issues with fb...it lags and now i had to uninstall and reinstall i don't know how many times till i can log on. I don't know which is worse my phone or fb
It says like error (498)  what does that mean.
Great way to contact your friends and family and to contact other people
EveryTime I Log In It Says Its Not Respondinq Or My Phone Cuts Off Why Is It Doinq That ??
Nice social
Awesome
Good
Nice
It Sucks
I have updated thinking my fb was not working for that reason. I have went to phone company n fb won't do anything!
Its stuck at 77%. Thrice i hv tried..not worth my Mbs. Could someone fix this??
Dy
Not bahd

I dnt knw was this app n as ur wish  to download
Nice bt the older luk was much better.....
Great aap
Pls. And fix the liking of comments and pics
Doesn't give current timeline always at least a day behind on updates
For information and knowledge
Gud
Ips
Great
Gud
Ok
Works good in fast networks...large memory,ram and battery consuming app.
Its very slow after new update ... Hate it
Slow so slow wont post pics or load this update sucks
Untuk Komunikasi
Great appp
Keep up the good work
:)
Umesh gour
Good
I love this app for chating
like it
Kannanclassic
Fb needs to listen to what the people are asking for...
So beautifully
I hate it after last update. .plz fix it for God sack
Excellent
Facebook wants access to to much personal info for me to use this app. It's way too intrusive.
It's too bad!!!!  This version can't load the latest news !! It's make me lost many latest news on my Facebook!!! I can't even know what is happening ! Because i lost many latest news!  Really ANGRY when i using this app!!!  Please fix it!
The messages come on as soon as my friends send it.I love Facebook
Great
I'm hoping by uninstalling a reinstalling Facebook will stop crashing every 15 minutes. It has terrible lag so takes ages to respond when you press a button. It constantly throws up black or grey blank screens that crash the app, then it refuses to open without force closing it through the phone settings. An awful update Facebook!
Love it now 
Not good
It is not working properly...updating sukkss..i think we should now uninstall this app it makes me angry on using this ..
Nice
Try to make esier
Good app
Ambot
It SUCKS'!!
i can't search for any hashtag # lines... please fix.
Developers update so often the news feed doesn't work very well at all anymore. So many errors loading I have to force close and restart constantly.
Buri ni hai boss ..
Keeps freezing
Better
HKR
choudhary
Nice
Nice app
Cool sticking app
It keeps crashing so freaking dumb
No privacy at all with Facebook
Ttttttttt
<3
Yes
Why is you can disable auto play on the website but not on the app? The day Facebook went on the stock market it stopped acting sensibly and is now just trying to shove adverts down our throats to appease shareholders.
New f.b verson very very bed plz don,t install
Fish  *
Its not too good
Regularly freezes and forces the app to shut down.
Note3
very God
New feature that automatically plays videos completely impairs all functionality of this app. Makes the app nearly IMPOSSIBLE to use - freezes phone and does not allow anything but to force-stop.
Cool
nice
This app works only on cell data, and will error out any time the device is online via WiFi. Running on nexus 5.
Hai Ji
Please fix. I have to Uninstall/reinstall just to update feed.
In the new version if we text to some one in chat and then click the news feed the news feed will refresh and start from the first.....  then we have to go on to find where we are in news feed before chat.. if  it can be solved than that will be great.. ;)
Ha mejorado bastante.
Nice
Nice
Why does the app always store excessive amounts of "data"? Why can't it store it as cache so it's easy to clear?
Ok
Before the update it worked perfectly, then I updated it and now It won't even work. Like others, I'm uninstalling until there's a rollback on updates
Not so bad
Omg. I am so sick of trying to get pictures and videos to post or waiting on my timelime, my profile and other profiles to load. Ever since this update; Facebook has been terrible. I should've known not to even update because this happens every time! Btw, before this update; Facebook was actually ok! Please get it together. I'm sure I'm not the only one that is wanting an update that actually makes Facebook better. That is what an update is for. Smh.
Keeps crashing since my last update. Plus everytime I update my app, it uses up way too much memory. I have to keep uninstalling other apps just so "FB" can work properly. Fix this please or else I'm deleting.
All these updates and still wont upload anything and it takes forever or NEVER to be on here can you please fix the bugs its been 3 days now
At last I descided to oppen an a/c in face book.
For some idiot reason my GPS is constantly on because of Facebook update. Super lame, with such policy Facebook is going to dissappear sooner or later
Good
geraldromanban
Piks dont upload quickly.  Sometimes takes longer than 24hrs!!!  Slower than fuk!!  All my other apps work fine.
Super slow posting. Takes hours to never post something. Slow upload of pages, groups,  and pics. Sucks the battery life out of my phone. Updates are making it worse.
I liked very much
First and last....
Really good app
Nize
I can't upload pictures or change my profile picture or my cover photo. It says uploading but it never does. It restarts then never upload. Please fix! And I'll make it 5 stars again!
Supaa
Very helpful .. Communication is more easier on mobile with it on android ;))
I like it & u
Nice man.this is good apeal
Reads your contacts, sms, browsing history, phone log... all unnecessary and questionable. 1 star.
super
Love the new update
Good
It is the best app ever thank you for all the updates it keeps us going awesome app
My best app forever
I must apologize for my last 2 star review!   Right after I posted it, an update was available that fixed the problem I was complaining about.   Thank you to the Facebook developers who fixed it so quickly!
No Comments
When will you learn to leave well enough alone. Cant even get my news feed now. Just says 'no posts'.
Awesome
Its looks awesome I like it very much.. you too wil lv it just try..
It works
Love the new updates and new tricks however great social media app...but i do not likr how you cant see what ppl post as they post its really horrible when i did not find out my own child was in a wreck until 3 hours later i even had a full signal so that has to be fixed.
Anth But My phone slow on the Facebook...message photo and video...
Find my friend
I cant explain it o_O
My posts aren't uploading, timeline is stuck in 1980, and pages aren't uploading...
Goooooooood
Its good

Gooooooooood
It's allright
;-) ;-) ;-) ;-)
Jst kul
Nice application
With every change to the appearance comes a boulder attached to its speed. Full signal 4G LTE and Facebook is the only app that CONSTANTLY gives me the loading ring for an Eternity.  Before rolling out new features, increase user bandwidth or whatever is needed to keep functionality at its peak first.
498
It would be nice if I didn't know for a fact that, every time I start scrolling through my newsfeed, my feed is going to refresh itself, taking me right back to the top, and completely reordering all of it, making it impossible to scroll back to where it was. This has been true for years now. I do not have a memory shortage or a weak processor. Please stop nuking my feed in the middle of scrolling!!! Horrible code.
I really don't like how the videos show on the app it has to buffer in order to keep scrolling down and i would deeply appreciate if you guys would remove that
The vrry halpfull app......
Sch 720c android this app will cause data loss force close and slow performance
My girlfriend couldn't log into her Facebook anymore with her Samsung galaxy S2.  It said :sorry, login failed to reach your Facebook service. Anyone else experience this?
New version is very nice
why its forcing close?
Facebook is the most popular page on the internet. But somehow cant make an app that works. Takes forever to load. Messages won't load. Cant read comments. Just cant believe these updates do this.
Most useful app. I really liked it.
Good job by team. Nice apps
I have to say that it agervated Mr that sometime it won't let u load notifications and the storeys u do get to read are way late needs to be fixed facebook
It keeps closing vby itself, i cant scroll down wtf !
Simply a very good app. Helps me to connect with my friends and family. . Though this app is little slow but stil helpfull
yo what's wrong with Facebook. every status I see it says just now. I see the same thing and all it does is it doesn't refresh. it keeps going back to the same people and they're statutes are days old
Fecbook
Cheaaa
Christy
Pls develop more. And improve performance .. Will be Rate 5 star..
Surya KarthikSurya214
But aspecting clear notifications option
Chup
Wow
So good...
Ever since I updated my videos will only play sound. The picture freezes
love it
Facebook in so alsome
It's slower than molasses and will hardly load anything before it times out. Click to go to a group and it takes me back to the news feed! Can't see any of my friends' posts; all I see are advertisements. And if that isn't enough, I try to go on through my browser and it won't even load!!! All of my other apps/websites work great! FB needs to get their stuff done RIGHT or there's going to be A LOT of uninstalls, including mine as well as deleting my account! What's the point having it if you can't use it!?
Terrible. ..I can't connect at all....smfh
Gud App
Can't even downloaded
Very best social network
Its easier to navigate. It is much easier to post pictures and status and include friends I love it
Facebook forever
I can no longer sort by most recent. I deleted thinking it would go back to the factory installed version. Nope, totally deleted it, I'm now stuck with this broken official app
Still so slow and laggy. There are also some times that the app crashes.
Good
Fb good
This app is so helpful and useful
I love fb
videos stopped playing for unknown reason..and I can't use the back button at all..pls fix it...this app can be so much better 
Since the last update it keeps foreclosing! Can't even use you!
Muhamad
nice
I love it..
Actually, how does a tablet-only app sound?
New version is a disaster ! Nothing works! This is called update ?!?
is garbage, stop telling me to install it.
loved it
I Think I Have A Problem Lol
Really interesting
This update crashes all the time. I can't even scroll through the post without it crashing saying an error
Nice
Gorgious
Videos won't play.... HTC One M8
From UAE. awesome
Whenever I try to update... it always gives an error(498) sign... what does that mean ?
Excellent Innovative Communication...
It wont even update
pay attention to what they request to access on your phone.
Really. Keeps me updated
My pictures for my timeline won't show up nothing will, I can't post comment like or share nothing is loading please fix it used to work so great but now it won't now it won't even log me in are you kidding me?? Please fix this!!
N
Disappointed to have updated the app even after reading the reviews which sadly are all true.
Its easier.... and no words to say for it.....
Good
Because when i used it my phone is very log. Arghhh ihate it
Line mcm siput
galaxy s2 jellybean.. can't install..
Bad
Ok
Vare vare good
Everytime I try to log in using this app it won't recognize my email.. but when I use my computer it's fine... how can this get fixed it used to work fine and one day to the next it wouldn't recognize it... help...
Very nic
Asking again and again to login
Chauhan
Good uses
THANK YOU FOR KEEPING PEOPLE IN TOUCH WITH SOME Of our family &Friends but this has also the test you all did to some of my friends and family members caused problems,  im very upset about that my boy's are Now LOSING THEY'RE DAD DO TO YOUR LITTLE TEST!
Nice
Oooh
Soni
Thnx for not fix it
I like this Facebook app
VERY BAD RESPONSE
Still can't turn off post notifications!!!
Video is not supporting Make error
There are continual updates all the friggin time. Slow and shuts down.
Mark
It down loads slow asf
Is not that bad is just facebook knows now about my penis pictures I guess my penis to big for facebook now 
Nice
Wow
Can't load one picture over data
Nice
Good app
Keep crashing. .. soooo disapointed.
Worst Facebook update ever! News feed wont refresh and pictures won't load. I want to see most recent posts not what was said yesterday and see it again next time I log in.....not happy at all
Newsfeed is useless. Have to go into most recent but leaves big chunks of time out. Only see certain things aswell instead of everything.
Nice app
This latest update sucks. No video plays now.
sobuj
Kenapa byk kali masuk kata laluan xblh2 juga nk masuk ???
There is a problem with recent post. Even after you press on recent post you get post from hourd, a day before. Please fix, Im on real time, not past time lol
This apps are awasam

Having trouble updating the news feed. Pls fix
Really like it but some of the updates didnt work
Won't load anything now. Last update was better.
I lyk thz new app!!!
Avast mobile detected trojan in your app. Why? I tend to trust avast more.
i like facebook
It's well
Woww ilyk it
The updated version is terrible. It force closes upon login EVERY TIME, and is very glitchy and SLOW. I hate it.
I like it
nice but not much
Superb
Srity
Wali eh very bat
Y cant I re-install on galaxy 3? ???????? Fb app is getting suckier every day!!
But Don't load Present posts
Fast run network
Exelent
Nice app
I like this
The best,,,,,,
It doesnt open nomore after i updated to new version!!
Cute
Sucks >.<
Please get the kinks out of your new update, again! Why is there such a hung problem with loading...getting on my nerves. Please fix!
Gud app
I really wish that you would stop trying to help me with forcing me to see your ads and most "popular" posts in my feed.  I hate your app and just deleted it off my phone.  I am seriously switching to Instagram for my social media site of choice.
Very good
Luv it <3 <3 :*
I like
I really2x hate dis app..
It is a really fast way for people to communicate

Unableto play video in fb..please help all those dissapointed Sony user
Best apps
Pure
Events' notification should be easy to get as notification as it was in previous version
Facebook is my life
Good one
Awesome
THE ONLY THING THAT WORKS IS MY FUKIN MESSAGES
i love this app
Good social network.
One of the most improved apps on Android. brilliant interface. Only downside is groups and pages take lot of time to load
Will not update news feed.
Hate it dam conection
Pls can't see online friends...no sign to know if dey are online. Do this and I will rate it 5start.
I like this app than other
Lately, when I open this app, it kept on saying "No Connection, tap to retry" even if there's an internet. What ever tap I make, still won't work. I uninstalled and installed it a hundred times, even reset my phone, but still, nothing happened!  Please fix this
I like it
Its good.
Love it .
update fail!!!
Ok WTF is going on......#1 can't watch videos even 15sec videos take me 2mins to watch an #2 Newsfeed is not updating. This is unacceptable and quite frankly BU||SHI+ !!!!!!
99069861
This app sucks anymore. to many changes constantly. Why fix something that's not broke. The original app was by far better then this pos version
Ultimate
I luv fb
What the heck are you doing. I have an error pop up and i can't use my Facebook anymore
It shows me my private message as a tease then blocks it and tells me I need messenger. Asks for so many permissions I cant believe it. This app can see more on my device then I can! Uninstall
Tekan cepat
Ty
I love it
Facebook
Keeps you in touch
Nice app
I wish Facebook would just disappear. What a time waster. I will never use it again
Why is " most recent " postings not the default in the news feed . . . it makes no sense. lots of people want it changed, yet you chose not to listen, so much for choice, it your way or no way.
Fantastic
Doesn't let me see the most recent or has anything in a logical order.
Wow
So best....
Deo dang nkap dc
Messing up my fon!!! Charge n all. .. how does one go back to the previous version?? Aaarrggggg
Android

Love it
Superb
It did not send me my code sort it out or ill tell everyone  I know:(
This app is a good app, download it now.
App keep crashing. Reinstall, still the Same thing. Pls fix
Excellent
Great yee
wana soe
Like it
Very poor perfomance...pls dont install this app..its always waste...
Good
I 've one problem only since last update which when i press on continue reading comments pages open or who like the post instead of .. so i hope this update will solve this problem .. thanks
Love it
Its not gettin better but gettin worse!
Wish I never updated!! Cannot set newsfeed to most recent posts so I'm seeing posts from 4 days ago. I wanna know what my family and friends are doing now not 4days ago. Doesn't load pictures on newsfeed :(. Please fix ASAP!!
Touch to friends I liked it
Video
I likes it to much
Poor
After the update it does nothing but crash every time I use the app. Better off using mobile.
Love Facebook

Love em
Everybdy knows fb is great
Hai
Best
#KeepIt
Cool
The update is terrible.  I wish I never upgraded my phone and was forced to update this app. Stop trying to fix things when they're not broken!
Updated and started to instantly crash.
This app shuts down it self repeatdly during exploring news feed
rubbish
Nice app
This is the coolest app that I've ever had in my phone:-) love it
For me,i want a previous one.... Are yiu tray ng to update the software or making it worst????
ktnaing
Dont like the new setup at all!! Have to switch back and forth through everything. BRING BACK OLD SETUP!!
Sooper
So slow!
Fghhjkl
Good i love it
I wonder who developed this app! Needs drastic improvement or take this star for ever.......
tsk tsk
Goergerous
My news feeds don't show I can't upload video if I start to look at a video it has no sound & the video doesn't play all the way teal the end it keep stopping &  I can't post
XD CX
Awesome!!
Hey guys evrytime am trying to download Facebook app it download first and refuse to install notifying me that the package was not signed correctly.it realy sucks coz it is consuming alot of my data bundle and after all it is unseccessfully downloaded.please can you sort out my problem coz i cant even download pictures.
§³§å§á§Ö§â §Õ§â§Ñ§Ù§ß§Ö§ë§à §ã§Ó§Ö§ä§Ö§ß§Ö §ß§Ñ §ß§à§ä§Ú§æ§Ú§Ü§Ñ§è§Ú§Ú§ä§Ö §á§à§ã§ä§à§ñ§ß§ß§à (§á§â§Ú §á§à§Ý§à§Ø§Ö§ß§Ú§Ö, §é§Ö §ã§Ö §á§â§à§Ó§Ö§â§ñ§Ó§Ñ§ä §Ó§ã§Ö§Ü§Ú §á§ì§ä)...§Ü§Ñ§Ü§ä§à §ã§Ö §Ü§Ñ§Ù§Ó§Ñ - §Þ§ß§à§Ô§à §ê§å§Þ §Ù§Ñ §ß§Ú§ë§à!
Its error
Does everything but wash air dishes im sure it would have done that too of id asked nice enough l...x
Pk
only issue im having with it is that it keeps freezing up and that my news feed isnt up to date...its
Good
Awesome
It sucks I hate it I get the same news feed everytimr
new feature photo comment and attach photo is good, but news feed, friends, message, notification bar i dislike it past style was good. please fix this. Facebook has started to do the update karatecha abuse and damage, the phone becomes slow inventory, not responding again, or phajalamo?
Why you are upload a test version....13.0.0.11.14
Overall good
Champa
k
Vj
Valce
I love is app
Consume a lot of data and takes time to see pics
Not bad
Fb running very simple
Best
Update is getting worst
Can't receive notification... sad,,
Keep reinstalling and i lovin it!
Use this app daily
Social Media
When the new update came out it would not download so I deleted the app so I could redownload the app but now it wont let me download facebook at all.
I loved it
Amazing !!!!!!!!
I thought it was my phone but got a new phone and fb won't update...even after I uninstall and reinstall! Very frustrating, the only way I can use fb via my phone is thru chrome...from there it works fast and does what I need it to do.  Don't know what they did recently but it's not working properly via on its own from my phone.  Annoying as heck!!!!
None at this time.
V.bkjg
best app ever
I love facebook it gives me time to socialize with my friends and family its so fun and it encourages me to speak my mind with statuses!! I hope to pursuade you to download and use this app
I will get 7 stars wow *******
It great
Luv it nice app

I only use facebook mostly to watch videos,now I can't even view any, the screen freezes within 3 sec. Very annoying please fix. I absolutely hate facebook.
kem
Alongkmc
it stock all the time, then forced close.
Ok
Worst update EVER!!!
It would be better if y'all had it for wifi and non WiFi if y'all fixed that it'll be good
It's easy to talk to my friends and other family members when I'm on vacation
When I log on it doesn't update anything! It won't let me update my pictures! Please FIX.... Motorola X
It doesn't have birthday notifications, it's not consistent. The "notifucation" option in pics n status updates is missing. Please fix this asap
Good
So good
Good
Gud
Good
I love this app....and very use full appp
Awesome.....
Kyrgyzstan
Facebook
Easy to use
Good app for all world
Zm
Best apps for fb very nice
Excellent, Excellent Communication.
Connecting people around the world...
Its slow
Very nice
Cool
I like it
Be loved.
Plz fix the bugs that make the app freeze every time a video is loading I can't even scroll down my news feed it's really annoying
It takes ages before it opens up. And sometimes when it does open it would crash down eventually!!! Can't even see my notifications please fix.
Fb
Not soo bad.. bt some times tis app hangs ..
Its so easy to see notifications, messages and friend requests. It is also very helpful than the old version
More.fecilities.more options
I hate Facebook but I like looking at pictures lol
Wow
Super duper
It my life line to the friends n family i cant c day to day
Great to everyone
The facebook is conecting world.......
Soo nice
Love it
Please tell us why this is not move to sd card
Karunakar
I love Facebook Cause I Fought A Lot Of Friends And Family That I Thought I Had Lost Forever
Great improvement
I'm fixing to delete Facebook do to it takes forever to load anything and I have full service so its not my phone its the upgrade you all did.
Its really nice.......
It is a good app
This app is excellence.
Fab
Im rating this app from 5¡ï to 2¡ï. This app is getting worse by worse after every update. Removed features like Video download, reporting(page,profile,status or comments. After this update FB started to crash n force close suddenly when we go through our walls/profiles/groups/pages, etc. It drains baterry so fast & be ready to stay with ur mobile near ur wall socket by connecting charger. Also this is Memory(RAM) eating app, it uses upto 60-120 MB of RAM even when we are not using! Fix it next update for 5¡ï
Butt, but im still here so what now what?
I can't post pics to comments
Lame
Best
good
Ohsam
I hate this new update nothing loading or updating like before just want to go back before I updated today. I trying to posts pic and been at 1% for three hours now SUCKS
Love facebook and the improvements!
I restart so many time but it not able to perform will just stop and stop and hang
nice and cool
No option for posting pics in comment box. And no option for reply to any comment.
Great
Typical greedy American corporation make changes to suit you not the people using it
Try to fix everthing about this app after the update facebook has become something else and its taking alot of space for nothing
Mindblowing
Facebook
News feed won't load unless I manually clear out my cache and force stop the app. Notifies me about random people's birthdays with no apparent formula for choosing which friends' birthdays merit notifications. Constantly turns on my location for messaging regardless of how many times I manually turn it off. It's pretty disappointing when a mobile website is preferable to an app.
Process is so slow please improve this app
Great app
Awesome way to not  communicate with your friends and family
Good application
Joss
Can't read previous comment!! Fix this!!!
I use it daily...like the news..lol
I hate this its aLways freeze !
Thanks
Super Facebook
Pinku Kumar
Good apps
Updates need improvement
The only thing that I have a good idea to have a good idea to have a good idea to have a good idea, but the most important things in life, and a half years ago.
I am not at all happy with FB... for searchng of friends i have to again scroll down entire list and when i go to certain profile and then again coming back..i have to scroll down entire list agiain and again.. In earlier FB, when i go back it uesd to start from that page only... this FB start from the list from the begining.... please fix this issue.....
Awesome way to communicate with your friends and family
Good
Hate the update!!!!
I like This Browser.... Very faster..
Theres no option of create page in setting.
Thullu
Lovely...
Superb
nice app
Hello
Since the new update Facebook sux! Takes forever to load.
I can't download it in my tablet and android pc  :(
Bheemanagouda       Bheemu
It keeps freezing, and not loading. This update is GARBAGE!
Superb!
Plz fix it
I love fb its awesome
It is so fast
Great except for all the add that note are appearing
It want let me watch videos No more and when I click on the video the application stops working
amazing
Any time, any where, any one, any way keep touch
AMAZING FACEBOOK RULES
The latest update of facebook is a total crap. I cannot access it. The moment i open Facebook it take 5 minutes to load and crashes abruptly. Fix it asap!
we can't reply to comments. -___-
This app sux. It has old info on timeline and every time i try to view a video its says an unknown error has occured. I have uninstalled and reinstalled this app to no end. It doesnt fix anything. You really need to do something considering how many users you have and how much money you make off it.
I hate it   i cant download it realy bad cant upload vedio *but fix it i'll give you five stars :)
Good
Safi
I can't post pic anymore also can't send voice message.
since last update my news feed freezes and FB exits. Have uninstalled from my S2U and might leave FB if this is not fixed soon.
Its good
I am loving it.
Please fix it, when I upload my own photos, I want to pick from the folders, not scroll through random mixed orders all at once, make it easier to upload.
Good
Best
Realy
Won't let me play videos
Wow. Glitchy as all hell. Can't successfully stalk suggested friends, and the interface is inconsistent. Was much better on an iPhone.
Good
This software is not working properly as some modification and advancement is required
Love it the best
Very easy to use and good app
5 star performing Facebook.... Very useful
Whoever thought that users would like to see videos they had no interest in watching needs to get a pink slip. Makes browsing my news feed slow and choppy.
Working slow very bad
Look if i ever came down having to tell the world what im in my everyday life..lock me up
i hate it !! i cant see whose online and not ..please fix this 
Nothing
So good
Excellent medium to catch up with friends in real time n to search lost loving old pals effectively n affectionately.
Good
Facebook no longer works for any other app. apps open Facebook login but there is no way to input text, tapping username or email box does not bring focus and does not open keyboard.
If you still have the Facebook that let's you choose between most recent and top news, keep it. This new update Sucks. I want to see things in order of the time they were posted. Not.something from 10 hours ago. Worst. Update. Ever. No longer using the app, instead I'm using Web browser (chrome)
Videos play on their own while scrolling, so i can watch if it'll be interesting first, add pics to comments, stop notifications....very happy facebook user
Nice
Need to fix when going back to previous screen where all that i left behing is gone....i need to scroll back to find what i left for.....like comment,,,friend request and more...fix it....tq
It froze all the time
Won't let me watch videos
Good app most the time but why so many allowances?! Completely unnecessary and not worth installing just to lose all privacy.
The news feed sucks. I think I may have to go back to MySpace :(
Very nice app
Ginawo ku ginawo nu
Balu dhokle
Absolutely rubbish. .how many times should we update? Every 24 hrs update notification. ..wtf...
Don't download time waste mind waste money waste I am giving 5 stars because I am using also. Go to hike messenger is having free SMS for all over India for any number
You need to fix the video playback on Sony Xperia z2 error all the time
This update wont let me see comments that ppl post. I get post like from two days ago then a recent one. It is always freezing up. I wish I never done this update. This last update isn't any better on july 15th still freezing up. This is so freaking ridiculous I'm so close to cancel fb all together. It's been to long dealing w this.
no
Not bad but not good allso
Love it
General
Better
Who cares if y'all think the Facebook update sucks its just Facebook!!
The app is not working with wifi since the update the app is crap
I love it
Meh
The best app.
New timeline view is the worst ever. I can't see all of my friends' posts. Why?
U
Keeps me up to date with family and friends but news feeds need improving
Very slow app
The day has come that Facebook to be on our phones we have to give them permission to read our text messages.. This is sad
Dear Facebook, Please don't use up too much memory when running in the background. Even pushmail services and other apps are not as battery draining as Facebook. You suck out too much battery power at once!!!!!
Whenever I try to download this app an Error Code appears (-24) I tried downloading it several times, but it doesn't work, my tablet has a lot of memory for this app and it still doesn't work. PLEASE REPLY!
The video player part will not play anymore !
tnx.
You're welcome to attend the interview
Very good application for GTS-5302
Slow on picture loading
Facebook
There's no option anymore to show my news feed chronologically.  Friends' posts from 14 minutes ago are showing up below sponsored posts from two days ago.
It always crash everytime i open the app :(
Superb
Pictures not loading....again.....
cool
Im trying to reset my password but im not reciveing the email with 6 digit code to reset it. The email and stuff is correct. Please help.
:)
Good
It keeps crashing. News feed should read "old news" instead of news feed. With update, can't post picture comments. Have never been able to reply to other people's comments either. Tagging never works with people who are not on your friends list. My phone internet may be slow, but Facebook on there is a whole lot better than this. Uninstalling!
What ever I wish it to be
Excellent
its gorgeous apps, but don't copyng system
awesome app but unable to see previous posts of 1 or 2 days
Awesome app!
Sexkoriean
<3 <3
slower update and closes every time you try to open anything
Very nice
Ullanam kerala
Its fast and easy
Bullshit network problem ...... hate it
It's ok
Good
Khan
Allows you one touch access to facebook.
Dum cant download it waste my time
FB
I love the update,but its too slow  And keep on saying Facebook isn't responding
The recorder is not working that's the only fault I have rite now..give us an update..
Mad up
It takes a lot of time to open and takes up a lot of RAM
it is 29 mb to download but then it takes over 400 mb how? And why?
Pics
Love it
Tx Ryderz
Timeline does not update current information, I'm seeing post from previous day or hours ago!
nice
Everything takes much longer to load then previous update. Not very happy shouldnt of updated. (Even running off WiFi)
Always uninstalled:/
Wont download after telling me to unistall. I dont see anything new almost ever. The the hell facebook!
But kinda slow... Fix it please.
adelaida123
huhuhu
I tried my best to not update this app. But I accidentally clicked it -_-. My pictures won't load. I don't want to see my top stories.  My videos won't play. My news feed updates every 3 hours. I'm sick and tired of these updates just making everything worse. Until you fix these bugs you will get one star. If I could I would give you zero stars.
Very slow.  Annoying.
NO MORE CALLS? I HATE THIS 
Awsome app. Always keep me in touch with my friends.
Jay ho
Have been having problems with uploading pictures that have been edited by Google plus photo editor.. my phone takes dark photos so I have to brighten them up.. now I can't upload my pictures.. fix this and I'll rate it 5 stars. Thanks
This app is so amazing
My pics won't load, it's slow...sucks
One day it was gone and I kept getting asked to friend my friends it asked me to friend myself over and over.  Having a friend look at this mess Thursday
I've been using this app for months now and haven't had a problem until today. I keep getting error messages for a lot of things and its extremely slow. I have been trying for the last 3 hours to upload a picture and its really starting to annoy me. Fix it.
Nicely
Hi
app
Hate this updated version
Hi, i am getting this error while logging in: "Sorry unable to login to facebook. Please check your network connection or try again later". can you please help me on this
Crashes all the time
Nice app
Nikunj
im not sure if it is just my phone but facebook will not load anything. videos turn into a black screen as well as pictures. i see posts from weeks ago. i dont care about what i already saw. even when i click most recent nothing changes. i continue seeings the SAME THING. if you can fix this i will give it 5 stars
it keeps on crashing. i thought you were tryna update this app from time to time. but WTF. cant you reach at a point wherein you could able to lessen or else stop the "facebook-not-responding-forced-close-the-app-scenarios? its causing a lot of inconvenience. smh
Eranakulam
It doesn't show everything in news feed. It doesn't load like it use to. Have had to uninstall 3 times already
N
Every update makes the app more  worse -.-
Facebook last update version is much better than this! Bring back the last update or better yet fix the problem before releasing a new one.
Superb
wala kyau cihamin kyaua sum delasso :D
Only app i have ever downloaded that gets worse with every update.
Good
Good...
Some times I can't get my news feed updated
When i open this app my mobile is hang and return to back screen .........? This ubdate is poor ......-
Sahi
Depends on users :-P
Social Networking site
Ghhsjajjajjja
Sab dosti aur sabse pyar karo
It was great
When i see my notifications for likes and comments from any of my friends there was a small frame at the right show the content of the post if it was a pic. ,it doesn't appear anymore now when i share a post with a picture from any page on fb before the update the picture appears at the buttom of the page in small frame now it doesn't!!!!
Ommy
It's terrible
Parth
Update for my RAZR max is really slow will not allow for feedback, comments, viewing pictures, quick.responses with emails...etc....
Don't work right on tablet!!! Won't load without errors.
I can't stand the new update its not working on my galaxy!
Nice app. ;)
Everything works perfect
Good
No longer allows to share to specific friends.  When typing their names it doesn't show a list anymore.
Nyc app
Still a lot of updating has to happen.. overall better experience..
Not good but ok.totally mind burn apps.
The automatic video play is too much data on my plan.  Have a difficult time AVOIDING synchronization features.   I keep my professional contacts separate from personal.
Good
Very good apps
Jgn susah daftar
Good app, just won't let me Tag people, this problem started yesterday & i still can't tag anyone. Fix this please
Its ok
I love you
:-)
I can't load any pictures on my news feed or that's commented onto my posts. Smh fix this plz
Works pretty good, would be much better being able to add photos or Backounds when posting a New event. I would give it 5 stars if this was fixed.
Slow load up of pics but it gets the fb job done
Wont play videos! :(
New update is awful. Starts hanging after ten minutes.
No updates from both Facebook Mobile and Android and all of a sudden it keeps crashing my phone. Everything was running fine before I went to bed and when I woke up, it won't work anymore! My phone reboots EVERYTIME I try to launch FB. Uninstalling it or clearing its cache or data does the same thing! Help!!
Not perfect!!!
We already freely give so much information to Facebook, and as a result of mounting permissions, I have since uninstalled. Personally I think having permissions to access your camera, photo gallery, microphone and other intrusive stuff is a bit over the top and creepy.
Love it
Always says I'm off line can't see anything my friends post sucks really sucks!!!
Its good applacations
Rash
Awsome
Love facebook
Slow
working good
Very good
Why will this rarely work on wifi? It's terrible.
Ui is slow and there's no way to get back to the main screen when in a conversation easily - you have to keep pressing back until it eventually takes you there
Kept crashing until I updated and now it wants access to pretty much everything on my phone. I'm fed up with the changes I'm about to delete it all together
Slow at times and news doesn't show until hour after. Fix this and I will give 5 stars.
The new Facebook is kinda good like what people are saying it wont load sometimes and the most i can give u is 4 stars..
Love it
Good
I use this app daily and it gets annoying when I can't even look into what my friends have been up to- which is kind of the point......
This is forcing us to leave facebook!! Seriously i havnt 'read' facebook for a few months because of this issue!!
My phone only have 2GB of memory and this thing update just to change it look? That's insane! Now it's almost 63MB,and I can download any other app... x-(
Good
This app works just the way I want it to and I can connect to all my friends and family but it took a lot of time to download and to load things that I touched
Kko
Every time I try to download after it says installing it says  problem while downloading unknown error "-24"  please fixx!!!!!!!!
Friend
It's ok until the error loading newsfeed banner pops up, or it takes forever and a day to load pictures, comments, or posts...videos are loading much better so thanks for that, but other then that I don't see much of an improvement.
Makkah
Liked older version better.
This is the best app I have ever used
I say crap, your latest update has ruined the app. Can't upload photos,can't see my page.everything is slow,slow,slow! Good work
Put peoples updates and stories in chronological order!!!!
Friendly UI, smoothly and no error any more...
Cooooooooooooooool
New update causes app to foreclose 9/10 time you try to open it! 10x slower!!! NEED TO FIX ASAP
It is very good apps
I love this app
You can't choose whether you want to see recent posts or ones from a week ago. This update is incredibly moronic. Please fix!  I have seen the same picture on my timeline for the past 3 weeks...
Interested
The last update sucks
Good to use to connect with others
I hate that it shows old messages instead of current please fix and tighten up on the spam messages...
You cant change your news feed to most recent. It stays on top stories. Very annoying
I dont want to see anything that updated yesterday. Very poor and I dislike ur new update as well. Not loading anything.
Crashes all the time! If I can get it to load the first couple of times I try opening the app, that is. The biggest social media network and bugs in your app still? You guys do realize that phone/tablet access is the new craze these days, right? I mean it only makes sense that you'd have the top recruited development staff in the industry... I'm let down, by the frequency of app failure and the multi-level navigation from page to page (confusing) of this update!
connected with friends.
After the last update... Not able to play video and I guess it has to many buggs in the app
Good
I wonder if I could get some one to see if they could get my Facebook pass word working right for me
Its ok app
Na hunu vandha kaano mama jaati
Keeps freezing all the time and i cannot watch videos
Bt it hangs the phone when ever i open it
Nice
Robel hossain
Sarfraz humayun..nns...nice
Bhaiyo ye modi se mile h fb wale ye sare corrept h
Cool
Hanging way too often on Samsung galaxy S4. This issue has started only recently though. I think the latest release is the culprit. Please fix. This is very annoying.
Try ..but show designe
Mom won't let me get it because people post inappropriate things on there Plz Facebook  delete inappropriate stuff Plz So I can get it
Friendcaster is so much better. Sucks the official facebook app gets owned by a third party app. $5 for it, well worth it.  This app makes it difficult to even sort timeline as Most recent.  Forces popular on you.  Horrible
New vesion have error saving when we save pics :( totally waste of tym
Pook
Is alright
got lot of history on my page
It is awesome
I don't understand why the app shows top stories now by default,  I want to see the newest posts not stuff 17 hrs ago or even yesterday! This app gets worse all the time.
Motorola Electrify.  I cannot begin to describe the extent to which this most recent update sucks.
Ive always liked this app lol
For the past 2 days my Facebook news feed has had problems updating. Its annoying and I hate it. It never did this before till I updated it the last time. Very unhappy with it. Idk what the "unknown error"  is but it better get fixed.....
Slow as a snail
Crashes all the Time, like many others I don't care what people dide 2 years ago. Get it right.
I loved it before the update. I hate seeing posts from 5 and 6 says previous. Other than that, love it.
Sajenk
new up dates are rubbish yeah is good that you can now do things you couldn't before but now it keeps freezing then crashing every time i try to watch videos. only shows me people I've been interacting with recently on my news feed or people i don't talk to any more? drains my battery now have to charge my phone twice a day :-\ sort your selves out Facebook
Pictures loads slow and stop completely all the time. While browsing through a group's posts and comments, it goes back to the top of the group's page when I close the comments tab and I'll have to scroll back and load the very bottom where I was just moments ago. Why? Such inconvenience and a waste of data. Plus why is the 'people you may know' tab in between the home and chat tab? It doesn't make sense! And recently the links to the outside sites stop working. Not good enough.
I like it. Just wish it would show my news feed in order, and show everything! I see different posts on my phone than on my desktop.
Good
Very good
Waste totally waste..
Yang baik tetap baik
it keeps not loading pages or comments. it'll work for a lil while but then my notifications don't come thru and can't check anything if it doesn't load. please fix.
Great,helpul ...
How can I find friends with whom I have lost contact.
Not working...too slow
Nais
So far so goOd
Harisha
Ok
I hate the update and it has done nothing but mess up my phone! Crashing, not loading properly, can't browse or anything...fix it!
It very nice but how to save email addr. N password
Facebook is very easy and we are connected to each other
I love the app
Facebook is cool u can talk to your friends
Number one
Super slow after update! Not happy at all
Error
It's not prper
Facebook
This application become more faster than the previous update!
Switching to Google Plus now...
Love fb!
awesme
Hi fb.. There is a new prob coming up. Whenever I play a video its crashes saying an unkown error has occured. Then again same video works on second or third try..
I lv this app....
Problem, 1)  we can't copy or pest status Add those two things and make app five star *****

Keep freezing,  cant scroll or do anything,  it just sits there idle til it fully crashed!  Fix this now!
After the last update my Facebook keeps freezing after about 2 seconds of browsing. It's annoying!!
Whole thing became slower.
Loved the new update until I couldn't even open my messages!  It lags and force closes! Soooo annoyingg! Please fix
Love
Slow please fix
Can't like since update.  ....update:  uninstalled and using browser FB with success.    Many month's later... app updates appear to be as buggy as ever.  Why does FB allow this to persist on the most prevalent smartphone/tablet OS?  0 stars! I updated by mistake on 7/15 what a terrible app.
Everybody loving it.
Get rid of the adds and I will give you a better score.
Suck a di
9
clear data clear cache loginted
Facebook can help you or bring you down!!!
This app is just awful, it has so many flaws I don't even know where to begin. It is slow, the notifications take ages to appear, sometimes I click on a notification and nothing happens, I can't shut off notifications from groups because I post one little thing on a thread an I recieve countless notifications  that I don't care to see but I can't shut off.  Images take loads to upload, I don't recieve recent posts from friends, I get them hours or even a day later.  No security. And it freezes horribly.
Chohan
nice
The app keeps freezing up and crashing
It's better than the app... makes better use of screen real estate, less ads, doesn't do sketchy stuff in the background, and can't get as much access to your private stuff on your phone.
Good app
Working fine ...
Bomb dot com
Good app
Only updated because it made me. Now it crashes every time I scroll down the page. Maybe it's finally time to unfriend Facebook.
It sucks.too much drama
Super.. .....
Too slow, i made a test on my phone and the speed is 5.7 Mbs but when i use this app it takes alot of time likee aloooot to open almost nothing
Awesome
Just need a button to delete or take away all suggested friends. Don't wanna see some people if I'm not there friends.
Terbaikk..
It's great
Tried to give you another chance since my last time having a Fb in 2009. Quickly lost patience. Uninstalled the peice of crap .

I think face book is the best u can serch for friends and stuff
Fb rocks need updated needed
Phrapradaeng2014
This is very slow then browser plz upgrade this for as to fast
But it has an error that logged me out and won't let me log back in, what the funk happened?
good
Susah nk log in
Always gets me (#2) service temporarily unavailable, I   see posts after 2 days , I am not updated immediately, can't receive messages from my friends while chatting, always online while I am appearing offline , can't open the events nor the groups , please fix this
Very good to get connected with friends n family
Force closes,  newsfeed loading errors! So disappointed!
Best
Keeps "forcing close". I have uninstalled, reinstalled, reset phone, and it still does it. Only app that does that force close thing.....smh, not good
Only time killing update
Ok
./.
Why the fuq does this app keep getting larger and larger, approaching 90mbs and growing with no option to move to SD.. really? This is an obvious problem guys.. Is Mark letting interns code or something?

Keeps crashing after recent update. Boo
Facebook
This app has an error when trying to play videos
Good
Great :)
After the update I can't watch videos on my newsfeed.
That tuyet
I am able to access it that's to having a normal computer. Much happier..
When try installing it says invalid package file. It sucks
Lot of problems always stoping

Nice
no puedo abrir la aplicaci¨®n desde mi celular me aparece que ha ocurrido un error Ayuda!
fix it!!!
Whenever I refresh, it automatically logs me off!
Api error -_-
Always slow
I love this
Good game
The application keeps freezing where it won't respond at all! ! Can exit and come back and still frozen.  Is not my phone because other apps work fine on Galaxy s5! Thinking about uninstalling app
I hav a problem with this app. Recently each time I open this app I automatically get logged out and I am asked to log in again and again . It says authentification failed. It also asks to sync other apps with facebook which I donot want to .is it compulsary to ???
I Love It.
Cannot downloead picture from cloud
Got an loading error now I can't login anymore!!! FIX
Not gud
Muivuenaesta.aplicasion
Great
I think it is a little bit slow and not that smooth.But better than before.
Only works when it wants to. The app is at its lowest. I hope it can only get better from here.
Everyone else is saying exactly how I feel so idt I need to waste any more time. Updates are ruining the app. On my old phone I had the older version and I never updated it. Now with my new note 3 im stuck with the newer version and I wish I could go back. Screw updates give me an older version with no issues.
App keeps shutting down on me after last update. Checking fb has become a hassle.
This is a great app works great 100% recommend it
my car is not good nw
Baik
Messenger notification comes on even though there's no new messages. Please fix.
Bestt.. Doe
I cant load my timeline or anything. Says network error but have no problems with other apps.
Thanks
Its Slow
Ayaw gumana ng msg d mapindot
Nice app
Its an improvement, but still can be better.
I Don't Like The Update Everytime I Try To Get On It Closes Out
But not satisifies by the people having slow data connection.
the font is waaay too small!!
Love it
Wawakiabathai
Getting worse with every update 
M
hayate
Being worst
This is woderful
I am not able to install in new divice...
I tried to change my password bc someone was trying to get into my account and it locks me out for 24 hours. That ridiculous.  Oh and when I got married I could not change my name until I complained. I will change my comment if they let me into my fb!
Can't upload pix after the update. I'm on vacation. Thanks facebook.
I liking in the f b
(Y)
I'm so not liking the new update... Everything I see is from weeks ago or from yesterday... change it back!!! Videos don't play or it crash...absolutely hate this app
Nice app
Takes forever to load news feed, having to go and manually select most recent is dumb and why is it that the app installs at 24mb but in 2 weeks it shows up as over 250mb in my phones storage page.  Also don't even get me started on the so called "updates"
Instead of info update its show 20 hours ago.....
This app is soo slow in my phone is there any  booster pack for it
Need another update...hating dis
facbook
Errorrrrrrrr !!!! Suck !!!
The best
Hai
Sanggat suka
Error every time I try to connect
I can NOT watch videos. I continuously get an unknown error message. It doesn't matter if I'm mid-video at the beginning or end of a video but I can not watch a video. This is dumb and a hassle and it needs to be fixed...like LAST MONTH
I love the app
best tu
Galaxy s4 mega .... nothing works with the new update
terbaaik
Beautiful (Y) (Y)
Time page aint load rite i should never up grade it it was. Find to up grade it u need to fix it
I always us FB* app's  This is the gooood'st app I'ved us............;-)
Nice but one thing is that text can't be copied on Facebook pages or timlines...pls update it..
like
Amazingly. ..
This app is suck! First time i use this app , the condition is good but in several days i cant access to my account. It always said 'error, try again later'..
I can't pull any pictures up and it won't load up anymore
This is awesome i love this app.
The notifications doesnt update immediately.
Its cool
Good
Love
This app is way too slow on 4g network...freezes...HATE it!
Nice app by fb
Previous version wax much n more betr dan dix1...
This is a second and last time I even try to load or even download this app won't even let me download it all the way must I say crap!!!!!!!!!
I love it ...Mwah ur Foxx Owweee 2 Finggas stay truly Superfoxxilicious awesomely blessed <3
it is awful now may resort to antique communication. Why do they need access to my calls and caller log
Social networking
Please fix it.
It wont let me in
Fix the like button problem
It's very very cool
Error updating new feed. Please fix it fast.
I dont know what the hell is going on here.....I cant evn download videos,hey thic must be fixed soon I can't take it anymore.
Quit censoring posts of what u think I like, you people have turned into nothing more the a bunch of socialist trying to limit what people see
It such a good app ever .
I love it
Ok

It's Facebook. ..
Need Some Txtin Buddys
Evetytime I tried to upload a video the app gets stuck and I have to uninstall then reinstall !! Fix please
Gotta love it.
ali
FB is going in the wrong direction! This app is horrible, yikes, it's a 1 star app.
It's not good now the more you make it better it's getting worsened. Slow apps
Goods
Its good to see some new things
But It Make Phone slow Down please Try To Rectify this
I cannot log in my account its automatic log out my account just few second ago please fix this issues
12
turn off notifications doesn't work   ¡î¡î¡î¡î¡î NO STARS!!
Very good
I can uplaod my photos in this facebook that is an direct apliccation that an open web page
The best
Better than a fuckin browser though
Need more privacy options
My friends are funny
The update is slow and using more data!
Why can't we reply to commments in this app? That seems like something that would've been added so long ago. Long press and click reply. Maybe add it next to like?
Videos turn off after couple of seconds
Still BULLSHIT
Every time i log in it says Facebook is not responding every time
Why does such a simple app use over 200MB? I could use that space elsewhere. And why is the 'most recent' feed where it's hard to find?
Like FB, hate their app permissions
Nice app
Superb app
Facebook is awesome
The page won't load my news feed or anything else.
tai lau nhu ruaaa
So good
Stop the auto refresh & give us back the option to leave our page on most recent ffs
Terrible update.
Updates have messed it up completely
SUCKS SUCKS SUCKS!!! STILL NO CHANGES! !! LIKE WTH???If I could give this a negative zero I would. Since I updated I still keep getting pushed out of fb!! It won't even freakn let me log in!! I will be using from browser for now on. So disgusted!! What happened to the old fb app?? Smh!!
Luv Facebook
Crashing and turned off while scrolling.. Plz why?
Best for entertainment
Thanks
Excellent
Sengat baik
This version ..fuckin bad
Like
Very beautiful. ......
Seriously?I updated this app hoping that it will improve but why the hell it kept on making error...
Why do my husband and I have different versions? Been that way for a yr and neither of us can update the app.
Why are some of my news feed posts now included in my pages feed? They are two totally different things and were always separate before.
Creative fb
When i found out i can get facebook on the phone.I downloaded it oh my gosh it was AMAZING
Nice
GOOD
It's the best
it's really awesome
It's ok
Jitendra chauhan
Instead of saying active now when they are on their device,  why dont you let it say active now when they are on the facebook app?
;)
ShresthA
Nice
It can help me find a good woman I hope amd more u never no what life holds
I find it really pathetic how i have to access the play store in order to go onto Facebook. That and it doesnt work well at all. Fix it
I wish I could make a picture on my phone the whole picture instead of having just the square it allows me to have.
awsum
Very good update app easy to use. Great up dates much better now.
Its suuperb
Unable to upload videos
Whenever I click play on a video (using an LG G2) on my phone, it plays the video in a very low quality, when it can be played at a higher quality on the PC. I cannot seem to alter the quality on the phone while playing. Please fix!
Facebook
I hate this new update! I have to go through more steps to get to most recent; I don't understand why there is even an option for top stories. Who decides what is a top story anyway and why would people want to read what they've already read?
Good
HELLO!WORLD

This thing is stupid I just started using it and when I try sending messages it keeps going to home page and not giving me the time to finish type my messages fix this please ............. am taking a break from it doh
Keeps deleting friends, quitting group, removing comments, etc
Facebook is awsome
Awesome
Magamda
The bomb in 66 years old
Thanks for this
Awsome
Riman
Awesome
Loved it
Im using asus zenfone 5. Seems working fine
Take the app to long to download
loved it to use it
Very poor it doesn't show my news feed takes forever to show timeliness. Needs to be fixed ASAP
My news feed wouldn't update from June 23rd. So I uninstalled the app and now I can't install it again. Getting error 24. As of today July 15th, I am still unable to download the app. Wth??
Had this app on my tablet since up date won't even open andmy fb messenger just says its stopped working this sucks fb need to fix this asap now every time I try to log in fb has stopped working really can't stand this app now and don't get no help by reporting it don't download  it sucks
Havent had a problem yet
Super dooper
Mahmad yar
I don't like this latest version
I love Facebook so much 
Yggmmox   Vi.
This app would be perfect if you could block game request! And possibly make it easier to block people!!
Love face book
Hateeeeee it
Ok
Nothing too say
Is there any way to go back to the FB android app from, say, 2009? Just keeps getting more and more UNSTABLE. Do the developers even test this crap before they launch an update? CRASH CRASH CRASH. If we do the math, percentage wise 20% of the users think this app SUCKS (1 star).  Galaxy S3.
Cool
Won't sync any game apps when you get a different phone may just lose Facebook if not fixed won't even sync my contacts
Utter Bullshit I Repeat Utter Bullshit ..
Love it
Wow the mobile spam news feed is getting more pervasive
Awesome
Download newest facebook
What a pathatic version u have made fb. I am hating it. Keeps on crashing nd is xtremely slow .
Always freezes and then crashes since the update.
Why does it keep telling me an error occured opening the app and forcing me to uninstall it then when I try to reinstall it tells me that an error occured during installation? This phone is less than 24 hours old. Every other app ive downloaded works. Fix this NOW. Imbiciles.
Gud improvement
Im having issues with the Android version. I have crashes
The best Recommend
Qualon
From back u need to improve
Just a mess

Site crashes all he tim,runs slow,crap!
Excellent app.
Good way to keep in touch
Facebook is awesome butvi got a new phone number but I use my nee one it goes to the old one so I dont get it to me
Kudus to you!!! Am enjoying dis app!!
Last update made the app laggy.  Used to be great.
Fluidissimo dopo l'ultimo aggiornamento!
Amazing! :)
This Social Network is advertised with hipsters.
Keeps shutting down my phone.
To hard to log
Latest update has messed up the whole app.. Slow and freezes up.. Boo thumbs down!
Awesome
People still can see me online while use phone.
Would like it if only friends can see not friends of friends don't know them so they shouldn't have the right to see a thing off my fb make it possible for us that would like a lil more privacy please consider
This update crashed and set phone in safe mode. Had to uninstall. Do not upgrade!!
Totally sucks. So slow and takes for ever to load pics
keep crashing when i scroll to the end.
Love this
Its all right

WHY YOU'RE NOT FIXING THE APP! I UPDATED THE APP SEVERAL TIMES AND REINSTALLED IT! IT ALWAYS CRASHING! PLEASE FIX IT!!!! 
Its good
It Has My Face But Its A Book
There is a some new features in this app comparing to old version...
It would be nicer if sharing others' photo is not only upload the photo on my timeline but with their original caption and details like we share photos using a pc.
Happy day and have a great day weeken
Eljay27
Old man an kind
Nobody likes this strange backwards update....what was wrong with it before?
Browser is much better then this shyt app
Im having problems with keeping "f" symbol on panel. Keeps disappearing from front page.
Never loads, pictures aren't seen, takes forever to get a post, sucks badly, common!
Every since I've updated I have been having nothing but constant issues! Keeps freezing and timeline  updates are behind
In the message part it freezes and lags.
I want to share post of my page in groups but there are so many groups and into takes too much time to share it one by one. I want a new feature to select all groups and share the post to them at once. Please give this feature ASAP. Thanks
Cant even see the newest stories smh
Wow
I finally updated.. wish I didn't.. everything is so slow.. can't upload anything.. worst update ever! Please fix asap!
Its a cool website..
Awesome!
Nice
I can't live life without facebook
Love LOL
Awesome
Lot of creepy people have Facebook, u dont know who u are going to meet!! I hate Facebook
Facebook
Facebook will now randomly update the feed when I'm scrolling through.
It is not downloading it and i have lots of space on my phone buti t said invalid URI
You would think with all of these negative feedbacks that you would possibly try to do something about it... All my facebook does it want me to force close repeatedly.
New update needs fixing !FB is now always freezing and the new format is not worth all the problems!
Great app!
Thanks for nothing, AGAIN.  I hate you soooo much.  Constant crashing.  I mean CONSTANT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Good
Everytime i scroll down notification always changing to old notifications,, i have to view on my pc to get new notification,, whats this app for if i cannot read my new notifications????
Constantly refreshing even when you don't want it to and even though I selected it not to in the settings. Randomly showing the same stories over and over and there is no option to see your news feeds in order of your choosing. What is up with these terrible changes????
Slow and often 2 days behind
Way terrible now.   Most recent is hidden.   Can't change the 6 point font size,  making unreadable.   You need to get fixed now.  Look at all the low ratings you are getting
Awesome
Somehow with every "update" Facebook gets worse. I no longer have the share option. Can't post pics on comments. Can't search for people without opening a browser. Sometimes the like option even disappears. Can't edit my posts or the audience of them.
I don't Iike the updated version. The older version was better and needs to be changed back
its vry eze nd simple to use
It takes soooooo much space
Your video player is not gud for my galaxy s4 mini .. its always stuck .. YouTube is much better than you ..
Will not download
It is so cool and you can text your friends and family I love it
Lol
Nice app.
Wow
Nice & easy to use
Since I updated, when I watch videos and sometimes it won't even make half way when a notification comes up saying something about error and couldn't finish video. Please fix ASAP. Thanks
Its OK if it would quite asking to change login password.
Love it
Facebook
One way to hock up with old friends and meet new people
So sick and tired of this never working!  There is always some type of error and its so annoying!  I don't want to see post from 8 hours ago....I always want recent stuff! Fit it! Such junk!
A little faster, but the constant layout change is annoying
Cant see my timeline now or anybody else's please fix
Good
Come on its Facebook ... is there anyone who denies this application is all-time?
This is cool Facebook
It's amazing this company has been so successful for so long and I can't even use their app to wish somebody happy birthday because it's been so broken for so many years.
No change atall
Awesome
I
There is a lot of screen freezing and i can't see my friends that i want to share a post with.... i liked it before the last update now it sucks
Ok
Not so good it is a bit slower version it takes a lot of time to open the photos and other.........i have tried 6times to download it but its not.......
I want to be able to see recent post not old ones plz fix
I can't get to my time line review.  Update is awful!
My Facebook will not refresh.. Its been stuck with the same statuses for the past 4 hours.
@supergeldrose..i cant download it!!
Halfway through reading a post it refreshes itself and brings you to the top of the feed with an entirely different set of posts (ones that were edited out by FB algorithm the first time). Oh, and the feed is COMPLETELY different from the desktop version.If you go to read an article link it no longer returns to where you left off. Too bad if you want to comment or share it. You'll spend the next 20 min looking for it in your new feed. If it freezes up (often) it goes blank and FB will need to be restarted.
When I seach my friends list .result show in shape of an error
Facebook
Smokey1#
I love facebook.and messenger.
This is like the best message app yet
Why am I seeing things from days ago, or hours ago in my timeline when I'm trying to refresh? Like where did the most recent option go?!
I hate that it takes up to 50mb on my phone, need to fix this and then I will give 5 stars

I like this one
I oove and always loved this als always will lol ttyl
itz okay
I'm on Facebook all the time. I love that I can stay connected with family members in other countries.  Also, I enjoy sending pics from my android right to my friends and checking out the news feed and  my profile. Coolness!
Cant upload some of my video and it sucks
would consider downloading again if the app didn't require every permission possible. You have no need to know half the things this app requests permission for.
In my opinion its great ,  more than great and it deserves 5 stars :*
Sales

New update sucks !!!
Lately this app is shutting down by itself, and when there is a video it lags at it and freezes. WTF facebook.
More than 84mb use in phone storage force close massage display when use app can u fix this issue
Balaji subramaniyan
kkkk
Older version would at least update. Now it just spins and won't update. Messenger has stopped updating in it too.

love me
Good and entertaining
Add " cancel notification from post" feature :)
Time waste
Very good tool to have Facebook always on hand
I like it
Love
Only 4 cause dont have an attach file in facebook app and fb messenger. I hope that it will have an attach. ty
Should be the default setting on the News Feed instead we have to hit 'More' and scroll down to most recent every single time we open this app!! So annoying!
Awesome networ

Hhhhhhj
I realy like this app...chating friends...I LOVE IT....
Loved it
It freezes on me u need to fix it
Nice
Generally have no problems with this app. Lobe to reconnect with old friends.
Been having problems ever since I installed the last update. Keeps crashing.
All these updates and still wont upload anything and it takes forever or NEVER to be on here
Ye HTC me Instal ni ho.  Raha
Love this app
Will work fine for 2 days (although the widget never updates itself) and then pooof freezes on the time line as soon as u open it and won't do anything - fixes the problem if u uninstall and reinstall but 2 days late pooof xx
Wtc
FAISAL
This app hasnt let me upload pictures to it all day long. It is really frustrating!!!
Im dat nigga
Slow as hell since update you would think the kinks and bugs would be fixed by now after all the updates smdh
This is the worst Facebook update ever please bring the old one back and I will give It 5  stars
Its kinda slow on the pictures but I like it. Thanksssssssss
pictures, messages, everything takes forever to load or not loading at all, had to delete other apps just to update, why does each update need more space for the same app? Fix or I'm completely uninstalling this app until you learn to properly fix it.
app itself crashes after watching random videos shared by friends.. kinda annoying. pls fix
Use it to keep intouch with family
Goood
Takes to long to load & update! Still takes to long wow!!!!
Love it
Very poor very slow
It keeps freezing up on me, at times it would have my Galaxy note operating in safe mode.....problems uploading photos......I don't know what happened to bring about this change. :-(
Crap crap and more crap
%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%
Most of my time is spent on social networking. FB provides a safe way to socialize. Thanks
This app is some boiii
While the app previously has worked flawlessly and well, suddenly it decided not to work at all. It won't update my feed and I cannot contact anyone as it says "waiting for network". I have tried every possible trick to fix it. Now? I cant even log onto Facebook thanks to an error.
I love my friends.. and face book made it easy to connect and share
Remove messenger add, and combine the two apps into one.
Nicely useful
Facebook, your algorithms are pish and your app is broken in so many ways. But you'll continue to ignore users and keep monetising our data. So that's all fine, isn't it?
I only enjoy this for the help that I receive in games
you guys need to stop changing what worked well, like the timeline, you don't see recent posts anymore. it's insane, only posts from 8 hours ago or a day ago. also, you can't turn off the notifications anymore AFTER you've commented on a post, so that you don't keep getting notifications every time someone comments AFTER you did. Also, if you click on a link, when you try to go back to where you left off on your news feed, it doesn't let you, takes you back to the beginning of the feed. fix all of this!!!!
Bad look
Not bad
Fix the bugs , it keeps bugging whenever u start a video .
Proud to be Bangli
It a great system

Always stopped when playing video,  better to fix it
2 months later, still cant install due to lack of space, even tho I have a memory card and I have NO other apps. Wtf fb?
Askom
The ui looks much better thanks.
Nice
Y
Keeps crashing, junk
I don't care what happened 20 hours ago, I want to know what's going on at that moment I go on Facebook. Bring back the" most recent"... this new update is garbage!!!!!
You're reading a feed, comment or post then suddenly the app refreshed and pushed it somewhere. I didn't press any. Just reading.
App has been horrible since update I'll a open app and cannot scroll at all..reinstall did not help and force closing app does not either... Please fix!
Good so nice
Best
I don't get recent updates!
CH Mohsin Ali Baghri
Its below average.......keep on crashing n all.....
Awesome app ever
It would be awesome if I could move it to my SD card
Communication and resources
Since i post status i cant see them on my wall and i cant like pictures and status etc
Horrible
Only first pictures from someone's albums are shown. Others shows up after long delay. Probably only after first pictures are downloaded. My Wi-Fi connection is stable and fast (100Mbs). There is no similar issues with other apps. I use Nexus 7(2013) tablet.
Add my facebook: Olfin Istianni
I get this error and there is no solution online and the support won't answer
But blade
I like facebook because you can conect with friends and famliy
It awesome
Facebook
New facebook update caused the app to force close every time. It has been 1 week, or more without a fix. Really?
Stay connected with frends always.........
It won't let me update and now it's slower then ever -.-
I don't like the new update Facebook.old version please
LOVE IT
The app would be OK if I had the functionality to see what I want to on my newsfeed. Not everything shows up. I like most recent posts by my friends; not what you deem to be a top story.
The most used is the MOST RECENT not the Top stories, and the last update is the slowest. Please improve your app.
Good
Good to go
Does not play videos on time line.
I can't see the comments on posts on my nexus 5 with Android L they fully transparent...
This app has gone failed im goin to uninstall it¡­¡­
I want to see the "most recent" posts every time I open FB not just when I sellect "most recent".  Why can't you make that selection stick?????????
Despite reinstalling app on my Galaxy S3, I still get "something went wrong"  error. Developers should reduce size of this app.. Too big and slow though more functions than (light) versions which do not allow sharing in groups.
It's been slow lately and kept on freezing. Had to reinstall.
vip
your awesome
Bumaijojo
Its slow in updatind the news feeds. Please solve it out
Priscilla Watson
good job
My timeline stoped usually i have to take the batery out to use the phone again this update sucks fix bcause the timeline block while staying on it
The timeline is not going in order. I do not get my news feed from today. I get it 3 days later. Uninstalled and then reinstalled and is still bad. No setting to get most recent stories in new update.
Is good for funny and congratulations posts and stuff like that great..... The bad is too much drama
suck
I love it
This app is worst for the Android 2.3. Not at all shows the news feed.
Went to an higher rate plan, insufficient space. Why?
Stupid can't log in
App freezes every time I use it. Buttons are hard to find. Nothing is grouped together. This is the worst app I have ever used!!!!!
I love facebook! I am on facebook everyday!
I find this app very helpful.  Tue problem is, i kind of accidentally deleter it. I tried redownloading but it gives me an error every  time. Please HELP. I've already cleared cashe but it's as if nothing works!
Mohammekhalee
Small problem but can we get an update for the option to watch videos in HD.. I have a Galaxy S4
This app getting worse, many problem prior this and now video wont play. Pooooor job
It's a perfect application made
Hate it have to update it within 2 days it sucks
Wonderful
Guo
So bad !!
Too slow now a days
Facebook for android
update fckin sucks ,your going down like this way
SLOWS Ma Fone down down down down dowwwwn......
Woh mehandi wale hath mujhe dikha kar royi Ab main hoon kisi aur ki, yeh mujhe bata ka royi  Pehle kehti thi ki nahi jee sakti tere bin Aaj phir se woh baat dohra kar royi  Kaise kar loon uski mohabbat pe shak yaaron Woh bhari mehfil mein mujhe gale laga kar royi.
Most sociable app.
I would give it 5 stars but it will not download it got deleted some how.
Tidak memuaskan
Constantly running in the background, lag, useless features in every update instead of actually improving the (terrible) UI... Even Twitter is better than this. Would uninstall if not for the fact that everyone still uses it for some reason. Not one star though, because the layout is fairly nice.
This app sux
I love this
The last version was better than this!!
I'm bout to uninstall... Freeze.. Stops.... And cuts off
Nice...app
Face book . Very nice . I love u face book
Nice..super
Ok jekk... :)
Now excellent work keep it up
very very good app becbook
I love uuuuu
99% of the world and things in it are all here.
its good
Fixed previous problem...still don't care for the new UI.
The fb smileys when you post a reply to a comment
I Do Love My Facebook So Much That I Have A Hold Lot Of Women On AYI Facebook Of 54 People On It I Do Not Know What To Do With.....
Live without it!! Awesome app. And ive no idea what you lot are on about. Yeah its kinda slow yeah it takes a bit more time than it used to but so what?? I understand if you have business to run or whatever but if you have time to spare then why care if it takes abit more than usual :p sorry for ranting but yeah you get my point
Ashrofarkani
Can't play video plz fix it thank u but the update is good
:'(
Runs very slow on S4 Mini.

wont even open anymore
Cant send any facebook pictures and always crashes after this update
Perfect
Liked it better before last update!
seriously, don't do it
G.k.rita
Great app most known app and helps communication
DEVRMA glory
1 dam bakwaaas
OK
cool <3
Pakistan zindabad
Update sucks. My news feed freezes all the time. Won't scroll and takes forever to load sometimes when I have 4glte
I'm on LTE and after the update fb is slow as hell and pictures and movies don't load like they are supposed to. How hard is it to get a social media app correct? You've had years to do it. I see why Twitter is dominating fb
Worse app.eating space upto 130 mb.sucking
It facebook ok?  Good social app..
Cannot receive notifications nor post anything as of today!! Horrible update!! Stop!!
Notification is not perfect and many things not perfect
I guess
Loved it very much
It's nice because you can add pictures without having to sign into the internet every time. The problem I have is that its very slow and causes my phone to be slow also.
Love it
Coo.
Come on facebook! Why cant u remove pictures when u posted?
Por el browser entro enseguida, y aunque se vea feo prefiero eso a esperar 3 dias a q la aplicacion cargue, si es q siquiera lo intenta
This update is sucks. I can't even watch most recent stories
Its. Cool until it logs me. Off of it
Luv it
Omg this sucks. Why did you change the app?? It keeps freezing mid scroll. Also will automatically start me over after i have gotten pretty far in my feed. Its slow! I have 4g its still slow. Its ugly too. Hate this new update! The freezing is the absolute most annoying ever! Fix or Im uninstalling!!!
My Facebook
Nice
Why i cant share any post only with someone? I wanna send it to just one of my friend but i cant...
It will not update the news feed, it keeps saying Error. I have been looking at the same posts all day, please fix!!
great
It is just like the facebook on line on the internet so there really is no difference I never use the computer for facebook anymore because it is almost better than the computer on this app I think that you should get it because out is great
Ilirya Albania
Awsome
It is so much you can do
J
Its gooooood ;-)
Not able to login
Koki
So disappointed with this app for android. I saw my friends post after 6, 10 hours and even days later. Please fix that.
Its bad, i want back version of facebook, its doesnot work properly...
Slow with tons of error messages ...just awful!#byFelicia
Won't let me upload any pics unless I'm connected to wifi and I have a 4g phone never had pblm with uploading pics  until the update now I can't and can't comment on posts or make posts unless connected to Wifi because it takes hours just to post fix the app this is ridiculous!!
Thanks
I can't reply to comments, I am seeing the same people over and over...not ALL my friends! It's so slow! My timeline isn't showing all of the posts!! Please fix this!
All descriptions in one word... BAD it's so bad, really bad
It has its up and downs right now its stupid cuz it wont send a fb message I HATE IT AT THE MOMENT
And lately it want load anything, I have 4g LTE / WiFi connectivity and it still want update correct. I've tried resetting my phone. Let's see if reinstalling the app helps
They Keep Robbing Me For My Space
It won't let me send friend requests, and keeps freezing. Worked fine before I updated!
Been recently been getting done performance issues on my nexus 5 running art run time
The last update keep signing me out every now and then.
Eh
It's awesome for browsing facebook
Like Facebook easy way to keep in touch with your friends and to post really cool stuff you see
I love it
I love Facebook but there are some minor inferences with app settings.
Fb sucks

Can't update to new stories. Notifications need to be manually refreshed. Need to force close before it will refresh or load anything. absolute shite! Do not download! Once again Facebook has no idea what people want
Review by taju88 me
Thanks Facebook for adding a Stop Notifications option to some statuses! This app is becoming very complete.
With the last update,  I lost the ability to tag the pictures as you load them. It goes to a blank white screen. Can still tag after pictures are loaded. Please fix.
I can't download the app..i get a "-24" error...
good
The update sucks. It dont update right.
This app is nice bt my huawei y300 screen does not cover it writing is not fully view on right side why this problem occured plz suggest me how to solve this problem
"error in saving photo"--- dis statment irritates alot...
Still sucks.  Exactly what the other users said.  It's horrible now.
What is the point in updating if it causes everything to stop working!

Kinda of like it
so many bugs ! so slowwww... errorrs fails and mostly - nerveeees
U
but mesage are did not give.and conect with massanger it too time spain
This app is pathetic,unable to view videos and posts,always hv to use laptop to do so...hope i could gve it NO star
Twitter is so much better than the facebook
Not excellent
Uses too much data
Freezes frequently, doesn't always download images. It has gotten much worse after the last updates. Unfortunately, having to look for an alternative app since this official FB app is so bad.
R
FUBAR!!!
Kk I ordered o33okkkkekkeee
Good
Its great
Awesome
Network
To slow
Just updated the app because I couldn't watch some videos... well, now I can't even watch videos that I WAS able to watch BEFORE I updated the app (which was only 2 minutes ago). This seems to affect videos uploaded directly to fb only. Youtube linked videos work fine. Pls fix this!!
Stupid program
Are you kidding me with this update. It sucks worst thing ever it f doesn't work it made facebook stop working
When I try to watch videos it saying it can't show me the video or stops when I'm watching a video! Very annoying!
Guys, please stop doing the design for a moment and work on the performance. Please. This just kills the CPU!
I am using a Sony xperia z2 and it keeps on freezing every time I am watching a video on Facebook.. Please fix this... It's so annoying
Very fast updates
Oi! STUCKERBURG!  sort this crap out.
I don't like it every time that i get message i get it 5 minutes later or it takes more time in getting it -.- :|
The older version was better.    After i updated it it became very slow.
Love this !
The latest 'update' has caused nothing but problems. Keeps crashing, not updating and now have to request the most recent posts? Wtf I don't care 6days later if someone cleaned there bloody house I want to see what's actually just been posted not the same posts for days at a time. Absolutely rubbish worst update ever.
I like it
So easy to access instead of going on safarii or internet
Downloading app right now since I switched phones .
Very nice
Samsung galaxy tab
I like it
Thanks
Can't open. Downloading 22.33mb and still so after 30 minutes..... really Facebook can't be worse....
There's bad bug on Facebook
Amazing
Slowest app i hv evr used....
Best and easy
Was working fine until the update now it just force closes all the time. :(
Tf is up with not even being able to open the forsaken app anymore? Aren't updates for improval? Used to be about four stars but with the ammount of frustration I am going through right now I wish I could give it negatives
It doesn't have the faces like on I phone please put them please
I love face book it's best social networking
(Y)
This is so glitchy now. Constant freezes, reopens upon me closing. Fix it now
Ummmah
The app chashes ever since I put the updates on  and I am getting sick of it
Very week
I am fedup with all the apps of fb allover pc is the best for fb
I get more "not responding" error messages than i do post or updates. I spend more time sending error reports than i do actually on fb anymore
It crashes ALL the time. I can't be on for more than a minute or two before it force closes. I have an LG optimus elite.
I wish to make a complaint why have you changed the status back what has happened to being able to share on another persons timeline or group disgusted I am well cheesed off :(
Love it
After nearly every update, the app performs slower and slower, NO WONDER FACEBOOK IS LOOSING CUSTOMERS, AND THEIR SHARE PRICE IS FALLING, AND THEIR SHARE HOLDERS ARE SUING! This app is so slow, A man grows old waiting for it to load, refresh, everything about this is so slow, one would be better of sending a letter in the mail.  I want to know how it even got a  Three and a half rating. For being the leader in instant messaging, posting photos etc. This is just an absolute laugh, and total insult.
This latest facebook update is terrible.  Ever since it updated it does not allow you to use wifi anymore.  Its even doing it to my husbands phone.  All my other apps are still working with wifi just facebook isnt.
It's an awesome app
Great
Good
La Morena
I like face book
Very very nice facebook app

Amazing,exiting,incredible,outstanding,unbelievable,beautifuls.
Facebook developed a new obsession: they have an urge to show me in the News Feed only what they see fit. Well, buzz off! I want to see THE MOST RECENT STATUS UPDATES. This latest update does not load the most recent stories anymore.
Needs improvement
FB app no longer works for Samsung galaxy S3
I've had to uninstall and reinstall this on my phone as it keeps crashing. Getting a bit sick of it now
Loads slow, freezes, force closes and randomly goes to top of feed, losing my spot.
everything are getting slow in this app. pls fix it a soon as possible.
My Facebook app has been really slow last couple days please update:)
Awesome
nice
I like this app
Facebook
Bangladesh
Apps in world
Fantastic
You need to leave it alone it was not broken so why did you try and fix it? Time line out of sync first post 1 min ago next one 3 f**king days ago. Sort it out you morons
Fuk!! How can I undo the update!!
:(
Weak
Didn't Download Video's
Now on my Motorola maxx it crashes every time I try to open it. Please fix!
This app has horrific laggggg since the latest update. On the brink of uninstalling!!!
There is the NSA and all that.
Would you leave it alone, now since last update I can't post any photos
It got hanged..its large file
This version not good..
It is very good
Ngugi
Woow
I love Facebook the most..... Thank u
I think you guys should stop focusing on making this app ''better'' and focus on just making it simple!
Navigation is a total pain. Algorithms for news feed is a total pain. I don't want to see 3 updates from the same person and also from 3 days ago.
Another failed "update".
Lol
we cant share anything to someone we want to see the stuff we share. cant change who can see to CUSTOM and can add someone in the option of custom. plz update
Not a great difference¡­ certainly not faster¡­  keep switchin itself off in middle of a post/comment :-( POOR  ! *
Loving, so connected to my world.
I have deleted FB because it was giving me trouble not I can not download it. It's says there is a unknown error. Now it downloaded but can't post a status.
WILL NOT UPDATE NEWS FEED. JUNK
Doesn't let me watch videos constantly freezes!
Sharif khan
good
Could use a simpler interface and more desktop options.  There's no reason the mobile version can't do everything the desktop version can.
Takes up a lot of memory
Amazing
I dont like this app :/ .. I am more intrested in my friends update instead of new feeds .. But all i can see is all creepy news everywhere ..
Dont like this new update ...if possible please give me the option to reinstall the old version ..
Xdd4reede
Goooooood
Worst update before update better than now
Updated and now it just force closes and crashes non stop......DROID x2. Worked fine until the update
Ok
Ruttsyed
I dunno if this is because of the new update but my timeline or news feed is not loading anything. Please do something about it ASAP
Umm
keeps getting better.
Tilak
John
Good
Has a lot of bugs
Seriously?!
Syg  ku pda mu xprnah pudar
Awesome

Its good
After this stupid update I can't search any page nd it keeps on telling me to Force close it. Poorest updates!
Nice
Its ok it just needs some speed to the internet
Tulio Good app
I uninstalled this once, it was having a field day interfering with all my apps. and it kept cutting off, my phone slowed. I'm gonna try again. I love Facebook , but I can't keep up with needing to buy a new phone every year.
FB ON GALAXY
Addicted
Wonderful !
Nice making a all friends
New update sucks.
Kinda glitchy and slow.
it's DoubleTripleQuadraple Awesome !!
Why is this app slow as heck? Update sucks and you should work 10x harder to make an app that is useful to the users. I've been using the web because this app doesn't show me anything, slow, and doesn't work well.
Would love another option to manage additonal accounts on the facebook app and also the same in messenger as well and to be able to receive notifications from both accounts from messenger and the fb app. Hoping for this
Good
Its the best update facebook ever had... M really impressed
B-)
Gud app
I'll be here
The app no longer works on my phone & hasn't for the past week since I updated it. What is going on here? It used to be so smooth & just fine... Now it's a constant error message.
Why do u need space to use it my phone does not have a lot of space fix an u can have 5*
Have to uninstall every couple days and re install to load pictures and videos. Not showing current content.
Thanks Facebook for adding a Stop Notifications option to every status! This app is becoming very complete.
Watch out 4 the FB & FB messenger ".com" fixing HACK SCAM. Customer service did nothing to help issue or its spread across FB. Fix customer service issues when logged off FB & I'll rate higher ;-)
Love it.
Unforethently fb has been stopped ...sucks
I like it
Why every third day a new update..??
We also want Most Recent on the main news feed back!
Lovv it
This version is much better, finally. Thank you!
Love to use this
Keeps hanging it's too slow when downloading doesn't show updates immediately they are posted shows updates for the previous day it's not really helping me at all because i can't communicate with friends something needs to be done,always asking for update am not impressed by all this hope there will be changes soon
Very nice
Arhsad bihari 143@.come
Crap!!!!!! Worst update ever. Won't load n wen it finally does it freezes n won't update feeds
Update..fb
Very nice
Yes
Facebook app is bs
Great!
Great
Loved it
Slow & underperformer.
First off, automatically loading videos are just like gif pictures except longer, so killing my data plan. Not everyone has unlimited data. Second off, I see the same people's posts and posts that are hours late, not the most recent. This update is absolutely terrible. Uninstalled!
I cant even update a picture on my timeline! Useless!
thank you all fb friend
Nice
Ummm.......really good
Doesnt shows if someone had replied to your comment on pages...
Tiresome. Works sometimes but takes an age to update. Only way to get it sometimes is switching to GSM only which can't be right. Needs fixing as the longer it goes on the more people will break the habit of dipping in and out during the day.
Management
Very nice
Its good place to share thoughts
Having post from 2 days ago what the hell!?
Takes soo much time to lode contains
19 mb ka chutiyapa. Taking hell of time to install
Not bad.  But not great either.
Mohammed
i love this app
Sooo nice
Super
Anil gupta
it wasn't as good as I thought it would be
Why I can't update my privacy of photo album? When I upload some pics to my any photo album, I can't change privacy of my photos. Disgusting.
Update sucks. V slow
Very nice
The layout of the app is fine, everything is easy enough to navigate and the interface can be user friendly. But the biggest let down of this app by far occurs when having visited another app, you return to facebook but the post you was reading before switching app has disappeared and all of a sudden you find yourself at the top of your timeline. It is then a pain trying to find the post again to view the comments etc. This is especially annoying when viewing an uploaded link.
I love it
Love my family
Well I need speed and frankly I am stuck sitting on a  tortoise. App is very, very slooow.
five stars
Y'all
Social Networking, this app is slightly faster than the web based version,  so it's OK, Right?
Crashing crashing just crashing :( Plus previous versions were more stable like after browsing if I switch to other app and come back later, my browsing remains intact but in new version, 80% of times app reloads from scratch. I have to go through all again which is very frustrating. And now updating its crashing everywhere.....  :(
Facebook is always slow.
Takes to much space and runs slow u can do better
Great
Its good
Haven't ever really had a problem with Facebook, until now! The past couple of days it will show that I have pending things on my timeline but when I go in to approve them it says trouble loading tap to try again!!!?!? Its been like this for 3 days now. I've tried logging out and even re downloaded it. Nothing works. Please fix ASAP. Thanks.
I want to uninstall this app and get my old facebook back! This verision is ugly, super slow and just realy f-ing annoying! I HATE IT PLEASE CHANGE IT BACK!!!
Fix one thing mess up another.  Pics don't load and i have no audio and any media that's posted
I can see wen there's stuff going on wif the newsfeed like yea its cool
Awesome update, .
M getting prbms  in my facebook...its autometically close when m using....why?
Yes
Thanks
Cvcvvvvvvvvv
Khan sonu
One
Fb
Me gusta mucho
Best app
It would be way better if my news feed was in order. Also the videos are very slow, and I've seen this various times for different phones.
But drain battery
Great user interface!
i am wondering why... ? Really bad application, i'm missing a lot of updates from my friends :( Better to use an internet browser!
Verst update!
Excellent app ;)
Nice
please fix: how to check total friends on facebook.
Zoya
I love you.
Great

What is going on? FB tells me my account is undergoing maintenance and then all of a sudden I have NO friends. All my friends gone! My news feed is just full ads. I'm so frustrated and upset. Please fix this FB!
IPhone app was far superior. The Android app doesn't work 50% of the time. Freezes up in events and doesn't allow me to see comments. Won't let me click on my notifications... The list is endless. I hate it.
It fill like dere is no limitations wen using dis application
Rubbish
Good
Woww cool
Before update it is running absolutely fine..but after updating its starta sticking.. hanging alot....what the use of this update?
Im on top of the world hey!
Its an awesome way to keep in touch!!!
A very great app
It's easy to know all of  country's news!!!!
Always crashing very slow bring the old verison back

Works fine now, with upgraded version
Down loaded latest version of fb on android, and I have to like a link 6/7 times before it will register. Not impressed, fix it.
VERY SLOW
Awesome
Gud
Update
Pictures and videos not loading. Newsfeed always shows from yesterday. I can't even know what's happen to my friends update. :-(
Gay
Jk..
I love friends I like
Hay
I love it
Grt
Not feel like desktop
Tooooo Best
Love fb
Well finally I can access my custom lists without crashing good job guys.... But still waiting for photo comments for fb app
Kajang
Why the hell does it show me 'online from web' when I'm using it via mobile?? Neither it shows last online via mobile..
Good
Super
Excellent
Owsome app ;)
Its awesome but the stupid tricks
awesome app
Facebook worke Nageshii
Z  vbg
this new version is superb ....
Messenger suck !
Social Neyworking
I don't like that they can access your microphone at anytime without your permission...I deleted the app and won't get it back until they can't access my phone without permission....who needs access to your microphone????? This is ridiculous!!!!!!
i love this fb app its cool an easy to use dont let no one tell you different
Its not working as fast as expectd.. even the videos are not wrking properly..
Hate the new look
Loved it
Face
Don't update. For it to be a app that everyone uses it sucks. Don't load any faster and it takes forever to play a video. Fix and I might give  2 stars. It depends on if you fix it or not.
Every time you update, it mess up my whole phone. Whats the point of updates if you don't even update! You just add more extra bites on when you update the tiniest things like the like button, seeing a video I didn't want to see, and A LOT more things. Your lucky I gave A star.
Updates r useless..fb is nt responding ???
Turn off notification in tag post does not work. Fix it!
But some times I got problem on loading pls fix it
Dee
good for all
Sure
Great app
After many years i can findmyfriends
Always stuck
too slow
I cant even see my news feed it always says error unknown foreal I cant see my friend requests and my notifications wont even load ive uninstalded it and reinstalled it and it doesnt help at all its really getting on my last nerve
Its a good app only rating it as a 3 star because I used to be able to store facebook on my sd card but now it wont please sort this out where everyone has the option to store on sd card not on phone memory please I have a galaxy s3 if this is sorted out i will rate it at 5 stars
Ghule
Pathetic when the official app is poor compared to third party apps
Suck ball
Badly
Needs move to SD card option most importantly.  Also sharing posts through private messages option would be great. The regular mobile app has it but not the Android app.
Thank so much
Rgsg
Very nice
This last update pretty much screwed up the fb experience on phone. It is so slow that even the tiny pictures of the lists with people who are in a certain group loads more then a bloody tiny picture should! I am sorry, but how can you take something good and make it better with making it much, much worse?!  If you read this before approving the update - don't do it!
Yurchk
It really needs improvement on running slow it just needs to go faster then it would be better
keeps crashing for the past couple of days. Facebook seems to have stop working.... wont be using it until an update comes along.
It's ok
save ghaza for GOD sake. they are normal people like us. nobody have a right to kill anyone.
J987654321
Love
Sucks
You have millions, and I mean MILLIONS of people complaining that the app is slow, unresponsive and just plan horrible. You change your news feeds to the one that nobody likes, you give the app access to all of our data, you secretly take said data and upload them. You think we are stupid, and we don't notice, but we all know what you're doing and it's just sickening. I watch what you upload when Facebook is running in the background, and you don't need to upload or SMS, pictures, calls, passwords. Fix it
Pretty good app
I fogot my pasaword now i cant log in facebook
I'm very frustrated that it keeps saying, "error loading news feed"! I thought it was my phone but I just got a new one. Are they working to fix this?
A very large app, consuming a lot of space in my phone.. n makes my phone to operate slow.. Notifications are also not on time..
I hate that I get spam private messages! Love the rest of it!
No longer plays ANY videos. Worked until last two updates now nothing. Getting tired of Facebook not working right!!!
Videos sucks to slow...
Works great.
Best
NO ADD REPLY COMMENT AND SOMETIMES HANG..IMPROVE SUCKS
Excellent
Its always saying force close
Good1
Facebook is the best really, no other way to say it!
New update has slowed my phone down. Barely responsive. Hate it. LG My touch 4G
Kter be5ze
I love Facebook
My timeline get hanged and turns off the app.. its from last week i have uninstall and re install app.but it doesnt work.. still hanging.
All yall that are saying it sucks shure u aint talking bout yourself
I have no word's....
I like the way my photos upload very fast. Im also able to chat more easily and conveniently. Thanx i love the application.
Great
i hate this app so slow fix it suckers!!
Gots better over the years
It dosent do anything all it does is watch videos and talk and look at stupid photo's
Get it together fb starting to really not like fb anymore
best
Not a good mobile app for GS3
is horrible. Laggy, lockups, screen freezes, etc.
Not capable of playing videos :@ :@ :@
Great
04051980
Excellent

Sari anteng
It Works Great yes it closes once in awhile but you have to expect it because a lot of people are on it So I give It five Stars
Ok
Super
Om sai
Very good nice
I get to chat to all of my friends and keep up to date with everything but since the last update I can't look at my friends posts. And it needs internet even though it says it doesnt.                                                          update:                                         I can now see friends posts.
Good . Keep in touch with familly and friends share photos etc
Good
Samsung galaxy S5
the best

Just ok
Can u do this? So we can understand which comments are replied
I'm loving it
Its good but some times it's too slows
I hate it
for the past few days it hasn't been working.
Never had a problem with this till I did this update and now It just boots me off every time I go on it freezes or kicks me off.
It just keep on not responding..wtf...just not worth the time or money
Videos are not playing.....after play a video app is stoped working....  :/
This is bs
Fayo
It was a grt app earlier but since i hav updated it..it's among the worst one's ..it takes a way lot of time to update newsfeeds and notifications..which is very irritating ..... please fix the bug and then i would surely rate it 5 star.
Constantly comes up with unknown error when playing video... Tried everything (cache, reinstall etc...)
Better
Good but bad
Beautifull
Welcome to my Facebook for all
I like it its nice.
Mamang
Never works any more don't fix what ant broke
masood tunio
Samrat
I updated and now it bariely runs feels like dial up
Awesome
Divekar
it's the best ever.!
:)
Only use for messaging and forum use. Works efficiently - though deleting things you don't want doesn't work.
Good
Very nice app. But no birthday notification. Plz, give an option to copy.
Never had any problems .. Seems great! Better than trying to use online version
I like this app
Working good
My favorite site
Not saving the photo from news feed.....seems error saving the photo and am going to uninstall this basted spam
I will ONLY use this app when I'm out of Wi-Fi range. I'm getting sick of the constant updates that's making it worse. This crap app is running at 91mb and a few days ago 151!!! Are you freaking kidding me? Fb stop being a bunch of tards and fix this junk god!!!
I Love facebook its the best! :-P
When I open  any video on this app it automatically switching of to home Page in micromax canvas turbo a250.Please fix this problem immediately.
how do I get de pictures from dis app
Stops , crushes and no response severally
This is awsome
Not good.... but not very bad...its okkkk
The new Facebook update sucks!! It just doesn't load any page or show comments. Also keeps on foreclose! It is annoying..... just kidding :p
An good App
Nice
Love it
Worst app ever. It crashes frequently. You have to login again &again.
This has been the worse update ever ... the app keep crashing everytime i try to go down the page ... right now i just hate how sorry this update is ..
It is very slow in my phone.
Update sucks..!! Timeline not updating with latest info.
Facebook
Facebook latest update is freezing up. Please fix it.
Its a nice app but still seeking for notification update. And can't comment through the icon picks. So I am reducing the star.
Since the last update doesn't load comments and timeline correctly
Its the best
Thanks
Alot
I really really love this app!!!
Aca les dejo mi opinion muy bueno este programna dale
Force close 20-30 times a day...
App is great on the whole but I can't play videos, they cut out saying there's an error if I'm on wifi and won't play at all if I'm just on 3g. Would be a 5 star app otherwise, please fix!
its fun.get to text to friends that i know and when i cant go see them i can text them in facebook insted and call them to.
... But I'm not really invested in the Facebook ecosystem. It is acceptably responsive though.
I've a Samsung S5 , the good of fb is obvious for the app the bad are the constant updates that don't improve things but make them worse, the fact it now shows me things people posted the day before and not their most recent posts and also had modelling pics that weren't removed then the same girl reported them again and 1 was removed. No where to state my side of the case when pics are reported as there was before... they don't violate any community standards yet ones that do (not of mine) get left up.
Superb
Supper
Good enough
FACEBOOK IS AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
it keeps showing posts from two weeks ago and I can't change to most recent posts
Works
Always be non-responding after updating.
Complete crap videos take way too long to load and when they do they keep buffering every 3-4 seconds sh#tbook you need to sort yourself out amd change it back to when it really worked
Raapchhicckk app
bad Very slow and Use big space very slow and many other thing.......:(
Yes...
These fb updates suck

Superb communication
App
Awsome
So yeah lol
facbook
Facebook is the best thing to connect with family all across the world!!
Ki loved it
its nice to chat
Very slow for downloading it takes more time even a full day to be updated Third class app               FUCK IT
App freezes up.
I luv it
fb
Keep crash n slow to start up..so mess..
Hm nawab h nawabi hmare khun me h
My timline eror eror eror
All round good update fixed the black screen problems and search problems I was having.
Can't Update It .. I Can't Even play a voice message :\
Happy
Sweet
Balveermeena10
Bugs but it's ok.
love it
I love cats
Good.
O562885213
Rye
Good app
Cool
I have to completely end all programs on my phone and even then this app rarely will reload and update my news feed.
This version is totally rubbish. Why am I seeing nothing but ads and videos and all from 3 hours - 3 days ago. I see no actual status updates and I cannot see "most recent" posts. Change it, change it quickly
Ok so I've never had this problem before, upon installation an error message is displayed saying: facebook can not start please uninstall and reinstall the app. My device is Rooted LG Optimus V with a Qualcomm v6 overclocked to 800mhz and 450 megabytes of RAM.. please fix this issue as I'm forced to use thestandard browser to access facebook. I've never had this problem before. My Android O.S version is 2.2.3 FROYO I believe.     COME ON FACEBOOK ANDROID DEVELOPERS YOU CAN DO BETTER THAN THIS!!
Stuck frozen!
I Don't like the new Facebook app because i dnt lke hw it changing... It Has Errors Everywhere And Its Very Slow
Shame on Facebook that they are not able to come with one properly working android application
Every time I want to see most recent posts I need more "clicks" than I needed command lines to open an exe in DOS! Come on! Is this an update or downgrade?
Thanks
I need to give Dislikes...,! Just moved to google plus... its very better....
Slow
Love it
Ever since I updated this app my phone freezes up & says memory full. I've had to delete all but 2 apps now & memory is STILL FULL?!!!
Its cool
All I get when I try to use it is the blue screen that says "just a moment". After 10 minutes I had to restart my phone. Didn't have that problem until the last update.
Its very very useful...
Loveya
Please me i dowload this app i well give 5 starr
This app is useless, you would fig the developers would get it right after all the 1 stars geeeoh
Too slow, takes lots of time to see a pic, download error occuring several times. I would have given MINUS RATING if it was possible. If problems still persists for next one week i wl uninstall.
I like very mutch
Its crap keeps crashing and does not shoe me recently added stuff from all my friends please fix the old one was much better absolutely crap
Bad Update.
Wena nathnam
I'm just giving it one star for poops and gigles
Bak
Nagarajdj
Mark should use it once
Helpse keep in contact with my very much missed friends and family in other states.
What happened? FB now keeps stopping on Samsung Galaxy S5 so I have to lower my rating. I hope you can fix the problem soon... Fast on Samsung Note 8, no problem. Helps me keep in touch and share with friends and relatives across time and distance without limiting the message that I want to send.
Still cool
doesn't work to good on Androids, keeps kicking me out and freezing
how can I able to use this free call. it won't work
cute
Awesome
San to chuhan
So bad apps
Love it
I love facebook not one problem
Good like it super
Awessssssssome ness ki had hot I hain
Great app
I don't have to gove 5
Gotta Love Facebook! !
Sometimes when I came from others apps to this apps, it doesn't stay in same position where I leave this apps to others app. I don't know either this is app problem or my phone problem.
My old and new friends and me always connected with Facebook. Thanks a lot....
Good
It is exellent very good
For the love of Pete fix the refresh issues it wont update!!!!!!
It jams and takes long to view ur likes nd news feed bad choice!
Rocks
Good good good good good
SAMY
Very Nice
Love this
Can't upload my pics anymore with out it crashing
Game bajao
Good

Freak
My husband and I had seperate accounts but decided to make one of them an account for both of us. I put everything on one, then sign into the other one and try to deactivate it and it deactivates the one Im not even signed into and wont let me deactivte the one we want deleted. WTF??
4
Awesome performance
It use very easily. And it is very simple to use chat with friends
Protect
Cool. Great way to stay connected.
Very nice
Slowed my phone right down. Why do I need to see video pre-play? Takes up too much memory.
Cooooool app
Amazing app good on any device
pls add Verify page option

Nice app
Best
Was working perfectly fine til the upgrade. Now when I try to post multiple pics to any page the app glitches and either shuts down or won't load the new pics from the selection. This is VERY annoying. Please fix or I will delete and just stick with using the mobile or website version.  Using a brand new galaxy s4, so there should be zero issues
Best
Facebook is STILL spamming with notifications I do. not. want. And there's no settings to turn them off other than disabling the notifications altogether or uninstalling the app. Facebook, I don't want you to pop up a notification asking me if I know some random person halfway across the world.
Nice
All of my timeline video can't play, pls fix it
Please download it for increasing no of garbage in your phone
Great
works well on my XOLO Q500, but it still slow and uses much RAM. And misbehaves alot. Please do something about it
Soni
Like me?
Woh
I don't care about Top Stories, I care about the most recent ones. Also on my Xperia Z, videos "stop working for an unknown reason." Seriously!?  Are you even trying to find the bugs!?
Since new update dont get any new newsfeeds n it just keeps throwin me off annoying
Speed
the app is good.but i'm not getting any notification. please fix it soon. i'm using a galaxy y young
I love this aap bicause it's my first face book update
Worst  I ever seen in my life
Its not even the updates that I care about . every time I go to chat with someone it says I have no friends online like wtf . then when I go to tag my friends in statuses, it only shows the last person I messaged on Facebook . in my news feed, it keeps showing old stuff that people have posted . its annoying . y'all need to get y'all's act together & stop playing around . cause eventually people are gonna stop using this app cause y'all won't fix the problems . its just childish .
Its very simple and its very fast app
Magistrate
None
Better options
Pakistan
Super
And fast.
I really hate that this App because it demands so much access to your phone & personal information. I don't think it's necessary & it's an invasion of privacy!
Facebook

very nice
hi nice please downloading thanks
It keeps on going back to home screen everytime someone sends me a message. Fix it.
There is no problem with this app, the problem is your phone
Awesome
The app is always failing, I can't read a message w out my feed going all the way back to the top, I don't see all the posts f my friends, it only shows me what it thinks I want to see.
Keeps notifying me that "facebook comment failed" so when I retried, it just doubled my comment! And still it says it failed.
Great way to stay in touch. I just would like to see all of my comments get posted,  now only about 40% of them are making it on here and that's a shame!
Song
Feed stopped updating
Love it lollollol
Always a problem loading news feed.
Too slow when i sign in
I love Facebook but it is too expensive
Go
I love Facebook
Average
Cant send pictures anymore with my post on an article!!! And i very well knew that when facebook updates, its not for good, but the opposite...

It's a good place to talk to your family and friends (:
Too much errors
nice
manojgajjar
Hi developers , thank you for your efforts and making this app the worst app ever. . . Y dont bring back the older version? Thats way better. .
You have lost your mind with these new permissions. And now tracking what I'm watching on my phone.  I'm fine with you facebook
It is really good but I can't see how many friendz do I have through this app
I can't see most recent post there used to be a way to do it now there is not an option please fix. Then I will change my rating. Its getting annoying seeing the same things.

jagga Dhillon
NO DESCRIPTION NEEDED.. Sucks..
Facebook app can't downloading
Srinuvasan.ramanujam
BUGS IT LOADS LOADS LOADS slow

I love it
Its always saying force close
Update  dont works
Video not playing
Cool
The working of the app and all is fine but very slow in loading plus it lags my phone a lot due to the huge storage space.
Asal x leh
Awesome
Very useful while travelling but has lot of bugs. The new update has been great but I still want keep it up and make it better and more user- friendly.
It wants full unrestricted access to all your information
love it....
There is no new notice for people who reply your feed fix it & 5star
Nice one
Its buggy.. lots of bugs .. most irritating part is News Feed. Shows old posts not recent ones. Apart from that several bugs .. New look sucks ..
Average
This app is getting more confusing by the day. Facebook started off ok now just getting worse. I I hate the new update.
FB keeps crashing on me and it's update sucks it won't even show me the recent posts and the updates. . I mean seriously!
Cmon guyzz
good
Use it daily
Good one
Worst app I have ever used
its jaz dat simply i liked it..
Very good
Amazing app to stay in touch.
Ever since I updated yesterday Facebook is super slow and videos are not playing and pictures are taking forever to open.. it sucks!!
It won't let me upload pictures. I have an HTC One V.
Can you make it better for kyocera phones like android os 4.0.4
It's completely lagging. I can't even type anything in, or scroll. the very first letter. I pushed stays lite up.
at first when i updated the app was pretty awesome and fast is getting slower and freezes alot please fix it
Keeps freezing and crashing STILL
Can we get this fixed please. I've been waiting all morning and my internet signal is excellent. Not liking this new update for facebook.
Hey y don't u show the activity log with msg or inbox or last msg to whom it was done...?
Sucks my keyboard keeps disappearing... This is ridiculous
Gopalsingh
This is a faster...
I  have facebook
Im having problems wen i play videos on fb with my  new sony xperia2. My friend has the same phone toon he encountered the same too. Whats the issue?
IT KEEP CLOSING WTF
So nice thank you...
Owner
Samsung Tab 4
Add photo comment option
Nice
Lovely
hai
Facebook
Nice
Its the best
Terbaikkkkk
I didnt recieve notifications regarding pending posts abt an important meeting and lost my job bcz of it....works faster than before but can't be trusted....
This is the worst app it glitches never loads when you want it to I can't see my own posts this app sucks and Facebook sucks
Y
This app sucks now! I get one it and then it tells me force close!!! FIX IT!!!
I Have To Be Smarter,
Great app i liked it bt if there any improvement we can copy the text from newsfeed in app !!
I hate the latest update! My news feed is all over the place time wise and I can't comment on threads from my phone anymore, the keyboard won't stay up to type on!!
It i so good
Fun
Abhijeet
Reduce memory size
WASEEMAHMAD
slow and cannot mention someone esp in groups unless they're already my friends.
I love this app I  would not get red of it
Random crashing
Thanks,
My posts are not getting updated after they are posted. They disappear after some time.
Not able to save & share photos instantly, and always show the same news feed...
more fun more love
Good
Good
it is very good channel to communicate other
Mim.
I used to be able to share post from new feed to specific friend(s) by click 'share', then 'to' option box, when click it shows 'custom' option which i like coz not all friends in same group like the same thing! Now that 'custom' option is gone after update fb on my tablet. i could not find it :( if anyone knows how to share with specific person please help
Yes, but music singer my life
Nice app
Ilove it
Loveli
Best
Best
May have a few problems though
UPDATE 7/15: I've noticed recently I can't tag people I'm the same group pages as me unless on their friend. This is very annoying as I have to switch to mobile version choose browser. Can you please add that feature back to the app, it was working great before that. Thanks!   Having some issues with mentioning people. Some I cannot mention I'm a group page unless I'm on mobile version. App still works for me and is stable. But mentioning problem is bringing down the rating. The old version was much better
Video 
Good
I love the game I can not connect with my friends on subwaysurfer can u help me out this is my account and this is my phone janet williams this is not Lilgbabyfrmvegas account or phone that is my grand son so take him of my account I can not play my games on my phone he took his name off but it keep coming back up please help janet williams I put my password in and its different every time
Always crashing now when this never happened before.
I hate this app soo much this is da slowest fb app i ever known
Using this app has made me wish G+ was more popular.  Going to Facebook's website is faster than this piece of dreck.
Ngon
Good app
yeah...!
I am having a really hard time uploading pics. Really frustrating!
I uvvvv it great
Share not available
Want new version
Worst app on my phone! Closes even before Facebook loads!
All the videos are lagged! No refreshing on the timeline until I do it manually. They really need to improve.
ASP
Its not great and theres lots of notifications from people poking you and people liking pics so annoying
Sip
Good ha fjords dt ihdjbjd huh Hj Hj sag hub Bjorn hd s u uh
Joined
Hang
Did the recent upgrade pictures don't load timeline doesn't update and Facebook keeps freezing it's very annoying poor upgrading that's for sure
Chat,post and see what's going on around you is only three ways of enjoying Facebook and it is my first time to use it. Hope it's good!!!
Ever since the new update, I've been finding myself uninstalling and reinstalling the app over and over again to stop the crashing, and I always see the same fee people on my news feed and rarely anyone else!
:)
I love it
kasi berat phone ak
wtf = what the f...  and wtf = welcom to Facebook
Since the last update FB  will not open. If it does open I get kicked out. Stop fixing things that aren't broken Google.   FB is for finding people you already know and if you don't know everyone in the world how can FB penalize anyone from sending friends request.
Liked it after the update
Update sucks
I love it works great
Nlc
Best Application !! <3<3
Love r
E
Worst update ever!! Lag time, app freezes up and I have to exit out. Why update if it's not going to be better?? Wish I could reverse it.
Nice app ... Can't  leave this fb
Face book is very very dinger book and this west.youth
My news feed sucks. I'm getting posts from two or three days ago. Then when I try to change it to "most recent" it doesn't work. Its annoying please fix and do it fast or I will be deleting the app and won't even bother using FB anymore
Update sucks!! App keeps freezing. I don't understand why it is so difficult for FB developers to keep an app running smoothly. Every update seems to be worse than the one before it
I like sooooooooooooo much Very good Facebook.....
Kyawkyaw
Its keep on crashing everytime i watch videos. This what you call update? Its suckss!
Im on it everyday religiously so why wouldnt I rate it 5 stars? Thanks facebook?!
Great
It takes a while to pull up.. I e even changed my email and password. Won't let me in! Fix this please!!!
All round nutter
Vaishal
I wish this app would get it together. Can't move pictures from existing folders to new folders. Can't add others for shared albums.  News feed can't consistently stay on most recent (who cares what's most important 4 hours ago!!!) Why can't you gather all the feedback and come up with something slightly equivalent to a cross between the desktop version and the iPhone app??......
I like this app
But i need to make copy words and status not only comments .. please fix it ! Thanks
Lyn
It almost got all of my sdcards mem.
Please reduce the Ram usage to minimum
Force close on samsung galaxy mini.
It is the best app...
Easy way for facebook surfing
Thanks
ilike it
Fb
Love it
Its Time Pass
Great social app!

¿©£¬
The app refuses to open of closes ramdomly.  Some days all my friends disappear and I can only see groups (including groups I'm not a part of).  It tells me to add my friends back but when I try it says we're already friends.  This is my third time deleting and reinstalling the app trying to get my friends back.  Get it together Facebook.
When can we archive convos and when can we download pics from our profile without having to get on a desktop or lappy? When can we hide individual stories from certain groups & people....??? If fixed, automatic 5 stars!!!
Best
it sucks !!!!
I just have to be on facebook %this app is pfect :-)
Very bad very bad very bad
Press the button to go to the settings, your groups, and your information go down and click most recent
Its good to ..but the update have no in app call.. And it takes a lot ram uses.. It should be fixed
Its okay. It loads for me my only issue is that on mobile, you can not set t to most recent. And no matter what I do, the comments keep opening and it is very annoying.
Ye mera deevanapan hai.
Kharekhar bhari chhe ho tamaru application...
Doing what i want and doing it well
Vr
Simply Great
Wonderful application
WTF . I couldn't log in to my FB. Said error try again later.  Had to uninstall and now that im back on. I have no albums in my profile.  Where's my photos? ?????
Love it to much!
I guess it's better than older one
Oasmmmmm
Hi

Nice
Face
If the app would stop force closing, that would be great. It does this at least once a day.
But it s not fast  not giving me to tag wtf if my friends on mobile not sending the meassege
Good
Nice
When im going to look at previous things it sticks. Can it be a bit more faster than that? Otherwise I have no problem
Love it
Its consuming large amount of RAM
Goood good  Super good
I always lived Facebook. I actually prefer it over many other social media's out there.
Video only play few second before it pop up unknown error. Pls do something on this bugs.
Good for me
My videos doesn't play. I always have to uninstall and then install all over again for it to work again.
Good app
Free. Easy to use
These is so amazing....but there's a times that it is always hanging...pls fix this ASAP..
Prince
I love it
Super slow and has to be forced close alot. Seems like everytime I upgrade (update) the app, im really getting a downgrade.
Loved it
Gud
sn msu n g
Some good banter and a lot of space for my I Love Kerry x
It works  but very slow it always  show tht facebook is not responding .plzzzzzz fiz it.
I don't like the new timeline. I miss so many of my friends updates and see them days later. Also won't let me upload video. The app stops working and won't open then I have to reinstall. Does this each time I try to upload. Please fix.
Nice
Stupid because it wont let u chst with important people.
I haven't had this app for about 6 months.  I really dont have anything good or bad to say so I will just give it a 3¡î
I like
Whenever i scrool up my messages, it would go to the bottom by it self and need to load again..
World first class social app
i dont like the new version
Does not update every 1/2hrs. Like its suppose too. ...
Ever since the last update all I see is "error loading news feed" when clicking on the app. Way to go FB.
Most recent updates are not displayed at all. Even if it does then right after refreshing (or opening a new post and right after you get back to the home page) all updates from past two days or so gets displayed! Archaic app!! #sobad
Pictures don't load....annoying as hell
Wonderful way to keep connected with family and friends. .....
Can't download due to an error
:)
avrage product

I want old facebook,,,dez new fb its very low:-)
Can't find it
I keep getting an unknown error while trying to play videos and it's very annoying.  Also,  please give us the option of choosing from which source to upload pictures.  Some people don't keep all their pictures on their phones.
Can't update Facebook due to too much memory. Wth fix this
It doesn't work. Even though i have enough space and my phone is compadible it wont down load.
It wont left me upload pictures
Nice
good
I am changing my review due to recent updates to NOT recommend this app. 1. Starts at 24.50 mb after install, but takes up more memory as you get notifications, max I had before clearing data and log back in was 33.60 mb. 2. Constant crashes that randomly occur, sometimes not even able to start. 3. Caused both 3G and wireless on my phone to be unsecured and slowing down to a crawl. In addition, it prevented my phone to receive system updates. Until problem is solved, DO NOT DOWNLOAD!!!!!
'What kind of app. Is this ..? The loading is so slow .. when everytime you want to update your status its sucks .. can you please fixed this .. please ..
Status Not getting update nothing is working on your app. Update sucks
Freezes up constantly. The auto play is horrible and needs to be done away with
Like
This is best and something slow it depends on smartphone you have
it's nice to reach out old friends :)
Always guaranteed to put me in a bad mood whenever I try to read or post. Messenger doesn't work either. Used to work fine, so what's going on FB app developers? Absolute rubbish for HTC, nothing works!
Best app ever
Kove it
Fb why you are top developer . Fix all bugs than I give 5 star. This app sucks. Rather than this I like to use my inbuilt browser for fb.
Nice
Nandu
Very good app
Its annoyingly very slow. I never hated it, maybe those tampering with my page did. All ur changes has only helped the hackers and not us the individual users. Please work on asap!!
Its really good app
I felt it gud....m satisfied..myb cz i dnt hope fr much ;)
How do I unfollow a post I commented on? It's gone!!
Old versions better!
Nice
You I have can in i in i i
Wtf is with the sync nag screen? Uninstalled until you stfu
Good
...it is a slow ish download
Aweson
live it
Lik
This used to work great on my phone but recently started crashing constantly. Thinking it was my phone (which has been a problem as well) I uninstalled it and attempted to reinstall it to no avail. I've tried 3 or 4 times and keep getting error -24.
Lags
Awesome. I'll Give 5 star <3
Chocolate
Good entertainment channel
Nice app
Where good
News feed wont update, chatbox says no results (but i can still chat some of my friends) and groups suddenly dissapeared. Pls fix this.
Good social network
Good social app.
I'm injoy using this app
Is a little cool at least.
Nice, faster, smarter...!!
Not bad
very nice app
desi aappppp
If any you guys have Facebook get this app I love it
facebook
Why have you not still made this so you can move it to the sd card? It slows my phone down to a crawl and I can't keep it downloaded because of the storage space. Please make it so you can move it to the sd card.
Emmm
Thanks for update
Very good
I hate the new update. I hate seeing super old posts and not even my friends I talk to most. Fix it. Or I'll just stick with instagram.
ya
Cool
When I open a page, it says tap to load more, I tap but it won't load. Fuckerberg, are you reading these reviews????
Thank u Mark. I dnt know what i'd do if ghere wasnt facebook. =)
Bbb
Washington B foundation
Ever since installing this update my typing in messages have been lagging and dragging a lot.
Can't log on at all!!! Changed my security settings because I had a msg to say someone had tried to guess my security questions and now it won't take my new password. Ask for a code to change the password only to get redirected to a page where there is no option to change it! Just says 'continue' and 'not my account'. Been a week now and no more new updates. Hoping the next one will sort it out. Getting plenty of notifications from an account I haven't used for over 5 years tho! And had deleted!!!
Video always crashes everytime! Even if you reinstall or what! Also cant access the old friend postings! What an update!!!
Superb App
Good
What the error to refresh and so long to opening picture
Very bad
Song
Nice
update sucks! it suddenly stops! i wish i didnt update the app. . its so annoying! -_-
Well I'm sorry but whenever I open facebook it keeps crashing and it annoys me. Pls fix this prob. Ty
D best app ;-)
I can finally chat my friebds
Facebook facebook
Lovely app
the share has disappeared and I can't share funny stuff.
Get it
Checking it out everyday,fun to talk and tell how's your doing.Still got a few bugs so FIX IT!
Nice app
Thanks u:-)
Class
very. good
Is the best
But Remove some bugs
Ever since the new update it freezes constantly. I have the new HTC one m8.
this Facebook always stopped working...  crashing lagging..  i dont know what happen to this app..
Need bigger improvements #wtf i always see old post on my timeline.. And not the latest post of my friends :(
Pop up ADs have made this app worst. Jst let us buy instead pf giving the ADs and irritating us
How can I download video ?
Good
Even after updating Facebook it seems like facebook decides what they want to post and how they want to post it. Everytime I put a post on facebook, they put it in a collage even if the previous post is a day old, if I wanted it to go in a collage I would put it in one. No wonder why everyone is going to Instagram or Twitter.
Stay at home mama wife NANA
It's ok but the update sucks butt then again what did you think for a free app
It's better than before but still need some more concentrate sometimes it crashes and I've to 'force stop' it to run it again. Huawei Y511... Secondly,, if a page replies to our comments , it don't shows it , it sucks . Once I limited the audience of my future posts to 'friends of friends ' but now I can't change to 'public' :(
Not bad at all.
It's sucks. It freezes up for when I look through photos on certain pages, won't let me share anything but my own photos. It's not even loading now, I will be uninstalling it and just use fb on my phone's browser. Such a disappointment.
Great but sometimes its laggss....
Slow
Getting tired of your crap app facebook. Why do you keep changing stuff when just get use to doing things? Now every time I send a message it's just a bubble and can't see what I typed.
Nothing will load on my Facebook.
Nice!!!!
Waw
I cant download facebook because of the new play store
See things hours after posted see the same people hour after hour and I don't like how it shows the same people all the time when I no there are others posting

not bad

Do not like the new Facebook
Pictures stopped uploading. Slow as crap after update
The best way to communicate our friends
Facebook please can you sort the timeline out on the android app.  I would like to be able to see what my friends are doing with the status going in a time order manner, not with joe bloggs 2 mins jane doe yesterday at 22:54. In order would be nice. Thank you.  15/07\14 now the most recent timeline has gone and everything is michmatch. Get it sorted Facebook
Not working properly and its keep on crashing every time I use it. Sole the problem asap
Facebook sucks to slow
Its very slow and it always crushes.
It's not working on my phone...!

Do not like not seeing posts from all my friends!
Please fix it!
Cool..
It's amazing
Very much
Good
Nice app
Nycoooo.......i loved it
Very nice
Keeping up with friends is faster than ever
Devi
The latest update is perfect.
Good
Amazin layout
Mast
Nice
This app takes up a lot of space but it's a good app.
As long as it's free&you don't want to draw over my SDcard. Seems OK.DON'T LIKE NEW style,letters are to thin,can u make letters bolder,or highlight,in different color?
Good apps
Great and easy. Love that I can keep in contact with friends and family.
Verry good
good
Great:-)
After instaling the latest update, app is getting crashed a lot. I have been using FB App on my S3 mobile for more than 1.5 years and it never crashed before. But this update is really a crap.
:)
it help to keep my friends on touch very good
Nice...
Good
Its not safe.. so this app is just ok...

Need to be improved a lot
This app is very butty and very use ful down load n enjoy ....
Bring back most recent as the default news feed! That is what I want to see not posts from days ago
Why there is no repair on these complaint?
Screw this update it sux!!! Ruined facebook!!! I have to constantly clear my phone memory data every minute now its just being so inconvienient and having to force close all the time!! Geez wake up and fix this please!! How do you downgrade???
It helps
So bad
Having issues viewing pics n videos, takes forever to load any posts and all thats using 4g and wifi connections that are working fine with all other apps except yours, and using galaxy s4 so fix the issues, make it better not worse and make it chronological order not here there n everywhere
Looks
It aprogram social
I loved this app
Like it
this app is amazing
It doesnt show my notificatons when im not on the app
If i log in , then our wifi turned off , this new fb doesnt log off ! And i need to uninstall then install again . Please turn the old facebook for a better feedback .
god gift for me
V.Good
Its always stopping im gona swith too apple
Good app has had a few bumps here and there,  but overall a nice experience.
The new update made it so my news feed is only showing me things from four hours to four days ago. It's annoying!
Hay
News feed doesn't update with current items...even though it notifies me that I got new items from friends. Tried uninstalling and re install but did not help. Now on my phone I have a 3 along with my Facebook symbol...don't know what that means ???? Please help...Fix This!!!!
Keeps saying it's not responding.... freezes and closes!! FRUSTRATION
NO ONE LIKES TOP STORIES!!JUST MOST RECENT.CHANGE IT..JUST CHANGE THAT..DONT MAKE A BUNCH OF OTHER CHANGES TOO...And im not seeing even HALF The posts i should be..fix it!                    On top of that ya did fine with the most recents until recently..now it skips half of it
Thats very good program
App was crashing. Deleted the app to reinstall on the new sim card and can't download it at all now. Keep getting error codes.
Goof work
Amazing and fast
I love facebook because I can video call friends that's not around where I am and tou can talk to friends that moved far away its great!
Its great just Kinda slow
Good
HI IM SAHIL
Anshu
What a load of rubbish. Won't allow me to post any comments or post a status..please sort it as I need fb
Poor processing, image lags, message donot pops up instantly????  !!!!!!
Excellent application
dkgd
I have just updated and all the groups I was a mbr in have gone and it's asking me to find new group not showing any groups i was in and selling in
My fb app is lagging every time I open it ...
How to download ?
i love it
Nice
Kim carlo
Can't play videos.plz fix it as sooon as.
Good
Too small font and no possibility to increase.
Maximum
I like a lot about FB! But there's 1ongoing problem, sadly so big, Im using FB a lot less since its  change. Its this: WHY does FB thinks IT should decide who of MY friends posts & statuses, as well as editing which ones of those it allows me to see in MY OWN 'TIMELINE'!?! FB has no business!  SOLUTION: Simply make it chronological like it used to be!  Seriously.
All I want is to autosync photos to facebook (preferably with location and time data) and possibly also sync contact data.  My phone worked fine before I installed facebook, but now everything (including unlocking the phone) is laggy until I force-stop facebook.  Wtf is facebook doing eating 50% of my cpu for hours on end, in the background?!  (And why does it need to have a 30-50 MB RAM footprint?)
I wish I would work better
Easy to use
Ggggggrrrrrrr this app is kind of annoying now,when I try uploading a picture it says all this crap and it wont upload and plus I tried commenting on one of my friends videos and it wouldn't post
Awesome
Hi

Thanks
Ih
Its nice and fast wit new look love it:-)
I dont like new look
Love it
Prabhakar Kumar
ilike it ;)
FARIDUL ALAM
Exellent
Won't up date
never worked fast......crappy crass....
Niceee......
It's social media.
KHALISTAN ZINDABAD
Very good app.. still need some improvisation like .. putting option for " sort" where one can select most recent or top stories. And other things little to make the app much fast
very nice
Awesomeness 
the app is good, but why the hell it runs toooooo slow.. plz improve stability
Constant force closing, no consistency, can run for a day no problem or a few seconds then it crashes
ChatON : 6219 The verification number is sent from ChatON
Facebook was perfect before yall chose to update. Yall went and added messenger and all these other unnecessary features.  Not to mention the fact that facebook wont even open anymore. So yall go and attempt to make facebook better and it wont even open. It continuously force closes and it annoying. Facebook was better when it was simple. It was no need to add all this stuff. Thats just my opinion on that part but you may really wanna look into that force closing error 
Its nice
One of the part in the body
Cool man
Nice
Ok app
Very bad....
Great!!!
Corporation
Good
The new update sucks
Kase5to.b2jre iza binzal
Every time I click (touch) anything it opens the comments. I have touched on the picture to enlarge it, to share it, or just to like it and the comments always come open. Its like this on ALL MY MOBILE DEVICES, and it is super annoying. WTF.
Facebook
Dimaag ka dard hai yeh
Keeps chucking me off and says force stop cos its not working properly
Update sucks big time !
Very cool
Cool app
It's always something with this app. It won't show me current updates of that day! It will show the day before so I'm a day behind when I get on Facebook!! It also would let me do emotion faces on a status & then it disappeared....It has to be something y'all can do to fix this!!
Push notifications rarely work. Fix it for five stars!
Good very good condition of fb
ok
I prefer using facebook in my browser, as not using this app eventually ends up saving both my data space and ram. Because It automatically starts getting bulky totally unnecessarily!
It is super
Gfchghgcghk
It got hanged..its large file
Used to be a great app now it slows down my cell, keeps not responding, and messes my phone up please fix
Fast but slow to deliver
Talk ;visit with friends and family. Stay in touch with celebrities,etc.
Very nice app
I love it because....
I can no longer get the most recent posts which is stupid, why would i want to see what happened yesterday.... Why would younchange features that were perfectly fine :/
Good
facebook

How come we cannot make photo albums in groups from the app?  Or add more photos to albums already made within groups?  There doesn't seem to be a reason why not? ^^;;
Having trouble watchin videos. I thought it was my fone but i have just upgraded to z2 n still having same problem. So clearly its something to dobwith facebook...can we get this sorted, cos its actually annoying me
Why my game not respon your facebook connecsion
i had to reinstall. had a white screen all day. go back to how it was please
ok
good
The news feeds are always out of order the updates cause the apt to not open correctly most of the time
Good app but it does not please like the online
I m foru
Dunno why, but this update made my facebook couldn't load or refresh any new updates. Even my games that connect to Facebook can't load my friendlist at all. I've checked my internet connection and everything's normal. So it means that the problem is from the app itself. Hope the Facebook team would fix it soon. Thanks.
It keeps crashing yeah that needs to be fixed
I LOVE IT
s disc$ting!""""fb are forceng close!!!!!
struck
Facebook
It took over a minute to log in, and when it finally did it was just a black screen. I've tried multiple times just to end up with the same result.
Videos either stop playing or don't play at all on my Sony Xperia Z2. OK if I don't use the app they play fine.
Can't watch videos keep getting unknown errors
My photos been posting since 9am 7/14/14. Not able to share my daughter 2nd birthday photo's. The new update SUCKS
Its okay but Im not enjoying the same posts over and over again
Gud
Why i can't update?
magari se non avesse cosi tanti MB
App, I really enjoyed this app.Here I can posted anything I liked.
Awesome
There are a lot of problems with the site itself...My main problem with the new update is that you took away the ability to customize "shares" . PLEASE PUT IT BACK!
Facebook
Hi
Loved it
Its so amazing!!!
22MB download and I don't even get facebook messenger any more?? You guys need to learn to program! I'm uninstalling this app & accessing facebook via my 11MB browser...SEEYA!! :-)
Keeps crashing, video's don't play properly. Very slow. Gets worse with every update.
Hi
Jaat
Site
News feed shows much advertisements rather than what my friends post. I'm having a trouble using the smilies,therz a lag every time I open the chat box.
Loveit
New version've removed photo comment option
West
Good
It takes up so much space on my phone and o have to constantly delete the data and having a small amount of space for a phone, I would expect that after an update it wouldn't be worse with storage. Facebook could stay at around 75mb for a solid month and 4 times a week I'm deleting data because it has 178mb taken up and none of my other apps can even function. I don't have yo be using such an outdated social network but I still choose to and every update just makes it worse.
Not nice
I keep touch with my friends.... So i love it....
There is no improvement in fb. When i login i see the old post or status or pic. Its becomes boaring. Plz fix it
Awesome
I 'm loving it
Love it
It doesn't give the most recent news feed, its a bit all over the place. Updates are supposed to improve the app not make it worse
Mandeep sahu
Sandhya Singh
After the new update the app keeps on craahing...please fix this.
It was too slow n than open in this it is  better to  open in any browser
facebook
It won't showe what music I like and starts to take up too much memory and when you message somebody you have to hit back 80000 time till it goes back to where you where or you can hit view profile them get to where you are but eather way very annoying
Love it

Love it
Baik
Just use it..
This apps is super
Excellent
My Facebook will not load! I've uninstalled it and everything but its not working. My browser is working better than this!!!
Good
Love fb
Great
I love this app. It works really well for me
Yup...luv dis app.. keep updating..
Can't do anything with it just useless
Aplikasi terlalu berat untuk android lama
Bilaspur city in....
i guess
Really good
best social media fuk it up
Good
Like it
Can't access other messages inbox. Please add this to the app.
Jai sachidanand ji
love
Its super
great social app. Way better than twitter. when i first tried twitter it was confusing and not fun. not like Facebook. its a great social app
Iconic book
Jo
good
it works fastly
V
I cannot download this facebook always error at my lenovo s820
This App Is So Useful
I like the older version
Is awesome
St
Useless... bug bug bug bug..  it says there fixes bug but nothing..  doesnt fit the description.  U suck.!!!
Nice...
My account keeps on logging out ....... within some duration of time ....... plz do something about it
Facebook love
<3
My rating speaks for itself.
Everyone will like this app.
Good
You can basically get in Facebook easier than getting Google then typing everything <3
Love it its freat
Good ;)*
its good
Changing profile picture and cover photo's is a nightmare, all my pictures are in order and in there own folders on my SD_Card, but if I want to change my FB profile picture or cover photo I've got to scroll through my whole library of 3000+ pictures to find the one I want. Get real and get with the times FB! and sort it out! 
For an older version
Nothing but issues
Hc
Title says everything but I do have an idea and suggestion maybe you might consider or think about adding something in your next update and that's letting people change there theme color for there Facebook and everything I mean I like the theme color now but its getting kinda old and I want a new theme color once and a while you know so maybe might add that I'm the next update plz and thanks
Is great because I can talk to friends and family
Good
Facebook2
Gud app i like it
Huhu
love u
Excelent

its good virsion
Love!!!
Much better than it used to be.
This let's me talk to my family very far away
Massagg
No word
Facebook
Ok
Great but could use some small improvements here and there
It's amazing
I noticed some of my friends account are getting hacked? But no one knows by whom!? Please fix this. My news feed won't load even whwn my WiFi is very strong...it's annoying. I keep uninstalling it and reinstalling it does the same thing!
pazhayathan nallath....;-)
Cool app but I can't share my synced photos and d times is way back dated
Taking too much time to upload & update feedbacks, downloading the app itself has be a fatigue task!
I love it
Its better than m.facebook 1 click and your on
Just the same stuff everyday, so it's boring twitter is way better with updated content as it happens.
M trieng to uninstall this app from my cellphone but its not possible might be it was crashed
BOB
Leave it how it is
Good
Each time i open the apps suddenly shut down by itself
Picture replies don't work. It just takes me back to my news feed when I select a picture. I hate having to reselect most recent. Another crap update!
Its get stuck in between....its too slow...thing r messy in it....it rebots automatically...plz try fixing this rebot problem...
I like it but it reads very slow and can not upload picture fast
this new fb is not user friendly it is complicated.....
Good app but needs to be fast on even low end devices. Facebook is for all, you said.
The preloading of videos are cool and all, but its making the app much more difficult to maneuver. It's very aggravating to be on the app because as the preloading appears, it stays white ans freezes before it starts playing. Really annoying and not enjoyable.
Its amazing
I ges its ok it use up to much space it dont work that well
Can't see all the posts on the latest version, it hangs when u try to scroll down and then the app abruptly closes.
Love it but sometimes gets boring
Great
When viewing most recent or top stories all you get is things people have posted days ago . Get your sh*# together facebook
Connecting all childhood friends with fb
BEST  WAY TO CHAT TO FRIENDS FOR FREE
Mast
Facebook is all drama. Its only good too have if u wanna talk to your other out of town In Laws ...
Like
Cool  plan
Best
Keeping up with friends and relatives is faster than ever
saya suka tengok orang komen
Superb
This is lovely
And because it has the same amount in mb using phone space its really slow.
Its fkn freezing all the gd time !
This did not happen when i had jellybean and before i updated it. Now i have the update and the kitkat,  it crashes when i recieve a message. If it crashes, i knew it that i recieve a message.  Why? Isn't it suppose to behave better?
Terribly slow and touchy
The new update sucks. It freezes. The screen goes gray.
Nice
Love it!
Crashes always occur when i try to upload pics in my phone. Sometimes I can't tag photos because it will crash. I hope that your going to fix it. Thank you
Nothing to s¨¤y
Really works fast
With the new update came loading issues. My time line, options, notifications etc will all sit there and try to load but never does. Sometimes I'll even get an error message saying timeline couldn't load. Please fix this because I really do love the app otherwise!
I have it set to let me know what I am being tagged in and if I want it to show on my page. Well for the last week and message to Facebook it still want let me see what someone tagged me in....starting to not like this app....
Great aap
My FB keeps freezing and force closing!  It's annoying!  Can you please do something about this!
I just downloaded and can't open and the app said "duplicate blah blah blah" please fix:)
I think facebook is best social communicator in the world now...
Love how u can stay connected
Ayu
Awesome
facebook
It is a little better now, but the page is really slow still and it always freezes and crashes. Do not like that.
update sucks
I like it
Ita good
I love it
I don't like Facebook app old mobile website was far better. I can't see my friends birthday notifications.. news updates are poor. Can't see all my friends updates . Profile pictures have to crop that's too bad that I can't upload my full size pictures. Looking for a good updated version
Love
Nice app like it
12344321
I hate the new update.  It won't load recent feed.  It won't let me post anything.  I'm not even sure if the chat is working properly.
Works like a charm! They really have perfected it!
Excellent but most of the times this sucks
Very very slow
This app size is too big for my galaxy y phone. If size is small then it will be better for phones which are having little internal memory
Good
It sucks!
Freeze every time a video cume up since last few update.  You have to uninstall and reinstall to get back to face book. Not really worth it any more
Hate the new update. Facebook status and posts from my friends are not updated. Even tried refreshing. Plz fix.
WHAT HAPPENED FACEBOOK?! IT IS ALWAYS CRASHING! CRASH! ERROR! CRASH! ERROR! YOUR UPDATES SUCKS! PLEASE FIX!
Cut and paste..... fix it
I love my face book @ my friend
Great..
Nice... app
I prefer a smaller view. Now one status update takes up my whole screen. Not fond of that. Give me the option to switch,  not force it upon me.
Good Apps  For Facebook
Its going force close then logging
this update started use so much of my ram
Gd onr
This apps is good
Still lots of vital options missing from mobile application why? But this app is almost in monster size. I don't know what makes this app around 23mb. is it full of crap?!
I see posts after 2 days , I am not updated immediately, can't receive messages from my friends while chatting, always online while I am appearing offline , can't open the events nor the groups , please fix this
Ok
Excellent
Is nt logging innn ooohhhh *********
PS
Not good
Its gud 1 but many time up Date suck
I have just reinstated Facebook for the second time. It is extremely annoying when you get an update that causes the app to crash constantly.
Woooooo
My feed constantly starts itself over when I am in the middle of reading something or when I look at comments and pictures. Also I hate not being able to see things in order instead of whatever has most likes or comments there needs to be a choice.
Superb
Would give 5 stars
B-)
Idk
It cuts off as soon as I open the mobile app. It seems these updates aren't effective at all. Do not update this version. It sucks
Now there's not saving pictures anymore, why did u get rid of that?? I wish u would make it simple not changing things every update!

You Know What It Is....
It is  cool
Good
Excellent
Ok la..
Easy to use
Good
It think with the incoming update u should introduce a setting of status via on or off.e.g via android facebook.we luv android.
Bilal
Doesn't work -.-
I like this app
Nice
Pls bring back the old version of fb.his version looks cheap,tbh.
The latest UI is ugly and there's a lot of things wrong in this app. What's worse is there's no other good app for me to access facebook than this. So I have to use this app either way.
Fantastic
Hey
Love
UPDATES SUCKS!!
Nice I communicate my family thrue face book...thank you!!!
App gets worse every update. No recent posts only virals, nothing but suggested pages, errors loading newsfeed/comments, videos take at least 2 attempts to load, my activity doesn't appear - liking posts for example. Most recently it has reset all my friends to appear on newsfeed & follow, after choosing that a number of people do not appear. Sony Xperia S
Finely
Good to get in touch with family members and speak your mind. I like facebook the most.I like to post pictures and videos too.
Awesome
High
Good
Works fine on my Galaxy s5 active
I hate the new update it crash all the time ....make a new update and fix it
Connect wit world
Best social app
Gud
So esay and conneting friends.
Can't watch any videos. It freezes
Top
People have better stop complaining about the Facebook updates, as I find Facebook brilliant - faultless atm!
As much as I hate hashtags... The app is decent.  Glad I can edit posts.
Can't watch video clips after updating fk
New update sucks.. my fb app got jammed every 5mnts
mwuah..pwrgcfff
It works good
its hard to open i use wifi already and my wifi is ok but still to much hard to open it,,,my notifications are not loading i want to see the latest updates of my notifications but its not loading also my newsfeeds are the same,,,pls fixed it so that i give 5 stars,,,,
But it won't let me log on no more I don't know y
Always shows past posts of two days before,I regret updating it.I simply hate it,and lost interest in FB,coz I Nvr get to see anything new.Hate,Hate,Hate
Can we go back to the old style
Constant crashes
Nice app
The timeline is erratic, very annoying.  Can't figure out how to toggle between latest news and most important. I really dislike it.
U r too slow
It's stuck and automatic is close.
Good
As always...I keep on making my REAL accounts and it keeps on getting disabled... But i like the rest...PLS DONT DISABLE MY ACC DYO KYUNGCHOO BCOS IF YOU WILL... I WILL REPORT THIS APP BEING RUDE
After many months of avoiding it, I inadvertently downloaded update. Big mistake , now screen freezes, plays vids automatically, moves slow just to start. No issues on the S3 that I noticed yet aside from the auto play function. On both I never liked that news feeds don't stay in chronological order.
In newsfeed
Suraj
good
Bks
Best app
Super cedric
This app kills my battery, I liked it way better on iPhone.
New update,after can not use fb. Its close after 15second.Uninstal now borring !!!
Would be great if this app let's you start off where you ended even if you click on this on your wall and u go back. I'd always like to start off where I left off.
Nice app
I like it very much.............................
Good
Crashes sometimes
it's Facebook Duh!
I noticed some of my friends account are getting hacked? But no one knows by whom!? Please fix this
Facebook Mobile is a great way to stay up with friends and current events on the go
Good
Facebook is making things bad everytime they update I would rather use the internet one on phone cuz it have no update and still a great facebook is like the first Facebook app
It's sending messages to people that I have no control over about pics that aren't true fix now fb is being so dumb right now
After using the same, I think it is a great deal of the best technology. Feel great as it is now a part and parcel of my life. Thanks
Fix it!
I just believe God
fix this update app wont load
Thumbs down!! Cant see any of my friends status anymore. Keep saying add these people but they all was on my buddy list already! Now i cant see anyones update there status anymore! Please fix! lg g2
Social media
SALMANI
Tnx again
Why from the mobile app i can not share something to a privet message?
But good app.
Faster
When I open  any video on this app it automatically switching of to home Page.  Please fix this problem immediately.
Nothing to tell
I like it
Good.
I already updated my facebook,but it seems like somethings wrong,please fix
Nice
I like facebook and its cool features but it is a huge battery drainage. I'm a skateboarder in which I do need facebook but then again, I need music. Sometimes I won't even be able to listen to music due to my phone dying because of facebook.
It works perfectly in my device.

I
Love it
Nice
Why when every time I press on a facebook link on the browser or other app like youtube it takes me to the facebook mobile site on the browser why can't you make it to open the app itself it would a lot easier all apps does that except facebook and thats sucks
I love it
This is very slow
I accidentally un-installed all updates now its the first version i want the new one back

Like it
Hot
Sucks
I like
I like that
FB is hasn't been working for the past hour. News feed or profile wont load
I love this apps
Was to darn slow downloading.
Great app...
This app is the best for facebook android
With this app i got with my gf
Amzing..
The posts won't refresh then I tried logging out then log back in, now I'm getting "error 1" !!!!! What's happening guys?!!
Stop messing with my account
Super
LOVED IT
very helpful and fun
Happy
It suks
Crashes every now and then
Preety emsangel08
fast and easy
It vry gud app guys u mst install it.
I love Facebook  it's my  favorite
Hate it
Easy
I'm unable to change my profile picture & my cover photo please ! I also can't save pictures to my phone. Fix please!!!
Facebook is a very great app very fun and nice update just update the Facebook message I don't want to download a separate app just because u won't update the original plz consider
Crashing all the time
I know my email and password but fb won't let me sing in
Different
Be vacating. No
Like it
Great way to get in touch with old friends and family
not good
Robert Gaudin
verygoog
Incident by some software obstrucles
One word "GREAT!"
Crashing and shutting unexpectedly
good one but it always Error laoding news feed
Smart
wow
Your guys updates just keep getting worse and worse...force close after force close!!!! Once again HTC1 M8
boom
If I could I'd give it zero stars. I get an error message every time I try to download it. (UPDATE) One month later and I still can't download this app. WTF???
yeah its good
So slow
Drains battery
I don't want to see top stories i want most recent ones.
I don't see most of the stuff i follow on my news feed, but I do on the pages feed, and this app needs to add that.
I love Facebook
There's pretty much one single issue with Facebook (and this app), Top Stories sorting of the News Feed. It defaults to this, which us absolutely worthless for what I'd imagine is the majority of the users. Who wants to see old posts before new ones? There is an option to see Most Recent updates, hidden away in the app, but this should honestly be reversed. Top Stories being the optional thing, not Most Recent. Otherwise it's a good app that does its job right.
Incredible
Awesome :b
Everytime I go to install it on my phone it says "Sorry. Facebook isn't available at this time. We are conducting Improvements on app. Please try again later..  Smh. What A Waste.
Keeps freezing and force closing. Fix it please.
You guys  do a great. Some times
This update sucks...it freezes and forecloses to much!
Has been crashing lately and just randomly going all the way back to the top as im scrolling. The delay in news feeds is ridiculous. I don't see half the updates I am supposed to. Such a shame but it is a lot more convenient to open up. If only it would load all news feeds and update properly. And where is the option to change from "top stories" to "recent stories" ??? Please fix. May give 5 stars!!
Awsmm yaar :)
Only tweak is needs to be able to view all pictures once in a while
Greaaat app
:)
Good
Poor
Can't uptade
itz now better from previous condition but xactly wt i want
Love it
awesome
5 Thumb's up
Always ontop
Facebook
When clicking a Facebook link make it open on the app itself rather opening the browser. That will save a lot of time from users.
Its stuck in my Lenovo a369. Please fix. I give 5 star when youre fix it.
hi
Very nice
It's slow
Bad update
Awesome experiance
Good good
Facebook
Not all quality.
Super best
Not happy when this app freezes due to videos playing when I don't select them stupidest update ever
Very good application for friends for chat and brouse picture.
Good
Luv it
After last two updates not able to play any videos on app.. it suddenly crashes...this wasn't expected for facebook... :(
App is lagging big time and sometimes takes forever to open if it even does at all.
Awsome app
Dear Facebook, y u no stop crashing
Erik De Leon
Its a relly good app luv it :)
Ehh
good
Some minor improvements more required
Since the last update it will not load timeline. I have uninstalled twice tonight! Fix it.
Love it
I can never choose to update my news feed to most recent. I see crap from days ago & constantly miss bdays cause they don't show up. Shoulda left it alone. The activity log feature sux no point. I hate this app.
Automatically plays every video without even pressing play on my tablet! So annoying tired of seeing old feeds plz fix! I much rather have the "top stories" & "most recent" tab like the browser
i
It's great
Good
Dorothy Green Brooks
But there are some features that you should bring back from the other updates.
Fix the in app messaging. We should not have to download a separate app that tracks all of our info in order to message with ease. My phone freezes and the keyboard becomes unresponsive. It is really annoying.
My entire facebook has been jacked for the last couple of hours! Cant see my friends. All photos are gone.  Some friends can see them but other can't.  I get random error messages when trying to post or delete things. A friend can comment on one of my supposedly deleted photos but it won't show me in my notifications.  I can't change my password. Keeps telling me that I enter it in wrong even though I just logged in with it. Supposedly I have an activw session in Converse, TX wherever the hell that is.
I really miss being able to share a post privately with an individual. Not only can I not share posts in a private message, but with this new update I can't even share on my timeline so that only a specific person (or people) can see the post. Unless,  of course, I go though my entire friend list and create a special category for each.
Translate post and messages; Filter search friends via gender, nationality; delete account permanently as line, whatsapp
good
Irfan Bloch
Very good
Your all fags
Face book
Facebook freezing every now and then...
I LOVE FACEBOOK
Better fb :) thanks! More power!

Its ok app
My applycation always not insulpicient
Sometimes service down!
This so good
Mad love for this app 
80 mb of ram! Thats insane!
Moto-E
Absolutely hands down!!
Great connector
Rani
I love facebook frl. Lol
Whenever I try adding images from the Bing search engine while using the messenger, it only shows the first page.
Still "Buggy"

very bad softwar
I like it
Ok
Fb is cool
Saya suka kerana boleh berbual di dalam Facebook.
Good
Good
you!
Hate the new update!!! You LIE! Lie, Lie!!! You DON'T care What we think!!!  Liar, Liar body on fire!!! :( :( :(
I like this app but I don't like the new updation
Bookface is cool and all, but it makes my phone so slow. I deleted it twice because I couldnt believe what a hog it is. Even with most features turned off. Facebook should make there own OS and  phones how funny would that be, since the app requires permission for everything a phone could do anyway!
As much as I don't want to update, because every update seems to get crappier, it is a forced issue since FB will NOT load anything until you do. But the update won't even load. Something about the application permissions, even though it says their are no new ones required.  Please fix.
All world in it
Robotb9 robinson 1317ROBOTB9
Rajeshhafega786
Its not bad,  It works fine once it loads ... Just it tajes along time to load
I dont like the new upgrade to me its downgraded
Part of mainstream social media. You almost have to have an account if you want to promote a blog, business or kill time. I find the ads annoying and constant change in privacy hard too keep up with. I do realize the underlying technology is cool hence 3 stars instead of less.
zasto se ukida ova ap?
Has way 2 many issues please fix. Looking for a new better app unless this gets fixed asap.thx
It would be great to be able to unfollow post from mobile or the app.
Yup.  It doesn't Suck
Excellent app
When I've been going to view a photo its like showing me a few different photos and glitching. It shows me a picture of the thumbs up or somebody's profile picture when I'm trying to look at a picture of something completely different.
Supper
Handy
Hihi
:)
Full timepass
Facebook
Very nice
Perfect
Good one
Super
Excellent
Updated app freezing every 2min. Galaxy s5
Impresing
The app keeps logging me out and i cant even load my messages  without it crashing. This app is ridiculous and the updates are making it worse.
I update about close to a week ago and the last 3days the app has basically been unusable because i.constantly get the "trouble loading newsfeed ".error i cant get on my timeline, post or see any photos or status updates. please please fix
Good
Marukina
Just good
Everybodys gotta have FB!
Facebook
Good
EXCEPTIONAL!!!!
Mad at facebook
I luv it!
I liked the way it was. Why change something that works so well smfh. OK just had another update yesterday n since then Fb has stopped working. For the last three hours haven't been able to use Facebook. Uninstall twice n still nothing wtf
Perfect application

I'm using this app it is gd bt it is open as early only messages remaining all are slow and process also slow......
Facebook chat
sometimes gives me problems .. other than that , i love this app .
FB is about the best social media site.
News feed
Excellent app
I like it
Great way of keeping up with family.
This  is so  cool love using facebook
Facebook it good for u keep in touch with friends and turn  up on facebook u can make do it for the vine videos and share it with your friends so they can have a few laughs.but it often have some problems
love it
Lol my facebook app does well bht sometimes even my connection is very strong my news feed keep on loading .
Molekk !!
it's kinda faster and easier to use than the older. *isn't obvious?* oh well.. it's better. that's all I can say.
Cool
I hstr itt
Keep getting error message 498....unable to download....super annoying.
Download
:)
Facebook, why do you continually  insist on trying to fix what isn't broken? Taking an app that worked perfectly well and making it less user friendly is super annoying. Well done. Why can't I see chat and notification bar on all screens? No, I have to go back through several screens. Should have left it the way it was!
Ok
App is pretty good, but widget sux. I use launcher pro's FB widget instead.
I dont like the update at all. I like my newsfeed in order its posted not out of wack! Sort it out!
Wow good super
now i cant even see comments or previous comments because they wont load. Loading is horrible since the update . Please fix for 5 stars? Loading getting worse by the day
It keeps freezing and closing....
D'best
very slow, I think updates are making fool to all of us. poor connectivity. not able to download updates also its getting crashed
Always crash .helll
Amethi U P
Very fast
Love it when it decided to work. Installed the new update and been having problems with it. It says having problem has to close, or it really slow. So just uninstalled it. Ugh
its fb mobile, nothing ground breaking
A GOOD APP..
Duniya karloo mutthi me
N.1
Good
Loved it
I love you Facebook
This update sucks! Keeps freezing and stops responding right after opening the app. Useless
Samsung Galaxy Note 3
Entretenimiento personal
My collection
Verry poor n slow
Very nice
It works so well it helps me get to facebook quicker
Best FACEBOOK App For Social Fild.*****
Out of this world.
Plx fix this sorting issues. App is getting worse.
Allows people to lie&give ur name&false information about me&Facebook want do nothing to help!
Make easy to use us
missing create new album when uploading new images.. And that sucks big time.. :/...  and now not notify when comments any more also WTF come on!.... Still like this, sad..
Have not updated this app on Galaxy 8.9 tab in awhile, due to high % of negative reviews. My 10-month-old version (5.0.0.26.31) seems semi-stable. However it still occasionally goes to black screen, it's missing several useful desktop features, videos won't play at all, you can't post a photo in a comment, you can't administer pages unless you install their other app, etc. If you haven't updated lately, DO NOT! Wait 'till a majority of reviews are more favorable, and useful features are added/restored.
Love it
Stupid update.. I knew I shouldn't have done it. Force closes, videos won't play.. Just bad. Please fix!
Much improved
Enjoy the life.
Nice and cool
***
Mast
It works well, though they did NOT need to make the "share status" screen look like a freaking eMail page. I mean really. This update randomly flashes black and doesn't let me do anything. I prefer using my laptop more with Facebook, which annoys me because my old job entailed using a LOT of facebook on the go and I can't tolerate an app that doesn't work if I become a Press Assistant or something of the sort.
Nice app ...
I can't tag my friends. It says I am friends with them,but when I go to tag them, their names don't show up. News feed has been having some issues. Quite upset, because I use Facebook so often.
Good
So cool
Can't upload Pictures :( please fix this.
Difficult upload
Nice
Can't download photo from own album
Bring back the most recent feature why would that be taken off
It takes a huge space on my internal memory ... And doesn't load even though i have d net all for myself
Tight work
<3
Hey Kik me bi 13 year old male 13-15 year old people only no creeps my Kik is teamrocketblast
Yeii boii all follow me on istagram = mohamedrahman7564
CSS Dr CD
Nais
..the updates was good..but sometimes it freezes...
With the recent few update, video in Facebook cannot be played completely. It show play error. Uninstall the new update with original built in version, all problem solved.
Love this App LOVE IT
Very very terrible. Would give -5,000,000 for rating
Its suprerb
Good app!
Tazi
Nice yar
Update is very bad
Love this
Can't see all the posts on the latest version.
Can't even install it , erros on the application, waste of time
Great
Ever sense I updated... Facebook is unavailable its telling me
it takes too much space and it crashes. pls fix this and ill rate five stars
Poor
Good as a website.  Bad as an app.
Awsom blosm app
Keeps you in touch
Hmmm
Freezing and running mega slow from the last update please fix
Anything PWET
Loving
Kool
I can no longer view my timeline review page. Therefore, I can't add anyone's posts to my page. Also I'm getting tired of only seeing the posts of the same people over and over again. Having to click "Most Recent" every single time I open the app is annoying as well. There used to be an option to choose between always showing "most recent "or popular. Please fix these issues.
this is my first time on facebook  and i love it!
F it werent for the thing that instead of being stored in the sd card and not on the internal memory this experience is  a-ok.
it crashes a lot.. please fix it
My personal character :to be in peace.
I want to see my most recent not most popular.. boo
Its good, but it take like 145 mb of space!!! Make it smaller
Too good
One thing that would be a good improvement is to add send in messenger to the share button for videos like on iOS and my browser
Best Ever
This update is awful. I keep getting repeat notifications from days ago. If force closes. Its slow.
Its take more space
All videos can't play
finklea
Design and decor.
lol
ODDOS
This is important enough to warrant one star. No default location control anymore. E.g., don't default/turn on it unless I say.
Is it just me or does anyone else have problems with the app if you don't update when it prompts you to? Tempted to uninstall because of this...
Defaulting to Top Stories, and burying Most Recent, is easily the stupidest thing Facebook has done, and that's saying something where Facebook is concerned. Nobody, anywhere, has ever wanted Top Stories as their default view.
Can't play vids half the time now so update
;)
When I try to log in, it keeps freezing and taking me to the sign in page. I tried to uninstall and reinstall it and it still do the same thing
Keeps crashing
Had error on timeline...please fix it..
Its awsome
It won't load comments says I'm not friends with the person I actually am friends with and won't load profiles
Face  book
V
Best
Wont even log me in to my profile. Waste of time! Uninstall.
It sticks a little but I still love it
What I am thinking about Facebook it has been really gorgeous
GodSon
Short of one star because of the updates. App keeps crashing because of far too many unnecessary updates. Otherwise cool.
Oke
What the heck is (Facebook.process.katana) it keeps freezing my apps
its facebook...
Very good application in my opinion.
I WILL ALWAYS LUV FB!!  :)
Need stop following for posts ....
I love faceBook
Back to old one. Not friendly to old android like me. Are this app for rich people. Sad..
Yes good
Its super ez
Why does FB get to decide which feeds I get to see?
With the latest update,all I get is frequent crashing of the app.Please provide some fix.
Crash constantly..........
It takes up way to much memory on my fone and i cant get my last updated version back dammit!!!!!
Ang ganda tlga nito ndi n kailangan ng google
Blah blah blah
Fun
Loved it
Still sucks and now it won't let me log in from this phone. Another bad thing is that now I see ALL of the updates from people that I don't follow. What the hell is wrong now Facebook?
Cant believe ppl still go on this crap.
The best way to keep up with everybody
Awesome
I havent been able to scroll past 1 post for a week so far. Im deleting this app until you fix it!!!!
I like very much
The new app is horrible. I can't upload all the pictures I want too as well as I can't upload any videos. Can only do one at a time and the messenger icon is gone. Please go back to the old one! It takes longer to load then the old app and its more of a hassle to use. A lot of trouble. Switch back to the old app cause that was a lot easier to use and i could actually see who was on chat.
Derrick Johnson
Facebook is great. My kik is princess_belle1995. My facebook is Isabella Oberley. Instagram - isabella_diana_1995
App crashed on me.  So I decide to uninstall and reinstall.  Now it doesn't install at all.  Tried other apps with no problem. 3 words. THIS APP SUCKS.
Always updates.. like 20 times a day..
I love it
Nice
Facebook, every time I go to click on my notifications it will show me them I click on the notification I want to see and then I TRy to go back to my notifications and it will not let me see them. It just keep going back to the same notification I clicked on first..STOP CHANGING STUFF ALL THE TIME.I just want to see all my notifications properly! !
Amazing
Trumendus apps
The apple facebook is better tho with the chat heads but facebook is facebook
Cant load videos i hate this i need to stop use facebook ......... lots of ppl need to stop use it becuz of bad veiws an u said no out of order videos an there are videos with ppl have sex an ppl killing ppl disturbing videos just plz fix
Sales
5.554433
WTF it keeps crashing!
Every time i open fb an scroll down it freezes on videos then automatically closes the app..this only started happening after i updated my fb 3 or 4 days ago.now ever since i hate using my fb...u gota fix this!!!!!!
Videos lag horribly! Can only see the first few seconds of a video. Had no issues before. Really regretting updating. Should have read reviews first.
Tanks
stay out of my personal data on my phone, I didn't authorize all that access, install xprivacy people!
I can't go offline for chat. This is a huge problem for me. Happened on mytouch 3g and now on my mytouch 4g
Errors prevent update
Litt
Best for facebook app so far!
Facebook
