Bagus
Regular
Facebook, ever since you've moved Messages over to another app, my friends list no longer works. I can't see who is online and the list stays stationary. I have my chat on. But now it acts as if I were set to offline. It won't even show how many hours ago a person was last online, nor minutes. The green dot no longer shows. Your new Messenger has really messed things up. And what about people who just have a laptop or PC? How can they get messages now? Please fix this problem.
Wow
FB is great for making & keeping friends.
I really love it
Don't complicated the apps or force to attach mini apps.. ui need to be simple & user friendly with great outlook, that's all.
Since the last update - can't see videos, the widget freezes all the time now... It blinks black & stops working. I have to restart my phone to get it working. So annoying
Awesome
sugar baby
My news feed never stays in order...  It will show a post from 1 hr ago..  The next post will be from 5 days ago then the next time will be 3 hrs ago..  So frustrating
old news fed...
Sip
Yet another update..still not font change capabilities...verdict...HATED IT! *snap*
Haha
It's hasn't changed much for me
owner
Video facebook cuma dapat di mainkan tetapi tidak dapat di muat turun.
I cant even open the app anymore why all the updates when its only getting worse and eating up more space!
Wtf? Why are the pictures loading slow again? Sometimes, wrong pictures are shown when you click on it! It was perfect the last time. I regret updating.
Good
Very good..love it
Love it
Ali raja
Facebook is uniting everyone :)
Forcing to install messenger!!! That totally sucks!! Huge shame on fb!! Now everyone will move on to twitter than this fb crap!! U better fix it
Uninstalling. Battery hog, separate app for messenger, no thanks. Will just use mobile site.
The app needs updates EVERYDAY and my phone storage can't handle it. It is quite inconvenient!!
why photo that save in this app doesn't have size and quality as same as save from browser on pc? fix it please.
Why would this app show old news feeds from 3-4 days ago when i've already seen them? Please sole this problem! Why would anyone want to see old stuffs when we're looking for new ones 
Inbox needs the feature of seeing 'Other' Messages. Shud have option of sending n uploading audio files
meh
Wont Let You Log In Without Downloadig The Messenger App And Logs You Out Of Facebook... I Deleted The Messenger App A While Ago And Go On Facebook On My Laptop Now.
vvry bad app
A must have for every Android device
Nice.
Yes I love it
Ron Seymore, Jr
Wonderful
Want to see changes
Home care
its not working
Easy to use
Tanglewood
takes up way to space so  I have to end up deleting a bunch of apps make it take less space.
I have the HTC one max and I've had to uninstall and reinstall Facebook 3 times now and it's not getting any better. It freezes after scrolling for a bit and I'm constantly having to refresh cuz it only shows old feeds. No bueno
This is so much better then using it on the web
Slow
This isn't new but everytime I open the app I have to re-select most recent for the news feed.  I still get posts from previous days though.  Now it keeps bugging me to download messenger. I rarely message on Facebook so I'm sure not downloading a separate app for something that should be in the original.  All around fail!
This all you need
I hate the fact that you scroll and stops on every video, if I wanted to see the video I'd tap on it.
Very good app very fast love it..
Alright app but I hate how you can't have it show most recent all the time. It's annoying when all you see are post from yesterday to a few days back
I like it so much
Easy
Not bad
Why copy a status or comment from another friends?
I have access to my email but it says I need codes to access my account please help asap
Ak
Love it
Awsome
nice!
Excelent
I love it
Great
I like that app a lot! But I'll rate it 5 if you come out with these 2: A way to reply to comments. And a way to comment as your page. Thanks!
I can only imagine how much Mark Zuckerberg gets layed for this. :)
Facebook
Privacy invader
Like seriously you guys need to put back the part where I can access my messages from the app itself without having to download Facebook messenger I personally prefer getting my messages on the App ...u should have at least given that option instead of shoving it down our throats that we have to download another app in order to access it unless we are on the website or something else once I can access my messages from the app itself then I will give the app the rating it deserves but for now ....1 star
Sarah
Es bien pero odio a face
Amazing application!
Fast and Easily connect to your friends
Get twitter and instagram it's way better
After the last update, even slower load times! Doesn't update news feed automatically and freezes all the time! Get this crap figured out already or I am out!
L
The massanger is speed batter
it allways error loading news feed and it's slow
My facebook keeps forcing close
Nice
Still one star... Update useless needs to have most recent by default still... Aug 14, 2014
Facebook is udpating it's speed n look in a drastic manner. Help me keep updated about my frIends n family.
Love it
It used to be great, but after the last update it's stuck on "Setting up Facebook..." and CPU loads 100%. Tried clearing data/cache and un/installing but nothing. I'm on SlimKat custom ROM
Alls good
Excellent
The bomb
How can you force someone to download other app to see their messages..this is bad....
This app gets worse and worse as time goes on.. requiring the messenger app is just complete b.s.  the message system worked fine, I see no reason to take it out abd require two separate apps to be able to use Facebook.  Half tempted to just give up on Facebook.  Specially where their messenger app invades your privacy the way it does.
Love it ajahahahahahahahahahahah ok bye
After I installed the new update today none of my videos will play! It keeps saying error please fix!
Can't watch videos at all !!! :/
Good application
I DO NOT want this messenger. Why is Facebook forcing this on everyone?
Really the app is superb
This app locks your phone up and totally crosses the privacy lines.
I will not install messenger as this app already takes up lots of space.
Rayray jovani
Recent as default! Put messenger back!
Cool
In not good conditions for now...
Ok Ok
Mmmm
Can't stand the constant updating, the fact that you are forced to download messenger, and after the last update my feed is unable to refresh.. I liked the old fb much better
Hi
UNINSTALLED.....can't guarantee what they are recording..be it video or audio, or accessing from your phone without you realising. Shame really Facebook became a sell out needing permissions for the app that require access to our phones unnecessarily
The widget is much too big and the navigation being on the right is confusing especially coming from the web app and the Windows 8 ado which looks great.
Its telling me to get facebook messenger when i dont want to and i need to install it to message friends
I like it app
Very very good
Now better acces from my browser than from this app
Great app
Love this coz it can help to find everything
Love it
Good
I like keeping in touch
Its a little better
Phone says 166. Whater Mb. How is this possible?
Every one is friends in this world.
Great app I like how it's convenient and all but sometimes it acts up so 4 it's too generous
V.good
Not fuckin good at all update this
Great app keeps me connected with my friends and family. Up dates were nice to. Thanks so much!,,.
Keep fixing the bug, you rock
I loved. It
***** DO NOT TRUST THIS APP!  *****
I don't like facebook
Thanks again
For battery issue
Working only in 3g network not in 2g network.. please do think for us...
I've approved the latest update and none of the videos will play now. Please fix
Crap
not bad
I will not download a seperate app for just messaging.  There is no sense to even have a notification for a message then go to a seperate app. Not only it is a waste of time it is inconvinient.  Terrible.
As far as I know, an update is supposed to enhance features, not to screw them!
Sucks what was the update for when it doesn't change
sayang
15-foster Wheatley Ontario
Nice
my
We really like this apps as long as it doesn't freeze up my cellphone
It's dope
Good for mobile uses
Loved
Fb the truth no doubt about that one of the best social media
This ^
That is all
I have to uninstall facebook and reinstall it again just to avoid that stupid facebook messenger! There's really no way to read messages but to install that stupid application. It doesn't work so stop pushing people to install that facebook messenger!
Still a horrible app made even worse by all of the sneaky permissions.... Uninstalled for good.
I can not watch any Facebook videos it's says "unknown error has occurred while playing this video".. Can some one fix that please.
Old Facebook was better this new on stinks
Over rated
I have to pick this one no more choice i found 
Its mine
Its good but it could be better
Sucks
Great
Come join me on Facebook
Talk to all my friends
It's really too good..
Yah00000
Very effective way of communication
Nothing 2 explain just one must feel
Why do you need to get all my personal stuff and you are making uss download messenger so dumb. You lost another user just like my friends.

I like this app very much.....
Can't open the app. When it was working, I'm reading posts from a week ago. Can't go to external links. Scrolling always speeds in the opposite direction... Maybe you should call up google for help.
Love itttttt
Khan
Everything is good but the bad part which is the main part of facebook is communication. I can't access the messages on facebook app instaed i have to download another app,"messanger", in order to do what facebook is really about. Everything else is good but please fix asap.
I really do not understand the point to go on my profile page just to access the most recent news feed. It is a waste of time, possibly the main reason why I do not used the app as much anymore.
Fb
The updatw is great but you cant change your cover photo
When on~line and not on app, the app will continue to run causing my other apps and even my phone system to crash causing problems. Would rather not have the app but seeing as to how the web version doesnt have what the app does
Why is it taking so long to pull up.. And why does it exit out of the app so often??????!!!!!!
Good.keep it up
Welcome
After the last update, pictures went from clear and viewable to fuzzy and unreadable. I only use Facebook to connect with family members, which includes sharing family photos and viewing those of others. Bad quality photos are completely diminishing my experience. Want to speed up your app? Get rid of stupid video autoplay and ads. I want to see and read photos the way they were meant to be!
Ok
really slow but worth it
Lovin every minutes of it
Ni dah kenapa? Asal buka ja buat hang hp aku -,- . please la betulkan benda alah ni
After this last update i cant even start the app...i get stuck on setting up facebook...i reinstalled same problem...face is going in wrog direction...really fast
Tho they fixed the reset and not knowing were it reset to issue now it resets while reading posts just because there's new posts why can't it just wait until your done with reading the posts and get to it in your own time I'd say just use it from Google and forget the app I'm ready to uninstall it again. Had it reset two times in five minutes on me now. They seriously need to stop it from doing that
.
Awesome
fantastic i like ir
Good
Videos doesnt work at all, it freezes in the middle
My news feed always shows older stories from the same few people. I have over 300 friends. Do y'all pick who we follow because I definitely didn't choose to follow those certain people.                              Update i swear my stories are getting older and older I might as well just delete the app since we can't message from it without a another application.
Love this app!!!
I updated my fb app and don't see my about me. Would like to see it back soon. Otherwise I enjoy this app, Thankyou!
Still waiting for the dislike option
This app takes up TOO MUCH space as it is and now you're FORCING us to download fb messenger? This is ridiculous!!!!
It won't let me play videos.
Why do you need everones personal information.
My LGG2 wont play videos on FB only. I can watch videos on instagram, youtube and anywhere else but now FB. It keeps sayiny "an unknown error occured"
To put it simply, I'm deleting this because the permissions are out of hand.
Raboloch
Since the new update I have not been able to play videos or tag anyone on my LG G2
I don't want messanger
Really disappointed that I have to now download a whole other app just to send messages on facebook!  I already have texting on my phone and prefer to only have to worry about one app, not two!  Apps take up space on my phone and I don't need Facebook taking up twice as much space with two different apps, such a hassle and so inconvenient!  Tempted to just delete Facebook altogether!
Can't play videos anymore after the last couple updates, when will this be fixed?
Love it
Raj R A
Could't open the app
Its awesomely FUN
It helpful.
Will NOT upload my videos. Have to keep going back to old version. Fix this!
A very good app
This new update is shameful. Facebook now gives itself access to all content on your phone. Check it's access via application manager. I am unistalling this as I type
I can't look through the past few months. And I can't few most recent. And it makes me angry because I've seen most of the freaking posts more than enough times fix these problems. Now please.
So disappointed to need a separate app (that is annoyingly over-functional, btw) for messages. Other than that the fb app is sweet.
I hate this app!!!When I search someone the app saves them as"recently searched"and I have to delete the history every time which is very annoying and odd ;)
Wonderful
andorod
Facebook is getting ridiculous! I can't see my own posts on my newsfeed? Does that mean my friends can't see the as well? Really very over it!
Love it
No message like before
Demoting to 1 star. I shouldnt have to download a 2nd app to use the 1st one.
nice
The past 3 updates have had the exact same thing in the change log and there have been no new options and no ui changes. What update am I really installing?
Love it
Giremiyorum internet yok dio make update and fix pls
Can't imagine live without FB!
It's still a struggle to see the most recent stories, since Facebook keeps on trying to push top stories but now they are actively taking away party of the app. I've already tried Messenger and didn't like it. One program should be all we need.
ITS FUN
Idea can change u r life
Cant play any video
Its ok i guess
Videos posted on Facebook will now not play, this is the second update where they have not worked in a row. LG G2
Its Facebook wats new nothing
Hani
Why split to 2 apps when you can use 1app
Love it but it won't let me watch any videos. Please fix it
I like it....its all I need. Iwill be more happy If receive translation as well
I can't upload pictures or videos now!!!!
It's a heck of alot better than going on the internet just to go to Facebook. 
facebook
Good
:(
Being in touch with my friends n family.....
Love it
This new update sucks so bad. It's so hard to navigate. It's the most irritating thing ever. I cannot switch easily between things, I have to hit my back button a million times and why is it so hard to go from top stories to most recent!? I don't care about top stories. I want to see stuff in order so I don't miss stuff. OMG fix this stupidity!
Laotian Id 2011
Since the update I can't watch any video that my friends or other posted. It is becoming a problem and it needs to be fixed
Cant put two apps on just to read messages too much space required think its ridiculous
Omg
Lol they force you to download the chat heads crap to message,  I deleted Facebook the minute I saw that,  more space and more ram consumption to do the same thing the main app did,  but with another app,  lol whoever idea that was is a complete moron/idiot,  all IT working for Facebook are as well for allowing this disaster
good
ok
thank you
LAME!!!! What the H Facebook!?!! Come one get your Shhh together... Every time you update your app something else majorly goes wrong... FYI video clips won't play.
TO FIND PEOPLE AND MEET PEOPLE
so coool
Like it
Mine is 10/10 no hassles or any probs .. just a bit slow !!
Ok
I like facebook
More changes...
It good
nice
Fun
It work very fast.
Hi
Takes a lot of space
Am tired of updating, fine something better do
I get it. You have a new messenger app. I rarely use messenger, so I don't need the new app. I also don't need a notification about the new app that I can't dismiss. So I will give my phone a break from Facebook.
It takes too much of memory from my phone away. I'm going to uninstall it and open fb directly from browser
Okay
Just takes your battery
How dare you. Do not assume to think you can make me download something i dont want.
It's good
Facebook. What. More can i say
I think this app is great!
Not installing another app for this.
I don't like you guys having access to my life.
I like this version but now they ask to download messenger that's why i don't like this version
Disney j Josh body Migrate arch much Klein brush May keg k leafy of Josh n lusty Josh bank just hm kids at just j Josh Hugh Judea may u hydra Judah hi suCnymph Bus
Babu
Its a great app i love it
I love this application
Not much of a difference but more is always better. ....
Doesn't work properly.... Forced shutdown every time. Bad application.
I hope facebook can do download video from facebook like picture
Love Facebook
Dont force your customer  for anything..instead of that automatically install.software..
I Like this
I really like this facebook updated and i should rec u this
Has anyone ever read the permission you are giving facebook by downloading this app I just did and there is no way I'm going to download something that says they can take pictures with my phone or audio without my permission and your giving them access to your personal information that you keep on your phone uninstall and 0 starts if I could
Nice
Unnecessary permissions!
I hate when im scrolling my news feed and one post was 10 minutes ago,  the next 3 posts can be from 3days ago,  and then something from 4 hours ago will be next on and on...  very annoying!!!
Love it
Amazing thanks a lot (-:
Need access to my sms private messages!  Don't download unless you want less memory and no privacy on your messages!
Absolute Rubbish! Most of us have to or need to use this app but its functionality, reliability and customer support can only be described as 'Poor'. [It now uses 147MB of memory.] How much more space do you want???
3
6 you get it 6 dam weeks all its been say Error Reading News Feed sick to death of uninstalling and reinstalling and next day same dang problem its eating up my data having to unstall and restall just to try and use it!!!
Very good updates most people say it hasn't changed anything but it has the way you comment and add photos are easier and quicker doesn't take forever to watch videos like the old update did no buffering at all great updates :)
Likkedddd
love because when people try to get at me is the best thing we can talk each other and also with text messages to  great fast service
Processing speed is very slow..
Just terrible.
Sowetimes it makes me mad
Very nice app. Still a little choppy at times though.
Good appt. hard to use
I can't have facebook and messenger on my phone. With them both I lost 125mb of free space on my card. It's insane. I wont download messenger anymore. Never. Bring it back to facebook and bring back the recent updates.its getting worst
But need sm improments
Doesnt load
I hate that u have to have messenger to chat now
The crap they are trying now just shows that facebook is falling behind and losing ground
Hiding feeds and boosting advertising takes away from the experience.
Its a great website
Issue's posting pics from my LgG3 !!!!
Good
Impeccable.
I hate that now we have to download the messenger app yo sends messages!! I like fb the old way, I don't need another app taken up storage on my phone
Good
I have been on Facebook since 2011 why are you doing this making me open another Facebook. page plz fix I can't get on Facebook
New update need more space.. btw, I'm fb lover..
Good
Facebook
good
So aside from the fact that most of the storage on my phone gets eaten up on installation, when I'm asked if I want to sync contacts etc, I choose no. Nevertheless, upon logging in, another 12MB immediately disappears as application data. I'm sorry, but unless you're storing some super-ultra-mega-encrypted version of my password, you do not need 12MB!
Great
nice
Awesome
Stop updating
Its really horrible, waiting for an awesome update
After all these non stupid updates you guys have done Facebook is the same. Nothing hasn't changed,  What I mean by that is that I don't want to see a month old post. I want to see the recent posts that people make. You guys need to Dan fix this problem because I hate to see the old post. I went from 5 star's to 2 star's.  Fix this ugly issue that everyone hates. Facebook you don't understand how hateful how annoying annoying it is not being able to see the recent posts.
This app is cool but include a provision for copying
So sick of always telling me Facebook has to force close when ever I go to sign in...and then takes bout 20 minutes of repeated attempts before it finally signs on... its rediculous... why can't it go back to the old facebook when things were so much easier and not all the up dates... Plain and simple... IF IT AINT BROKE...DONT FIX IT...
Gave me new account I don't want. Now I can't get in my old account. Fix it or I will unsubscribe all Facebook.!!!
Sabir
Very good
Like
IF YOU'RE GOING TO FORCE US TO USE MESSENGER, ALLOW THOSE OF US SMART ENOUGH TO ONLY USE THE FACEBOOK APP TO TURN OFF MESSAGE NOTIFICATIONS. OTHERWISE YOU'RE BULLYING US TO DOWNLOAD YOUR RIDICULOUS MESSENGER APP.
Since most recent update, it is soooooooooo sloooooooooow. Help please!
Excellent
Sorry Facebook, but after updating this app, it's really useless to keep updating it. I mean I had to install another app to msg others. Thats ridiculous! Keep the app plain and simple. I liked the old FB. #gonetocrap!
After last update that had facebook working beautifully i can no longer watch videos go to external links from facebook.
Google me
Ne e nesto vo red so Facebook !!!!
Why does it continually update but have the same release date
Can't  believe it takes so much space up and nothing has changed. Have to delete app every couple of weeks or so to keep it working. Needs major improvements.
Works great
Khaled
The permissions for both the FB app and Messenger are insane!!! Deleting both apps until this is changed!
The new update that removes messaging from the main app is nothing but unwanted overcomplication. Why would you remove an app's major function and replace it with a new way to drain battery life and anonymously collect sensative information?
very like i loved it
Time to leave Facebook for good. They obviously hate their users.
Idea can change u r life
So many permissions. I feel spied on
How has this junk become so ubiquitous?
Amazing everything that your app wants to access, no way my privacy is more important to me than an intrusive little app!
Excellent app
I refuse to install another app to use messaging.   Might push me to leave Facebook finally.
I love it
The new FB and FB Messenger apps require a ton of permissions and battery life, but you CAN control what Facebook can see/use on your Android running 4.4 KitKat by following these steps:  **STEP 1:** Root your phone - painless and easy with TowelRoot (for now, until a new Android OS is released). This is required for Step 2.  **STEP 2:** Once rooted, install "Xposed Installer" (not found on the Play Store), install the Framework, and download the "App Ops" module. App Ops allows you to control permissions granted for EVERY app installed on your phone. I've used App Ops to disable permissions for almost everything Facebook-related, because there is absolutely no reason why they should see my call logs, texts, location, etc.  **STEP 3:** Install Greenify, and "hibernate" the FB and FB Messenger apps; both these apps consume a crazy amount of battery. However, once you hibernate, you probably won't get notifications. No root required for Greenify.  Don't let Facebook or any other app see things on your phone that you'd rather keep private. Root your phone and control your privacy and usage.
Samsung Galaxy Note...keeps freezing up my cell & force closing app, after last update it took up 97.3MB I deleted the app a couple days ago. I will give it a try again today. If not will discontinue to use it altogether.
Nice apps
Great app
Love it
Slow to the point of uselessness. Facebook through browser worked better so this is getting uninstalled to free up space and spare some aggravation!
Facebook
Why so many updates? This new one sucks. My news feed consist of things that happened yesterday or 4 hours ago. Nothing recent until you scroll down and see it mixed with the old ones. Fix this.
Session expired every time and I can't log in. Please fix it thanks!
Boggs down phone.  Drains battery too fast. Not any better than previous versions.
I loved to chat without the messenger app but now it requires it? So cheap Facebook so cheap
I can't install or download this Facebook application. I don't know the problem. Help me please.
It is awesome
New update looks great, but function is a mess.  Can no longer tag business' or their pages in posts.  The only reason I have Facebook is for business.  Pretty much worthless apps now.
Stop spying on everyone
New update.makes.my phone go.slow
For real facebook? Might as well be called invasive Government spy search engine.
Now I need two apps to do what one app used to do? Pretty much makes this app useless now.
This is really annoying with forcing users to install messenger. Well you just lost one user becouse of that I will use my whatsapp and viber. 2 stars from me until you enable messeges on fb app again.
My facebook app keeps cutting off
I love it until you decided to make this drastic change.
Chat & shere pritty much everything on my device(s) with my Famley & Friends around the world :) ...!
Society
Keeps freezing. Very very very  unhappy with the recent update. It also says,that,it won't respond. Plz fix,asap. Other wise,I would have given five stars but this needs to,be fixed
Its a heavy app and specially after every update
Keep going with that and one day it on ll be more than any other app. 120+ mb is no joke
Uses up too much RAM while running in the background, even after shutting off notifications, etc. Simpler is better imo
let me sign in or create a new acount
Sucks
I just love it. :)
Works great on my Note 3
Social site
But i cant download videos from facebook in new update please fix this problem for download videos thanks.
Very good
Thanks for having an update every day. It's really convient...
so kuit
Its ok
I'm liking the new messenger UI, where it's not in your face just a blip :) now if only we could post pictures as comments. Meme chaos will be a go.
Hated it
Gotta have lol
Memory hog, messenger required, permissions are obsene, newsfeed locked, to many ads, facecrook has been taken over by spymaster overlords. Ready to delete.
Dont like that I won't have any privacy if I have this. Bye FB Messenger!
What the hill done with Facebook. We cannot  download any video
I always use Facebook as a way to connect with people but this app is wasting a lot of space of my phone. I have to keep clearing my data! Once, the app reached 200 MB! Please make the app compatible with SD card
Its very rude to delete MESSAGES option from this app and force me to install FB Messenger.VERY RUDE
Just had a update for my Sony Xperia E1 and now my phone is now not compatible WHY???
Lg g flex 4.4.2 cannot play any video from the app. Keep getting the error sorry this video cannot be played.
Powerful
I love fb for sharing picture,videos but sometime it can destruct the image of other people
Tim Rezek, Alan Patera
Get rid of the messanger app and bring it back to the facebook app. Do you guys realize how big the fb app is and how much space it takes up and now ppl r forced to download the messanger. Well I didnt and I won't especially since the word is out that facebook can control phones that way.
MOo
When i open facebook it says it can find secure connection so it's better .now I liked it facebook. Now open your barin fb always used people
It's a good app to have
Fix it fix it fix it. Yeah it's free but gee wiz
Hate and resent being forced to use it when it has to know what size my panties are! Dropping Facebook now!
It'll always be the less powerful cousin of the web version, but considering the limitations of mobile devices it offers a fairly decent Facebook experience.
I don't like the part of Facebook that has people you May Know or Mutual Friends ALWAYS there on my Facebook page & No Way to get RID of them & having them popping up continuously .
Hello
Great app keeps me connected with my friends and family. Up dates were nice to. Thanks so much!,,
But face book not working at the moment special the on comment
Why don't I have the new design on my Nexus 5?
Love it
P
Good
Not bad
I love it
I can't read and send msg from my inbox. Why?
good
The usual
I need to use Facebook Messenger for chat, stupid... then can't post videos on groups because it never upload... can't change my profile picture privacy from this app... can't see my other folders message. For now is all I remember, still have more stupid bad things. I rather use a navigator for see my Facebook and chat with people. I have the galaxy s4, this app sucks in any device.
Helpful
Seid
Muhammad Fazal Khan...
Doesn't allow messages, makes you download an additional app that compromises your privacy. I'll stay with using my browser
Cute
Fixx video will not play
Positive
Not interested, in installing a separate app for messages, Fix This!
Ms marge harmelink
its ok
<3
With the new update I can't view my about me!!!!
Last update was an improvement! Miss being able to go directly to comment when touching notification tho. Bring that back & add push notifications.

Excellent
Its good i love it
Need tablet support make it native please and forget time line please!
Hogs system resources, eats up battery life, asks to update every other day, very limited app as relative to desktop version, now forcing messenger app on users (another app to hog resources and battery), too many cons, not enough pros, going back to browser version, as enough's enough!
Wonderful
I don't want to play candy crush stop inviting me!
#%@ Ok @%#
Its good thing to chat with with your  i am in russia and i can chat with my friend in afganistan germany and America
Wow
I refuse to allow you to record me and go through everything on my phone just to be able to send or view a message. Oh hell no. Considering removing the main app and just using the computer or just find another form of social media.
Don't force people to switch to messenger. If I wanted it I would have loaded it when if first came out.
Nice
I have Sony Xperia E1, and i've just instaled android kitkat. I don't know why, but facebook aplication can' t be instaled :\
Please fix this and then I will change the rating. So annoying!
Ilove it
Facebook is my life
Love
Superd app
Do not want to be forced to use messenger just to use the app. I can use a browser and answer my PMs that way. And what is the point of being so nosy in everyone's business? Do you work for our government?
I can't read my messages without downloading the messenger app and I'm not doing that. Please fix
Cool
High prist
I love facebook
Fun
The interface isn't the best but it isnt awful.
<3
Only because there gonna make us use messanger
I can't find where my messages archive even though I have the option.Watching a video that isn't linked to youtube is a problem now.
Good
I like this app its really good in use
Berde1992
seperating the messeges from the facebook app was a giant leap backwards. The privacy with the messenger app sucks. We had more privacy with it connected ro facebook
The reply option to comments cannot be seen now. Plus how am i supposed to go thru all of my frndz selecting who i want to see??
Good
Love it
Already deleted the Facebook app and messenger app. Talking to my friends about deleting my account. RIP Facebook
Nice
So so..
4
Needs more fixes, less memory usage; even after clearing cache, still using over 150-300 MB. Extremely slow startup. Repetitive notifications for photos. Page jumping galore in news feed. Over a year with these issues; sent reports, no fix. - Brian Griff
NO MESSENGER!!!!!!!!
Best ever for social network
I can't see my about section on the application. Can't make changes. If I need to make change I must login on desktop or laptop. That I hate.
welcome
Ok
I
Enough said...
Cannot see pics after latest update.. Great except for that..
Why do we need to have messenger just to check our messages ?? Fix and I'll rate higher and  I wanna give u half a star but I can't
The recent update can't be downloaded. . Going worst day by day. ..
eh it is ok
It's only Facebook lol
Sweet Jesus, you guys at FB actually hate your users, don't you? Stop pushing top news. If I wanted to read about relevant stuff from a day ago, I'd... Well hell, I've already read about it. Yesterday. You've actively hidden "most recent" feeds. This is total nonsense. Facebook is increasingly intolerable with every update.  Stop it. Latest update is laggy as heck! Hooray for Facebook getting crappier with every update! Most recent isn't even showing most recent anymore. You guys are terrible.
New v not good
Worst app
As
my only issue is  if you refresh it brings up old posts other than that its fun
Like very much
Gr8
Samsung galaxy y I just love it
V
Keeps crashing, man
This updated with out my permission, I had the older version which had way less bugs than this one. I don't get notifications. Im seeing post from 3 days ago instead of most recent, it lags once in a while. If it's not broken don't fix it, stop updating it like every month and leave it for a while.
Yes
Love Facebook
Its good
Blocked contacs for facebook. Now every 5 minutes I got a notification that facebook is trying to read contacts. Smooth.
Pls gve one option to untag frndz photos and one for stop the game request pls and gve some nice options to operate the Facebook and change the logo :(
Nice
Good
Hate this app now... it should be our choice to download an app or not...
Fb drains my battery. Even with installed programs to prevent background apps from running while not in use... Fb still runs..
When I try to Play videos It either Freezes my Phone or Crashes it
Why even bother updating if you aren't going to remove the messenger app ? Uninstalling this app, as are a lot of people I know.  Seriously why the hell would you release an update that still demands users download the messenger?  That app was always useless and even more so now
I like it
To7fa
.fixing to delete it. If I wanted to download messenger to send facebook messages I would've already done it. Would have gave it zero stars if possible. Completely disappointed
loving it
Too addictive
Excellent indeed
But it stop suddenly which is so annoying
hey fix your most recent tab.. ita not showing the MOST RECENT posts..
Hate it
The app is just awesome OK
Please this is not download in my Mobil wiko please some bodey say me about this
Its nice to download app very easily
I like it a lot
hm getting better.. something to get used to
Thumbs up
Option to meet ma old friends
congratulations for all your efforts to make people go back to the days of txting and phone calls. With your new features, ie the removal of messages, seems to be driving most the people I know to either using the browser or actual text messages these days because who wants a bloated regular app and an additional messenger app to use something like Facebook. Maybe I'll tweet more, or catch up on some Mine craft with all the time I'm not spending on Facebook. Thanks guys for giving my free time back!
Can't even read messages anymore without having another app.
I shouldn't have to download another app to read my messages.  Make it into one app again!
So so
Barikiwa
loving it
Force closes no current posts in my newsfeed... horrible app.
After the last two "major" updates that changes nothing in its "new" ui and stuff promised, i cannot set a feeling or watching type activity for 1 month now...so after me the last 2 updates are just piece of nothing. ..moreover this messenger thing..shame on you fb...how that you force your customers to use something they dont want to??????????
I just hate this crap update which disintegrated messenger from Facebook. To chat with my friends I must install Facebook messenger app which is a worst and power hungry application. I just hate to have many apps on my phone. Going to uninstall Facebook as well.
Facebook for android
Facebook process,uploading  very slow,sometime hanging.how to recover this problem.
My Dowload won't work stupid work the download man
No thanks
Love it
It's a battery hog sometimes which is why I always disable the notifications. It does the job though and the developers seem to be improving and fixing errors constantly.
Best
Won't let me like, comment, or share anything I post or that is on my news feed. Please fix and ill give it more stars
nice and very fast
I want the old app back! i'm not going to update cause i'm afraid to lose the option to message. I don't understand the need for a separate app. My phone doesn't have that much space! Freaking ridiculous.
It's so big and annoying
Woooooow
Danny Boy
Nice
Ilovefcebookk
why the hell my facebook always loading but it seems not! i cant open it and the hell wasnt loading! the new updates is not good at all.
Work on it
In a word.... No ... Its all over the place. 5 mins / 3 days.... Sunday ???? Seeing as when the app starts it defaults to news feeds it would be nice to have this in time / recent order in stead of going through five or ten clicks to get to the Most recent.... ??? Keep it simple get it sorted.
Good
I don't want a separate message app
Download
Im addicted!!! 
Why should I havE to download a separate app to read messages. ...
I hate the update and I should be able to go back. I want most recent not updates from days ago.  Also I think it's stupid we have to have messager. Refusing to download it and I just might get rid of the app altogether.
They want to invade your privacy! No thanks ill pass
When I try to play videos I wait ages for it to load, it doesn't load, I try to ban out, my phone freezes and I have to close down the app completely, help.
Terbaik
Id verification ? It's none of your business. Seriously. And have to download messenger ? Naw
I am not using more space on ny phone to read messages. Remove that feature. Its annoying
Okay
I can't believe how much I love the Facebook
The update made the app really screwy and glitchy. It lets me scroll maybe three times then decides it doesn't want to respond and makes me force close it. I wish I wouldn't have updated it..
This is good but don't want to use messenger coz their is no option for Singh out...
I hate that i can't send a private message because i have to switch to messenger.  Especially,  when even on the news they said that with it ppl will be exposed to all your information and privacy even your camera and pictures.  I thought facebook was trying to improve that. What's going to happen is i will uninstall facebook and if it continues totally deactivate my facebook account for good. I hope they reconsider.  This is really annoying.
good and perfect
Very fast
Satisfied.... :)
R
Verg good
Amazin wold
To buggy and slow
Do not want to install a seperate app for messages... It may be time to go to google plus
Facebook has issues.

News feed is showing stuff from last week. Wtf?
one of the best apps ever
cvnbv
abc
GOOD
Good social sharing n meeting friends.
919
Bulshit
Sooooooooooo good
good communicate app fo communicate with sexy girls so beautiful sexy fucky girls
Not a good way to keep loyalty, I deleted the app out of annoyance
No problem with the network.but...it is better than the browser
I refuse to use the messaging app, should be a choice not forced upon people... The old messaging system was fine.
Nice
Ok
Yes
Ok
So good
Keep the work up
Punam ray
Hate that I need a separate app to message
Love facebook its so awesome I love it
hyug m
Facebook
Not bad
Dig your hole.
This messenger app sucks since i only have little storage....FB going down quickly
How is it that I had all updates on everything on my phone disabled yet Facebook updated itself and now I can't even delete it this is bull
It is all great. But why i cant tag pages?? This is an important feature that i can use through my laptop but not my smartphone. I would appreciate adding this feature :) thank you.
About to delete my account. Tired of Facebook forcing crappy in its users.
ITS LIKE ONE MAN WITH TWO DICK
Need all the help I can get. LOL love it .
That new messenger shouldnt be obligatory
Excellent
Very good
This new version is slow and ur new messenger is shite
Slow sometimes
Do i have to say more? Think not. Bring back the old facebook. The new one sucks.
it's ok but slow sometimes
It's draining battery even when app it's just installed and not logged in.
Love the new facebook
I am tired of Facebook changing things and forcing people to accept their invasion into our private business. It's ridiculous how much they have pushed the limit on privacy invasion. I have uninstalled all Facebook apps from my phone and I will not loose any sleep over  not having my phone battery being drained constantly... Facebook executives, you are idiot's
Cool best thing I've ever try
You Need To Record Me Anytime For WHAT!?!?!? STALKER!! Also I HAVE removed this app
Connection error
Yooo
Wooow 100% I like it
Anywhere,anytime ,Facebook is important!!!!!
I am seriously warning you for your good sake. Your new employees you hired(if they are the ones in your R&D) will be the reason for downfall of facebook. Just take it as a feedback from you ex-fan.
App Closes on its own after an hour . I have a samsung galaxy fame
Not feeling the need to download the messenger.....Do not like the messenger
Ja neh
Takes up my space
Where i can change my timeline to most recent..i don't like how you manage by top stories..so bad for new update but erase one feature
Nic
Liked
hi i like this facebook..
nice .. :)
Funny how this is available on posts and I select it, yet I still get notifications. Also...why isn't this available thru the app for pictures as well. It just seems to be for Written status updates.
The news feed doesn't always show updated posts. Many times it is a day or two old.
Good app
I hate this new update I can hardly view any pics or video anymore
Good

Very good apps
Good
Best But very early update
Niceeeee
You suck
Get rid of messenger
You tube
Excellent apps please keep it up .Fb apps always  best in my country ....:) I can't stalled on my mobile
It's very nice but I keep getting stuck on some part
Wht is happening its forcing us to download messenger fix it
Missing message function
Find accounts on the device. Read your own contact card. Read your contacts. Your approximate and precise location. Edit, receive and read your text messages. Directly call phone numbers. Read call log. Test access to protected storage. Modify or delete the contents of your USB storage. Take pictures and videos. Record audio. View Wi-Fi connections. Read phone status and identity. Receive data from internet. Download files without notification. Run at startup. Prevent device from sleeping. View network conn
Ok sahaja
.
It sucks why do we have to messager to see our messages fb want to take over all phone's. For that I'm not downloading
Why does it increase to 45 all of my memory is gone so i cant download the apps i want
App is great
I don't want to download messenger because m not interested . please do something !!
Get some real # LOVE
FB
Its a cool app
Love it
I just told her name is Jordan
Why should I need two apps now - only to eat all the space in my phone and make it unresponsive even to make a simple call. Absolute junk!
The newsfeed kicks me off, not a fan of messenger
I loved it
Bcoz slow work
The last two updates for this app really suck it will not show or post my status or my well wishes to people Facebook is being very slow and very annoying please fix the only way I'm able to get on facebook is on my phone so please fix the problem thank you very much
Nice way to connect with family and friends
My fb app is always knocking me out it does it about 3/4 times before i can use it
i like it, but my network provider charged me everytime connecting to this app.
Very friendly app...  but after the new update it take about 5 to 10 Min. To open..  now i hate the app!! Please fix it soon!!!! :-( :-(
I love it I have no trouble except for some videos but other than the I give it a 5 
I hope a law passes that puts a leash on this company's constant attempts at trying to gain information on it's users.  In fact I'll try my best to seek and aid legislation that comes to that solution.
amazing
Love it baby
I don't have message because the app is not
This is a old app
I like it because it's on my phone and I can check thins quickly.
Ucc207162
Duuh its cool
Nice app can be more better!
Very very bad app...image quality is lowered...app size is increased ... top stories as default...messages are in different app..now i am uninstlling the app...
Slows the phone
I am sick and tired of Facebook reloading itself when I am in the middle of scrolling. Fix it!
Longer it takes to download the more stars you lose.
Do not use unless you have a high power phone, otherwise it will just slow you phone down to stopping point, it constantly runs in the background even if you stop it's processes, they will start up again almost  immediately and you can't stop it, and will always be taking up a big chunk of ram, lots of my friends with sub 100 pound phones have the same problem.why does it have to be running 100 percent of the time? And not just when I want to use it is the big question,what is it really up to?
i hate the new update.. it just takes space and the layout/ design looks horrible!! and beside why do you have to force us to dload the facebook messenger!!!! i hate the idea of having a different app to view my facebook messages.. this is really a dumb idea from you guys
My Facebook started saying I didn't have any network to message anyone. So I thought it was my app. I deleted my app, and tried to download it again and my play store won't let me.
I don't want to download a separate app for messages
Forcing you to.download a separate, awful messenger apparently is ridiculous.  If there was a 3rd party Facebook apparently I would uninstall this bloated apparently in a heartbeat!
Good
IT'S FACEBOOK
Easy to communicate with loved ones and to find new friends, sharing of ideas and photos to your buddies around the world... love it! #unrulynation
It's effing retarded that we have to download messenger now to read our messages...Why have 2 separate apps one for you're news feed an the other you have to have to even read your messages... Umm, whoever came up with messenger & all of it's conditions is seriously a special kind of stupid all it does is take up more memory it's so inconvenient to even use facebook messaging now. Appreciate f*** book!!
I keep having to force close it or uninstall and reinstall the app so it will work, otherwise I'ld give a five star rating...
Sux there is no privacy at all . When you download this you are giving Facebook permission to read and take pictures n record without our concern
Seriously, this version is the worst. It crashes all the time. My phone freezes all the time. The memory it takes up is astronomical and now you have to have the messenger app which makes it even worse. I don't really want to uninstall but if it doesn't get better I won't have a choice.
Good
I shouldn't need two apps for, one thing especially when the second is an invasion of my privacy both apps will remain at one star until this changes!
Im Not doing it. Simply put, your stupid if you think making us have another app is faster or better. Keep your app.
Thanks
Rilysion ship frendship
Very good
Its nice
Loooove it
24681012
nice app.....
Forces messages I press on someone page and takes me to my home page on my phone like on every device
Forcing things on us? Way to go.
Interesting how Google Play overridden my choice to not automatically update my Facebook app, and went ahead and updated it anyways. This to me shows that my choices are thrown out the window and are not considered. This is a big deal.
3 stArs because of your new stupid messenger crap.:/ i am switching to chrome. Please fix this nonsense messenger.
Like
The videos have stoped working and now people are getting hacked and tagging me in do not like
Awesome
I don't have to login every now n den when using FB!!!
Asking for too much information mann !!
I like very much. ..
Nice
Always failing to respond
Facebook is always running - even when I'm not logged in
Facebook is a disease.
Best App
Ridiculous amount of memory required on top of basically forcing us to use messenger. I'll use the browser version til I see Facebook is meeting our demands. Lower memory and stop requiring us to download messenger.
Doesn't allow to see messages. Continously prompts to download Facebook messenger.
Best app
Classic Update...
Thanks
Hasi
Good one...
vry bad impact on me with its new operation updates
Messenger takes up too much space!! It makes phones slower!!!!!!
Facebook is a good friendship app . I like it.
Loving it
Full of shit since the newest update! It logs out, jumps around, refreshes at interval times not set on the device, freezes up, unlike liked posts! Why is this happening? Is there a glitch? Maybe spyware written into the newest updates?
Works Good
Been installing since yesterday
Let me read / respond to my messages. I don't want a 2nd app for something this already did.
facebook
So far so good
When I try to play a video it says there's an error & it closes.
Thanks
Consistently my feed will change while I'm in the middle of reading a post and I cannot find the post I am reading. It appears to happen with it loads new posts. Very frustrating!
It's okay
Good
Not happy I have to download 20mb app just to access my msgs on Fb
Atef Osman

Keeps freezing
Great app but still hangs alot while uploading pics
I am not interested in downloading another app just to read messages and its not faster plz change it so your can do either
Its superb..
Malik g
It used too much Ram
Don't waste ur time on face booking
Since the new FB update I lost most of my friends and all my groups comments. Where I received all the new comments on my page I now only receive a selected few. Even some of my family I cannot see. Again they don't give warnings about birthdays and I find this new messenger also not so good.
Very poor app i could not give below one or i will give it is very slow i request to make some changes
Nice app
Fab
Good
The permissions required for both this and the new messenger app are excessive and worrying. I will no longer be using any Facebook apps because of these concerns
Vhldjujv dk jckgdwjdg  qjinphsqxlajvlgn
Carpet cleaning
Moche
I'm uninstalling this app because without the integrated messenger, it's completely useless for me. I don't see the point in letting it take up space in my phone.
Not a good something problem fix not working I install it but not opened
Nice
I like fb
The last update trying to use location all the time even indoors and kills the batarey fast
Osho quotes v good
It's cool i mean time pass
nice
Wohh...very nice
App.alwayz..nt support to my device
I hate that I can't read my messages and that I hve to install messenger facebook needs to get it together
I like the app, but I have a lot of issues with freezing and it not updating when it's supposed too. But hey I wanna be cool too.
But device is slow when  installed and upgrade is quick
I don't like the news feed scrolls back to the beginning out of nowhere. It's annoying. Tired of all the negative, fake & click bait articles hogging up everything.  I just want to see my friends stuff but I barely see anything other than ads... It's going going going downhill fast... Imho
App
Hiii..... friends it's very easy to operate this app.
The speed of horrible, I do not like that you make us download messenger just to read a message, everything is super slow!!!!
Gooooooood
Good
Very Good
It's now trying to shove messenger down my throat even though I never use it and don't want it. I'm now deleting this app.
I cant uploaded my video :(
But I Dont want to download messenger and the add is really annoying! Plz fix dis...when I open my message gallery, the messenger add pops up and I must download the app..its really annoying! Plz fix it! Rest, its really a nice app!!
I don't mind that notifications stay stacked until you check on your computer. What I can't stand is how incredibly slow this app is. Opening it takes a full minute (not including refresh time), and that's if it doesn't loss the splash page first. This app is an embarrassment to Facebook, and they should be ashamed of how they treat their Android users. Most recent update looks fine, but gets stuck frequently as if there's no internet. Stupid messenger requirements makes this 1 star
Chat?!
Not good
No need 4 another app to read my message
I dont want another app to read my messages. And all videos look so bad.
Sudi
It won't download!!!!
new feeds are the latest posts not posts since days ago!
I love this app
I love fb
I can't sync my contacts on my new phone so I've uninstalled the app
Somethings js should be left alone
I m  feel grate being a part of  FACEBOOK
SOBIKULMIA
See above ^
Its very slow plZ fix it up
best wishes
Some of d features r good but some of d features r worst ...
Speed is best
Nice
Disgusted.....:-( ready to delete my account....not happy with fb anymore!
Memory/battery hog, and they're removing the messaging features. Absolutely no reason to install the privacy nightmare that is the new messenger app.
In LiveingRoom  Position
If I weren't being forced to download messenger app as well then i would rate this higher. Also if you aren't going to fix problems then stop forcing us to update this crap. You already can't see recent newsfeeds.
Great app
Alwar
Purposefully fragmenting your app is a terrible idea. Look to your sins, Facebook.
Plg any system add on fbfor know which is FAQ or original id  ....
It is an interesting app..... And best network for socialising
It is very god for me
Its forcing me to get facebook messenger i dont f_cking want its so stupid. But now i have to get it because i cant get to my messages
Communication
sons raji
Very speed
Problam this app
@
I downloaded messenger but it took years to read any new message on phone. Now i uninstalled fb and messenger, cuz it took so much space and not worked well like before. Thumbs down for new upadate
home mat
Hi I join  it
Now I have to download a scam just to use chat. No thank you
Love it
Need to improve the news feed to show new posts. Not posts from last Monday
Good
Moto E
Nice
T
Yet another power suck after an update.  Sterry only 1 hour unplugged and a few minutes of  light use, my battery is below 80%.  The only thing that had changed is the recent updated.  I'm uninstalling for a while, especially now that the utility is decreased without messaging.  Not to mention that this monster is 133mb.
I will Not download the new fb messenger, and its required to. That's ridiculous because it doesn't give you an option not to and this app wants to update all the time, and it tells me not enough room to download. Please Fix!
Sad that the South Indian language Malayalam not available in mobile Facebook
Loved it . Bahuta badiha suftwear i like it.
Good
Yaaaaa
Suprb
Face book is awesome
Good apps
Excellent
Its a downer. Seriously. I am uninstalling fb all together and just using my phones browser. I still get messages that way :p
Sahalam
Loved it :)
Even 1 star is too much. Stop forcing people to download messenger app.
Good
Goood
Very good aap for connecting the world &finding new friends
Good
Like the latest improvements
I can't like anything anymore I don't know why
Why do I need another app that's so stupid stupid stupid stupid
facebook page
Awesome
Nice
Love it..
Very slow..
I lv it....:-)
Don't use this app it is useless
Very nice application
Can turn my camera and microphone on without my permission?! Has access to my text messages? Why does Facebook need these permissions?  This is BS!
Hmmm
I will not be downloading the messenger app!!!
Y did facebook cut down on the emojis? The app sucks more and more with every update
very nice app
I think the problem was from the phone
I'd like to be able to read my messages without being forced to download the messanger app
Good app great job done
Facebook its alright
Reset my phone now I'm trying to download the app again and it will not download! Grrrrr
Was ok until I update my sw and it got uninstall and I am not able to install it bacK,.fb pls fix it !
Good
Hate feeling bullied to download Messenger just to keep enjoying my facebook messages. WRONG!!! IMHO
Hi
I'm sick and tired of constantly having to login on my phone! If I can stay logged in on my computer, I should have that same option on my app! Please fix this.
I'm not getting notification alert...please solve this problem.. Otherwise 5 stars.
I refuse to install another app to use messaging.
Hmm really good
Only one problem not installed fast
Looovvve facebook!!!
Forcing me to download your messenger app to read personal messages is bogus. I'm done with both your Main Facebook app and your Messaging app. I will just use the phone browser which is just as quick and easy once I add the bookmark to my home screen.
keyan
Good
U have to download another app just to message people..
GOOD
It's a good
Bad
I'm uninstalling the Facebook app because of their forcing users to use the messenger app. I prefer to use the browser method instead.
Very good
Loves it !!!
Getting one star because of crashes and being forced to use messenger.
Love it
Good
Facebook
I had to uninstall this one. My XOOM tablet hates it. Can I get an older version??? It keeps going off on its own and then freezes. Pos..... si i stupidly upgraded this app.... why do they always make it so much more cumberson to use it? Hate what they are doing. Rule is KISS.... keep it simple stupid!!! Can you NOT do that???
First, you guys keep coming up with updates that create even worse problems than they solve. Useless new features that eat up data exponentially. Now you take away messages for no effing reason!! No I don't want to download a second app. just to view messages. Cynical way to bring your app download numbers up to improve your net worth. Slimy garbage
Hi
Can't message.... wtf
Faltu when i open it it close down
The app. Asks for way to much personal info.
Awesome
How.?
Ok
Very nice apps for chating........................ download it ....  quickly
0wsum .
When i was installed messenger,my FB more often "not responding n absolutely force stop" i repeat "not responding n force stop". N that's never happened when i was not install messenger. Please fix,FB only social media where i always open n keep in touch with my family n friend. Pleaaaaaseeee.
Raees
Cooool
This so update is so faster than another facebook aap thanksSssssssssdsdd
Kool app
Cool
I hate that we need another stupid app for your messages i already got texting apps so I won't be using Facebook message sorry
Excelend
Why i cant see my all previous posts ????????
I like it
IM NOT PLEASE WITH ALL OF THE PERMISSIONS THIS NEW APP IS REQUESTING. NO WAY! IM DELETING FACEBOOK FROM MY PHONE. AWFUL UPGRADE. NEVER CONNECTS AND DOWNLOADING NOTHER APP TO READ MESSAGES IS DUMB.
I have restore my phone and now i m downloading facebook and it shows package file is invalid..plz fix it so i can download facebook
I love the old vr son
I cnt dwnload facebook...it shows tat there is no space bt my hp has 4.4 gb free
O
So slow...
Frequently slows waaaaaaaay down, then freezes & kicks me out :[ #TotallyAnnoying
Awesome app
Sapnakarkar
super
bakwas
Nadeem
Got the HTC one m8 app runs perfect.
Bangladesh
I never thought id see anything that sucked more than facebook itself but apparently this app is worst... sadly i need it but sucks big time
It's bad enough they change it every week or day now forcing the messenger app requiring so much personal access from our phones is an invasion of privacy. I know whats going on I'll leave it at that!
Nice
Moussa sangare
I like
Not bad.. Nyc though
After i get this apps i am not thinking about another.
I have just updated my phone to the new kitkat upgrade and it uninstalled Facebook now I can't download it???
It's all good at time
I really hate Facebook and I don't get the point of it. Instagram is way better
Locks up every time I use it hope they fix it
It does what it should do, i have no complaints.
GOD IS GOD.
When ever i downloaded...  tat shows package file inavailable...
Hate to use it....back to normal...
Very good
Fantastic apps
The new layout is too confusing and complicated. Couldn't change the timeline to "new posts ", just shows te "top-histories" that I don't care about.
Getting better w each upgrade..
Joogman
Excellent
Asia bibi
Thi ha
Good better best
Not good run
Wat can I say oh ye its fu%k!# FACEBOOK
Cool
App
Great!
Two thumbs up
Say no more...

Facebook
Nice
Awesome
Very nice
Why does Facebook need to read my call logs, messages, ect.?
Y nice some knowlage some time waste hehehe
Sometimes force closes this progamme and i hate it
Dis is no good don't download it
It's not properly open.when I open it becomes error on the page and told please check internet connection while other apps running good.
Ok
Don't like the changes made. Wont work on wi fi
But still no reply button in comments
Need to download messenger now just to inbox someone
I uninstalled and I'm not reinstalling this time. Reading my messages was one of the main reasons I had this app in the first place, because let's face it, facebook is going downhill over all! This is such a disappointment what's been done with the messenger app.
I love this app and will love more if facebook could sign in me using face recognition..;-)
Nice
ARMIDA ROSILLO F
crazy messages don't understand any pops up each now and then on the screen.. it sucks
I really like fb
Great job  news app shopping and much more by facebook
Due to error code "-24"..
This apps is very slow to connect. On the other hand fb in my huawei g610 suddenly display a message abt the restart
Its a good way to keep up with your old friends
Mohit.1223
Terms of service?!
Updates that cause message receipt problems, add, offensive suggested pages, no response from FB to reported problems, not seeing posts from my actual family and friends.   with it!
LUV IT
I love my son abdi
MAK
I Love my frnds
Bharat Mata Ki Jai
Superb
It isn't working after the last update....  Please fix it fast...
Facebook is not responding. Would you like to close? Please fix this problem.
Great app....
It keeps forcing me to download messenger... I dont even chat  so often with my friends on FB... ==
Contrary to what everyone else thinks I love the Facebook messenger I think its a great addition
Que no quiero su maldito messenger ...que no entienden !!!!
Its poor when i launched it will make my phone hang up hate it
force close when i play video. please fix now. lenovo a560
Just get out of the way messenger it sucks have to been ask several times
I don't want to use any other app for just only messages .....plzzz fix it
It works well for me.
Like it
I'm sad to hear that a fun, social media site has been turned into a way for the government to STALK us.
Taking power back on MY phone that I bought by hitting the uninstall button. You already have everyone's names emails, where they live, what food they eat, and that's not enough for you. You then force messenger on me and hold all my messages hostage until I download it. GO TO HELL.
Fine
Good app
A must have app
I hate when the app its telling me to update messager to read inbox. Before all was ok now all its trouble
loved it is very good
Best app
I don't like the fact that I have to download a separate app just to send or read messages.
Seems good and convenient. Downloaded easily, works fine. Was reading bad reviews I don't know why.
some system is really good
Misbah usama
Facebook

Constantly freezes and I have to restart my phone just to get it to work again. Thought it was my phone at first, but then I got a brand new replacement and I'm having the same problem, so I've determined its on your end, Facebook.  fix this, please!
Soshel midya
easy to use
When I use Facebook I have to go all way back to messenger to see the message  chat head start not working on my tab fix this for my tab or else I will give 5 stars
Du
Not good
Outstanding
Prayer
I enjoyed using the Facebook app until they decided to remove the messaging feature from the main app. Now they want to force me to use the messenger app which has ridiculous permissions on it and I refuse to use it. Once Facebook decides to reinstate the messaging on the main app, and as long as they don't forced the ridiculous permissions on the main Facebook app, I'll finally reinstall the app.
Why should I downloaded that crap messenger just to read my messages?????
The about button has gone off the pages so now i can not see when my friends birthdays are. Can not see groups i can join on others pages. Can not see peoples relationship status or anything. Getting more rubbish everytime its updated. Oh also messenger takes up to much storage
Why we have to download Facebook messenger to read messages
It is coming as an incompatible update. Do not why so is happening
i dont want to download the messanger...why is it  made compulsry!!
Al my other apps work but when I go to Facebook it says connection erro so plz get it sorted / fixed thanks
Hate to the core
I like it a good social network
Keeps me updated
Not enough room in my phone for both apps. I'm deleting this app and am only using the web browser to check my FB.
All it does is load on the blue screen forever, than force closes. Can't even use the app.
Cool
I love it doee(:
Nice one
Gud
Its a good app
Why should I install messenger app.. This is bullshit
Addicted
Will not refresh and keeps freezing! This is the worst update ever nothing works now please fix this soon
Better to upload photos but surfing high net speed required
Until you listen to our ideas I'll be labeling anything by Facebook as a POS
This app very nice
Keep crashing on my tablet
Love it!
Cool
Aint you reading all the reviews? Am not giving you a 5 start untill you have remove the messenger app
I am unable to access my "pending posts."
Havells
Easy n fast
Reliabe
Guys trust me dwnld it and u will enjoy, it is a most suitable app for ur boaring time
No
Nice App !
Messenger
Am using android, only thing u should work on it is network coz when am not using WiFi it failed to process on data help me on dat but other wise it's good.
Superb
Aswmm...
FB World huh so slow gggrrrrrr...
Great
I find it a bit ridiculous people are being forced to download an extra app just to view and send messages. Facebook is really putting a damper on the variety of people who are using Facebook. Especially the "not so tech savvy" people who have been learning their way around FB app itself now have to install yet another massive app (storage wise) and begin to learn how to use it although they are most likely still trying to figure out original app.
I can't see my friends comments !! I don't know why !! Any help
I love my fb
Fb is very best ap
Not able to download. Pop up shows ' incompatible download ' Does not deserve ONE STAR!
Somewhat laggy on my phone, but overall it's good...
Nice
Not downloading
Like
I'm very unhappy about being forced to download a separate app in order to view my instant messages on facebook. I shouldn't have to log in to a different device or download a separate app to use instant message feature from my page. It should all be accessible through one app, this is very inconvenient and bothersome!
Mon
James Coffy
charlyn g.bigcas
1999 / Ford f 150. Triton motor 8 cylinder
Wonderful
For me Fb has been on the line of me uninstalling i havent for the simple fact that i love fb pages but now i cant even message without another app i guess its over fb
This app was awsome
Force download fb messenger it use less!
Best application
Nice
Why forcing us to download Facebook messenger just to see our messages....???
But soo heavy..always my phone will get hang bec of it.
I've been using for years
Good Application
Very nice
My posts, apparently not "important" enough, get instantly "buried" behind other updates, never to be seen by anyone.
Never have any problems
Nice excellent
Hello
Like it
I luv it
liked it for  various reasons, very promt, no distrubance, informative and educstive.
:-)
Not good
You guys should come up with a way for users to view statuses that they've liked previously. Because i often find myself searching for videos or pictures on my News Feed that I've liked before. I have difficulty locating them because my NF shows statuses completely out of order. So now i have to screenshot everything lol...but if you could that would be pretty awesome!
BT it react late
Its really stupid that you have to download the messenger app
Never works always freezing
What the hell is this . If i want to check massage then i have to install fb messenger what the f....
ok
Totally useless .nothing but trouble since installed.just updated to new version, same thing. Still a mess. Been asking Facebook to fix my messages, half the time I never saw them. Still not fixed. Oh and deleted my pictures in messages .Facebook.really?
Facebook great to keep in touch share information and share pics with family and friends
Exellent
Need I say more... I think not.
I like this app
Very nice
It's got everything
You can no longer read messages sent by your friends, You need to download a separate app that makes it easy for anyone to get your phone number. Get ready for marketing calls :)
Its Cool!
Its a alright application
VERY SLOW to load pictures and stories in news feed. Please address this. Wish I could give it 0 stars. Is getting MUCH worse.
Its good.. yeah maybe gr8 !! ;)
Works great
Continue ur wonderful service
I think you have enough of my information, friends, family. Now videos and pictures? Now your forcing me to download MORE PERMISSIONS for an app that doesn't work? I may be older, and getting use to computer age, but you've gone too far.
Good
App rapes you with permissions and privacy violations and doesn't give you the full functionality.  I'm back to browsing.  I can always text my friends LOSERS!!
Party of how tarn hotel
I love it very much
In school teachers never let us use Facebook :( :( :(
Nice app gui
4star
I like
Awesome App Hats off to the developer......
Useless app now that i cant read massages, completely dick move from facebook, not to mention those requirements.
Where does the update keep going that I get the notification every day?
Good
Muito bom
choi
To much loved it
Good apps to meet each other i like it
Its good
:)
19800212
Funy
Bakwas.. i can't like n cmnts on othr pics
Works fine
Nyc
So good!
FB
I give this app one star because of their fb messenger.. This messenger is not useful. Bring back the old fb version!!!
For no message capability

I love it
I love it..
aswan
Now I can't even open my messages!!! It would've been fine if you just promote your messenger WITHOUT BLOCKING MY ENTIRE MESSAGE! I HAVE TO INSTALL MESSENGER just to see my messages. It's very inefficient, very costly, and very annoying! As soon as I installed it, my phone Experia M started acting up, suddenly frozen and restarting by itself. Fix this!!!
Don't install
Chooo
It makes me download another app just to read messages separatly, sort it out
This app used to run well, but now NONE of the photos or videos will load. Absolutely ridiculous. I can get on my web browser and see everything much faster than I can with the app! Plus, this bs with needing a separate app for messages is not okay. I used to have the app for that on my phone, but I got really sick of my phone going off every time someone would send me a message. There is no way (that I could find) to just stop notifications. Plus all the permissions both apps now require... nope. I'm done.
Good charting from fb
Recently I've been unable to tag some of my friends and it is really annoying. Please fix it asap.
Love it
I do not to sign in to read unless I open from my email, messages are open
It is aa too boor
Exelent
what the hell
Im fine with fb app. But the file for this app is big enough why do we have to be forced to have messenger app too? I use bare minimum as is. Don't force this! Otherwise I'll uninstall both.
Very slow
Life is very short good karam karo
Facebook shows weird behaviour using asus zenfone 5. Even the other apps using facebook wont work. Application stops working . You need to restart the app again and again to make it work. Please fix this facebook
Superb
29 rules
Raj neupane
Error installing
I do not want nor need another app and the access requested to items on phone aren't necessary. You are asking for way too much access to my privacy.
Lovel app
Cool..
One of my favorite applicatiOn !!
I like it
Ok
keep messenger private. Popping up of the face of the person I am chatting with is not a good idea. That's why the popularity of other chatting devices like WhatsApp etc.
........!!
Ok
Nice
My friend posted something inspiring but I can't copy the text. Please fix!
Great
OK
This app bring all together like friends nd lover's
Nice connectivity to people
Thanks
It always stucks my device whn i use more than 30 min plz verify tht
Good
It ccooool
Very good
Wasteerr
Nice
Good.
I updated my xperia e1 to android 4.2 and now facebook is not working.
Nice updates its too good but sometime speed is a little bit slow......
Please bring back FB without a messenger :(
Good
I hate the fact that you have to download messenger to get messages!!!!
You can post faster..
VERY SLOW to load pictures and stories in news feed. Please address this.
Good
Yadav
Facebook
lousy app ever! force ppl use ur messager!
Useless app
Dont understand why you want sooo many permissions, its unreal! I hate the new mess app.  BS! FIX THIS FACEBOOK
Won't let me send messages. It will let me post statuses and like and comment but won't let me messages people like wtf facebook
speed is too slow
Facebook
I can't download the app
We should have a option to say yes or no to groups
Good!
Try it
love
nope
This is a super app and I enjoy using it. The update showing 21.07 MB isn't good at all. It fails to open in GT I9100 fixed it then I'll update it. I'm back to the 20 MB order version. Please work on it...
nice...i like this fb coz..this is the only connection i hve through my friends far away from my home town
Now have to download messenger just to read messages .. and and it sucks
Lovely
Worst update
What the hell is the issue with this app don't load news feed. And always say error in connecting....
Every time i tried to open the app but it does not even let me to open the app it force closes every time if you will fix this bug i am gonna give you five stars!!!!
EASY TO STAY IN CONTACT-DOING FACEBOOK#EXCITING
Pls fix this apps.. because we cauld nt open
So gooooooodd
Shohrabali

Hi
I love it
Not good any more
Works quite well :)
Amazing
3rd Class! Very Poor App.! Waste Of Time!! Even This app. Doesn't Deserve For Single Star!!
Great apps.
Haha
By this  app we can talk to our friends
Not happy thinking bout deleting fb cuz of so much piracy invasion
Sip
Not wasting my time saying why just You all are horrible
good
Every time I like something, it says the sevice is temporarily out of service. It keeps saying error every time I want to post. It also won't show when people comment on my things or like them. It is also running very slow lately even when connected to WiFi and it's not my internet that is the problem. FIX PLEASE!!!!
Good to keep in touch with my friends
Trouble getting opened..
Everytime i scroll down and theres videos my phone freezes and wont let me scroll any more, plz fix it
liked it
Good for use
Hate it with a passion
Tym pas
Aliseyd
Lost " about " on my timeline after update !
Nice
when i'm in my Menu, mg facebook app have a number one on its upper right that means i may have a FR/MESSAGE OR NOTIFICATION. But when I open it, it don't have anything. I don't know how can i fix this. I hope you can help me.
amazoing
Have lots of speed ..,.
Its to slow
Slow
Thanks for this app
Joshhhhh
Asiiik

Unexpected
.
I downloaded fb but it didn't work and when I sing in then there is written connection problem
Htc Desire HD
Best way to facebook
Rohila
Senang
Cool
It is chawel
Excellent
You
All
Very slow
Fb is so cool
'
I can't chat with my friends without messenger. Messenger takes so much space and that's why I don't install it.
Good but not work proprly .Its speed is slow and there are some prblms in app
To much space,
Nice
bhary
Fb always rock budy.
I just used my fb just because too much games i play connected with fb.. Why facebook become too bad now?? Please fix it fast or none download this app.. Ty
Awesome..
How can I download the Facebook.I'm already sign in g mail please
Im uninstalling your facebook app due too your new messenger. No I will not give consent to this new messenger app as I think it is utter crap that you have to download a different app just to read your messages. So as of now I have started using chrome to visit facebook. Fix this back to normal!! I will not have my privacy breached because yous have signed those rights away too police force. Faggets.

App doesn't work more often than it works.
This company is a puppet for whichever agency wants to gain info on you. Watch what you post. First amendment does not apply here.
Hii
Very nice
Thanks
Dont want to see top news as main option want most recent without having to choose it
Amazing
Wanderfall
but it's running very slow.
neprehledne nelibi se mi to.
Wow
The requirement to download messenger app is not important, the new permissions for this app alone are ridiculous. Don't need something that will go through my confidential information, or send emails to people without my knowledge.
Good
Facebook application is gr8 and i love it  but i don't like using massenger SO JUST DON'T FORCE ME TO USE IT SINCE I WOUN'T. Enable message in fb app or else i'll uninstall it too. c'mon it SUCKS!
It's a very nic app.
I'd rather just blow my brains out than use this abysmally slow app.  A rope and a tall tree sound better that browsing this piece of work.
U welcome
I cant post responses! It's always error! Do Something about this!
Nc look and pretty fast...
Good
Good
Nice!!!!!
When ever i try to open my fb, every time it ask for check secure data connection but at the same time if i open any other app on internet it works so i m nt happy with the service
Fac book
i hate the new Facebook design and i also hate the fact that i have to use messenger now to send my messages i liked it better when everything ran thru the one Facebook app i am unistalling messenger and if i cant send my messages i will stop using Facebook all together until Facebook goes back to simple Facebook chat
Good to use
Why do u need permission to read my txts and picture msgs? Why do u need to record at anytime? This seems way too scandalous for me
Awesome app
err . love Facebook . my social life <3
Astig
Slows the speed at times.takes a bit time to reload
I dont want to download another app to read my messages its stupid
paling tercepat
I don't like to install another apps for read my Facebook message.. Please fix it..
Very helpful
Khub valo
humaira
It have me as shay something
Nice big hug too nudity   Hartpury
al
Finally updated, wish I hadn't.
Slow connection just fuck my brain n hangs up the phone wich just ultimately forces me to uninstall this app -.-
Good
It is good but often it says "face book is not responding" takes alots of time to acess on .
The Facebook messenger is not a good upgrade. Its annoying slower your my phone. I use my laptop just to read the message. Very annoying.
Very lovely & use full for everyone thanks to guys for make this
Split the News Feed between Friends and Pages in order to better organise the content.
Amazing
Sharvan kd
No option for latest and most popular tss
Facebook
Good
Samsung Galaxy Note 3
So slow and sometimes not responding.
Keeps you connected
Rishi
R12345
Ilove fb
Facebook
Gr8
I have  problem  in my. Facebook  account  last  3 days ......
Every time connect with all friends
Beware can cause major problems in relationships...
It hangs my ipad
Thanks for all

hia
Super cool 5s only after clearing connection error
awsome app but mini slow
I can't dounload on my phone
I loved it because its fast and more better then other apps.
Now a days fb has becme the source of adveristments!! that does'nt seems to be right. You should let the users use the facebook with any advertisements.  Thanks!!!!!!
my messenger pop up notification no longer exists...no floating app works...disgusting...u just filling up my memory...fix these plssss
Wow!!! And I thought us southerners were nosey!!!
I feel that facebook should not have the option of placing a free call.... why by exp i have had many issues with guys that are either perverts or stalkers should be removed for everyones safety and if i want anyone to call me it should be my choice to give people my number please remove free call option thank you no this is not for an older version its the latest newest especially downloading another app to see my messages like really really
No need to have fb messenger
.
I love it so much amazing, high quality images with wonderfully designed
New
Vv
The app is getting slow and laggy as the time progresses after installation.
Good

99999
Constantly locking up & error messages saying Facebook is not responding...then before I can select the report option, the message disappears!
Srutiii
Some of the new rights needed by the 12/24/2013 update (& others since) are supposedly for features that are a poor excuse. I'd rather be able to deny the app rights and disable those "features"... (calendar,  txt access, letting fb send emails without my knowledge). The last isn't explained on their rights page.  Facebook, you DON'T have a good reputation for respecting privacy. You're dumb to keep pushing the limits like this. Earn some trust first.
I HATE IT. BUT HAVE NO CHOICE.
Nice App To Keep Touch All My Friends and Family...
Good
Ufuu
Bad version videos operated directly and sometimes I can't download photos
It always help me to chat with my freinds easyily
Iam not able to talk to my friends
Nice
If I got the chance to give a half a star I would
Too many permissions
Why am I being forced to install Messanger ? I don't need another app to check my message. Please fix this.
Awesome I like this apps its working very good and fast

Getting updated very frequently is waste of data n time
Thank you my friend But my phone can't plays videos on facebook.
Nicely
Moreover it is very very very good...
the messenger downloading should not compulsory.
I like this apps..
can't tag friends in my comments.. n not all the notifications are updated! i see more notifications in my browser, which i have not seen in application. pls fix it....
Cannot open messages unless you will download the fb messenger. You cannot edit a photo like rotating it,there's no option to do that. :(
Good
Gr8 4 frnd
Likeee ittt
Excellent
Good
Thank U so muchh
Saya suka fb
Just awesome no more wordsss..!!!
Was working perfectly until today? Now it just sits there frozen. Every update seems to screw something up. Leave it alone! News feed now only shows what was going on yesterday for some reason and is full of posts from every single move, band and TV series I've said that I liked when they've never shown up before.
It sometimes just don't work
Crap just crap facebook just upgraded itself without my permission  how the hell that does happen ? I've been saying no for a year and it does its self today  really?
Stop upgrading all the time. it takes up too much space. plus, now you're forcing ppl to DL the messenger? Just stop!
When we can comment pic?
I  can  not  install  it ..
Super app
Complicate my life why dont ya cant get anything on my phone keeps telling me i have no space so i clear space n it carries on n on n on etc just fix this stuff up
Why make a half hearted attempt at an app Facebook worked.
This app is not bad plus an official one at that.
Have deleted it from my phone. This update is ridiculous. Slow, can't set feed to most recent, can't store on sd card makes my phone crash and inhales battery. My list of disslikes is pretty long. I held off updating for so long then decided to give it a go. Very bad decision. And whats with all the permissions??? Seriuosly bad and to add now your forcing people to install messenger!! No way. Gone from my phone for good. Will not give full access of my phone over to your greedy spying company.
Pune
Chutiyapa hai har roj update karo
It helping me to get more closer to my friends.
World's no.1 social networking site
A pop up comes again and again that facebook is not responding.. Wtf.. I didn't even ask it to respond.. Model : HTC One V Android version : 4.0.3
Awesome
Updates which are likely to understand. ....not like few who even update y that what they are doing in the washroom
Very good
Hahahahahahah
Greatest
J
Cannot install on HTC sensation
I like to view my wall by most recent, especially having a smart phone, it's much easier to keep up that way.  Not anymore with this app!  If I'm lucky I get 10 recent posts, and then it jumps back 6 hours.  Ads are increasing.  Deleting this app.
if your phone doesnt work with this new update. its nOt the apP Its your phoNe.. it workeD for me betTer
Wat to say about dat its a simple fb messenger we can say...
Good!!!!! Easy to use ... install it.....
Mmm
Love it
Love facebook
Diamond
Love u fb
Takes forever to open. Recent updates killed this app.
Good
Hazara
Annoying messenger sucks. Return old messeges Menu and let people choose install messenger or no. To read messeges you need to install the f***** another big app. Bullshit.
All these bad reviews and no answer..pathetic.  uninstalled app.  GARBAGE!!
You ask for all these permissions, and we unfortunately have to agree if we want to use the app, so if you're going to do that to us can you please at least make sure the app will sync like it should? I'd like to be able to sync my contacts again, but every time I try to sync anything... it crashes or just does nothing... come on now, it can't be that terrible to read our posts to you!
mkali kwanza
fixy
Since the last few updates I've no been able to access Facebook at all, really annoying as it used to work really well, was 4* now it's 1
Soo goood
Facebook
Zero privacy, Forcing the messaging app on users. Garbage. Uninstalled.
very bad update!! for extra download messanger
Not crazy about forced messenger now.
bieb mucho gayot koneste gusta
Just 22MB but feels like 220MB my phone gets wrecked when I install Facebook on my phone Please make it light like Whatsapp Just 1 star
I can hangout now !! ;) with my gf thanks facebook
Very slow
Installed several time.Unable to play video.Gets automatically update even then its useless. Waste. Back to desktop.

Ravi.duniya vijaya
It consumes a lot of memory. :/
superb
Not served video
Best
It is good
Behaves like beta.
So gud
Did u fix the bugs or multiply them my news feed is not loading..
Not able to download. Pop up shows ' incompatible download '

Nice one
Its crazy how there is no option of whether or not we can download the messenger app. Its like you either download it or you can't read your messages. Its pathetic. Stop forcing it on us
love it
Messages , we want them baaaaack I don't wanna use stupied messanger
Working great
Great
Ghsaa
It's ok I love the update
Like so many I am very annoyed by splitting off messenger....but also Unfollow is a mess, usually doesn't work immediately & I really don't think I should have to tell why I don't want to see sticky Page posts.  Simply Unfollow should be enough.
Cool
Fdo
I dont like it!!!!
Very nice
i hate this app.thats why i ,rate it one star.
Its to slow but I give five stars to fix them
M
Good
Really must use.
Great
Easy to get
So what now? You're forcing us to download a separate app just for us to see our messages?! F! No way! Facebook has a very low customer service. Seriously.
Cool
4 stars b/c notification problems.
Fb is super supper hit
I cant run messenger
It's not so good
Easy to use
Lol Facebook is kewl
I really dont like the fact that you have to download the messenger app just to talk to people its pretty stupid so I think ill stop using the app till its fixed which shouldn't be to long based on all the comments and over 2 million people giving you a 1 star so good luck with that
Fantasticapp
Very nice
P00r
Its become a Part of life nw...
Everytime something went wrong. Once I log in to my account, it takes time... Please fix this problem
Ii
Best way to reunite or keep in touch
Hihihi
Ghj
Nice one
Connection lost
How r u
Riyas
Loved it
Cant able to load the new feeds after lastupdate plz fix the problem
LOVED IT
Neelu
Its great on my device
Risbh chouhan
Not good
Very happy app need to reduce its size
WHy my handphone facebook cant update??pls repair it...my handphone facebook version is old not new
Thanks
Nothing impresive
Do you need to record sound.. Why do I have to download Facebook messenger just to talk to people I know.. Why is the app almost 90mb of data? Why do you sell my details to other companies and work with Google to see what I've been purchasing online? Srsly Facebook you used to be cool.
^_^
Nice  like
Its really very good communicative method.
Loved it
GAY
Absolutely hate everything about Facebook, but need the stupid thing so certain apps can run. Bring back Myspace.
Love to all
Oscem
It's awesome:-):-):-):-)
It is definitely useless
I have a problem in signing in...otherwise awesome app
no one likes to be FORCED to use stupid application. Big Big dislike and i would rate it as negative infinity. -((^)^)
Good  but not faster. ...
Ok
Please fix the new update , it keeps crashing and giving errors loading
Nice
Everything is ok but its not good to download messenger I dont want to read my message s so please remove it
Happy Again. .
Loved it so much
Very nice app
good
Very slow...
Nice app
After downloading last update its not working atall.. My network connection is proper in browser site is working but fb app is very poor this time.. Looking forward for a new update soon...
very good
I love facebook
Awsome

Pan orth
App just hangs and need to reopen the app for every 5 minutes or so. It's time to uninstall this.
nothing
Good app
15,08,2014
Very slow...
I like thiss app beasause, facebook messenger is the most f****** apps in the world. facebook messenger doesn't show any images notifications friends request but the facebook apps seen me in the face book in the browser
6 month
I don't need 1000 different apps! Uninstalled! I'll use the browser version, it takes less resources and everything just works!
This app not good because chat option close this app
..
Bc it was going good then it started messing up I can't watch no videos or post anything and it freezes on mhe
Nice
It's  working  very slow and sometime is it blocking .
Amazing app
I have to restart this app all the time won't load says load error all the time. Using it less and if it's not fixed I'll uninstall.
Nice !
Not function need helppls
Sai Krishna
Good
Nice
Best app
It's a great way to keep in touch with friends and family and it's easy to use. Also, Facebook is useful for uploading photos and telling people what you're doing etc, through status.
I can't uncheck auto-update. I don't like the new mobile layout but it updated itself when I turned my phone on.
Keeps messing up all the time so I have to force stop and start again I hate it I'm about to get rid of my Facebook app
I like it
Everyone know this is good app
its OK...not like it
That is awesome
Facebook chat is amazing I love it this aaps
Take vry much space n its not installing.
I cant chat with my friends becoz it show I need to install messenger app.Please fix this.I'm not gonna download it however.
Rajkumar
Always freeze and shut down automatically.....waiste of time
Abdulaziz
Good
Its amazing
Facebook
Parakash01992@gmail.co
facebook
I love facebook so much i am always on facebook in my house outside the house every where i go i am on facebook that is how much i love facebook thank you who ever made facebook
Good .but running slowly
Wow !
I like it..
It should pop up the gallery when we're wanting to send/upload photos.
Love it's
You're security doesn't good. You allow stranger look someone's friend without agreement. It's danger...
Gud
I hope this application not get me like incredible hulk !
Raw as duck
Awsum
I like it
Sukhman
I uninstall the app. It was forcing me to download a separate app to be able to see my messeges.  And the second app doesn't even work.
Toofani batting
Excellent
A whale of an app..
Nice
Bxt of de bxt
Need auto play option? Also, dont like having seperate app and space for messenger.  Will update rating once resolved.  Thank you :)
It seems that it is not possible to have access to your most recent news feed by default!!!!! It use to be an option, but now you have to access the settings EVERYTIME you open the app to access the latest news. I could not care less for the most popular news I ALREADY READ THEM!!!!
Uninstalled from my phone two years ago because it took up too much space. Now I'm uninstalling it from my tablet because it makes my tablet run slow - oh, and it no longer handles messages (requiring another intrusive app). Will go with the mobile web version from now on.
It is a beautiful app

2 gud
Love it
I use the Facebook app on two phones. In one I installed Messenger before your forced notice but in the other, since I only got space for one of your apps I installed just the Facebook app which got the functionality of both. Since now you are facing out the messaging functionality from the Facebook app and I only use this app for videos (and that got annoyed with the autoplay) the day after messenger gets compulsory I'm gonna to uninstall it from BOTH phones and use it just from the web.
It takes up way to much space on my phone
Waste very slow chetta
I hate that we have to download a second app just to chat fix this back to the old way and ill give 5stars
With all these things that you're accepting to when you download this, it's too much things like wtf ya'll can even record me. Thanks but no thanks. And then still to download another app just so I can view my messaged haha that's pretty dumb. Uninstalled this & the messenger app. I'll just stick to texting, and calling my friends. Facebook is just being ruined. :/
Good
I swear there is a new update every day for Facebook.
I can't read or respond to messages with out downloading messenger!!!!
Wonderful
Messenger won't work without a separate app now. Very disappointed.
Try to remove all needless protocols
Why would you make me download the messenger app if it doesn't even work. Forcing people to do stuff isn't going to get you anywhere .
really, your terms and conditions are outrageous, and i refuse to download a seperate app when this app could handle it a few months ago, your going down hill fast facebook
David kenedy
Ican taking facebook haw I taking tali me
I'm getting an error every time I try opening the Facebook app. Fix it, or I will deactivate my account. This is disappointing. This is my first MAJOR issue with Facebook.
It's a good app to connect with everyone in this world.
Thanks for that BAD Idea. I now successfully UNINSTALLING the Two fb apps. :D and soon, many others would do the same.
Facebook
Shouldn't have made messager separate
Ok
Connection errors and lag in app
Getting worse
Always connect
I am not happy I didnt ask to update it and I had it set to manual update! How do I delete update I never asked for it and now all my news feed is screwed up!
(y)
Gud apps
Can't upload cover photos or profile's , app says pic is too small or not so wide .... :@ what the hell it is ,,,,, plzzzzzz do something
HATE THE NEW MESSAGE SYSTEM!!!
Facebook sucks now
Disguses me
Luv it
Facebook does need a update. Picture dont loading very well and it need to be quicker next time so it does need a update..
Facebook
Best!
Way too many permissions needed. DELETED.
The only good thing about this app is the notifications.  You can't send a message without a separate app and nothing is simple about the app.  They keep moving every menu.
Ehhh...
uuuufffff
Messenger sucks!
....
Messenger app is a bunch of bull. There is no need for you to have the access that comes with installing the app... not being able to check messages at all with the plain fb app sucks so both fb apps have been uninstalled!!! Till this is fixed!!!
Best app.
Blah whatever
Good for sharing,meeting new friends..great
Good 4 find old friend n add new friend...have great stories bad stories...try it
Excellent
Fantabulous
BULLHONKEY
I'm not downloading messenger HONESTLY I'd rather delete my Facebook let me live and message
I hope this app will make it like the older version.. I dont want to have seperate messeanger apps..
I love my parents
Best app ever
Cos I gt all de features I want
tends to run slow... really don't like having to download messenger to read msgs...
Facebook
Bring back messages
There is no company more intrusive than Facebook. I am waiting for the class action lawsuit for human rights violations. Deleting
I can not even find where to delete my relationship status.    This app is very poorly made.
Loved
Lately my facebook has continued to over and over again freeze my phone.....please fix this.....
"Improvement for reliability and speed"? I don't see such improvement other than the chat is taken away... it is even better to use Android Chrome for Facebook rather than this apps...
i can't read my inbox in facebook after removing facebook messenger. i can't read my inbox and i must to download messenger. but, messenger is bad for me. so, i can't inbox someone from app facebook. please fix that.
I love it
It doesnt let me make a facebook account. It keeps saying error.
Im lovin it
Koo
I'm not adding the fb messager app. Uninstalling.
Yp
Fantastic
Facebook
Facebook is wack man sh*t take 2much space
Great but slow sometimes.please fix it
Good site for make a new friends.
Please add some more privacy options for timeline posts. The options are limited in this app. Thanks!!
Enough said.
It isn't working right it barely let's me on and won't let me search friends and closes itself until the bug or whatever is fixed I'm not giving anymore stars
Its irritating to install another app to read messages. So not cool.now i have to access fb from browser instead of tge fb app. Plz make appropriate changes
G
Better now that you can upload pictures to the comments!
I hate the messenger app
Its Great
For some reason when I post pics in the comments with a caption it only posts the caption without the photo or sometimes nothing at all and it will just display my name. I'm getting fed up with all the bugs so try and fix it asap thx.
escala
Got wat need it
never works and always sticking. waste
Very usefull
This is the only problem after update to new version. Makes me want to uninstall it right away.
Problems with news feed, i cant see all my friends posts
Sugestion's : "news feed must be like old version..faster and easy to acces.we can set feeds to top storys or most recent". Thank you and i have no problem with other..
It's seem a lot of stuff king on don't know if I will ever know
Needs new face and needs to be a bit more reasonable sometimes crashes
1234
Can not see my about button on my profile so I can't update anything. I also refuse to download the messenger app just to see my messages.. that is just stupidity and wastes more space on my phone than needed!! Fix this or I will not be using this anymore!!
No copying from app
From the last update news feed is not loading properly. Previously it worked.
On this older phone, the app causes of the phone to use more cpu, ram and graphics than dead trigger, and this isn't even a demanding game it's just a social network app!
Needs nothing at all
Love it
Starting to freeze up and close
You ain't creeping through my cameras you bunch of NSA loving freaks
Awosome for note 3..
What everyone else said...
015273879
IHatemessenger...
I get that it's safe to use, but FORCING us is stupid. It's obviously a way for Facebook to make more money off ad revenue from another app. Sure, there are more features, but it should be up to me if I want to take advantage of them. There is no NEED for it,  so why not offer both still.
I love facebook Messenger it has yet to fail me
Plase add a dislike button on Facebook app online/offline
So stupid well I guess messages will have to wait might as well delete this app.
I love it
Why there's no more messages in the Facebook app! The messenger takes too much ram, bring the messages back
Muito bom
My notifications won't go away since the last update.  The app always shows notifications from days ago. A-nnoying! Fix it, please.
Loved it
If you guys don't restore my ability to read my messages, I will be uninstalling my Facebook app.
Its cool
Hate that I gotta download a app to see my messages
I can't respond to other messages sometimes and post
Fb app/msngr app UNINSTALLED
Facebook
Cool
Ok ok.....
Previous versions are good in performance and in speed. Latest versions are not up to the mark. Pls develop fast one with low memory.....
The app is improved. Good move on the messenger app. Work on your PR so people understand it better.
Sorry Facespace, your permissions are too invasive. This is getting deleted.
Fb not working proprly...
Just ok
Nil
Newest update makes you download the messenger. Not going to happen.  Too many permissions as well. I uninstalled this app due to this BS.
Y
Its a good app
This app is very useful for me
Messenger needs to go.
This new update is usless...Sometimes it freezes and only option is force close or restart. Plus it doesn't load properly sometimes -.-
It is not working properly ... All the time it stucks up on my Galaxy Note 3 and it doesn't load images ... Previous version was much much better ...
Uninstalled
I hate that it forces you to download the messenger app.
I hate it
u syouldnt be doing this ur rating will drop instantly I m telling ya not a gud idea ull knw with time
New update = suck. Can't even open facebook. Just a black screen.
Forcing us to use the messenger app? Stupid!
I cant manage thise app..b'coz if i i try to post my pic....it keep saying conection iror,., plez fix this
What that plz give me new mobile i have done my work but my brother do work he got s3 4g lte what is this
I can't send or receive any msgs on messenger. Very buggy. My account has been bugged and I'm trying to report it but keep getting bumped offline. Can someone please respond to me?
I would give zero if I could. Slow and glitchy.  I have uninstalled until you get rid of messenger.
Excellent on samsung s4
Hay
Love it
I purchase a new smartphone!  We'll see what this cellphone can do to make me smart too!!! LOL.....
Installing another app to a single app work is stupid
Ggn
Enjoying this app stweet
I hate the fact that I have to keep getting asked to download the messenger app. Its just crash and crash
Good app
Sometimes when I post a comment .. It shows a notification that the comment was not posted even though it was
Icant even access my inbox why is dat.....y'all some rip offs
sangat mudah
Bad
Easy chat no

Latest update is buggy and frequently crashes
ok,
Why! Whats the point of separating messaging from the rest of FB.
Avalitos
Great .... Love it. ... Thanks.
Awesome
Why do you need all this access to my phone? My mic so you can record when ever you want? My camera so you can take pics and videos when ever you want. Now you want to read my text messages?  Since I won't update widget stopped working and now the app drawing 30% of my battery in 5hrs! Oh and now I can't even set my news feed to most recent. ...I see post from yesterday and hours ago but nothing current!! And now it auto updated itself without my permission. ..
I want my old version back, won't post comments,  responses, etc.
Never works.
Its really good but slow sometimes but good! :)
Like it
I love it
Still cant  get in my account hate havin my #posted  plus delete my old account s that i cant get into
I deleted my app because i have to have a separate app too read my messages. Not cool. I hate the internet version of facebook but i hate this update even more. Put the messages back in the app. 
Super slow download
Instead of useless updates make it work
I don't know why but this app is very slow! Please fix it
Great
I don't like this Facebook app. He want let me get on Facebook for nothing. I wish they fix this mess
Its a disgrace that you want access to control peoples cameras and microphones.
I dont wanna install messager okay but they are forcing me to
Stop pushing messenger
Thieng
I refuse to download the fb messenger app. Fb takes up enough data. Let alone having to download a whole new messenger app just to be able to read MY MESSAGES!!
I used this apps .it is nice
Can have messenger because it crashes my tablet but now I can't pm people this blows
Pretty self explanatory.
Facebook the android app needs too much access to my phone. It's creepy. Also with the removal of messaging from this app, I've decided to remove Facebook from my android phone. I don't want to install their spyware messaging app. Goodbye Facebook!! (But I'll still use it via the web interface)
Addicting
Not downloading a separate app and take up more space on my phone
Its stupid now we cant messege no one on  Facebook unless we download the app its not faster either fix this cause i no alot of ppl hating it.
Easy way
It does not sync to my phone like before. .I dnt like this app.
Great app
Lolnji
But y do i need messenger?
Making a stand, I don't want messenger so I'm deleting the fb app as punishment to the company.
DNT NEED MESSENGER. . LUV DIS APP!! ON CRIPATHY
Ok
As if that didnt say enough, here's more. I use this as a convenient way to talk with distant friends and family and I dont go on a computer much. Now I have to install an app which takes up a large amount of storage and has some crashing issues (based off of the reviews that I've read from the apps rating itself). I hope this is changed back to having the messaging on the this app.
it's aa good app or waaddevaa
Requiring the message app sucks, shoulda stayed the same 
FB used to be a great way to communicate with friends & family. Guess i'll go back to sms & mms.
New update sucks!! I'm not o e to complain but hate the new format!
Love it
Facebook is going awesome n awesome by its updates n all
Mini version of Facebook on web
it's very slowly to use
alright
Awesome app
Angel l
Now forced me to update, i will back to an older version, no need messenger anymore, haha lol
After the latest update fb doesn't load pages at all...can scroll down for news feeds but dosent load at all...can't open a lot of things...plzzz fix this n get a 5 star..thanx
Como el refrijerador
Boom
Best tracking app in existence
Sux real bad. I hate the lag, and my news feed doesn't know the difference between most recent and top stories. Not to mention messenger, UGH. I HATE IT
Nyc
Yay
Thx man #love it
Very good
HATE that I have to download the stupid messenger just to read a message. It was fine the way it was before,  if I wanted the messenger I would've already downloaded it a long time ago!
Meh,  it's alright
Talk about speed and i'd wait 5-10 minutes for this apps to open up..i think i'll minus 4 star thank you..
I have to uninstall every single day because the app freezes and stops working. Every day.
It suck intergram is better than this so is kik
Keeps getting "error loading news feed. Please check your Internet connection"
Good!
Not for me, hate it, change it back............nope......it would also be nice to have the ability to customize who can view specific posts like you can on the desktop.        I hate this newer update! Nothing loads properly and it crashes constantly
It tries to load but force closes. I don't know what you have going on but I wish you would fix. I can get on by going online and it works. Your app sucks please fix and I will fix my rating. FB app sucks. Samsung galaxy.
Gay
amazing
WHY THE HELL CANT I LIKE ANYTHING
Great way for family and friends to stay in touch
It don'g have errors and works so good in every phone!
Keeps forcing close.plz fix asap.
Why must I download another app to receive messages? Why is it that I can not add friends I know through this app and it just be logging out? Better change this otherwise no 5
Ok
Better than messenger
Gay
It has been installing for hours!
The app is not allowing me to switch from recent to popular wall activity. Not even an option
Poop
Juliocuevas256@Yahoo's
Great tool
For an older version
I hate the slow speed and ads.
It's OK but it pushed notifications out of this world: (
Good
Good
Facebook has got out of hand and thinks that people need a facebook or something.
Half the time it doesn't work.
City
Always crashes, want the cia/NSA to spy on your every move then download this app.
I enjoy it
Turn down for what
Lakesha Randolph French
I'd like the feature to return where you can see most recent posts rather than top posts. Another complaint is that you have to turn "my location" off every time you use Facebook.
Disappointed
This is the best
Keep changing for the worst. App for messages is ridiculous. ...idiots
eficient!
Inbox message isn't working! Fix it please
fb
Useless app. Extremely slow to load. Nothing ever gets posted on the app. Using the app only causes a sheer waste of precious time.
great
Pedro.felix
Don't like the fact I have to download fb messenger to see My fb messages coz u can't logout of it! Annoying!
I love jesus fb
Why have upgrade my facebook when something new comes around on facebook because that is or downloading messager from facebook i don't have that much space on my phone to put facebook messager anyway and stop being so lame and fix these upgrades to facebook ok. Fix all these little bugs on facebook ok

It occupies too much space,making connecting to people really annoying
It geat
Found family & friends. Great way to keep in touch.....
Invasion of privacy
Full of nope
Google apps
Last update is suck wtf is that it always logout alone and become to slow ihate the new update iwant the old one
If it ain't broke...stop fixing it!!!
Cool!
Love. It
This is giving me an error message every time I try to install it
Facebook es una aplicacin que todos usamos,  es buena, pero que que quieran que ya teniendo Facebook como una aplicacin preferente nos obliguen a instalar otra que es el messenger para solo poder ver los mensajes, no es justo,  adems que est muy pesada y necesita mucho espacio! Facebook es ms que suficiente, no necesitamos messenger!!!
I'll see posts in a row.  Scroll down and it will start to repeat the exact same posts.
Nice
Works fine.
Violation of privacy with app
Nice
Alright
Dont need an0ther app just to read my messages
Why you need so much permission.  I guess I go to the old days of seeing people.
F.b Its a nyc place all of my frdz... use to easy n share is easy....n tag n mean option of location share ur fdz .
I am not intrested in downloading another app just to read my msg thats why i give 1 star
Love it
Cant even download it
Awesome
Had the app for two years on my current phone, never had a problem.  Did a factory reset, and now it just tells me that my password is wrong. I sign in just fine on my computer. Plus, if I am on my computer/laptop I do not have to download that bulls**t messenger app that is a total invasion of privacy.
I am glad they great app
Facebook
Forcing me to install an Aditional and invasive app for messenger! !.. I'm going to Uninstall both apps.
No longer using Facebook app, don't like being forced to install a secondary app....
Permission to personal stuff bank accounts maps pictures etc to much invasion
love this so much   :)
I used to use the facebook app years ago when it supported all the functions facebook had. Now it seems very limited. You can't chat unless you install messenger which I will refuse to do based on permissions. I can't update most my info... I still find I have to login from a computer. Poke function doesn't exist. Pretty pathetic work, Facebook. Thought you were better than this. I'll just have to use the mobile website for now. (uninstall).
Quit working.  Won't open. Retaliation because I don't want fb snoopenger App?
Aye
This app worked good for me tell now. Now I can't get my messages unless I add the new Facebook messager. And I don't want to move to the new one, :-(
Can gwan
Good
Two apps to to visit the same site. Screw you.
Love it awesome
Not sure to many neg. Responses.
Privacy concerns
Is the best to have on my Samsung galaxy S III
pundekk late mmposs
Family Man
Facebook
Im very disappointed in the app.  It's always repeating the same time line newsfeed.   I am so upset that yoy have made it where we have to install messenger in order to receive our messeges.   What a crock of crap to lay on us when our phones are not able to handle all that usage.   Very wrong .   Shame on you.
It's become a basic requirement.
Requiring the Messenger app to keep in touch with your friends and family on Facebook is RIDICULOUS! I will not download Messenger, and I'm close to removing the Facebook app as well!! Facebook and messenger is asking for WAY TO MUCH ACCESS AND NEEDS TO BACK OFF! WHY DOES MESSENGER NEED ACCESS TO MY IDENTITY AND EVERYTHING ELSE IN MY PHONE? NO THANK YOU!!!! FIX THIS PROBLEM FACEBOOK, YOU ARE LOSING A LOT OF CUSTOMERS! You have made many people very angry. Fix. This. Problem.
After downloading messenger my fb will not stay open longer than 5 seconds! ! I cant use the app!
Pathetic attempt for an app. Seems they fixed the force close. Now it just hangs, completely unresponsive until I reboot my phone. This has happened on three occasions now at random points and nothing happens. The screen appears to be working but you can not scroll, click slide or even press back or recent apps, only home. This is unacceptable and in fact to the point that I will not be using Facebook period.
Social media
Forced into getting messenger  and it's absolutely terrible compared to the standard inboxing before, it's not faster, it has so many errors, it should be an option not something you have to get, way to stuff it up Facebook you just ruined yourself
Papi
Its really a nice app but it takes a long time in downloading
Eats too much resources, especially now that a separate Messenger is required to be installed...
Facebook
Don't like this update so I'm unistalling.
I got it
Facebook scks
Good
Goods
Hate the new version!!
I have to remove updates every day even though I had auto-update disabled...now we can't disable that!  I'm signed up with Google+.  Gonna find out what all the hoopla is about them.  History repeats: people left MySpace for Facebook because of MySpace constantly screwing with the program.  What are y'all, stupid or something?
I do not understand, how, this garbage application,  gets 4 stars?!!
I never do these comments but f#k me this new version of facebook is a load of w@#k.
Permudahknla segala urusan biniku
I am disliking Facebook more and more. I need messanger back on this app. I admin pages and we have group chats this is making contacting them difficult. I now have to go to messanger through my browser...not convienent at all. Plus if you start changeing the requirements to be as stupid as you do for messanger app I will be deleting this as well. I WILL CHECK BACK EVERY FEW DAYS TO SEE IF YOU CHANGE ANYTHING!!! I read your terms before I changed my rateing!
Perfect
Can't send messages networks always down wtf
Using my cell for pics, calls, microphone or anything else without my knowledge is a bit disconcerning
Like;-)
Read the permission details
This app is never going to be not installed!
FB app is awesome
But you steel error
Hud works hud no problem
Love it
Just remove the messenger app requirement. It's crap.
Its just a messenger that works 1/2 of the time fb is a waste of time all together anyways
Like it
It's slow and unresponsive.  I have a fbook page and I can't tag likers in posts or share posts/other pages to my page. I have to go on the internet to do this. I also don't understand why you need a seperate app to view page msgs on Android - it's ridiculous.  Get it sorted.
Sucks that I have to install another app just to read my msgs when I'm being recorded! Ha..this is BS!!!
Will uninstall if I can't set news feed to show newest first. I don't like weeding thru feeds that are out of order. I'd rather connect to internet for facebook, at least I can set news feed preferences. Fix and get more stars!
Dont want to download other app to read my messages
I won't participate in voluntary privacy invasion.
Must use another so for messages
I can't change my cover photo n'd some nofitications not arrived
I give u 2 star rate since I can't read message from this app
It sucks always updating the stupid app but truth be told im still using it hahaha
I guess because I only have g3 phone...
Malai ni fb maaan pareko ta haina but...yo nabhaye samma mero mob ma pic upload garna milena so maile yo download gareko...natra ta maile ni yo kaha download garthe ra...ma pni kaam batho xu....ha ha ha ha
I love my facebook
App
I hate how you have to get force to use messager it bad enough Facebook takes up space and Ima gonna delete this app and use it in chrome
It jus der
Goods
Nice application
Khan
Facebook for aide
It keeps kicking me out so I uninstalled it to reinstall but now it wont let me download the app
<3<3<3
Its silly to ask me to download yet another app just to read FB messages. No thank you!
VERY WORST
Invasion of privacy big time
Please update so I can move it to my sd card because it takes up almost 140megabytes. I can't believe this. i have an lg optimus f3 aka the low storage phone and i cannot have hardly any apps so im stuck with really nothing, this app is not even worth one star
Oxygen
It so slow and boring
Good
After updating the app , it runs too much slow.  Even I cant make edit as well as cant see comments immediately with internet data package speed of 1mbps plan
Nice
Monni
Good.needs chat
FACE BOOK
Great app
Good
Very good apps
Social networking site. I enjoy being able to keep up with family and friends.
I dislike that i cant filter through my newsfeed like i used to i would like to see the most recent posts not what someone posted 4 days ago i look like a fb stalker liking someones posts from 4 days ago....please bring that button back that lets me filter PLEASE!!
Hope this newly updates never have glitches
At what point is it okay to access everyone's personal life whenever you feel like it?? I deleted the app. When I post statuses or respond to a message in my inbox, no one should be able to see my location or be able to call me without me giving out my number!! If you lose the majority of your customers, it's your own fault!! Your permissions are ridiculous! Whats the purpose of needing to access my photos, camera, location, etc.?? Get it together people, or you WILL lose your customers.
Facebool
This pop
This app can do and get anything it wants from your phone. Just sayin'.
Ok
Liked by everyone.
Love it
Very little storage on my tablet don't want messenger fix this
Superb
App keeps crashing and messenger takes forever to open
I only re downloaded this app because using it in the browser sucks. You guys require too much personal stuff of mine that has no business to you. Why should you have access to my text or mic and camera? Let me get hacked and I will blame Facebook because you guys are the 1s with the access to my info.
Image save nahi hoti
Its lucky its the only facebook.
Have Nothing But Trouble, But I Am Trying It Again.LAST CHANCE FOR IT TO WORK, OR I WILL BE DELETING.
After the update I couldn't see my news feed I can not see ANYTHING
No pudeser? Que siempre Pasa lomismo?,,,
IT SIS AWSOME
Awesum update.
It keeps saying facebook is not responding. And frzzing. And not working. Get an update to fix this please and thank you.
Ugh
I Like This FB App, But It's Too Large And My Phone Can't Download It .. I Should Delete Some Prog's.. I Like It Anyway :-)
Messanger take up to much room! Ahhh
Yea so gud
Pretty good
10/10 would bang
Hi
Why would you fckn force me to use that stupid messenger app if everything was working fine without it! Wtf? Stupid!!!
Me and me
Fb itz ite
Su
ABRAR
wanda Alexander
News feed wont load after the latest update have reported it still nothing done yet
Description
I love it
Bad
New stupid update that MAKES you download a separate app to read you messages. And it comes with a whole lot of privacy intrusions that you have to accept in order to get your messages
Greatest way to keep in touch with family and friends. Love it!!!!
Actually needs another app to do that wft
Not able to change my about the people I meet.
Fast and easy to use :)
See subject
Slow. Freezes.
Bappa das
Improve speed!
Loved it so much I use it all the time very convenient
Stop forcing us to download Messanger, make it the way it was before !
Bad version videos operated directly and sometimes I can't download photos
but i "need" it now.
Awesome App
Back button doesn't work which is annoying
Works really great
Ok i guess
I
why is it my Facebook is always shuttinq down ! Facebook is stop.Facebook stop! damm
Upgraded
Um. Bring back messager, jerk.
I do not want 2 apps i only want 1 make a fusin fb + messenger and leave it that way
Wonderful
Complete garbage.
I cant see d old chat on Facebook... Dis is d worst advertisement
This app contantly freeze, and exits the app. Everytime I share something,  the app freezes and then it kicks out of the app. PLEASE FIX THIS PROBLEM.
Finding it completely pointless to have a different app to message when it is easier to just message from one app. Please get rid of messenger app

V nyc
Fb
Can't download the app
The best
This app is error
Samsung S4, apps have been slow lately and it crashes constantly.
Since the latest update I have had nothing but trouble. It keeps freezing and force closing.
The notification section takes forever to refresh! You guys are worthless! Goodbye nsa snitching a holes! I'm done.
I told it not to update and it forced itself into updating without my permission. I am not happy and I HATE THE MESSAGE APP too
I won't install another app for an I app I already have.
Facebook
I'm giveing 3 coz of the separate messenger app. Make it together and I'll give you guys 5 stars.
I love being able to connect to my family members and friends but when it comes to an invasion of privacy I'm not OK with it. I have nothing to hide but it's the fact that what happens on my phone isn't anyone else's business unless I make it their business. Definitely not someone's business that I don't know. Thanks but no thanks.
Fb has gone to crap. Seriously.
Very good for communicating around the world.. keep it up.
Awesome!
Problem after problem I've been trying to install this app for like four days now abd ever time I download the app it keeps telling me to unstill it and Ihave and it still has not work so Idon't know what's wrong with it just fix this problem please
I do not understand, how, this garbage application,  gets 4 stars?
very usful
I don't get any birthday notifications. What's the point of Facebook if it doesn't remind me about birthdays?
Don't you think you can fool me with "faster", messenger takes 21mb, and you just want to read texts and listen to phone calls which I wont give you zucker access for. Put it back in the app instead, its already open and reachable with a swipe.
It sticks alot an sometimes need restarting
Hate it please restore the other message system.  I find it annoying that messages from fb pop up on the phone screen
I'll give more stars if you stop updating it when its not broken. After last update it takes so long to load posts/pictures and I almost never get any of my notifications.
Nice and beautiful apps
Fb helps.
Its Not letting like any post  that any of my friends Post On Facebook -.- i hate you guys must fix that!!!  Its Telli g Me I Been Blocked -.-
Not letting me sync my contacts any suggestions
Awesome
Surprised they don't make you install another app just to poke people. Why the hell do I want to install another app to message people? Give me a break. Be warned, its just so they have more permissions to access your personal information on your phone. Absolute trash.
Not to crazy about the recent update. Liked the old layout much better
Facebook is nice my Skype  ID naveed5501
It's Facebook bruh, enough said. Just a place u go to pretend u have friends and waste time.
Much better
Full
Best.
This new thing that Facebook has which is called "messenger" is really making Facebook really go down hill big time. I can't talk to my friends and family anymore because this "messenger" that Facebook has now is make me really mad. "For my opinion, I think "messenger" is going to drive people away for Facebook!"
Really it's work good
I am using the old version that works properly and notifies me of MOST RECENT events. Stop telling me to update to the new version that everyone is complaining about!
V gud
Islam
Keep having troubles when I have it on my phone.  Like using it though.
Everything is working fine.
good app but can be a little slow
Very bad cant use messenger
super
They do not respond when something is wrong. Facebook kept not accepting my password. I do not know why Facebook won't accept my password each and every time. I am uninstalling the app! What good is if it does not work? It sucks I need this for school.
...
I doesnt have chat
I should not have to use another app to message. With all the permissions it asks for, I might as well use my birth certificate to log in and my ssn as my profile pic. I will not be using messenger. Sorry.
Freezes up on new gs5
Can't play videos now. Thx. A lot...
Hate the constant changes to everything. Stop assuming you know what features I like and don't like based on your ideas of the future and statistics
Best place to talk to friends
Absolutely frightening
Good
Good because its good to talk to ur friends on
bad so bad
Good
It is stupid I use a different Google+ account on my Nexus 5, and it keeps trying to log me in with my Google+ account.
I downloaded the app but in the process of installing it keeps on telling me that " error in the installation process ERROR -24 my issue is the same as Bubba Bryan
sucks that I have to have messenger now
Superb
Ryan Jolly
Even if I have an older phone this should work better, am just saying with all the changes.
Awsome lol what else
Really,  an extra app.
This is really cool.
Freezes all the time, forces me to use Messenger. No thanks.
This app is getting stupid.& why u'r forcing us to get that massenger !! Fix that as soon as possible or u'll lose u'r customers.
Very bad!!!!!!, doesn't work right
Idk y they want me to install this for
I want rid if it but I can't uninstall it, DAMMIT BLOATWARE
Why cant i download it
But I would like to have "share in a private message" function on this app. Please do it possible. Also, please allow to review messages that go to "other" folder.
Constantly closes when I try to read a page for a business.
Facebook rocks! It keeps me connected!
The new messenger sucks. Before it was totally fine now it is very complicated not to mention that u have to download it separately ican't even read the messages!
ok
Had it a day and it still wont send a confirmation text to my phone so it keeps chucking me out! Pooooooooor
It is really good.
Pure hatred pretty useless
Beta versions are way better
Love this app
Wants to take over you phone it watches you at all times and records you when it wants.
Sick bro
Bad lost internet
Gayan
I dont like Messenger because it slows down your device and takes up tons of space. Yet, I am forced to use an app I really don't like. Please change this.
teu
:(
And Nice
To hell with this app. There is no way I will give over so much of my privacy just to read messages. Im going back to the browser..bye fb app
I hate that I have to download a second app just to read my messages. Space on my phone is limited and the last thing I need is the messenger app taking up space.
Now I can't see pictures on my wall from pages I like! Had to uninstall and use original version. Fix!
Now sucks
Imilda kalis
:)
For sho
Decent app
pfff
Thrower's
Not working on my Samsung Note II
Joyfull and Enjoyable
Sucks
I can not get Facebook to sync with the contacts in my phone any more. Please fix this!!
Refuse to use the messenger app
Even the Facebook app now wants total access to everything in my phone! Zuckerburg is selling everybody on Facebook out to the gpvernment
I love fb
I an early getting sick of the down hill spiral facebook is taking with their mobile apps. The navigation keeps getting worse and worse and now you have to use another app to read messages!  Facebook, listen to the feedback, most people don't likes this. Please bring back message in the main app.
Good
They say I have to download their messing app just to reply to them (my messages) when I go to look for the app in the app store, the app says it goes all through your phone. Call logs . ID cards. Different accounts connecting to your phone and takes random photos and videos. Where's the privacy .
Is the best
Nyc app
Slow!!!!!!! Somehow messes up wifi
All this app does is not respond and takes up way too much space. I deleted the app but couldnt use messenger so now im stuck with both fb and messenger. Guess ill be on the web version of fb. Sucks i have to waste space just to use messenger.
Muy x
Loved it
Your updates are terrible!! 3 in the past 3weeks now my phone constantly freezes and goes to black screen !!!! I have to remove battery every time! If your gonna update make sure they work before!!!!!!
Why another app??? Why? I'm not downloading it! Facebook is just ridiculous.
Nice fd
Not sure what happened when I updated the app, but links to outside websites won't load
Weird error on everything I try to open. Indicates too many redirects but worked before
Not even letting me open it!!
Not a great update I guess.. :( I love the old one..
Mark knows why
What are you doing to this app?? Do want to be the worst app for fb there is? It sucks now! I wish there was a way to un install just the updates. Y do you have to have messenger too? Makes no sence!!!
Lihat nanti aja....!
App
I m try to install but its show error too much time
.....  except today i can't take links.  I get a "loop"
Good
Ok
If I could give a 0 star I would not only did they make it to where u HAVE to download messenger if u want to have access to your messages but recently I can't even look at anything if I have to be redirected and I know it's not a issue with my phone because I have Internet connection and full signal this app keeps getting worse and worse I'm about to Uninstall it unless they do some serious fixing on itI don't care if I don't have an app for Facebook it's better than getting frustrated over it not working.
Decent
Keeps freezing up ugh.....
Fine
Ifacebook
Lol
I should not have to download messenger app just to get my messages. I should also not have to put it on most recent it should all be recent ! Noone wants to see the same stuff every day . It runs extremely slow and doesn't load have the posts . You need to shut down fb and start over with it the way it used to be when it actually did work . Thank you.
Please fix it keeps crashing then I'll give more stars
They fix ONE thing & THREE more scree up!  Now I can view any video links from my phone: "web page redirect loops" or such.  Quick screwing with FB!!!
Fix the redirecting when clicking an external link! This app sucks now.
Good fast to use
So easy and faster
It's good if you play lots of games so you can use Facebook to make a account
It's very good social media
I hate that we were given an ultimatum. Either dl the chat app to be able to connect with friends on the go or not see your messages until you sign in to a computer. No Bueno Mr Zuckerberg. Bad move.
Coo
Love it
Why should I download a separate app just to message people. Don't be stupid Facebook stop doing this crap and bring back messaging
Why can't I download Facebook.? And why I must download Facebook Messager?? What's that??
I can't see anything that redirects from Facebook at all. It keeps going to a page that says ypu can reload but once you try it just reloads that page and not letting the page I want to go to come up. Not a happy camper with it.
Nice
Hallo
You can't send messages from this anymore so now it's useless. And I sure as heck will not be using the messenger app for obvious reasons.
Facebook
Loved it.
No links will open.  They just have a redirect error loop
Love it
Sort it out, uninstalled it and reinstalled it and still wont load my news feed, pathetic 1 star, wouldnt even give that if i could
Hate it
I have issues with facebook but I give it 5 stars for being good over the years
Facebook kemunati+Android
Excellent.very good. Thnks
I can access my wife anytime i want
Until there's an opt out for using a separate app for messaging you get one star. F you.
Good
Cool
It makes my space in my phone go up!!
The apps are too large and its mandatory to download the msger.   Not interested in it.   Privacy concerns are an issue
This app was set not to update,  Google Play did it anyway.
The most Awsume app I know.
Im working with a 3G phone so........
Alomahmed.39@yahoo.cpm
Do like having to use another app for messages!
Nandu
Every time I try to click on a link on fb it says some reoccurring loop error...wtf and this messenger thing is ridiculous...I'm over Facebook!!!
Bbb
Stay out of my privacy.
It won't let me see my messages unless I install another app why is that necessary.  And its lacks privacy .
It was fine until they stopped messenger. I will NOT be downloading the messenger app!
Nice app
Why app is not working with 182dpi?
It takes forever to download... other than that its fine.
Excellent app
I never authorized an automatic update for this app because Facebook doesn't need to know my contacts or read my messages. I set the app so it could only be manually updated and lo and behold it's updated on its own. This is terrible and I'm uninstalling.
Cool
I like
I like it verry much :*
Awesome aap
can't upload pics except from my camera roll. why?
Links aren't working via Nexus 7 v2 nor via my HTC ONE M8. Just getting error messages re:indirect loops
Veryquick
Vvf
Great way to keep in touch
OK
Needs more color
Its a-okay

I loved
can save image on newsfeed and other stuff but not on messenger or messages.
It needs messenger to read the messages and the messenger takes up way to much space I and run Facebook and the messenger so fix that and I'll give you 4 stars for sure
Love it
Bring back Most Recent posts or RIOT. Also, links are not opening correctly anymore.
Much better then before
This app is better than going onto google and typing facebook this way is super easyer i recommend it
Rahul sinha
Messages are now moving to another app that I "have" to install just get them? This app already takes up too much space and now I have to install another app because its a must? For that I'll go on Facebook on the internet and uninstall this app
Stop$ after some time....:(
I can't tag people anymore with this version and it won't show pictures anymore when I'm using WiFi
I can't upload photos..please fix it.
Awesome
Love it
Good
~Terima kasih #
Lags a lot
Why does it need and all your information
They do everything they can to access your personal information
Wonderful Apps
Need inproving but love it :)
Good

Great
Love it
Not good enogh
Other than Baby Momma Drama this is a great app
Rashi
They need to take off the requirement to have to download messenger if you have the Facebook app. My phone has very little storage and with Facebook taking up a lot of my storage I can't update important apps. So either stop making us download messenger or make Facebook able to go onto SD storage. K thanks.
atleast works best when downloaded on google play than any other mobile site
Not only does this app eat up memory and require access to all of my personal outlets on my phone such as camera and microphone but the recent update tying messenger to it is just awful!  I removed the app from my Galaxy S4 but I will not be reinstalling it.  It's also extremely frustrating that I can't change my news feed to most recent.  Do not install this app Facebook is a joke!
The app does what I want, i. e., keeps me in touch with people I care about.
Medsa
Good
S4
Is cool
But download can't be completed
Constantly freezes
I like it cause i always use this and it is very convinient
Join it
This is the only app Ive had in a LONG time that constantly crashes... pathetic. Facebook, you want us to use this crap? Well then, fix it. Or have we been right all along and you dont give a crap about your users.....
It is an easy way to get in touch with friends and family:)
Mohamed
Ha mejorado bastante. An le faltan mas opciones. Al menos la de seleccionar varios grupos con quien compartir y no solo uno.
I can't download it..
READ APP PERMISSION!!!! It can access your camera and recording devices
I wouldn't fix anything its awesome
Really a powerful app...connects mind to mind and heart to heart! World is home now !
Good app
I really like and enjoy this program
I can't download the apps anymore
Yahi WO jagha hai jaha first tym Maine mootu se baat ki ... ;) :p.
But now my phone storage is low and i cant install it on my phone
Its ok...but it can consume a lot of your time
My about page isn't showing up at all...
I think the new messenger thing is kinda lame. It continually gets stuck on a comment and I can't view any other notifications.
Thanks
Is there a rating lower than 1 star?
Awsome
Good
Crap
Allawww app
Is running 5 days behind,waste of time latest update has no post button,when uploading a pic  with text.and now declares no Internet when there is
I don't need another app just for messages.... Really annoying to have & will unnecessarily take up space on my cell
I like it
Awesome application
This is a good app
the best app ever
Just wish it wouldnt crash so much. Please fix
Lol i cant send message without messenger... fu facebook
It is good b4 but now its always hang
Lu
Get rid of it
Just awsum lov it!!!
disaster....even worst now.  Cannot post anything
This FB app is great. But it will benefit from an easy Facebook Event Import function. For example, to Google calendar directly through the app. Should be an easy fix. :)
After new update, i had to UNINSTALL ! do better
Facebook
Very good app
take very long to load and always comes up with 'facebook is not responding, would you like to close app' apart from that, it's a great app
I will not download the new app you should really change it back.
I'm liking it so far
Bit hard to download another app for messenger
But some times it goes crazy
Loved
Messages and notifications of incoming messages are out of sync, for example I'll see a message available to read,  then read it,  then a few mins later I'll get a notification of a new incoming message but it turns out to be a notification for the message I've already read 5 minutes earlier
It's Facebook:D
I refuse to download the messenger app
Y'all wine too much Facebook works fine
This is just an amazing app and the new update is amazing! I love you Facebook!
Very nice  aap. I loved it
Freezes alot!
Needs features to clear search history in one touch ASAP!! Also timeline needs to refresh only when we choose to refresh. Currently the timeline refreshes by itself and goes to the latest post if we go out of the app and enter into it once again(like twitter's mobile app)
I hate u fakebook i dont want messenger.and i know i said fakebook.
To much hasle to get in.
Cool
Great
Bt da version consumes a lot of space
Hate the update even more.
Loved it
Dont like an other app for sms so plz fix that in one app
Fix it ASAP
I just love it. Makes Facebook surfing easier. :)
It's really faster !!!
Cool App
Im just happy that my "messenger app" is still giving me the option to stall it out with the remind me later button. Other than that it's all gravy.
Sucks
Its so slow and force closes all the time plus it takes up to much space
I'm happy fb user,.. but currently removed it Because take alooot  resources,...  :) thank you
App permissions allows fb to spy on you. Read the app permissions carefully before you download or enable on your phone. I disabled it on my phone.
BS that they "need" to access all parts of my phone
Edit initio gnu thigh Kimi ore kinda Kimia Jimmy Kincaid ashen
It is kind of weird experience to have a separate app for messaging! Please bring back Messaging to Facebook app
Yay...facebook app
Now we are forced to download this stupid messanger app, what the hell?! I'm so done.
Where the hell is 'most recent' on news feed??????? Im seeing everything from days ago
Facebook app
If you haven't updated, don't!!! Videos don't play correctly anymore and the newsfeed keeps jumping back to the start when you are in the middle of reading something. App used to feel streamlined and now just seems clunky and slow. Also don't like having to have a separate app for messages. Think of it this way, the app used to run like fibre optic broadband and now we have gone back to dial-up, in other words it used to be good and is now useless and infuriating!!!
My pictures won't upload, grrr, FIX IT. Tried to upload one picture 7 times, it will upload. PLEASE FIX IT. Only happening since today.
Some idiots made a decision to force us to use a separate Communicator app instead of messaging in Facebook. The app requires all rights and access to your phone which opens up some major privacy issues, adware, spyware, and malware potentials. I may just get rid of FB altogether if they are going to be that idiotic. Do they really believe all of us could be so naive?
F** this. I don't want separate app for messaging.
It's a cool and awesome app.
Facebook
I hate all the updates and the fact that I have to download a separate app just to read my messages.. nope. No thank you!!
Hiphip
It
The Facebook program its very good
Worst update
Nvm ill just unistall and use facebook fast pro for sure.all in 1 easy to use
What is wrong? I usually have no problem being able to download this,but now it says insufficient space. What is up?
Yes I like this app. But I don't want your worthless sneaky messaging app so stop pressuring me to download it or I'll delete this app and my Facebook account!
I am loving it
Good
I turned it on went to sign up I put in my details and it said we can not sign you up or something like that.I have seen work really well on other my relatives phones
Hayat786
M
It is real good for me to use
Anfal
I hate having to go into the "my feeds" section to have my wall be in chronological order, that's just stupid.
No I don't want to download Messenger because I hardly ever use it.
This really sucks slow and never down loads all of the story's.
By trying to force me to install facebook messenger, an app I did not need at all, you have forced me to uninstall the ordinary facebook app as well.  Goodbye!
Hi
Its crashing too much now and taking so much of memory guys
I lov 2 read this app and enjoy unlimited data by this app....
Its not working properly I am using nexus 5 its not refreshing the page. I already tried to reinstalling but problem is still there please do something
Facebook
Excellent
Very nice
forcing to download messanger is hopeless.
Takes long to download on s5
Love it
Good night
This is such an awesome app. It's so easy to use and I love it
That's outrageous.
I'm good with facebook Messenger I don't know about
I love it
Note2
,
its a lovebale app loved it and its very fast
I can't turn notifications off on posts now.
Cab
Nice
Uninstalled the app -- took too much power &  too much space on my tablet ! Privacy problems are obvious !
Force close, error and the last is I do not want to install facebook messanger. Make it easy guys..
long time im not chat in facebook
I refuse to reinstall.. smh so back to the slow version it is..
Good
The worst app in my lyf!!!!!:/
Excellent
,
Jignesh
I can't open it.  I can't read the message. It's always make my post status delay.  PLEASE FIX IT AS SOON AS POSSIBLE.
Even news feed cant load
Read the title again
Facebook needs to get a grip with this update its well out of order. You come out then Open it again 10 seconds later and you reading feeds from 2 days ago. Rubbish update.
Garbage !
I like
COOL app!!!!!!
Poppin
The developers should also keep it in mind that this app supports n runs smoothly on all devices including ones with low RAM !! Thank you .
Love it
Rawas
I am using Facebook four years but I think good Facebook features created
App takes up so much storage
Good
New update sucks.. freezes and doesn't load multiple force closes.. can only use factory installed fb app. HTC one
Its good.
Genius
Ok
Fun for me and my friends
Nice spp
It facebook wat u exspect fmoig@demarco_boss
Just loved it
Soooooper
I want messages back. Uninstalling till then.
Nice
It's a fantastic app
Rob
Still missing all my contacts info after experiencing mobile problem but will work
Whenever I message to my friend it doesn't respond at all. Messenger is also not working with it. No photo uploading is done. Also keep on telling that connection error. So fix it for 5 star
Cool
Not allowing changes that I want. Not simple to understand. And Facebook is forcing this messenger or no personal communication with you friends no more, once you decid you don't want it.
Ok
Good
Facebook its really brilliant to get in touch with your friends and family
Osm!
Love it
Facebook

Non stop video crashing on the Z2 getting seriously annoying on andriod. The guy who decided to seperate the chat app. IDIOT, cant look at messages from now on as I refuse to download a separate app thatvhas access to your personal data on the handset 
Facebook is always crashing even more with the separate app for messages and I have no idea why I am even "updating" instead of "uninstalling"
Time pass
Very good but freazed
Hang in samsung sets... under 15000
Upset your forcing us to d/l messenger. My friends have my number so they can just text me
I really don't see why I should have to download another app to see my messages and if I can't see my messages in the main app anymore then I SHOULDN'T BE GETTING NOTIFICATIONS FOR MESSAGES I CAN'T EVEN CHECK. This is ridiculous. There's no way to get rid of this stupid notification and so I'm just deleting the facebook app all together cause I'm fed up :)
I have a massenger prblm I cant chat with anyone either I dawnload fb massenger but it doesn't work work plz fix it
Don't like the fact that I need to use mobile web version to access my msg. I am not going to use msg app, fb gets access to all of my data. Not happening
Its not safe and I can't get into my account
Loving it
nice
Keeps forclosing. Fix please
Zuckerberg is good in programming. Just look at that.
Im gay i love voy
Love dis apps, but some time it use to hang so much.. cant even log in..fix it..
Each time I try to add a photo it says failed to upload file
the facebook app is getting heavier with each update which makes my phone lag everytime i open it. also, with each update it's taking up more space and requires more data. the facebook messenger is also too much of a hassle because it adds up to more space & data. please facebook enough with your fancy updates. things had been working on smoothly the way it was before. the app is fast becoming a nuisance. thus, making more people to opt in accessing their facebook accounts with mobile browsers.
I'm not installing TWO apps to use one website.  Ill reinstall when you stop forcing your messanger app.
Wow
Lovely apps
Seems to have been working well for a while now!
Thanks
feeling awsome with facebook
The new update doesnt send notifications to my phone or update on.the app very well.It also doesnt show me notifications on the app. I hate that i have to use the list to see the most recent news feed. Also videos no longer play on facebook all I can get is the sound. The whole update is terrible and has me seriously wanting to delete the app all together.
I am not prepared to download 2 seperate apps in order to access my facebook account.this is utter bullshit ...please sort this out asap
I hope after I re install this App it may work well...!!!
Love this app
limits your privacy completely! it has access to your whole phone, camera, contacts, messages! where are the limits?!?!?!
I can't properly use. Speed is very slow. .
Babu .......................
Farxaan 33111
You already know why.
Too invasive.
So slow It doesn't even deserve 1 star. Sort it out!
Its a nyc app..
Super awesome
Mohamad aslam
Hassainar
Best
Finding girls
Friends
Love it!!!
Good
Very gud..
It makes my phone fresh alot
On
baaaad
They have separated out Facebook messages, now requiring that you install messenger for Facebook. Which I would be fine with, except it is also an MMS app and requires far too many permissions. No thanks.
Good
This version is very slow....
Bakwas

Everytime hang please solve this problem then I will give 5 star
Awesome smartphone app, very easy to handle nd superb interface.
better than the previous one because i can save the photos in my phone.
I will not download a separate app for messenger. That is so inconvenient! Shape up Facebook!
117 mbs!  Are you guys freaking crazy?!   Fix this it is ridiculous!  You only get one star!   Another thing, why don't you fix the feed it doesn't load right anymore!    LG F3
I download new update
Some kind of slow app
Now I can't even see something for 8 seconds and it say Facebook isint responding and it's not my phone I got it new!!! Yesterday gs5
1number
Nice
Excelnt
Its always crashing! I don't know why?!

It stops a lot though
Previous version was much better.this version is very slow. Uploading taking much time.improve it
;)
It's a love channel
I really dont like the terms and conditions, they force you to give up your privacy through giving access to your phone functions not cool!!! Slow working and takes up to much memory on my phone. ....
M J Khan
I now can not turn off auto update and this app is a pos with this update.
Why do you need access to my contacts, which wifi is available to me, my camera, microphone, text messages, call log, other apps, etc.... Uninstalling and not re installing!
No komen
Whenever i use facebook, I just keep on waiting for yhe moment when it responds.. i dunno why but from last few days facebook on my phone us not responding.. i keep on w8ng fr friendrequests to be open.. and comments on my photo to gey open.. bt this retarded app is nt working..!!
Superb and its free!
Good
Fantastic App
Good app
I use 3g network then also everytime it shows that error loading news feed
Good
Good one
Vaghani
Videos are not playing. Whenever i tried to play the videos which posted in my wall the facebook app simply quit to desktop.
Facebook is a creeper. New messenger app wants to look through all my stuff and takes up too much room. No thanks.
Nope. You're gone too.
Not loading anythn on my timeline. Uninstalled it twice. Thumbs down to u facebook
You are keeping on updating this app... But how come therese is no option to hide status on specific person or group.. That i have to go to the browser version first... Please add or fix this....thanks!
We cant even copy ant next from  it
Its lagging too badly on my sumsung galaxy mini2 armv7 and when i open it it take 3min to open and while scrolling it make spike lag so plz fix it
Nyc app awwssssmmm
I DO NOT want to download another app just to message ppl. Waste of space. There should at lease be an option to us it or not.
Has not worked for a couple days. I have uninstalled and re installed. Still not working!!!!!!! Fix it no Facebook all day! Crashing constantly!!
Easy processing
No
this app. currently takes up a ridiculous amount of space on my phone,  and having a separate messanger only added to this problem.
Cool
The fact that we need facebook mesanger to see our messages is like wtf really
Facebook
Great
Love it
Protest against Israel
But stuck
Like
I refuse to download messenger, that's stupid
I can't even log off to sign in to another account
so much
Love it
Wont let me access my about page
Osum application
Way more limiting than necessary, compared to my computer version.
2.3
Good
Its very nice update of Facebook I just love it.
Cant open pictures. Cant do anything. Just shows a loading screen.
This is tooooo slow app my inter net is 3g speed but wen I open this app in my Nexis 4 it will bee vvvv slow.but wen I open any other thing in my cell it will bee solo speed . plz chick the problems and change it .
Thanks
This new updates a just crashing my phone n takes hell of a space...
Loved it
Facebook has been keeping my family and close friends even closer. I appreciate it. I do not have any Facebook drama cause I can block it. lol
Restore the messenger feature in a standalone application or else. You seriously do not need the right to view or edit my SMS/MMS messages, stop trying to be a NSA Sponsored project.
It is good apps for use Facebook.but now not sport view to map how  can we know my friend is where?
Last update ruined everything... :(
It's just ok
I don't want separate AP for messenger. Please stop forcing me to add!!!!
Pan

To many permissions uninstalled
Nice
Good
It sucked
good
When i try to update it, it always unsuccessful and when i want to comment on my friends' status, there is an error. I hate it so much and better find the solutions!
nice
ab.kashem
Still improvement need....
Sherinshabu
Awla
Good
A wonder making the world more small
We can upto date the thing around us
Its great having fun wid my friends.and all over the world.
Nice
New version is too slow
Awesome
Itz is supub
This app wants WAY TOO MUCH private info, no longer lets me use messenger inside this app forcing me to use the web or download yet another app for messages and it really slows down my phone.
Good
Super
Plz updated version plz send it immediatly
Bring our inbox back! It is awful to make us use messenger by force! I don't want it. I just want one app to use everything. Big mistake making the change! Also, please make it to where we can move and  organize photos from album to album, and change each individual album privacy setting.
It was bad enough that we needed a second memory sucking app in the form of pages manager.  A third for messaging?  No thanks.  And the privacy concerns were the icing on the cake.  I'm deleting all Facebook apps and will use the Web page on my phone.
Good
Nice
Very nice
Switching to browser. If I can't view my messages in the main Facebook app then I'm DELETING IT.
Facebook is no mre what it was meant for......I can't send or rcv msgs to my frndz if I dnt install messenger..........dis thng is not done..........plz fix it or there is no use of having an app jus for checking my posts when I can do that even thru my browser
Utter Waste app
there is a small problem in facebook it sometimes get stuck
Muhaa
It is fine but need more privacy controls by the user
After the latest update my fb is not responding. It used to open quite fast before. Now there is just loading and loading...... Please fix this.
Three lovely lady's
Very nice app..keep updating..its getting better and better.
Kallieihlati.coza
Crashes all the time now
Web version is better!

Recent update crashes application
Update
I dont like the new update version of fb and Masanger ...earlier it was good...
Nice app
Its a great
Great
System very slow process...
Every thing on one platform
Good apps
Awesome
When I like status or picture it doesn't actually like it . When I reload the page than I have to like it again .plz fix this
Great
Yes
Connectivity
Samsung grand
I hate the way that i need to download another app just to read my message. Fix that and you'll receive 5 stars from me. Tia!
Nice app. ;)
Facebook
Good app
Love it
Love it...

More power and god bless,..coz without facebook I can't see my long lost family and friends
I Really Love It
Don't force to install your messenger app.I don't want that.
Amgng app
Best Social Networking Application ever!
dont like the new update at all it sucks i was happy untill my fone changedi ts update settings and made me update with out knowing until now
I am not going to download another app just to chat with friends
Fine work
Whenever i open any page on fb to see posts it shuts down .... only first post shows and if i scroll down fb shuts down....  Plz fix this problem Plz dont try worst version
I cant chat with my friends becoz it show I need to install messenger app.Please fix this.
Good app for most part
Getting better, not eating up so many reasons now
Best
Plzz fix the problm man...
Nice app
Can't understand only one thing...IT IS UPDATING every day!that's amazing!what is there in this app needs so much updatings?! And you can also think about making different apps for photos and news,as it was made for messages.
All apps
F- DON'T use it UNINSTALL ASAP Protect your PRIVACY
Best Social media

Messages dont work at all
Very good app
Please add privacy for profile pictures
Verry beautiful
I love facebook
I want new storys!!! All I'm seeing is old crap from dayysss ago!! Facebook, your literally killing yourself. Where's the next big social app? Cause this one blows now.
Now a days it starts to lag ....and feels unresponsive ...and it really annoys me ..fix that ...u get your 5 * ,,,,, Galaxy note 2
I like it
LOvLY
It alwaz shows tht plz check ur intrnet connection althought connection is first class
Thik hi h bhai ..kaam chal jata h
STOP forcing me to get messenger! I don't want it. Now I cant even we my messages from my phone! Fix itt!
Bt nt wrkin 0roperl
tibet
Awesome
Pure bumluvin tootes poooopey
Good
Nice
#uninstall
Dilipkumarjain
Y u made fb messenger mandatory for chat, is it for publicity. If s den its very bad idea FB. First of all ur fb app is eating my mobile memory now u want me to install messenger, no ways.. I hav to think abt it as my mobile is of low configuration & it startd freezing alot after installing messenger. Uninstalled Messenger, will Uninstalling FB app.
Will not download another app for that.
Fb mkin mju
Nice
Out of the blue it would close me out constantly I would give it a five when its fixed
Fan
Can't read messages
Hower I cngv 4.5/5
I jst got my phone updated to android 4.4 kitkat now whenever I try to download it says incompatible update..... I mean Wht.... Facebook give me an answer to my prblm...
best 100%speed
Coz they say that we have to install the fb messenger also!! And it takes all the ram !!
This application is not working properly, a message pops up again again showing no net connection though the network is in its full swing . Moreover facebook  is not supporting messaging Please fix this problem
No issues here got a brand new Galaxy S4 and this works wonderfully with my phone!!
You need to simplify Facebook this is the only app that crashes and freezes my phone and the messenger app does the same thing!! And my phone is running on a 1.2Ghz quad core! Its able to run real racing 3 without trouble! So i don't see why Facebook takes up more ram memory to run!
Love it
My new feed there are post from 2 , 3 days ago and it can have the post from today
Invent something by which we can find people simply
Always an error loading your news feed and you have to have a separate message app!
I love this app .....it's wonderful.....
Not supported content
Excellent
Fitna # 100
:)
Crushed randomly.
Ever since i updated.. Facebook is not getting connected with the internet for some reason.. All my other apps are working perfectly with the internet.. I am unable to use Facebook app now because of internet connectivity problem... Please fix this for more rating
I can't seem to have the option of allowing or do not allow post option anymore through mobile app. Is a hassle that I need to keep track of my activity log to change to setting. Please fix it.
god is our hope
Great
I downloaded the last update and facebook app is so slow ever since. Forced to use it browser. Pls fix it ASAP..
Im not downloading another app just to read my messages. The app takes up to much room and the things it asks permission for ridiculous!
Excellent
i love this socmed
It's very gud apps..
Y do i hve 2 install messenger to view messages.?another app not required..
Best for time pass
nice
I love Facebook
Family & Friends :-)
Eff you facebook if I could take stars away from you I would!!!
Thiking good apps
<3
15 10 198
It's keeps on saying session expired
Ever since the upgrade i can't watch videos and so it crashes.LAME!!!! And all the other issues peeps are reporting...come FB your better than that....i guess
Top verson
The search friends option is now more difficult to use.
Good social app....
Suffering time is more
Nice app
I Love it very Kool
Bad
Fine
:D
Its very slow. there are posts that i thought it was posted but when you check back on it its not there.
Very nice
Worst experience!!! Fed up from this application!!
It freezes r it stops
Loves fb
Lovely apps
The page keeps loading with me being able to see just few posts. Fix this.        - Moto G user.
Good
You can contact friends without using credit
everytime i exit the app it starts my news feed over. and the main feed it gives me is extremely annoying because it shows me random posts and some are from days ago! i hate this app.
WHY.ARE YOU NOW FORCING THIS APP AS PREINSTALLED.APP.THEREFORE NOT ALLOWING TO MOVE TO SD CARD WHICH IS HUGE SECURITY RISK IF PHONE IS LOST, STOLEN, OR ACCESSES REMOTELY WILL HAVE FULL ACCESS TO YOUR.FB.ACCOUNT
Nice worker
Very much cool
Most user use in Facebook is good
Bad update
Keep eavrything real!!!
App is good but has connection problems and its too big almost 100 mb after it instal please do something about it
Keep shutting down
Hello Big BROTHER! Nice to meet you!!!!  This is outrageous!!!!
It is waaaw....
I love it
I don't wanna download messenger..
Fb
a
3 star only this time..just cause I cant stand your invasive" messenger app
A bit slow but a great app.
Y u created messenger  it takes lot's of data it's irritating about messenger
Non riesco a scaricare facebook....
Time pas
Why are there always problems with Facebook? Shows "Not responding" after a few seconds and I have to shut it down. Argh. Nexus 7.
After the messenger function was gone I decided to delete facebook from my phone and start using my MB's for more important apps.
Good app
JUST SO SICK!!
Latest update seems worst.. Loading.. Loading.. Always loading..
Fix it use alott CPU
Very good
i'll give more stars when youu can stay open for more than two mins
Facebook is the Best Application Where You Meet Old and New Friends And Families Around The Globe
Heavy app
Try to make this app better it keep shutting down
Its alright but needs to load more faster
,
Fucking suddenly closing automatically.... And I don't want to install messenger.. For reading messages...fixxxxxxx
Worst performance for the past few days after the recent update. News feed is not getting updated.
Great to find our childhood friends
Super
Not impressed with having to be forced to download this awful app just to read my messages. Waste of space on my device. Also with Facebook being able to record and have access to everything else on my phone? Come on now..
It seems ok so far
Abdulwahid
Luv dis
This app already take so much of space and so does the messenger app
As of August, the same thing is still happening. Pics don't show up most of the time. This is extremely annoying, and kind of defeats the purpose of using Facebook if I can't see the pics or post anything.
Money baby it so cool yeah
Keeps on loading the page , even i have 3g connection and all other app is working fine.
Best and best
Very good
Many times this app crashes, doesn't respond, won't update my feed, and now with messenger... Ugh. Way to suck Facebook and abuse the privacy of so many people.
Its gotten a little better. The only thing that's annoying is it won't load & it says I'm offline but I'm not. I have mostly all the bars & its connected to 4g LTE. Fix that plz.
Awesome
Allows quick and easy fb access!
Im not downloading the messenger bullshit...
I cant even update it.. it s always saying Error.. what kind of mess are you guys creating?? Do something.!!
I have alot of friends that I cant see their about stuff! What is the deal with this? I used to be able to see it and now it just all of the sudden stopped! They havent blocked me or anything so what's the problem?
Nice aap
Okay
How are u
What happened to privacy?
the updates are terrible. not a fan of fb msgr. stop imitating other chat apps
Love you
More room for improvement...I wanna know where to find the albums of a group I created in the app.
This should not have to use Wi-Fi
Will not use it
It use too much data.  Why does it play the videos that I scroll up on my screen when I don't even click them!?  Then they stopped the messaging to force you to use their stand alone messenger.  But they keep the notifications to play those silly games that people send you. =-(
Better than the older version. Still needs connectivity improvement.
Why do I HAVE to download the msn??! U should let choose not obligate everybody. I refuse to downlad an app that I barely use and its taking space and just mAking my phone slow. Wth!!!
Wonderful
I want to know why this app won't sync with my tablets calendar!??
Sofia  Calderon
.it always takes me out, in my update android kitkat. So i gave it 1star, when theres a coming message for me, it always crash! Grrrrrrr. Plss fix this!
Good but slow
What do you mean?that messages arent goin with out messenger till its gud app
Insufficient memory storage error came... How to install it..:(
its fine app
bad
Hated messenger before, still hate it
The app is terribly slow and buggy. It is a pain to get any feed on this, specially on slower edge connections. Uninstalling it
Worthless app now that you can't use for messages. Uninstalled.
It has become very slow in responding . Disgusting !
AaAaaaaawwwsome new update and everything
Why force us to use messager?..i dont want use it..just give it back...you have sell our private information then now controling us...where is ur brain?
This has taken away my about so I can't edit any of my information and the mrs is not happy as we just got married
191
Good
I can't read my friends comments
No sirve
I can't stand Facebook... how hungry can you get. People use Facebook for job interviewing. People use Facebook for court cases.. it seems nothing is private these days
nice shoot
Doesn't update the same days feed & shuts off randomly.
Goodapp
I cant use check in option and status upload about feeling
This is getting ridiculous trying to force people to download a separate app to read their messages all while allowing you to have full access to their personal stuff. I will not download the separate app. Keep this up and I will uninstall Facebook all together.
Facebook is a cool app too get

I have not yet got new version... but just got updated so..
Goutam
Wtf..my news feed wont refuse..THIS UPDATE SUCKS
Shingdilwar
Awesome
Very handy in phone
Facesucks
Very Nice
After last update news feed is not getting refreshed...please fix the problem :( :( :(
love this .
I get to talk to my friends now a whole new way and meet new people
Cool one
OK not perfect by any means.
Most recent on newsfeed do not work even if I set it to most recent everything get mixed with old news    seriously   this is so anoying I am seriously thinking of removing the app and forcing us to use messenger     thumbs down
Keeps pressuring you to add more information for their own gain. Sells you out to ads for money. Constant invasion of privacy! Continuously changes your privacy settings to their gain! Over all terrible. Switch over to Google+, they treat you with respect!
Good  friends  meet &messages  pass
Good
I love it
Nic app
Proper
good app
Veerry good
Will Gud try this out  gay
Connection error
It's amazing
Good
I love facebook app.
This app used to suck, and for many years I just didn't use Facebook from my phone, but now it seems it's usable. Only big complaint, I cannot select text in outer people's posts. I have a lot of friends from other parts of the world, and i want to copy the list into Google translate... A direct "translate" action would be good too. Funny thing is, it both of there from the mobile website, and a lot of other good things, like seeing "most recent" feeds easily, or check messages without separate app.
Keeps me in touch with old friends that moved away.
Awesome
The best.
Fun
I love this app
I done just basic fb update and keep crashing and freezing my phone before I didn't have any problems I don't like it at all
Good app
Facebook is complete trash
Why we must instal Facebook messenger ...... ?
Its very good app for communicate ti our friends....
Like it
News feed isn't moving forward from 2 days...
:*
Chill
Good
FAntastic
It works awsome one my samsung galaxy s3 I love it I can chat and post status its awsome and is not a promblem on my phone
Needs more work o have to keep reseting my pass word
-'-
U do not need access to msg my camera or video when ever you like do you explain yourselves
Good Very good
Aung
Best
Why update the messenger forcibly?
it's a awosem  thing
X patut
Facebook new update is very worst.working very very slow
Awesome
Kabil a tarif
It to irritating, can't use messenger and not able to talk with anyone..
Very nice
Ew
Freezes up
You're going too far, Facebook. Like many others, I refuse to give my privacy for your useless messenger! And of course I will remove this apps from my android. Forcing people is to bad, especially in essential feature. If you go further, I will delete my FB account and hope many people do. Enuff said!
It is nice
I find it ridiculous that i can only use messenger to talk with my friends. My phone doesn't support that app. Please change Facebook back. I'm very unsatisfied with this "update".
Nice
B-)
Awesome
Just because of face book i can easily get connected with my frnds really great aap!
kit Kat
Im tired of my facebook getting hacked with no support from you guys really???
Very good
Exllent no words
It's good
Luv it
Nice
I like it this way to communicate all my friends wherever we are
Nice
Never load on time
Great app by zukerberg
Very good social site
its ok
Why the hell is this app asking to download messenger just to open messages....Really its the very worst act you did
Not happy I won't  download messager cause it wasn't needed in past.Uses to much memory......
Cannot play videos.   app for reading messages.  Jusy hate using it.
Mast
Good app
Stupid app can't even look at my messeges with ought downloading other app so they. Can spy on ur personal info
Nice
I don't want your great messenger
It is good social networking
This update sucks ! It slowed down. Videos will not play. Takes forever to update news feed. DO NOT UPDATE. Fix this or i will delete.
I won't download messenger A SEPARATE APP just to keep my facebook. The app was perfectly fine the last 847362830 times it was changed up. LEAVE THE SH*T ALONE ALREADY!! There is no need for a new facebook update 10 times a week!
Yeah not happy with this company in general
I can not opt out of auto update. Last phone I had updated Facebook app and the app took up too much space post update. I DON'T WANT TO UPDATE!
This app is still freezing my entire goddamn phone. Stupid. A multi million dollar company shouldn't take 2+ months to make their app function properly. Ridiculous. Get it together Facebook. Galaxy S5 user.
Not responding, can't tag, takes forever to load and not getting notifications when I'm suppose to.
Facebook is the coolest app ever take it from me I'm 15 years old!!
No ending life
I used to love this app, but today, it would not load even though I have a stable internet connection. I updated it and now the app loads but it takes 4 times as long to load a page or comments on a post. Also, I cannot access pages without the app force closing on me every time!!! It was working fine and now it isn't. Update: Now I cannot like posts on my news feed. Everytime I do so, they get unliked automatically.  Also I cannot post comments and I keep getting errors.  Fix the app!!! >:( -5*
Convenient
Omg I love this app
Gud
Uninstalling the app, don't like your new messenger requirement.
Dont want to download a seperate app for mesages
Its cool
Make friends is my priority, share great moments of my life to. I respect your comments, I expect the same. Advises are always welcome if you post in a respectful manner, I'll pay back same. Thank you :)  Have a great day.
Superb
Noisy app ;)
Bh
What happen? After updating to kitkat version my facebook app is gone! And i can't get it back! Everytime i try to download it says incompatible update. Please,please, please fix it!..i need to install my facebook on my mobile phone!
Hi every one
Silly now unless they add status updates to messenger
Can't view or send messages with this app. I want the older versions but can't seem to find them...just this one and I refuse to have to have messenger...it makes my phone slow, it freezes, it goes off to tell me this and that at the up most worst of times. The description of this app states that you can chat and send messages...but you can't without downloading the worthless messenger app. I refuse to have to need more than one app to run Facebook.
Thise is future
When I select "Sync with my existing contacts" it will sync the entire friend list instead of just the contacts that I have on u Im using Galaxy Note. Looks like too many people have the same issue and no solution yet.
Why does facebook need access to my camera and microphone?
WHY Y'ALL WANT TO BE ALL UP IN OUR BUSINESS? PERSONAL BUSINESS THAT IS! UNINSTALLED!! DON'T EVEN WANNA START ABOUT THE FORCING OF PEOPLE TO DOWNLOAD THE MESSENGER APP! GOOD GOOGLY MOOGLY! LOL
I love Facebook... but starting to feel different after the whole messenger app being a mandatory thing to chat with people is complete bs and a total invasion of privacy! You need to change that back to an everyday feature! Why do you need to know more than you already do about everyone in fb! Change it!
Its off the hook.just loving it
Smart and speed
Fix the Facebook authentication failed message I can't use the app because it keeps kicking me off
Nice but msging feature is too boring n disturbing
This app sucks it goes really slow and i have a good device can you update it. -_-
great
I love this application
my best note 3
Hmmmmmmm
Wow
Often getting error
Liked it
Just hate this.. Uninstalled third time.. Again showing error loading news feed..!! Please fix...!!

Nice
Vere good
After I upgraded. ..new feeds keeps on loading....even most recent view also keeps on loading. Kindly fix this issue immediately. ..
Kumar
I like apps
I use Vodafone 3G and still this app shows no internet connection or error loading feeds....even though my internet's connectivity is strong.
Has some glitches but overall I like it.  Keep it up facebook. Oh and fyi I don't like the messenger App at all
It helps u sign in to games like candy crush and u can text friends
Very good
Good
Stop trying to make messenger happen, its not going to happen...
Why are you update it... I have a problem...? Fixe the update please....
Good
im gonna uninstall this app for having to install messenger, my phone is already slow and messenger ALWAYS exits. Cant use fb because its making my phone so slow
The Facebook app is cool...I just dont like the idea of having to dl another app to view my messages....one fb app should be all that's needed
Giod
Nice
Awesome app
It crush many time...
After seeing that you can only disable notifications for a time period and not permanently for FB messenger, I uninstalled both the messenger and Facebook apps and I'm just using the Facebook mobile site.
Great to keep in touch with family x
Nice app perform
Its alright
All is well
Read the access!
with fb messenger becaz i cant install another app just to read my fb messages!
Facebook app 4 out 5 but having to install a separate app (messenger) to read messages and use more phone memory and battery usage takes it back to 2/5......
jay
What made you guys think we should have to download messenger to see our messages? That's a messed up move facebook!
To yu facebok
Good in deed
Gopi
Gud
Hi
Absolutely okay
chakwal
Since the last update , when i want to play a video and then i got "Cannot play video" Then Bamm!! I got Force close , please fix it , thank you.
Its always shotting down or not responding, so pls fix it.
To
veryyyyy Addictive 
This app seeks too much of your personal information.
Ok
facebook is very good app. please chat restart it is very valuble for facebook user.
Good and Excellent
Its a shit guys why is that it needs to go all the way upto 125 mb on my sd card and its way slow both this and messenger pls fix
We can easily give info to everyone it can be the purpose of the transfer of ur feelings ..news can also be shared and we can communicate with our family and friends
Super Performing after updated ...
I love it!!!
Sort it outtttt
I cant update my facebook
Duuh
Samrat
force close, force close and force close, too many update!!
Good
Can you guys please fix the news feed, I miss the most recent posts button, I don't want to read things people posted a week ago.
The new to slow old one better
Awesome
A run
Like facebook because it keeps me connected with a lot of beautiful people. I laugh more, read more, think better and receive an enormous amount of useful information regarding health & life issues. As far as this new msg app is concerned....well let's just say I can either take it or leave it.....my choice entirely. Facebook is a choice...I can use it or delete it.
Suck too late even to see pic it suckz
Very good
I Cant Upload Videos That I Have On InstaGram it keep Sayen Wait please Loading an Never Loads
So far so good
Nice
Loved it
Removed your app because your messenger app blows holes in Cheerios.
Takes TooO Much Phone Memory & Works Very Slow, Especially Opening Images & even Uploading...
"New looks/improvements" aren't necessarily that. After recent updates, I'm not sure the developers even use their own app. Most updates draw users' focus away from the app's purpose to relearn its usage: getting worse & worse; can't live w/it, can't live w/out it. Now it forces the notebook screen to rotate when I touch Photos on someone's main page. Why? Messenger is now separate & adds another 13M to internal RAM. "Improvements for reliability and speed"? Doubtful.
It's works its amazing how when I first tried it I understood everything it's just amazing thank you
Gud
Don't like the fact you have to download messenger to read your messages
Please...Please...Please...when I make a photo comment let me browse my device by folders not by photos. Becouse I have hundereds of photos on my device. And I don't want to scroll down all these photos to get an old one.
Bring back messages to this app. Don't force people to download apps they don't need!!!
i cant install facebook
X
I love it.
hogoh pahng
I will need to uninstall messenger. The app requires unnecessary permissions invasive to my identity.
Cooooool
I know my password and why?
Very gud App
Its nt connecting to any of games like hay day , candy crush saga  ,  dr. Driving
App
Aa666666
I don't understand why its cache keeps growing. Have to reset every couple of days.
Not bd
John
Facebook
Vinit nagar
Superb
The video autoplay is actually really annoying and it's a complete waste of data. The pictures stay on the preview size and resolution. And the worst part is, you disabled the chat to make everyone download the pop-up chat app... That app that lags my phone and interrupts what I'm doing or when I try to ignore  a group chat or someone. Certainly this app was better before
so funny
Its good
Robert
Slow working ...:(
Life
cari kenalan
Download a separate messenger just to read your message...???
Best app for communications with friends.
Ok
Is not uploading my photos...
Whos name
Very nice
Nice
I love Facebook
This app take too mach space that another app don't work....
Unable to play videos
Yeah done with this app. This is why Google+ is better than your crap
Stars
Very good
Best ever
In other words download this now!!!!!!!!
Can't complain, this new "having" to have messenger thing is bull but whatever
FaceBook mins LoveBook I thinc it's unlimethe star But i giv 100.0000 star Becous my 1st, date in FaceBook and  i love FaceBook. Thets my lovebook  Friends dawonlod this lovely and great LoveBook
I hate how apps don't show how much MB it takes now
bug and need to download messenger to message...  hate it...
Freezes alot and really wish i could play the fb games on my phone but won't let me. If u fixed that i would give it 5 stars.
FB... stop wasting resources on my phone just for messages.
Another awesome application from Facebook Co. But it lags ( nt 2 much ) 
Downloading messenger gives Facebook access to everything on your phone. As if It wasn't invading privacy already! I refuse to download an app for an app. Ridiculous.
I love this keep it up
Erased it, if you read what you accept them to access you are basically giving up your privacy. Great app to keep in touch but too many ways they violate your privacy.
It wasnt gettin stuck before.. i use note 3 lte version... even den the news feed isnt loading after the update... please fix it.. the update seems ti be faulty
I just love it
Ok
Interesting app
More options to  develop. ..like going  wall directly from message. ... ect ....
new facebook
Pics and videos wont load, links to sites i always go to wont load the sight, what the hell man, thought this was getting better not worse
Awesome
Facebook is sometimes funny I can never stop being on it 5 stars like a boss.
Pramesh
Because it help me to communicate my family
Thanks
You want it sending a map of your exact location without your knowledge to your recipient.  Don't doubt it will turn this feature on.
We are forced to download the crappy fb messenger. Srsly fb messenger is just a junk added to my phone.
I loved it
App is now slow and crashes often. Updates to this app suck.
Great
It is very use full we can chat with our friend I like it very much
Fun
Its awesome so far.
Nyc app
It has become too slow since my last update... nd is always telling me error.. tap to retry
Excellent
Bhb
Worst app.....
I like
Well
Superb....this app automatically closed....any solution
I cant play videos from Facebook through my phone. I have to go on the computer in order to watch them
facebook is awesome
That inox outsourcing is bullshit!!!
I lov thr
Videos are not playing some times
Sucks
the new update is d worst i could ever imagine..it takes long tym to load & d if anyone msgs me,i receive d msg too late after 2 hrs..hate dis update
Excelent
Very good
Fucking app...
Too slow!!
Pswa
I mean really .... how much memory do you think I have in my phone ... what good is the app if it runs slow with lots of crashes
This is cool app
Soo cool app it is runing like bugatti on my samsung s4
Nice ui. Much improved. But still requires a lot of improvement.
Not only is the messenger app violating your privacy, but the facebook app is also doing the same. Just checked the app info on my phone and it was the same violations as the messenger. Just deleted it completely off my phone.
Binish
Its not responding in my phone -.-""
Has anyone took the time to look at the permission details before accepting the terms & conditions?
Nice app
So nice
Awsm app
Hate the look, and now I hate the fact you are forcing us users to download the messenger app. It does not make things simple nor easier but more complicated. This app already takes up a lot of memory space and it is not fast. I don't want to see top stories in my newsfeeds and I don't need another app just to private message/chat.
Facebook app has not been working properly.. it stalls then shuts off. Same with facebook messenger. Can u please fix it?
Like everyone else on the planet, I don't need/want to use two apps. Goodbye Facebook.
Lovely
Works perfectly dont like how u now have to download messenger but other than that its awesome!
Yuva
good
i alaways open my acc from that app,  and it loads but then write a msg with check yr internet connection while um using another app? which works good  i am on nerve with that shit
Plain and simple. Nuff said.
888
Pls fix this u always ad. Fb messanger in my messages. I really hate. Learn more?! WTH!! I hate it!!!
This application is not working properly, a message pops up again again showing no net connection though the network is in full swing . Moreover facebook  is not supporting messaging Please fix this problem
The app was great before.  It did everything I wanted.  Now with having to download the stupid extra messaging app just to do what this one used to do perfectly fine, so that it can chew up more of my ram and provide no benefit at all. Seriously guys what are you thinking? Reach friends faster, what one button click.  Loads faster. Get it together Facebook.
Love it
Nice
Why, Zuckerberg? Why?
Clarity app
This is very good app
What a great app!!!!!
Tooooo slow.... Takes a lot of time to login.... too slow....first was still better version....
Nice aap I have use this aap. And control fb is easy. So I gave it 5 Star
YOU DONT NEED ALL OF THIS
Superb app
Such a big co. and you can't build an app without bugs and crashes ! Its slow ! Sad :(
I REFUSE to dl another app just to get my messages. Expescialy one that gives the ability to record and monitor all private calls. I will delete my profile first. For now I'll just use the web version. Deleting All FB apps off phone and tablet.
The messenger is very inconvenient! Can't receive messages anywhere. This was a horrible up date! !nd it wants more access to all my info to download. Highly unsatisfied!!!
Mast ha
The Facebook app is by far the worst offender on sucking down battery and data. Even with that the app is still laggy most of the time.
This is very good thing
Good
We need to chat from it not force us to use massenger,also more privacy
Dryness
Gr8 Fb Team Very Good Ap But Need Some Imp Addition Like  OneTouch Status Copy & Paste As  Like Twitter Then I Thing App Can Be Better Friendly
Cant play videos.
Can't uninstall on my phone and fb is to controlling of my phone!
With 500,000+ users, u guys really don't have better software developers? Plz spend money to improve ur service.
Keep on logging me out
Not only is the facebook app getting more and more unusable with each update, but now you seperate the messages so we have to download even more storage using frustration.  What next, seperate apps for photos and chatting. Its beyond ridiculous.
They take pictures and videos of you without you knowing. And go through your pictures and SMS messages with your confirmation  Read before you download. I'm deleting it and using the browser for Facebook instead .
VI
Good but sometimes slow
Honestly Facebook, this whole idea of removing messenger feature sucks. Maybe with a separate messenging app users can have more features, but with those budget phones there are only lags and it takes forever to run two apps at the same time. So stop forcing us to download one more app, you really don't want to lose more customers
Why seperate app for messaging
Arrghh ever since I updated FaceBook  , it continuously crashes. Like all the fuckin time.
Xceptional
Gud app
Please re model the UI as you have done for the messenger app...
Its ayoba ness
nice!!!work good for me thats why I gave 5
Controls / link don't work for reporting problm.  News feed stuck on one setting ..."most popular" no controls present for "most recent"   If I could give a rating of - stars I would award -5.  Messenger isn't making my Facebook app run better. It now hangs as result!  Won't load applet on my phone....ever!
Aarath
It is good but sometimes its doesn't show some images.plz fix this
Other
It says wot it said on the tin.
Now that I updated everytime I go to my Facebook app it doesn't respond and it made me install messenger to see my messages and I hate messenger, it does nothing but freeze also!!! Wish they would fix this stuff like they did when Facebook first came out!
Hey so today is my birthday and this thing happens every year on it. People will start posting to my time and it will say 10 people posted... but will only let me see 3 of them. Id like to thank the people that posted but cant see who they are. Please fix this
App
Facebook
Not loading in my nexus 4 after the last update
Love it
Darshan psy
Nice application, however speed is still a concern
Works fine for me. No complaints
Very nice app. But loading more time
Awesome
i love fb
I want it back
Its not bad 4 funnd new friends.
Unable to remove it... Really starting to hate Facebook
Best app
Love!!!!
I'm not wasting space on an another app just to see my msg. Leave it as before.
Ok
Awesome
This app is too low it takes a hour just log then every 5 min it goes out of app so no not a very good facebook app I have seen better
Facebook is very cool app.
Please stop forcing people to install that st*p*d messenger. You should let the users decide what they want!!! Grrr... irritating! Makes me want to uninstall facebook, and just use my browser!
All picture
News feed not updated,
Superb
Awsome
It works wonderful
I really hate this new version of facebook... tsk so disappointing
Gamd
good
Messenger f that not downloafin another app to message bye fr ever
After years of FB being a part of our lives, I can't help but feel that they're overstepping their bounds BIG TIME with these permissions, for both this and Messenger. Recording us, having access to virtually everything on our phones, sending them wherever they want under the guise of "better targeted ads"? I don't think so. Facebook has moved away from the honest company it used to be in favour of greed and power. Complete breach of trust... uninstalled! I'll be using my phones browser from now on
I want my Inbox back
Nice
This app sucs
But sometimes it gets stuck and so you have to wait untill it restarts which is very annoying.
I hate the new Face book always freezes & why the heck do I wantvto download another App just for messages it is stupid & NOT faster. Ready to delete Facebook altogether
good
Jhakaaaassss
loved it
Please fix because I just upgrade android 4.4.2 on xperia e1. I can't it many times to download it.
Last recent update I've nothing but problem. news feeding won't load properly. & sending report to fb after some time bug report sending message. please solve problem .last two updating start a hanging problem. lots of RAM used. please solve.
Best social app
Cbn
Just like many of the other reviews.said I think that it is just plain stupid that we hv to use a messanger app now. Qe should be able to just retrieve our messages just like befpre
i Love Facebook
grrr
Itz gud
What nonsense app only add of fb messenger. ...
BS MOVE WITH MESSANGER.. BUT ON THE PLUS SIDE AFTER I READ THE PERMISSIONS ON MESSANGER I CHECKED OUT THE FB APP PERMISSIONS AND THEY WERE ALMOST IDENTICAL... SOOOOO UNINSTALLED FB APP ALSO.. JUS RUN IT ONLINE..
Lin
Simpatiku Lagjes
Best app
It has poopy pants.
NO MORE
Love facebook
Good apparently
Yahudi israel bodoh
Lan te wajoh...
Access to my whole phone!? Including my text messages, SD card and tons of other stuff? What!?
Ever since I updated this app it keeps crashing and I don't receive all of my notifications. Not happy with it at all now because it really is pure crap now. I can be searching through posts in a group and the next thing I know I am back on the main page because of some glitch in the app. Please fix this thing and FB or you will find that FB will become obsolete like MySpace. We will just move on to something else.
Why should i download MSG
Allows people on Facebook who do not have your # to call and wake you up
Now I have to download another app just to read my messages? Can't even give me the option, it's just required to download a new app.
It's simple to use but too slow in 2g
i test if ok thank you
No regular "Recent view" for news feed
New messenger is nagware, app has too much access to device. Uninstalled
I am very upset with the amount of space Facebook is hogging up on my phone. Now i am being forced to download messenger too... man something has got to give. I actually deleted the app for a couple of days but here I am back.... u need to make some adjustments.... my phone is full and doesn't work right when I have no free space available at all....
Liked it
Presley
Best
Good staff
Thnx nice Facebook
I like this
Super
Horrible waste of time, gives people the idea they don't have to make an effort to be your friend. Besides that, app rated poorly because it sucks, I hate all the updates and adds and that messenger was moved to a separate app, thats off my phone now too.
Richard
Quiet inspirational
Biju thpmas
This new version is way way slower than any previous versions n doesn't work properly
Facebook
I can't run my message!
Because of your stupid messenger i am removing good job retards hope your happy lossing users!
Change email id and
Minatt
Take the social OUT of social media. Ridiculous how you can't receive private messages unless you download the messenger. Getting ready to delete my fb all together since its more aggregating than fun with all the changes made. Right down to limiting picture upload to 30 @ a time. Old fb was much better.
Massenger
Go back to way it was
No to facebook messenger! Take too much time to open then smetimes its crash down! -_-
Very bad
perfect
If you don't like the messenger app due to privacy concerns get rid of this app too.
Conet our nations
Okelah
I hate this now. Its dumb, don't waste your time downloading it!!!
Super
It sure would be nice to read what's happening today not 3 week old post and BTW I hate that now you have to download a seperate app just to read messages when I already have an app set up for messages. This is not improving fb it's making me want to close my account. Oh yeah fb shouldn't be auto updating if I have option off
Awesome app
I love it
Excellent
Yehet
I enjoy Facebook and keep in touch with all my friends and classmates.keep up the good work.
Facebook
Excellent
It must be faster
It takes very much memory. I am Galaxy Y user
says unable to open news feed all the time
5
Ialways used this app. It is part on my daily routine , but after severals update on my phone it will take a minutes to log in and when its already there its so slow browsing , picture images ,link, and even my photo album got log. :-(
It's freezing keyboard and back button on CM11. So I can't write. It's also on messenger
I update my facebook.now where i can see liked pages
Hvac
Nice
Nice
Nice application.
Every one like ...it...me to...its ok
I cannot get notification from any liked page is on the mobile.
Very nice app .....
Have not updated this app on Galaxy 8.9 tab in awhile, due to high % of negative reviews. My nearly 12-month-old version (5.0.0.26.31) seems semi-stable. However it still occasionally goes to black screen, videos won't play at all, it's missing several useful desktop features, you can't post a photo in a comment, you can't administer pages unless you install their other app, etc. If you haven't updated lately, DO NOT! Wait 'till a majority of reviews are more favorable, & useful features are added/restored.
Have A fun with us
bad!!"worst
It telling me to download this again again wtf!
Very good
Moving messages to a sepperate app? Terrible decision.
I really don't understand how facebook could be removing features (ie messenger) at this point.  I don't use facebook as a full featured texting tool - I just want to see my messages without notifications or bubble heads or anything else in the native app.  This garbage is starting to stink.
even though facebook needs improvement i still find it handy. i think nobody died when facebook went wrong or so to say...for me i have to give 5 stars for keeping me comfy while in the internet...nobody is perfect..so should we act perfect?or should we simply utter service with character?paxet bonum
Good
Nice app
Good
The new version is  crappy it always stuck, the old ones versions is way much better than these new ones. Please fix its speed.
Really I love it
And the best
Trouble with loading news feed..
Works but freezes sometimes and lags even on the S5
fantastic now i can find my troll
Good
Hitler owns it..we can't even put on. Memory card..so now.. my is slow will have to delet..fix it Hitler..
Previously, the program was OK. Now that they make you to download a different app for the messages...1 star and uninstall. Good job facebook. Good job.
As long as it's free&you don't want to draw over SDcard.
Needs to improve a bit more
Messenger is a mess.
Very slow getting too boor
Big storage and low speed makes it a bit dull.. we'ell afterall its good enough for communication .. but still not too smooth
This app is good
I refuse to download another app just for messeges when before the update it was perfectly capable of doing it itself and im not the only one fix this or facebooks dead to me
Improve it
No one wants two apps instead of one.
Take to long to update
Couldn't live without it !  Outstanding platform support by the Facebook team !
Please stop upgrade fb have no more space. Or money it eat data and i dont have so much money to updated it .
Like other users, mine just shut down and wont react to prompts at all, its disturbing to me! Trying for days now to get back, but as someone mentioned too, it just relaunches itself again.
this app works very slow @sometimes , had to wait alot and also  take long time to refresh . Anyhow its useful rather then other apps of fb
that's the time when i download that app at 9th time that app dosenot work   Typed with Panini Keypad
It shows posts from days ago insted recent ones
its very slow news feeds is not updating some times and chating massages not receving same time    its very very bad
The best...
messenger is not working.
venkat venkat
Works just fine on my phone. Never have any problems with it closing on me out not letting me post status or pictures.
Why keep changing the layout off something that was once perfect
Ho
I am now getting stalked by someone who is sending me letters!! I am afraid for my life. I always turn geo location off on my phone in the app, it is in the settings to turn it off. However in the update it has turned it back on. I LOATH FACEBOOK!!
Turned off the autp update, ive gone like 2 months without updating this horrible update everybody hates...wake up today and my phone auto updated itself...goodbye facebook
Like si crees que facebook es buenisimo
Bagus aja
Good for you
Good app.
Because of the com.facebook.orca is always stop! Why is that happening to my facebook !!! Fix it immediately
Every things is also good;However,for bad point is difficult to use page manager , like message
Not very good
Wow
Hay
Facebook
I CANT SEE MY MESSAGES? FIX
Nice
As the official app you would think that it will work better. but seriously, this app is very slow. It will take ages to load the news feed. We don't have time to sit around and watch it load. Developers, do something. The two stars I gave are only because of its features.
It's very fastest Facebook ....
like it
Alham
Why do you force us to your crappi messenger ?
Like it
I dont want messenger but without it it doesnt work
Love it very much keep it up
5 Star
App
good
Takes To Much Time To Load Images. Otherwise I would have given it 5 stars.
Fcbook
Best app
V
super
is very...and very communicated
Yes
Facebook is a big stage to Express yourself!!
I can't download it!
This was stoping in middle of browsing pls try to fix this one
The new app for chat being separate is  inconvenient it  should all be 1 app
Good
Yaa its good
best
Why does the latest update keep crashing ? N why do I have to inbox ppl through messenger?  I hate messenger +it take too much space in my phone ..you need to fix facebook n bring back the old fashion inbox .
Y messenger???
Love
Okay
Removing the messaging function from this app just so you can force its users to download another app was absolutely the last straw! If more people had wanted Messenger they would have gotten it willingly. Bottom line: I'm just tired of your crap, Facebook, and I'm ridding myself of all your apps until you get your act together (which, I'm sure, will never happen).
ADDICTING
It keeps saying that its not working nd wont let me on half the time....
nice
But it was slow on my mobile........! What i have to do. Please replay me.... Soon as possible.
I hate this app
Ayush
It quite fine
The last version was pperfect
First I install messenger to finish conversation a conversation then an auto-update happens and now you have permissions I didn't give you and I can go back to an older version. Keep it up and I'll drop Facebook altogether.
Very user friendly.
This is cool application
Facebook is awful
I can't play video...I can't open my photos....please.. fix this....
Fix it please
Alot of video crash please fix face book samsung tablet and its crashing my tablet when i want to look at my on profile i hve to reboot
Everything is good....just give facility to copy text from posts. Clipboard is not enabled.
It sucks. After update I always get news feed loading error. Pls fix this.
Xlant
It's getting better
Lokesh
Love
Nice
I struggle to get fb to load when I open it. I cannot upload fotos and comments on my phone. Please fix asap.
THIS VERSION HAS PROBLEM.
Chat Chat Chat
I like fbook
I love facebook so much
improve it.. i cant opeb it through my lenovo a800
tamriko jashiashvili
I
good app.
Love it...but sometimes I experienced trouble connection
Bhangaar hai
(Y)
Loved it
It is simultaneously good.. App but some features..are slow...
Love d fb world
It's a smart application...!
Good
I hate this
It changed its status to auto update which I didn't want i'm very upset about this I might uninstall till you all get it right because this is ridiculous...Just go back to the way thing were
Banyak friend#
Smooth working
Like it
Bad
Data takes a lot of space. Cannot be moved to SD either.
Cant play any videos of facebook
Best 5*****
Haist, facebook app will automatically close sometimes,
I dont like being told by an app wat to do..like having to download messenger...or it deciding wat news feed i see
I love f.b
It won't let me change my birthday to the correct date witch is 08/26/1998
I turned off auto updates and facebook auto updated anyway. I did not want the latest version of the app
Fun
Love it
Bad face book
I can't open my fb message box
Forces me to download additional messenger app
Good
When I click most recent news feed, I neever get most recent posts-always yesterday or older! Frustrating!
Social network
Plzzzz update this version is crashing and not responsive
After last update I mostly stuck in updating the news feeds. Even over wi.fi it sometime says network error. While all other app works nice...
I am
Good
I do not want to install a separate app to get messages from Facebook friends there was nothing wrong with the way it was if I wanted to message someone a different way I would text them because that app didn't work anyways.   Just put messenger back the way it was.
Facebook is a fun website where you can reconnect with old friends or make new ones. You can upload pictures to show how your life has been going it's just a awesome website that I think will never get boring.
I liked
I have been trying to update my fb app and it won't because there is some sort of  error and I know there is space on my phone for it and as for your apps fb they are pigs to big and bulky for most devices  would be nice to be able to just have one
Forcing to download app irritates and drain battery life
No need to force user to use seperate messager apps...it will need more space just like spam
Some time photo are not download.. Otherwise gud app
facebook
Shabbir hhan
Like it
Cool
Nice

Better... But prefer the old version look
Gud
I LOVE FACEBOOK
I really dislike being forced to download messenger to read my private messages. I only have so much room on my phone & tablet. This app takes up enough room, why should I be forced to make room for another app to do what this on should already do?
A better app. Good job lads.
Like it..###
All
MAKING U DOWNLOAD MESSENGER IS BULL!
very very good.
Awesome!!!
My lovely friends..
Dis aap dsn wrk in my tablet..nd in sell it ws do slow plzz try smthg new for fb
very nice,very goods.
Ever since the new updates it doesn't respond when open I have to force it closed if I don't it just keeps opening on its on while still unresponsive!  Had to start using Web browser again!
Love
Good
Hey wats up
JD
moka app
very niCe
I turned off my auto update ages ago fot facebook and messenger app.   Yet I wake up this morning and I have new versions and they are turned back on.  First abuse of Facebook app privileges
Awada
Face book
I guess chronological order on the news feed is no longer a good idea. What is good? Seeing old news from three days ago.
In kitkat varsion this app sapporting and running very easily
Nice
I love facebook
Everyone
What is the activation code
This app is very nice ^_^
No privacy. Now this is the drama site that holds no bars. More porn than my eyes can stand to view. Too much. Going back to MySpace
Good
Nice i like it...
Recently,I experience lag when using facebook and it bothers so much.Please fix it ,TQ.
always force close everytime I open any page or my profile
very good
Sucks !!!
They are forcing me to install Messenger, but I will never do!  And it's likely I will uninstall Facebook too! I can get the same things with my browser!!!
Why I cant download this app in my phone? There's always an error.
To keep in touch with my family And I love taking pictures!
Very nice
Fun
Wbm
Whenevr i update app..it stops working...:-(
Sometimes the pictures load, but that sometimes is becoming even more infrequent.  After the sham that is fb messenger, this one only gets a few more hours or one little problem before it gets uninstalled
why do we need to download two apps just to read and send msgs?!  wherein we can just use that fb app alone. . .it takes a lot to do that every time. this is ridiculous!  you guys need to fix it.  and since i downloaded the msgr, my fone automatically rebooting.  i uninstalled it. my fone was good. . .then since i need to have it just to read and send msg, i downloaded it again and its doing the same thing all over again. . people you need to think according to our convnience. . .crazy! really bad process
I love using fb its a great app but one thing that's getting me frustrated is the fact that you can't see a profile video,like on the iphones. That's all...
I like it
V.Good
Good
killer
i hate this messenger thing level 10000000 ! yawa !!
Nice apps
In this app i post many thing and dwonload very thing this very good app in this app i talk with my friends and cousin this app is very fantastic  and this is very faster  from other app
Facebook
Loved it
There are options to fine-tune notifications, but no way to disable the spam notifications sent by games and apps. Uninstalling this piece of junk.
Nice
Every time I get on facebook all you see is OLD Status. Can ya fix that
Swity
Facebook page
Nice
fb
I just wanna say simply "love it"
This app was already crap and now one less functionality. We cant read the mesaages anymore in the app! Forcing us to install the messenger which I had already uninstalled due to several issues! Crap asking to install another crap! Will soon uninstall this piece of crap too! You're becoming unbearable...
Great Social network.
Frequently freezes then kicks me out :[ #Annoying
hmm itz good
I am not interested to download messenger just to view messages... Fix it
Message in this app works. So why is there a need to download the messenger?
Anan
I love it
This is crazy .asking or forcing users to installed messenger just to read a message.  Dont you know that its uses more space ?.crazy updates .it's really ridiculous thinking of developers.
Super
But let there be the option of copying of texts from the Application
Can't video open
Lover r lucky
It takes more space in internal storage...
Sucks having two aps for messenger. & the permissions are too intrusive. I value my privacy Facebook gives out more info than I am comfortable with.
Very usefull to me
Ya allah.....kurniakn la daku...anak yg soleh @soleha
Great way to stay in touch and up to date!
I like it
Very good
I loved
Great
What if I don't wanna get messenger!! I shouldn't have to download another app to check my messages Fix It!! Go back to the way it was! Just normal!!
veeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeereeeeerrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrry bad update unable to install new feature is worst feature possible I think that I have to find new app for fb browsing
Face Book
Nice
Not bad
It's suck
I love fb becz it is a perfect way to find my love
Good
Deleted this app because of the new required app to use messenger. App invades privacy.
Pangaan
Nice
It need to work better and  slowed down too much very bad
Happy to be on it
It takes too long to upload photos.
Cool
Unfortunately using Facebook
Easy to use reliable and fast
Very Nice but can't Download Video.....
keep me...
Encountered a lot of errors cause of the sync in contacts. Caused error in acore in my phone.
I am so sick of the constant updates! I'm almost ready to delete this app! Facebook is taking up all the space on my phone! Its slow and it closes all the time. I refuse to update this app anymore from this point on. I don't need Facebook taking up all the space on my phone. Also this stupid messenger app has really angered me! I do not want to download that app it asks for access to WAY too many things on my phone.
Bhoooooom
I hate it because it takes too many time to download
It may have a bug.
Ever since you violated my own personal freedom (the freedom that the CONSTITUTION guarantees me), by forcing me to download the Messenger app, my phone  died. Turns out you "brightons" forgot smartphones (all modern technological devices actually) have a little thing called RAM. Your good-for-nothing messenger app overloads it. Now I have to spend an extra $200 on a new device just to run it. Seriously? Bad marketing decision, and as an owner of $12000 worth of stocks, I'm selling now!
Yeah yeah
Great
Just fine ..not so good ..Some time its not notify me about posts ..fix it
ITS NICE
Manar
Terbaikkkkkkk.....
what ever pple,its jus fine
No longer have the option to read posts chronologically. Instructions in the help menu telling you that you can are wrong, the settings menu is gone for newsfeed. Randomly scrolls back to the top when new posts are (arbitrarily) added to the feed so after spending an eternity scrolling through stories in nonsensical order to find something you actually want to read, you lose your place and have to start all over again. I guess the upside is I'm using Facebook much less after this update.
Gallary should be Opened as Folders.
Sroul download
Well I got a fone and I couldn't get it I'm so happy I can get it now
This is it
Really great
You have to download a whole nother app for messages
Very nice
Facebook
Saim khan
Good
Good app...
I loved
Good
Liked it
Excellent
Very usefull.
Great app
Chennai. 600.021
Better
I really hate this app it's unresponsive and is very slow and allows down my phone
I hate that I can no longer view my messages if I dont install the Messenger App. :(
Eazzy nah
I'm not using two apps just for facebook. I'd rather use something else.
Not facebook but phone book
best.. hoho
Hate it
Hai
Can't send/receive messages? Uninstalled.
Good
Loading ...loading ...loading ...loading ... Tap to retry .... Loading ...loading loading ... It keeps on loading a default browser is    better thn this app plz fix d speed
It's always saying error loading news feed
Not update cheap
But Its very slow process
Stupid new update
Like
i need one more tool to set privacy to certain contact. just like on pc version.
While all the applications were running smooth on my phone, Facebook app lags while scrolling through the posts which makes it inconvinient to use the app
Nice application
Why should I install a messenger separately!? It took so many space in my phone!!! You shoudn't push us to install this just to use a messenger o just to make a chat!!!  Bring back the old one and ill give up 5 star!!!
App is working very good
Best app to keep in touch.
Exelent
ok
Nice
567895             Gbvhjv
I had to uninstall it due to costant bugging by them to install the messenger. It was irritating!!
Api mkn api
Good
Facebook
Not Bad
Dis app is best den browser !!!
Gud
need 2 be improvd a lot
FRIENDS
Slow
Mmmmmnnnm
Awesome
good
Can no longer send messages! Why am I being forced to install messenger when this has been included until recently. Horrible on Facebook 's part.
New update won't play videos
Fine..
log in failed on my samsung core 2 . please fix it
Love
Very fine
Great
nice apps
how can i like and comment as myself and not as a page admin on my page? please reply asap
The facebook is very simply because he is help my chatter the my all friends so i love this facebook application wow
Tladi
I iove facebook
Since the last few updates, I can't even search and download the app on other devices!
I have don't like to any social service only like fb
Normal
Nice
Nice.
I uninstall it and came to the internet browser
Fine
Kujur
Nothing
Much better than it used to be but still a ways to go before it catches up to Google+ in terms of user experience
Cool
Its  a  cool  app   it   enables  me   to edit  my   photos  and  make  them   look  as  pretty  as  possible  and  eye catching
pleassss download this app so fun
Dont hv much space to download massnger why r u forcing us to dwnld massnger if we want to see our maseges just hate this app
no words
Wow
Awesome new theme & design great sharing,posting & news feeds. Great app :)
The application closes when I watch a full video. I need to press back before the video ends to prevent the app from closing. The notifications area got stuck at a post of a friend of mine even if i click the tab it still goes there at the post its like i changed the function of it but i did nothing pls fix
I have to Uninstaller and install once or twice a day just to update my news feed. .. this is ridiculous. It's been like this for some time now...
Why my facebook always error loading news feed?...most of the day...hope you can fix it.
Amazing, fun, great quality, entertaining!
hi i am vaseem akram vary nice facebook
omary hariri
For this app i get my best friends again, thanks to facebook
Why seprate messenger
I like and post
Facebook always crash in my cellphone,my cellphone have a high memory,why this always happen in my cellphone please fix this i will give you a 5 star if you fix it
New
The best
Grate one
It takes such a long time just to start up....and the updates aren't so fast which it has to come at once it comes after a pretty long time....it has to improve in many ways...but ya can say that its pretty cool...
No quick feed at least the last hour only
I dont want to download another app. Only for messeges.
I got more Friends
Skhatak
yhosep
I am trying to refresh my home page but every time it shows error in loading news feed.
It's very useful for me.

Suprrr
ok

It's good
I love you
Itss too much slow and its not refreshing automatically and not pick the updates quickly on facebook.
Can you fix the bugs
Update not downloading correctly. Package file not loading?  Wtf?
Very like
Very good apps
nice app
# 1 social website which is being shared by people all over world irrespective of age
panis
Starting to hate it... Don't make sense to force people to use messenger and they wasn't in the first place. I don't like it at all
Easy to access
Love it
Daku kaau og kuha ang fb
Li ck
Keep it up
Rockzzz
Awesome
Uun
Plzz add Punjabi support
this fb version super unlike
I am impressed with how fb works
Super
When i open up the app it loads nothing for like 5 seconds then crashes without telling me with a notification that the fb app has crashed which makes me really confused to what is happening to the fb app. Help?
It
I CAN ONLY GIVE 4 STARS BECAUSE ITS NOT THAT USER FRIENDLY
In the previous version, there was a button  for options to download an image. Now there is no option to download it. Nothing pops up even with tap and hold. Please  bring back the option to download the images :(
Nauman
This app is getting really dispointing day by day ... Since I have updated the app stops unexpectedly n shuts down ... I can not even like a page before refreshing..  I hope soon u guys will fix it thn I would surely rate it 5 stars.
Wtf yeah why do u need teo seperate apps abd the permissions are ridiculously insecure
Have to give access to app for recording audio & video taking pics and making calls when websites cant even secure our passwords? Have to install 2nd pos app to read my msgs? No thanks.
Hi
Hddu
small good
FACEBOOK
I feel good to install as it is a source of social networking and expressing their views and thought.
Nice
awesome
pritty soon you wont be able to check your inbox through google either!!
Just love it !! :)
awsme
Nyc
I don't want another app just to see my msgs. This app alone takes up 65MB and now I have to install another one? And when I did, all it does is crash! No thank you.
Excellent
I love this app
Lol.
Very good app
Use to be a 5 star til it forces you to install messenger app just to get your messages, no privacy to that app
Best
harish kumar
i love this
but now , when I go see a page or a post on my news feed and then I get a message , when I check it and want to go back to the post it will just get me to the top of the news feed. And I want to set the order of them myself , I don't want "Top Stories" , I want the "Most Recent" so basically it's kinda annoyinvg
Amazing app enjoying a lot
Nice app
Apay
Badiya hai
Jayda boring
I'm Learning My Social Skills FINALLY.
Good
Manny people used
Where can I edit my "about"?
Superb
SLOW , heavy , resources and battery eater , freezes my mid range phone a LOT. But now that i cannot even view and answer my messages it crossed a line...NOW it is completely USELESS , congrats facebook team +plus this coup happening mid summer is completely unacceptable , i will remember this next time i will recommend what's up or dismiss GOOGLE plus+
gud
No rating for speed......loading.speed is very slow......
Dont want to download another app for viewing msgs
Awesome
too good
This is Krish DebNath Muhon. This an awesome app
Great
Keep itup
Because i can't chat with my friends except i installed facebook messenger
Facebook u cant force us to download mesenger app! We want old app back otherwise we'll be comfortable wid diffrent browsers instead of dis nonsense !
photos
Good app
Vry nce
It takes time to download and I have to use lot of data...pls try to fix this cause it is not ayoba
Well done
When we alredy have fb why do we use messenger just to chat its so irritating
I refuse to download another app just so that I can read my messages on Facebook. That's ridiculous.
Subhas dolai
Nicc
So I don't like this app whenever It stops hang then I will rate it five stars
Khan
Hashiraachi
Please put the "friends except..." option in privacy of posts
I changed my 5* to 1* only coz of that massanger and the permision to get acsess to everythig i am never downloading this anymore
I won't download the messenger and I'm deleting this app. I've never liked fb app. It's not very fluid, in fact over all its awkward and limited. BUT now you FORCE me to download a different app JUST to do msgs? I do not want a fb messenger. And I'm over this app
Very good on one to one communication
Very clearly
It absolutely great app I have ever met
This app consume much more ram space in xperia j :(
I don't like the idea of separating messaging from this app coz my phone can't hold too much processes. FB alone is using huge memory. It's OK if both are not running in bg, but it does. Which make my phone very lag.
hye ists a baathukka
Its good, but plz tell, how to log out to the massenger?
nice
Not impressive result
good
want messenger in main app again
Fb has reached almost every person in every street and with this app for android the reach is going to be more. The majority among all the users are using low data connections. And this app works well only in faster connections. Fb must rectify this problem for slower user connections
yeah hornz up!
I've uninstalled the fb app. There is no reason you need personal info off of my phone. Or to be able to record or see anything I say privately off of fb. And forcing ppl to install the messenger app is ridiculous.
Stupid messenger app...
Pls fix the bug...everytime i play a video the app crashes..still the same...pls fix it
best
Social network
I can't see who's my friend online
Ok
Nice
Awlllaaaa
Brilliant app.........
Cant play the video
Amazing app
Good in use

I do not want another app its messed up I can't get my messages unless I download messager I DO NOT WANT IT!!!!! I should not be forced to download another app it is crazy how you guys are dping that I quit Facebook all together
The terms of this app an Facebook messenger allow Facebook to record from your phones mic and camera
Good app.
Good
Easy to access
It's best actually :D
Its a awesome app and helps in reaching Facebook easily
ThisIs good
slowly app
Nice
K.
Can't see messages without downloading a separate app?! Take off
I love it
I will not download the messenger app. So I dont like how now I cant see or send messages without being forced to download this app. I was just messaging last night. It pops up everytime I try. TAKE OFF NOW PLEASE. I will not be forced to have something that I dont want or see why we have to have. Thank you
It doesn't even load,always comes as error loading page.. Please fix it..
I love facebook !!;)

Hi this good app
I should not have to dig through 3 menus for most recent and then not have it work half the time. I get you guys have some advertising agenda with the popular posts but it is very unreasonable for me to have to search that far to get what I want. Even YouTube only requires one click to get to the right screen! Will be rolling back as soon as I can until you fix this.
Cant upload vdeo..mesej buka tempat lain lg..x best
Buggy and requires too much memory battery and permissions. Removed and now using the browser to connect until another social media app becomes common across my friends. Then I will delete this forever.
Good
Damm good.
Nice
Hate hate hate!!!!!
New look new user interface easy to use but sometimes it takes long time to load a pic.
nice
Ram drainer...
New update version is dead slow even in 3G. .hate to use. .pls do something to fix this.
Gugud
Have used other social media apps, probably the best is Google+, this app is so outdated. This app needs replacing with a new version that is more user friendly and up-to-date.
Arina
Good not bad
The app keeps crashing Chrome and doesn't connect we'll with other apps. Needs improvement.
That's good
Gud
I love it
The new  messages chat, I don't  like it as I can't  read my messages, it comes on I touch  the  screen  then the message  disappeared :( not happy  can I get my old messageser back  please
Love to put my family picture so everybody.
Would be 5 star if there was an option to share synched photos via mobile phone.
Facebook
just because of the separation of the chat.
Gdyf if i2456
Facebook
Unnecessary hassle for users. Or atleast if fb can  come forward and explain why this was needed and what problem does it solve maybe we can consider it...  This is plain stupid.
Yug
Can't watch uploaded videos
Niceeee
I can't tag everyone in my comment and the messager it's so bad!
i meet my old frends by facebook
I like t
Taking too much memory 140 mb to fb apps downloaded 20 mb but it have today 140 mb
Excellent
Not downloading anything else. Nope.
Too gud apps
Naeem
Bad move FB... Try to first find out what your users want! Seperate messenger??? Who thought that was a good idea???
Fantastic
Good....
Love is life
Superb app its true no fb no life
Facing video loading problem and unable to play video error message in recent updates.
I would be lost without Facebook
update semakin buruk dan menyusahkan
Messanger cumpulsory stop the promotion
i hate this apps
Excellent
Lakoko
Still need to catch up
Constant unnecessary updates and making me download messenger takes up to much data space on my cell. I tried to download messenger and it caused all kinds of issues with apps opening whenever and on its own. So, I deleted it. Now I'm also deleting the fb app and going to google plus. I all ready told my friends and gave them my email. Once fb gets it together maybe I will come back.
I super Love this app,
I loved it

Massanger
Very bad
But plz plz plz add videos download options plz plz..............
Really good job
I cant chat with anyone need to download another app for it
Good social site
Excellent
Why do you need messenger in facebook messages?! IT TAKES TOO MUH SPACE! MY TAB CAN'T DOWNLOAD ANY APP ANYMORE. I'M A FANGIRL SO ITS HARD FOR ME THAT I CAN'T DOWNLOAD ANYTHING ANYMORE. UGHH.. FIX IT
Facebook
Good
Vry good app this  dont have to go and open it from laptop
Nice...
This is just amazing
Fine
Great
Thanks ,I can find my old friends and family
Awesomeness is all you need
Gud
Chef
I like it
I cannot download it please fix this problem
Everyone uses this
rramso
Chiranjeevi
I loved it
seriously, why set the news feed to show top posts? and i have to go through the menu to see the most recent ones? that is just stupid. addendum: pictures are not showing, videos are not playing. so what's the use of this app then?
RAJ
Keeps shutting down on me will just close out on my s3
Love. It
Samsung Galaxy Note 3
Good App
It's amazing....I love it
Connect with whatsapp
Working too slow
POOR PERFORMANCE!!!
Nice
Plz allow to msg without messenger... Ots irritating
Buner
Oke
It will be well better
Deal or no deal
Very Good
Ok
Good
Pakistan
good but it not perfect
Wats is happening I cudnt used it agn evn if I update please fixed ts
Old version was far better than newer one .. I am getting really frustrated when it says loading ..its very slow make some changes I can't use this
Needing 2 apps for 1 social media outlet is a joke. Why bother having messages on facebook at all if you can't access them on the facebook app?
Geo
If i want to choose picture my phone was stopped working
still a lot better then the Twitter app
The speed rate of how fast you can toggle different settings is way too slow and every time I open this FB app I always get the same problem over and over again which is that the contacts menu does not work/load up properly. What happens is that when I toggle the contacts menu the contacts menu does not show all of my actual contacts that should be shown as active etc and I can prove this because I have also used the messenger app for FB at the same time as using this FB app. (The messenger loads contacts).
i give 4 star...
Good
Like
Load of shite now, used to be good until all of the stupid updates! Not downloading separate app for messaging either, load of bollix... Sort yourself out zuckerburg!
Lv it
Dont u think this is just too stupid? I'll giv you negative score if i can...what a dick
Best app
Good application. I like it very much.
Facebook connects USS.......and v r with our frnds and family....
Messenger is consuming lot of space on ram. Make it as it is before plzzzz. Then I can rate it perfect. And also messenger is not responding many times.. Fb is getting stupid..
I like facebook:-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-)
Ani
This is rediculous.. because.. why this messenger is attached to app. This too bad.
good
Like hell I will download another apps just to read flippin msgs! I can still view msgs using web browser so I can't be bothered.
Its good...
This application is now worthless. I will uninstall it until it can post messages again.
It's ok
Love
Uuuhm seperate apps just to read the message fhuk that -.- aint downloading that ...fb is dead asf now cuz its stupid the latest update bring bak the old update fb -.- plzz
V nice
I cant even install the application it just keeps saying error 24. Please fix this I would really like to check my Facebook. Also the permissions are completely crazy. I'm seriously thinking about deleting my Facebook if I can't use it.
Its working very slow plz help
Facebook
Its so so
Crashes and freezes and I don't like how I can't see my messages now cause i don't have the messager app
keep saying error loading news feed please fix
Nice and very fast
Good.
Sluggish response.  Doesn't work properly.  Worst update
Good
We should b able too move it to ext sd card!! Bcause it bcomes too big! Fix it pls! Nd then will giv u 5 STAR!
Thanks
This latest version is pathetic. Having lots of trouble loading comments. Uninstalling & reinstalling for the second time now. Pathetic.
Meh
Excellent
I wish facebook doesnt updated
Meeting with people, connecting, past and present pals, relatives or love ones every body must definitely have facebook nooooo excuses
Just no
Pretty good
Fix this version, i can't open videos :3 Meh this sucks.
These is a good app and i like it but free caal messenger not in it is a one big problem in this app
Easy to connect with friends
I suspect that others are not seeing mine too. Cannot cast videos to chromecast.
Good
Cannot update faster!!!
Facebook
Excellent
Hailu
Verry2 good
the best ever
all time not responding!! not responding!! even when I'm not using it. reload after 20seconds when I do multitasking.. really got fed up with this app.
Its kamal ki cheez!!!
Very slow downloading help me to do it fast
Mahes bhamat mb@ gmail com
Provide d calling option...
Nice
Use of good things
Very good but slow
Absolutely amazing
When ever i try tio go on it doesent let me on it
Good app dont crash
The idea of seperating messeging from the Facebook app nd moving it to the messenger app sucks -_- every1 knows the messenger is worst at privacy,,,,, -_- please have pity nd bring the messeging back to the original app,,, only then i would come back with 5 stars,,,,, very bad effort developers -_-
Pls add one upgrade with option of "dont tag anyone"
I loved it
Its taking too much time for news feed since last update.
Arap allah permudahkan segala yg dilakukan isteriku  di sepang
Good
Great application
it don't let me message  unless i get  the messenger app
Go to hell!
Satisfactory...
They r compelling to down load the messenger..other wise we can't see the mesgs..it is very irritating..
He suddenly unstalled
I like to use facebook
Without fb insttalation we can't run candy crush through fb it's not good deel.(
Superrrrr
I like it
Application Twitter is good then this app
Time Weast
Through Facebook I found a lot of friends and knowing each other's life... Either old friends or new friends... Also  interesting news... I love facebook...
Amazing
Best
Ya
Just OK
Thank you.
Its not very fast
I don't want Messenger. Stop forcing me to do what I don't want.
Lovely
I like Facebook but I don't like messenger application
.....koobecaf......
Loved it
And heck no I'm not taking up more space with another one of your useless messenger apps. It was more convenient with it being right there on fb.
Nyc apps I like this apps
Lv it
We want privacy..please put back the messages in fb app!
Last time when I install it it was not logging out now I am trying again to install it if I like it I will give it 5 stars
Cool
5yne & good.
Eversince  I'm fallin' in love with u
Runs ok, a bit slow at times. Other than that, happy dayz
Love it
I cant open the groups fix this
App is fine except the one thing that it makes you install messenger even if you don't want to.
Hmmmp
Hey Facebook, good work on the app, but it's not quite there yet. Why is it that if I click on a link you forget where I left off on my news feed? Seems to me that shouldn't be. Speaking of the news feed, I get that there are new stories, I really do, but can you find a less annoying way to inform me? That'd be swell. You know what else would be nice? If maybe, just maybe, when I hit the share button I had the option to share via private message, like I can on my PC. I could add more, but that's it for now.
best app
But please decrease size of the app of make it move to sd card.. It consumes lots of memory.. :(
Very nice app
liked it
Just the messenger is the problem really
Why i need 2 read my message in another high-use-ram app? Very annoying guys!! 2 star 4 u guys coz the suck idea!!
Please make Fb messenger optional! It take a lot of space and it makes my phone slow. Why do I have to download messenger if I can make a message to my friends without it. PLEASE separate those two and Ill rate you again five stars.
Made my fb works eazy
The thing keeps on freezing
Its just simply the best
I can't log in since the last time I logged out.
I like this
Awesome
APP KEEPS FREEZING EVERY FEW SECONDS WHEN I SCROLL DOWN OR UP!! 
Cant comment on posts
Love it
Its tooo slow
Facebook messenger
Nice
Gud..
It's seem like this Facebook version is not compatible for my phone. Ever since I upgrade to Android 4.4.2, Facebook cannot be install into my phone. Please fix it's immediately
can't upload video
Nice....Godd
It is tooo sloww
I dont know what your game is. But you are ruining what we like more and more. No one has asked for a separate messaging app....
Excellent
Can't install
Kumar
Y
It doesnt have d facility to increase the font
Does Facebook really need every penny they can squeeze out.
You need to fix this app. I have to keep on redownloading the app so itll start working.  So bloody fix it
Very misterous
Nice
Very good
Pretty good
Fix it!!!!
I have been not downloading the New update for weeks but now it's done it on it's own. Not impressed!!!
Good
Facebook
Nice..
Desaray daddy loves love lov my self some you ...Dexter leon devon parker from roc city thanksssssssssssssss face book
Why the hell fb is forcing to install messenger
Nice app!!
Good
I like the communications
amazing
NYC APP
Sangat baik
Now better
Very good
nice
Prasghn
Love it..
Facebook is the best
I can't chat without installing messenger
Why do I need a separate app for messenger? I'm so fed up with Facebook, I just won't read messages anymore. I hate you Facebook.
Why does Facebook insist that users want Top Stories? I hate Facebook insisting on showing the posts it thinks I want to see... I switch to Most Recent because I want most recent... Now instead of that setting being persistent like the old version, I have to switch to it every time. Way to make a thing suck harder than before! I'll be force installing the old version 13 again
amazing good app
Can't sorry the news feed by date time order
Very sloooow

Not even speed!
I can't comprehend why I have to download a completely different app just to message my friends. It makes no sense and it just goes to show how lazy we're getting. It's not hard to open this app and click the messenger thing at the top. All I'm getting out of this is running up my data by downloading useless apps that I shouldn't have needed in the first place.
Sucks
Awesome app DuDe!!!!!
No responde y se cierra mucho
Does what it says on the tin
Almost perfect but please the most recent of our newsfeed please get it back thanks
Just loved it
I love it so much that i go on it for 24X7
Nice
I love the news feed the most and as a social network good but speed is too poor
New update several times crashed
I like it very much. Everything that you need is the fb app. ;)
nice
it is so    faster to use and save data
i cant use it properly it is always not responding :'(
I love it
Nice
Mntaaab pool
So nice app
Good
Bring back Most Recent!!!
Just give me the old Facebook back is there a download for that.. message deal sucks.. if it's not broke don't fix it
It doesnt seperate the videos when you go on there albums like the apple does and thats a goood thing to have.
Best app 2 connect to all frndz, family.....
Ilik
Gud
Bablu
Nice
Gud
Nice personality gujjar
Amazing
Nice
Like it
I love this app it'wonderfull
Ok
great aap to have
After installing the its says facebook is not working in my cell and it says unistall d app. Whats wrong with this after the third attempt this app was intalled now this problem. This app doesn't even deserve a single Star.
Why can't I see my messages.? Why should I download a freaking messenger app! I already hate your background running feature and now this. And yeah about bug report. after I hit the like button on some posts and if I open some pages on chrome through Facebook posts, I have to like those posts again and again if I open pages,Same story all over again.
Bold
Guano boh
Like
Facebook become not nice..I'm download video its working
Ull
I love this.
I loved it
bomb hella fast too!
Deleting this as soon as I'm done with the review. Horrible, mandatory messenger app? Are you kidding me? Nope.. not happening. Also very sketchy permissions, not interested in you recording audio and video at anytime.
FB and FB messenger do not have the right to invade my privacy. They are being unexcusably and unacceptably evil in their latest stunt. I will remove FB completely from my phone if they continue their current tactics. I only want 1 app for all FB functionality. People giving more than 2 stars are uninformed with what FB are doing.
Messanger keeps crashing my fone and tablet removed FB app to many unnecessary changes
OK
The messenger app sucks. Cant play videos from fb anymore. Bring back the old way!
Too slow ..
Devasi
Good app..
perfect application! more power
Nic I AM HAPPY....
Plz keep messenger in FB, dont seperate.
I love it..
Why must u have to install another app to reeead my msg??? To make my phone space lesser???? I dont like that even a bit!!! Annoying thing.......ugh!!!!!

Nice
Its toooo slow..
I do not like how you guys sell all of our information
Samim ahmed
Error on Downloading
Love it
Mr
Love it
Itsnice
Doing well with friends.
Greatest social media ever
Nice
non stop chating app  very nice..app
Love fb only ;)
I can't copy any written post. Please fix it....
Good
very good
lvd it
I don't want a separate app for messenger... fix it please.
Pls have shame ur on the wrong side
Toyebi Tdasa
Drains my phone Battery
I really do like this alot
Always force closing
Love this app it's so fun 
one star because there isn't zero option
It too good to touch our frnds
slow to load
Take to much space
I hate the new update
03444718r
Needs some improvements when refreshing home it some times doesn't refresh
i loved it
I will be deleting this app if the messenger situation is not resolved. I should not be forced to add yet another app when the first app is fully capable of doing the same thing, like it has done for years. I will gladly go back to keeping up with my friends and family through live conversation, text and phone. I will give it a couple of weeks and if this is not resolved I will delete my account as I am sure you will be losing a lot of customers because of this attempt to force something on loyal patrons.
As of today I will not be using the messaging app or Facebook I will not help support infringement on our right to privacy read there agreement terms and you all will understand what I mean
Ok
As stated before, stupid to take messenger away. Also, any link I try to open that directs me to a web page will not open.
Stop annoying ads,
Getting errors when liking posts
Good
Letest
Nice
Spam
I love  Facebook
Better than other Social Network apps.  But you started forcing for extra app downloads.  Nobody wants to be forced.  Remember that there are alternatives.
Its bullshit
Go figure, Facebook is not responding!! This is getting a bit old!
love it so much.
Fb
Great application always on line
Cute
I can't see recent status updates. .it's annoying too see updates from 2 weeks ago
The app is worthless and pointless without the message feuture and now that you took it away this app is TRASH seriously Facebook step your game UP!! I keep giving bad reviews!!!
Great
Me casa que se actualice a cada rato. ... es una mierda
Life and time suck-machine. I'm done.
L
Goooooooood
Nice :D
Bullshit
Good
I hate that we need to have messenger installed . Takes up more space on my phone .
Why do I need 2 apps to do 1 thing-- use Facebook?!? Also the most recent news feed should be default.
Facebook
The only bad thing is that it updates alot
What's up with this s*** it wont let me watch my videos on my facebook  fix it fast it works much better the way it was before
Chat all friend and family in facebook
Best
Nice
V nice
I love this
Really!? I'm getting tired of this. I can't view my Facebook messages unless I download FB messenger, why do I need two apps to see my messages? Ridiculous! And I'm also not downloading Facebook messenger and give away my privacy to you. No! Please fix this and allow me and everyone else see our Messages without another seperate app.....
I like
It shud include messenger in new version
Garbage         Garbage   So so
can you guys combine  facebook Messenger with Facebook app, all in one.
Having to force people to download an app to use even private messages is BS! I never chat with people so I didn't want the messenger. Now I can't even send a private message. Very disappointing. FYI, I won't be downloading it.
1 nomber
love it
I agree with the general consensus. With the latest changes, the app constantly says it's not responding and closes. Everything about the messenger app, but especially the fact that the permissions are ridiculously invasive and we are forced to use it, sucks. I've been using the facebook app since it's existence but I'm finally giving up and uninstalling it. I'll check in once in a while at home on my laptop, but not all day long anymore. It's just too frustrating. Back to interacting the old fashioned way!
We dont need Big brother....weve got Facebook to do the intruding and snooping.  Let me see the posts of those I follow, dont decide for me what I'm interested in, and how dare you think it's ok to take over my device to listen and look.  I'm ready for a new social platform that has some integrity.
It works but at times it doesn't
I love this app. Love all the new updates!!!!
I don't need messenger! 1 point for idiotic second app! Saddest update ever...
This is ok app, I have no problem with it, it work fine on my BLU phone.
:-)
Nice
What was wrong with just letting us message friends in the Facebook app? Jeez, texting would be a lot easier.
I will never understand why it is necessary to download and install the messenger when fb worked fine for soooo many years without it. What a load of crApp.
This is a great app never should have a problem
App is too slow. Facing issues in posts even it has been connected in 3g. Displays error while loading feed. Fix asap.
Love Facebook so much,because I get to Dee what my friends post
Its good
It is oooooosum
i use it is very fast nd easy way to fb
Gud
Very very nice
Cool
Love it
It's not gd very slow...
Awesome
Good
Got tired of their crap forcing me to download their messenger in a separate app. Goodbye. You don't own me.
Improve memory consumption
Share with friends
I like fb.
Just love it :)
Another crap update. You fixed photo upload but it forgets the captions? Cool app, bro.
Good app
I hate this app
Ok
It works great but i want to see today's stuff not 4 week ago
Nice
Its cool
It suck
Just because I need 2 apps 2 use this crap
Facebook
It's just ok
Dis sum foolya
Need to make it to where we can delete old posts and messages. My phone is getting filled with crap. If not I will remove face book for good.
The new updated version is extremely slow,  not getting news feeds,  not able to search friends or pages. Simple page is taking lot of time to open.. poor poor results
Sangat bandel
Hate how it is forcing us to download messenger
Freezes every few seconds. Over all is so frustrating to use I end up wanting to smash my phone.
I don't like the new messenger, i like the old version
good
I uninstalled it and now using the mobile website version for obvious reasons. It also uses more space and ram than most games.
Great application ever
Ravi MK
It is to use
It ok for me
When will these bonehead developers understand that disabling functions to get people to download new apps they don't want is no way to do business? Uninstalling.
I love this app i can go any where and be able to check my facebook if there is Wi-Fi connection around
Cool aap
I refuse to install another app just to read my messages. I don't care if its faster, smoother or whatever.
Keeping up with friends is faster than ever
Horrible
Nice
To slow. Takes forever to load. Takes up to much memory and it keeps making my phone crash.
Nice app
Too good i am using this frm past one year .really superb app.
Gud
Great
Nice
Samsung galaxy Sduos
Downloading another app just to read my messages sucks it takes up to much data
U dont even have to have the app open to talk to someone keep using the facebook app it just uses chat heads for me doesnt even take me to messenger. To tell you the truth i prefer facebook better with chat heads
U ain't spying on me
Nice
well
It just takes lots of space
takes forever to view a photo let alone a video strait garbage now...a billion dollar company but cant get a simple app to run.
What's the whole point of HAVING to download the other app as well? Why can't that just be an option? Why can't we just read our messages on the app???
Very super app
It's okay when it actually works forcloses to much and to many updates!
Good.
Lovely but it takes too much time to download
Fix this please
Good
very fast
***THANKS  YOU
Very fast app and very easy to use
This update is bullshit ....slowly running app or lots of tym dose not working
Great!
This app sucks its all bullshit it won't let me see my messages it won't let me play my videos and when I do play video it restricts me and takes me back up to the top of my homepage....
2apps sucks! Messenger kills my phone makes it get hung up until I uninstall it. If uf going to force us to use two apps at least make them work! If messenger ever acts right I bet people will hardly use Facebook anymore lol whatever happened to MySpace anyway?
Treeeeeeeeeees jolie
Piece of craps... my crap is better then yo ur crap...
Excellent App
Very popular social site.
Great for finding frnds n family...
It's giving me the unknown error every time i try to instal the app
Very good and user friendly....
Its ok
Love
Can leave without
Sorry unable to play video
Simply
I can't open my chatbox. I don't know why?
This app is force closing fix it quickly
My real face and my sharing
Jus keep on sain insuficient storage yet other bigger applications are nt sain dat
I have to force close this fb application constantly!!! It's annoying
Thanks
Mast che
Im using samsung Note 1.... everytime i try to install...error keep on coming when login.I try so many times uninstall/install back but it doesnt help much...plis advise
It's cool hate the fact it's making me get an app I don't want to get my messages, so I didn't
Its okay for know i guess
Bad
Money whoring
Need another update like background color
Absolutely the most difficult app to navigate ever.  Can't get rid of favorites that I never designated.  Can't find instructions that work,  ridiculously non-intuitive.
PLEASE STOP UPDATING FACEBOOK! I can't even go to or see my about on my timeline to change my info when I want to while im on the app.
Facebook
Nice.
Takes way to long to download and when downloading a video Facebook continuously crashes
Best social website
Faster
very nice
but sometimes this app was not responding
Good stuff
wow
I m unable to see comment on my pis,status as its not showing..some error with loading.get it fixed urgently.
You should add an ability to hide notifications we don't want to see tho
Superb
Lick it you
Good
It is verry usfull ap an andro. Phon iske binaa phon 1/2 h.
I can't open my facebook application.
Good
Nanyuki - Timau area
I don't want to download another app just to see my messages. That's unnecessary. It's annoying.
I dont like this
Choppers doce
Nice
Good application. ..
I used to love this app, ever since the updates The app consumes almost 100 mb of my phone memory, Although there is an update to the app almost every week still the problem persists, please introduce an option to move the app to internal storage and by disabling the inbuilt messages why are you compelling us to install the  "Facebook Messanger", why should we install another app just for messaging, do you know how much battery it consumes, by far this is your worst idea.
So many bugs. Facebook needs to improve how it runs before I can give it any more than 2 stars!
Don't force people to use a whole new app just to do one little thing. Plus, the app really stores a lot of data. Takes up a lot of space. Uninstalling.
Fj
Ok
kalyani
I like face
Deleted FB app and refused to download the stupid message app.  Are you people trippin'?  No you may not have access to my phone and personal information.   Get it together FB it's not necessary.
Geaat

It is useful but free call is not enable with computer
This is completely ridiculous bye bye Facebook hello mobile web Facebook
I do not want the messenger app! I am just going to delete my Facebook app all together and use only my browser to check my Facebook. That will grow old with me because it will become inconvenient and I will just delete my whole account along with many other people I know. Go back to the old way!!!
Every time I open the app it is always slow every time I  scroll down or click on something....I have to close the app every time and re open ITT! Plz fix it!!! I'll give it 5 stars when its fix. :)
Videos either won't play or stop halfway through....every time...have been hoping for an update for months now
Its great..credit ti developer
The actual Facebook app is doing fine at the moment. I haven't had any hang ups lately. But this forced usage of the messenger app is ridiculous. The app worked just fine, the PMs worked just fine. There was NO need for this split and forced install. And I'm not doing it. I'll keep the regular app for now but I may end up deleting if you don't change it back soon.
What happened to the "About" frame on my timeline? It is missing on my page & on a few friends' that previously had it available. It also tends to not show my status updates in my feed until well after they are posted?                              Also do not like that I HAVE to download a second app to message, when this app already eats so much storage by itself & the permissions messenger requires seem inappropriate.
Uninstalled the app since I can't get messages without yet another app. Why?????
So I can see notification that I got a new message, however I can't read the new message..... Good job guys, I am quickly losing taste for Facebook
I like it just a time pass
What happen? I don't want to have to download Facebook messenger plus it takes up to much space on my phone that can be use for something else. Also news feed should be set up to recent by default. Can you kindly please fix these problems? I as well as many others would kindly appreciate it. I thought that Facebook would only get better but I don't know what's going on.....
I still give 5 stars to version 1.8.4. This version do not allow you to choose the Album you want the picture to be uploaded.
Fast app
This aap is good but improve there speed
Its nearly 25MB now...too heavy for a social network app. Should be around 15.
Videos download karaganna kramayak nedda??
App has come a long way.
Removed.  Bully tactics forcing us to use the poorly developed Messenger app.  Will use FB Mobile instead through weblink.
I like the way it's setup for the most part but I wish it would stay where I left off in the pages when I look at a photo or video. I hate having to scroll all the way back down to where I was at in the middle. And having to have two apps the message people that's stupid. I don't use it much and not happy about how much space it takes on my phone. Talk about battery drain.  Ugh!
Hiii
Good fro communicating
Nurul Farhad Chy. Rubel.
App keeps on disappearing from tablet. Videos didn't work.
Love this app could do anything
Don't have enough space in my phone for unnecessary apps.
Yeah It looks just fine
Don't need the messenger to chat. It'll just use up precious RAM. I just go via browser to reply to chats
Best app ever made I can talk to my my friends that moved I love Facebook
Love it
Loved it
Darksector
Its amazing app I loved it
now i have to install separate apps to read my messages? this is total BULLSHIT
Takes over your phone
Salam
Best app
Its cool, easiest way to energies personal connection on a go anywhere. Loving it.
Its ok   but fix it
App keeps freezing and force closes.. and the separate app for messaging is a joke.... way to go techs.
Nice
maganda nakakapagchat ako
dont force dl msngr
Finally an update that actually works
I need to get in touch. With my family
Awsome
This latest update is missing the ability to edit people you add like acquaintances or close friends please fix,  and it wants us to use a separate app just to message.  If this persist I will be deleting Facebook from my phone.
It crashes like crazy
(y)
If you would maybe let me log in, that would be great! Just out of the blue, y'all wouldn't let me log in, and i even had Facebook Messenger BEFORE this started to happen! I am very disappointed, and would appreciate this being fixed immediately.
Best sociel app ;-)
rolanborja
Nice one
love this app so much
Sucks & have to use messenger. Uninstall!
Like
It's a great app. Usefull and enjoyable too.
Good communication just freezes alotttttt
Very very bad version
Always has bugs....
th nice one
This new version is way way slower than any previous versions n doesn't work properly
Ye app bahut hi achha hai
Kevin
Great
Pieces
I don't need another app to view my messages! The chat heads were great, I could still use Facebook while chatting and didn't have to switch between two apps.
Like

As long as this app requires the use of a separate app for the chat feature, it's off my tablet. I'll do just fine with the browser. If enough people ignore the fake 5 star reviews and remove both apps, maybe facebook will reverse this very bad decision.
I just love it
Ayansiva
F**k this app
W
Its a great app but I dislike how you have to install messenger to text with friends
Very good one
Haha fb is my fav app
Like
With the most recent version, a separate app is required to message. This is extremely inconvenient, and the app for this sucks anyhow.
Having problems logs me out of FB.
Hear I am trying to put a photo status up and though I have data and Internet connected....nothing will upload. Also I don't want to use two apps for messagers. I get the idea of faster. But there is only so much storage one a cell.
Supah.love.it!!!
Thumbs up
Messenger
I think it's absolutely ridiculous you ask permission to use people's cameras and microphones. What exactly are you recording and taking videos/pictures of??????
so slow to load main fb  page and take long time for pictures to upload and sometimes  not upload at all.
Crashes every time I click on a link. It opens Google Chrome and then they both crash.
You don't have to just go online to check you messages... I only download the Facebook app to download lots of pix then unload. It is a invasion of your privacy...
I refuse to have to install a separate app to message my friends and family. Everything being on one app is fine but all the permissions needed needs to be reviewed until this is fixed I will use my browser ro access my facebook I dont care if it takes a few more minutes!!!
I didn't want to update my app, my phone doesnt have alot of memory so I have to delete apps plus you made me install a new app for messages. Thats crap and really unfair
Good
Not good
When I reinstall it, I cannot download it anymore!
Invasion of privacy like a mother fuxker
It acquire too much space... plz minimize.
One worked just fine. Not downloading messenger - I'll stick with text and the web.
Great
I love it
This app is a bit shaky to begin with. Constant crashing and freezing, but now we have to download a completely different app to check msgs.. ridiculous.
Too many ridiculous rules
You have failed facebook.
After new update Facebook working very slow i am a Vodafone 3G user i am really upset and disappointed latest version please fix this issue..
Push
This app is bullshit. Nothing is loading and veryyyy slow. Hate it completly
Loooove it
Add A Section Where You Can Find Videos Because I Hate looking Down People News feed For there funny videos  (Android)
So far so good...
Bad applications this app could not video download and every time account black or friend request black
Mehhh kinda good but laggy!plzz fix plzz thx
Update sucks. Cannot load most recent statuses. News feed  is not recent seeing status from 2 days ago.Just plain stupid
Soft
Jess
I love it never have any problems
Excellent
Horrible. Can't load my newsfeed. Keeps showing old posts... n m unable to load pics on d groups page that m a part of.... sucks post d latest update. What's happening?! Fix d thing

Its ok
All the apps are working but Facebook app not working issue some network problem please fix this bugs.
I cant download another app to chat
K
Hate the new message app
Love the upgrade
App is very smooth and I like the flat style . Facebook is my main . 
It is very slow to operate
Facebook is stupid drama!!
Is not working my fb ask for messager and not load pls solve it
FACEBOOK make an update of video chat sounds like a awesome idea
No picture show
Good layout for tablet
Good
It's Facebook, what else.
Like the new look but is there a way to switch the news feed to most recent news instead of top news?
Nt
Nice application
when i updated it..it ask me to install the messenger. why do we need to use it separately....AND THE NEW UPDATES ALWAYS LOGGING ME OUT :(
It was good earlier where in we could read Facebook messages in app it self. Now these ppl make you download messenger too.
Excellent
Cool girl
Exelente
Brotherhood
?? oh no
Face track , bs, you guys sell yourselves to the NSA or what? Pathetic
Took lot of space..!
This app is terrible you have to download a separate app that sucks you battery life. It also records private info.
Nice apps
People should have liberty to choose the messenger or old version of FB messaging.  Now its not there. Messenger don't have the log out facility so it's not secured
Cant sent or see massages. . Gotta get additional app that takes away your privecy
Loved it
Maka peste se...messenger...wizzzz io bet
How can you sing in facebook
Very very nice apps &very very strong
Nice
I will call it another planet on earth
Tlk with frnds
congrats to the best service
A semi-recent update gives FB permission to read your text messages on your phone!  Super creepy.  Now it won't let me turn off auto-update either... I'm finally uninstalling this crappy, privacy-invading garbage
Like this
Just tell me y do I need to download the messenger for reading my messages .....now is this d new way they r going to promote messenger ....It she be d choice of user they need or not... change that ....
Idk watt you guys are taking bout this app is really good and it works fine for me it's really really good. Download it
Besides your horrible updates, you guys want more permissions to supposely make this app "better".  Uninstalling.
Requires intrusive messenger
TOP
Lame that you have to add yet another app to get messages! With every update I dislike the app more.
Love facebook its awsome
Much Better
Amazing kind of social media.please remove add like messenger,
I had auto updates turned off, somehow Facebook managed to update itself, and I have no interest in installing fb messenger.... Contemplating uninstalling Facebook from my phone.
Its really nice app. I gt my old friend back through fb only..

I just want to see the status from my friends, not advertisement
Refuse to download messenger! I will be using my browser !
Superb
This application is Very fast and easy to use
It makes us download messenger hate new update change that.  Messenger takes up alot of memory and it has no purpose. Give us a choice to download it not a have to in-order to inbox somebody.
Would give negative stars. Garbage. Get your ish together Facebook. Have to close the app and reopen it to get any notifications and I have to do that literally every time I want to open the app. Also get a "sorry this video cannot be played" error whenever I try to watch videos on a data connection that isn't WiFi. Please fix. Xperia Z2
The app hangs after clicking any video in facebook. Very frustrating,  not resolved even after updating.
Awesome
Facebook Developers
All ways drama
Everything is good. Thing might start to go slow but maybe its not the app its your phone lol .. but the app is great !
Not going to download another app just so you guys can spy on me through my camera and send random texts people
Ok
Why does FB use three times more memory than any other app?
My phone 
Why should i install the messenger just to read my messages? The older version better.
Nice
Mujo
Nice
Good
Best
Can't stand the new way to receive message 
After the update is very fast and smooth, great feature to acces it offline
Hmm
No good
I love This

The app has a lot of in app features. It has to access email and contacts to find your friends. GPS to find your location, if you want that in your status or messages. Camera and Mic to take pictures and record without having to leave the app.  People are so blind they automatically jump to conclusions that Facebook really wants to invade their personal space, when it's just asking for the permission  necessary for you to enjoy this app's features.
full of error , lags , high memory usage and seperate app ? can you put the version of stable one .
Good
It's not that bad
I hate the fact that you have to download messenger to get messages!!!!
Niraj
Nice
Facebook
I do not want to download messenger, this is bull $#!t. Why, I hope stalks plummet over this
No fair Facebook. I don't want two apps to run one platform. I have uninstalled this app amd deactivated my Facebook accoubt. AINT nobody got time for that.
Marvelous.
Very very slow
This app sucks, its a joke and I can't wait till something better comes out that doesn't need access to ur phone camera, messages, and pics plus loads more.......
Awsome
Supppppppppeeerrrrrrrrrbbbbbbbbbbb.......but it is very heavy and need about 110mb free to install this app
This app sucks
Nice
Soooooo now I need two apps for Facebook? What a disappointment. Messenger doesn't safeguard your account by any login. So if someone's little brother just happens to click messenger there's no password request or anything to stop them from going in and causing havoc. Sorry but you guys. F'd up royaly!!!
Hate the look, and now I hate the fact how you have to now download the stupid messenger app! Can't you just keep facebook simple! I'm not getting messenger!
Love dis app
Good Improvements
Good app but it takes lot's of merory
Why take a key feature away from an app? It's pretty much useless now, even though it was already in the bottom of the bucket.
Facebook

This update is annoying. It doesnt let you upload pictures and has connectivity issues
It keeps signing me out
I love it
Good
Send message good
Jsk
Nice
Very slow
lay bhari
Now they force you to download another intrusive app to send or receive messages
Nice!
Supppeeeeerrrr app
Its suppper app.
Why are you forcing us to download it.
Best app ever
Pretty dumb to use another app for checking messages, might just check using a browser , just my opinion
Will not download another app
Intrusive and annoying. Google tries to install this shot without my permission. Seriously passing me off!!!
It's nice asp
I would love to have that ability in the app. Please this feature soon.

Jani
Nice app
still having issues with the memorial pages
That's the stupidest thing I've ever heard. Who would want that? How is that a good thing? I refuse to support that kind of nonsense. Samsung Galaxy Note 3
Loved it
Eats up way too much data. App Runs all the time :(
Good
I'd give it more stars, but it's stupid that I can't use the app to chat unless I download another app. Liked it way better before
It says that there is"no sufficient" space on my memory while there is a lot! 14GB. Fix this!
Super machi
We all love it so much
I set my device to notify me of updates. In the middle if working on a project, my tablet shuts down. When it reboots the "new" Facebook was present and the auto update was selected. Uninstalled app. I choose which apps I want to update and I don't appreciate arbitrary resets.
Its keeps on freezing, not responding and force closes. Need to update from time to time just to make the app functional. Its a hassle.
Invasion of privacy....they ask for permission to take pictures, video and audio recording from your phone when ever they want....im uninstalling untill they change this.
Facebook addict
Good way to keep up with ur loved ones
Exactly that I give yall permission to lick my balls when finished you can fix your app.
we need a Facebook app for Android tablet user.  it looks suck on my 10" screen device.
Job!!!!
Yowes intine apik tok, wong aku yo ra iso nggawe ne. Iso ne munh donlod install ngenggo. Kipa ilakes lahhh
Wtf
Good app
Lot of improvements in user interface.
Can someone tell me why it needs to access so many things on my phone?
Now Failsbook decides to consume bandwidth and available traffic from my data plan without letting me decide it, just in case I started to like their app. In addition, the fact that I have to install a separate app in order to keep the chat functionality really sucks. Way to go, Mark!
Do not want it.  Did not ask for it. Would love it if it would go away.
Not even worth a star
Dont make us download another app to read our messages! Thats so pointless and a waste of space! And why do you need to have access to my recorder and camera??? When you make it so that we can see our messages withourlt the message app you will get 5 stars!
Superb
A way to express a fealing with nearest one and special one also. And had a very good with fb.
Fantastic
Can't download because dnt have sufficient space but I have 300+ mb  zero stars
Every time a newer version of the app comes out I have to uninstal then reinstal.
OK
Toy
It is best comunication ever,
FB
Loved it
Hi
No good,a loot problems
Awesome
Wow
Why do I need another app just to read my messages
Messenger?
Facebook
Meh
GMC
This app keeps forcing me to downlaod the messenger app...It takes up too much space.
Thank you for the updates.
It's an awful program, acts like spyware and you're forcing me to install it. Shame on you Facebook!
Facebook is the good thing in the world and famously thing.
Getting tired of not playing videos. Reported SEVERAL times no response and still not fixed. Have to uninstall and reinstall every single time. FIX IT!
Like it,love it
I want to see all new post not just the popular ones from 6 days ago
Its pretty good
Kewl
I love this app so much I can keep up with my friends and family u should get this app!! :-)
You really won't let me read my messages without downloading your privacy invading app?!
I like the actual facebook app .. but why make me download a whole new app just to message people ? I downloaded it and it made my phone crash ! My advice to everyone - DONT DOWNLOAD THE MESSENGER APP! You could of got 5 stars .. don't get to carried away . That's why we chose to move to Facebook when MySpace went out of style. People hate change like this. I'm about to delete my Facebook all together !
I will not download messenger! so stop! trying to force me to.  I have no issues in deleting this app, so sort it out or lose another user.
Really I had to start over to my phone because it crashed it then it takes up my space and now we have to downlaod massager fo c r text like wtf is that
It irritates me having to be forced to download a seperate app to see my message. Not fun, I like my freedom to chose thank you very much. Whats worst I also like my privacy and you cant log out of messenger! Double mess up Facebook.
facebook the best chismosas
So you right a explanation for the permissions for the app??! Idaf I don't want the dawm thing !!!
Lumi124
It's a good app lololol
I like it.
Luv it
M
Deleted!!!
The best
Love it
Get rid of the messenger app not all of us want to use it and we shouldn't be forced to...it should be an option 
Zaki
They need to re add the most recent tap so we can see what's going on now not 10 hours ago.
Wtf its saying I dont have any space.  I dont got anything on my phone and when I do have the app its the only thing I can have.
Facebook
Very slow it makes ur phone slower
Good
081995868
Most retarded thing ever that you have to download a separate app just to send/receive messages. if this isn't Fixed I will uninstall
Not bad is good
Kurdistan
Just error after installing
I liked how I could log into the facebook app and check my messages, but know I have to download the messenger app in order to check my messages!! I don't really like the idea of using another app just to check my messages when I could just use one app instead of two! So that's why I'm not downloading the second app!
Sanjoy barua
Only grabbed the app because typing on the mobile website is near impossible. Unfortunately, the app is also poorly designed and generally clunky and sluggish even on my Note 3 with 2.5GHz Quad-Core CPU and 3GB RAM. Also, 23MB for a web client? This is ridiculous.
Awesome
Excellent
Best it ever had
Amazing app..the best social app for me
KNOWN
This updated Facebook really sucks...
Using a note 3 the apps got too many bugs..takes long to load and freezers its not my phone its the app
Its annoying that it keeps getting updated every month basically also everytime I go to recent or try to open a group page on my profile it keeps kicking me off and back to my phones home screen so sick of dealing with it im about to leave fb due to the constant changes
If I open a video or page from Facebook in my browser and after I'm done I close my browser, it won't automatically go back where I was... It just loads again from the top and I have to scroll all the way down again... Please fix this problem... You're having a million dollar company... Can't you just make a decent app... Please fix this issue... And I don't need Facebook messenger... It is fking my storage up... Please let it be an option again... - 3 points... Fix these and you will get five... Thnx
Stupid auto-refresh will scroll the feed back to top WHILE I'm browsing it. Also, when using other apps and coming back to FB, it does not remember the last view.
Very nive
I can chat with my friends and family
Not responding
Facebook wants to many permissions for thw fb app itself now they want us to down load a messenger app that can access your call log sms messages can send messages from your phone access your microphone and camera sounds like a big peraonal violation they don't need to see anymore than what you put on facebook kinda sounds like thw goverment has something todo with it wanting to spy on the public it all goes to show how corrupt and how our right are getting violated more everyday!!''''''''
News feed is slow and is only showing me stuff from yesterday or the day before...
Most of us have to or need to use this app but its functionality, reliability and customer support can only be described as 'Poor'. [It now uses 146MB of memory.] How much more space do you want???
I was in face book already but it was saying to sign up again, I am already in face book and have lost of friends, please fix my problem on it , Thanks
Crappy program
When playing videos on the z2 comes up "cannot play video unexpected error" and quits.
Wtf! Plz fix it. Always download error!
Don't download the messenger app. Its horseshit . Going to another social media site .
De free cal
My news feed always shows older stories from the same few people. I have over 300 friends. Do y'all pick who we follow because I definitely didn't choose to follow those certain people. Update . I swear my stories are getting older and older
Face
Thanks
The "about" box disappeared on my home page. Now I can't update things like relationship status. Please fix!!!! Thank you!!
Unless you do so, my rate for you will stay poor
Facebook
Suseelam
And I Love
My Facebook page always hugs I dont know the problem,it always have a msg say force close,wait n report, pliz help. It  also slow
Facebook was already wack and now we got to download that messenger app ?. Thats hella dumb. I dont know why they want us to do that , hopefully everyone deletes Facebook and goes to some other social network. Id rather be on myspace also it takes up hella memory.  Im cool.
Until it tells you to force close???
It could definitely be better. Prolonged loading screens over WiFi, and force closing make it really annoying.
Great
Why do you need two applications Zuckerberg? I'm so dismayed with the messenger ap, that I'm going back to using Facebook on Chrome.
Happy if more is done.
Well it is educative.
Force close and slows up my phone. Fix
Bit slow
Everyone easily gets hacked and its missing me off. Fix it or Im uninstalling.
Until Facebook gets their crap together and fix this app, I will use the Web browser instead. Galaxy S4 user
Cool
Each new update makes the app less responsive, even though important features like messaging get cut out.
Every update over the past 2 years has made it exponentially worse to the point of being unbearable.
This app was just fine the way it was, with messages. I'm not going to be bullied into using an app that crashes my phone and wants unneeded permissions. You'll soon see that you made a mistake. People will find work a work around to messages.
Good

Naan
ji
Its A Good App But It Takes Up Way Too Much Memory Space 32 MB Is A Lil Too Much Before It Used To Be Only 10 MB Nd The App WAS Perfect Hope It Gets Fixed Soon
Its pretty cool love it and like a 98.9 of the people also
Can't upload photos or view my videos
Why this could happened? I couldn't install this to my asus zenfone 5
I want Most Recent without having to move to another feed. It was fine and now it is aggravating. Please revert to old app or fix.
It doesn't let me go to my about I hate this
I love everything about this app. Keep up the good work. (:
This is yet another invasion of my privacy. First with your msnger app now this one too. FB has no business accessing my texts, photos, contact lists, even my freaking camera and microphone. Disgusting.
Simple. I like it.
Fast and reliable
I wish i were able to still use my messages on this app and didn't have to download a separate app just for messaging. The worst idea ever. Plus its made my phone slower and has been causing it to act up and freeze not happy almost want to get rid of Facebook all together because of this.
The app doesn't load properly and not at all sometimes. Takes upto 2 mins to pull a page, on top of that the extra, useless messenger!! I am gng to stop using facebook if you can't limit your shenanigans!!
Ya noce puede actualizar como el andro 2.3
Know how to use it
I love it!
Very Fun and easy to stay conected
Perfecto
if I wanted to share the content of my phone I would put it in my status and if I dont have fb messenger dont let people send me them fb is getting like big brother n probably selling our info on web app has messenger as one app still fix it and I may install keep it as it is and I will be tweeting instead!!
Way too much invasion of privacy and memory taken up.  Terrible move FB.
Fb was fine Without new messenger...hint Don't fix something that isn't broken
Very nice it is
Freaking awesome I love it..
You chat
Kevin
New fb sucks go back to the old one
It's a beautiful app
always stopped
I would give it a five,but it still force closes.
I like it
It's usable n it's worth using
No I will not download another app for messenger.
I cant upload any videos it was uploading but new version wont download plz fix it fast then i give 5 stars
Feeds keep refreshing automatically for new stories when I'm trying to back read older posts >:(
Hi. I tried to log into my account and it said I needed to use my phone # to verify my identity
Ummm i cant sometimes read my messages to slow then my news feed comes out late
Not so bad
i want to see new storys on my news feed not just the same one fix it an ill give ya 5 stars
I keep getting an error message when I go to my news feeds I can't get new stats.  I'm still getting error messages with this app! I'm sick of it! !

Good for sending pics and talking but layout could possibly be better
Invasion of privacy is my concern.. Why do we have to accept those terms and conditions. No sir. You have failed.
Facebook is going down hill, fast
The About tab on the app has gone missing since the August 5th 2014 update of Facebook
The end of Facebook will be this app and its updates
Lovely apps
I luv f m
It's alright
Good
Awesome app...loved it
very fast way to locate a old friend and connect
This new thing isn't quite the easy task for an old phone,it causes crashes.. And god its so girly make it more universal at least or DISABLE IT. Let the Facebook app be the messenger too again .
Very good app
Yes
I still haven't been forced to get it ..but most of my friends can't message me unless on web.. Really? I'll never get the messenger app.. Is useless when u have it through fb..
I m lovin it
Faebook
Not bad
Awesome
Drains battery. App is really heavy, takes time to start lags a LOT while scrolling
Its ok but the fact i have to use crapy messenger separate is not easy, not worth it and a waste of data.
Good
Just need to add copying text feature
5in
Needs way too much of ram
I hate that I have to download messenger just to get messages for my business.  And the fact when I log in it shows top stories from the day before and when I refresh it still shows the same newsfeed.  Seriously thinking about deleting if it isn't fixed.
Nice way to stay connected
All these permissions to invade my privacy and then needing to download messenger to receive my messages this can go viral and it will hit the courts Oh yes there will be a lawsuit for this invasion of privacy! Good by fb app
Still bugs to be fixed but better since the last update!
Cool
Very nice
Thx
Vim
Ranu pathan
Some bugs needeed to fixxxexx
Facebook sucks
This is great to chat 5 stars
Good
Refreshes on its own, I have to download a different app just to chat with people, doesn't always respond and sometimes crashes on its own. 1 star
Stupid idea.
I dont want to read my messages in a separate app, as of now I am forced to download the messenger :( I prefer reading my messages on the same app
Loading takes too much time.
You have finally done it !! You made Messenger a DEFAULT and now your Reward is BOYCOTT and DELETE the FB App !! Great job FBI, I mean FB App !! MAJOR FAIL !!!! Aaaah, Twitter is looking better, or no, MYSPACE, THE ONES FACEBOOK TRIED TO OUT DO !!!! MAJOR FAIL FB !!
I never tried it never ever
Its a very essential soft for fb but FB messenger totally stupid app..That run automatically.
Thing became more complicated
Huhi
It's. Great
It Won't log n
Good
You don't have to download the messenger just say... remind me later and you can use it
My fb will not open or opens then a note pops up stating fb is not responding. Please fix asap then my rating will go back up.
Wow
Pressing the globe tab to see comments often shows some old page with comments. It doesn't show and overall view until I close the app and reopen it.
App is getting time by time tooo slow.
Hate the idea that I need an additional app jus to make this one work right.
The cache on your app, I  downloaded  it 20mb or so ok that's cool....as soon as I log in it jump to 60plus mb and just keeps getting more and more ...even when I force close it...don't understand, I can't believe how slow my phone when I use this app..man what happen to u Facebook!
Kool
cant reply to comments :/
Very good ape
Love this
Great
Will not load my news feed if u fix it I'll give 5 stars
Awesomeness!
Greatest
Sucks... Dont download the new messenger
Very good
Very fast
Can't even message people on Facebook, I don't like messenger, so I now use Facebook on browser, because it's the only way I like. Way to go Facebook. DELETE
Let us chat without downloading another ap. Very displeased with facebook
Paarah update malah FC :/
Shove Messenger down my throat, I'm done. And from the looks of the reviews and the web, this has been a massive miscalculation on your part. Admit it and put things back.
Make the messages work :/ :/ .. I will never install the messenger because my ram is 512 and  the messnger get the mob very very slow :/ :/ :/
I shouldn't have to download another app just to read my messages.
Ok why is it taking a long time
Separate Messenger Is Stupid!!!!!!
Its facebook. :-)
tk7
Yo what's going on!?!? I can't watch videos it says that an unknown error has occurred please fix
The best app
Not happy with two separate products. Not the business!
:)
Omar
Loved it
Panbir bairwa
face has taken a generation of people and used this app to either make life very convienent or destructive.
Waw
-
Can't tag people in groups anymore after update.
Hey Facebook i love using u that's all for now bye!
Making my already slow phone even slower. Thanks a lot.
Prefer the older version
nice shoot
Excellent app
Dis is bad it takes too much data for FACEBOOK! Wtf
Forcing messenger on me ticks me off! REDUNDANT FB ANNNNND you're taking up more of my storage! PLUS the freakin thing doesn't work! AARGH!  Edited to Add- ever since I was forced to install Messenger, the rest of Facebook isn't working...freezes up, boots me out, slowwwwwww...did THREE uninstall/reinstall s...STILL doesn't work! READ YOUR REVIEWS FACEBOOK! IT'S NOT JUST A FEW OF US! UNINSTALLED UNTIL I SEE POSITIVE REVIEWS AGAIN!
App
Great
Loved it
I don't like how messenger and facebook is separated

If you are going to take away ability from the app, don't force it to notify me of things it can't do. I'm not getting 2 apps for one purpose, and I'm about to uninstall this one if it doesn't keep pestering me to no end about messenger.
Facebook
I can't uninstall this!!
More frenz we get..more fun..
Sometimes Keypad vanishes while typing :/
Awetdice
great way to keep up with family an old friends..
I can't download it in my experia incompatible update. Help please.
I have to download messenger to see my messages!!Please help me and I will give it 5 stars.
Like
Always there!
It blows. Keeps erroring whilst loading timeline and keeps typing to upload old profile Pics. Nightmare. Please do something!
Why does FB require to know, do, and record so many of my private things? they can take audio and videos whenever they want without our permission, know our whereabouts, and too many other things they have permission to do. A social network should NOT be into my personal life like that. Deleting this app, also because they require messenger now which also has lots of permissions when you download it.
It is frustrating that I keep getting  booted out. I open the app and it takes me back to my homepage. Doesn't happen with any other app on my phone. Please figure this out and fix it.
Jorduela
Better than before
So nice
I like having the convenience of FB on my phone, but after downloading the messenger app it interfered with how the rest of my apps worked. Many of my apps end up closing or not even open. After undownloading the messenger my apps started working again.  If this is fixed so it's compatible with other apps, then I'll rate it higher again.
Lags a lot. Takes a lot ram to use but it's alright. I also don't like how the videos automatically start playing. That makes it even slower.
Mario olwethu
Yup
The old facebook app was more beautiful -.-
Great application but can be faster
It's worth...
I love it keeps me in touch with family and friends
kurac zivi sa hiljadu bagova
And let them reach to their msgs without forcing them to download another app
Just need the one app thanks
videos wont play.running very slow. lots of bugs to fix.please
Everything you wanna do can be done in a usual, sneaky way.. No need to force stuff..
No pudeser? Que siempre Pasa lomismo?,,,
no
Alaikom
because  u can talk to people
No mierds
Jai
Very useful... Everybody loves it...
El Escorpion Boricua
Layla
keeps getting more complicated and continues to gain unnecessary add-ons and pointless bullshit
I love it
I cant save pictures to my phone .
I now must use my lap top to stay current on the news feed. My friend's posting and everything else. Why even have a face book for phones if it's yesterday's news? Change that why don't you!
I need to be able to make all of my photos where only friends can see them. please change ASAP. I want my entire profile private
The Best app
Persian wolf
Too many changes for the worse. Only old stuff shows up. I don't need this on my phone. If I want to use FB, I will go on my computer.
This is my pife
Helffull
Awesome app,  but I hate that we need to install the Facebook Messenger.
If I wanted messager I would have chosen to download it when you kept putting hints in the Facebook app. You guys suck!
The fq is up with this. This app keep getting more and more useless. I'd rather use fb on my mobile browser
Yupp
Nice
Hi
Cool
why oh why did you have to block the messenge center
Rrrrr
I have unlimited texting and I set the text message notifications for on but have not been receiving them. The only message I have gotten from facebook is: "Facebook texts are now turned on." Please fix this ASAP so I can receive my notifications and messages.
Not recommended and no better option out there. It keep pounce me out ever time I log in and I have to download messenger in order to read or send a message. Awful app!
Takes up memory on autostart/boot
Why do I need a separate app for messenger? I'm so fed up with Facebook, I just won't read messages anymore.
Even after having this app. I just have to download another app just to read msg. Seriously, please fix it as soon or i am uninstalling it not only me but people using this aap will do the same..
I was happy with the main facebook page but not happy with Facebook new messenger its like they forced us to use the facebook messenger its almost they forced me it was coming for me we are moving to new messenger and at last I cudn't open my messages from main app of FB ? They said you have tp download facebook messenger its realy bad if who wana download it they can download if who dont wana they cant force ??? Fix this please as soon as possible ??
Bunch of crap slows down your phone gives them access to listen in take video pictures pretty much everything but take your phone. Won't use the messages I guess
Anita
Wft happend in fb app?..need fb messenger to open messages?why you doing this?for what?bring back the old facebook
It seems like with every update, it just gets worse! I just updated and now I can't do ANYTHING without it freezing! Can't comment, can't look through my groups... I can't even scroll through my feed!! Please fix this!!
Crap!!!!
Nice
I agree with the user about the tablet not holding any extra storage. Besides its inconvenient to have to log in a separate app to communicate while in the middle of interacting on FB already.
Good
Plz include the option if copy paste as u can do when u open facebook on any browser
I love it
I think it is completely ridiculous that this app, and the messenger app, requires SO MANY outrageous permissions!!!  Why do you need to record me through my mic or camera w/o my consent??  Why do you need full access to who and what I text??  It is none of your GD business what I am doing with my phone, at any time, EVER!!  I'm really disappointed that this is the way Facebook has decided to go. It used to be fun to use, now it's just a major breech of privacy.  Deleted!!!
Yup
Job
Stop sucking at Facebook, baddies
Im scrolling through my news feed and all of the sudden the app stops working and it kicks me out. This is not once or twice. Its pretty often. Fix it please.
Fb was doin good, until you put the messages apart to another app. Nice job fb.
i hate this new facebook you should put the old one
Very poor speed
Love it..
>:o you ***** people dont force me to install your bloody mesaanger.... Dont force me .... Fix this problemmm ... Hhuuhhh....otherwise i delet my account or profile... :/
Nice app
Love it
Good
Use to love this app,  that was before this messenger bullshit
My only problem is that it takes up far too much space.  70 megabites!?!? Really?!? Other than that no problems don't know why people are complaining
I love Facebook
Love it
I love facebook but every time I want to see my messages, it says I have to download messenger to see them. I don't think I should have to that.
Waseem
Love it
Invasion of privacy
Excellent
Grt app's
It is fun
Good app
To anyone that has the HTC One or higher uninstall the facebook app on your phone you should still have the facebook app on your phone but now you can still sending messages just don't updated it
C
I cant open my messages unless i download messenger and running too slow i downloaded it but still not qorking well keep on saying log in expired. . . Kindly fix this one please thanks
Uninstalled Facebook and Messenger in protest of app split. I need less clutter on my devices, not more.
And you think the new update is better, why? It's beyond horrible!
Awesome
Takes up a lot of resource and battery to stay active. Also, earlier it was a all-in-one pack for Facebook. Now have to download the Messenger separately.
Taking out messaging accomplishes what exactly?
Lots of updates
I hate you facebook
Tare
Fb nyc
More improvements needed
I love this app.its attach to friends. Nice app
I dont want to seperate between fb and message
this sucks
Force to downlode for viewing the message.. thts not good
I shouldn't have to have TWO SEPARATE APPS to have full Facebook functionality. Battery drain is bad enough with only one poorly optimized Facebook app, and now I'm supposed to install TWO? You say it's faster and more reliable. Fine, if Messenger is more reliable, it's good that user who want it have the option. The OPTION. But in NO WAY is it faster!  Like millions of others, I'm uninstalling. Change it back, and I'll consider installing it again.
Stupid app!
Rani
Gabal Hossain
What the hell is this.. Why I should install an another app to see my msgs on fb... Kya zabardasti h behnch+d....
awesome app
Don't dowload. Just read the reviews. I read the reviews and didn't even bother dowloading it. Thanks everyone for the look out. My phone is my phone for a reason. I don't want everyone knowing my every move, all my friends numbers, my pictures, and my personal life. There you go my two sense. Maybe Facebook admins need to fix this problem.  WILL NOT DOWNLOAD
in baby steps but it's getting better anyways.. also still having annoying features..
I love social media and new meeting people
Facebook is slow. Will not load full videos on Facebook with my Xperia Z2. Why am i still prompted to download the Messenger App???!!!!
holl
Bishnoi
I really like the app but it got deleted by accident and I've been trying to download it again for that past month and they keep saying they have an error 
Another fb Messenger is suck
Not a fan of the 2 app concept for messages man!
Don't remove messaging from main app, I don't need separate app just for few messages a month.
Sasi Kumar
986490
The second Facebook told me I needed to download a new app to see my messages on the Facebook app, I deleted Facebook from my phone and it won't be returning any time soon...
THE BIG WORLD
It is very nice i loved it coz it is amazing
Govna ste ukinuli ste poruke na ovoj aplikaciji.
Good app but hate the messenger app. Please remove the messenger app and let it back to facebook app!!
Excellent
Good
Ini Aceh Fetvrooom gut.be Faceboook Appp Mdel Buru  .
Anyone who ever downloads anything from play store apparently doesn't read the permissions! Every app on play store has these exact permissions as FB. In fact some have more, lol. I can still message anyone,w/o installing the messenger however the messenger seems to go faster! People shouldn't gripe they should learn to read and speak proper as well as type better too ;)
It is facebook :D
Diabetics
Fb is gud but I dnt want to download d app to read out the message.. Derz no sense..  n plz stop creating llusions fo d users.
dont use messenger
Stop refreshing my feed while I'm scrolling through! I've tried changing the settings to fix this issue but it doesn't work. And forget about me downloading a separate app for messaging. It's completely unnecessary and I refuse to use it.
This Facebook update is dope!"
Not bad but it's very slow.
Yul kick m
12011952
Works fine for first minute or two then just freezes with no recovery. Have to exit out then go back in. Then it happens again.
Hate it
Plz  improve  the  news feeds
I like. This app so much
Hate that I have download another app to see my messages
Come on Facebook you can do way better than that. Any way do not download it is a lost of mb. Get Instagram instead of this crap.
Great app
Dont like how it freezes then shuts down .. other than that its good
I like it
Bad
Why would facebook want to have access to my call logs? Serious privacy issues...
Well I installed this on a friends phone. After she read the new privacy settings and permissions ( Which is bullshit ) She uninstalled the updates and then opened play store to download a new app "Unfortunately Play store has stopped" pops up all the god damned time now. No logical explanation. No root on the phone, Worked perfectly fine before this stupid Application update.
I don't understand why people are saying you can't message on the app when I can. Maybe it's just your phone :/. I don't see anything wrong with this app(That's just my opinion)
Superb
intercontinental bridge
The terms for the new Messenger app are  totally unacceptable invasion of privacy, and the fact you are forcing them on users is outrageous. Allow users the choice of continuing to use the old messaging feature. I don't need another  app taking up MORE space on my phone either
I like it
Oxygen
Why to u want me to download messenger???? .... i dont like it .. i want to use only fb app for every thing.. i dont want many prog on my phone . Now when i go to messege on fb app it keeps forcing me to download messenger.. pls stop doing this
I am not downloading a new app.  I just won't use Facebook as much
The updated version didn't worked at all. Kindly fix the updated version.ASAP
Bad bad bad how about really fix that application you make it back not good !
N1
Constantly kicks me off of Facebook even after I updated it.
Instant messenger doesn't work...come on guys.
Very good
Good
can't live without it. so helpful in all ways
nithya
Sucks
facebook
Iam not interested in downloading another app so I can read my messages
The new design is complicated and i dont love it. I loved the old one
WHYYY
Make News Feed RECENT all the time and making people download Messenger is BS.
Gud
Superb
Get rid of messager.!!!
Deleting messenger,  possibly deleting facebook from my phone and only using it on my home computer. These apps just take up way too much data and have way too many permissions.  I have asked before and an yet to receive a response.  If you cannot fix the amount of data these apps take, allow to move to sd card.
Nothing to say about fb
It's nice app....
Love Facebook! Let ya know soon v how it  is working with new phone
Message?
Owsom
Forcing me to install FB Messenger in order to use Facebook on my phone?! I do not want your CPU suck Messenger, don't need it. I was a fan of the Facebook app - and it has gotten pokier, buggier and more useless with each 'update'. This move of forcing me to install Messenger in order to use the Facebook app at all makes it totally a FAIL. Lets add in all of the scary access requirements? No thanks. Uninstalling.
Messenger makes fb for android completely suck.....
Nise
It'd gotten a lot better!!
Great app
To remove instant messages from this app is unacceptable, and this app shuts down when I attempt to upload videos
After installing the updated facebbok app.!!  Its speed is way to slower then it was earlier.. It does not load anything...plz fix these problems... Forced to rate it low
Combine this app with your new message app. Just use 1! And uninstalling like others.
hu
Can text call and more
Awesome
Dope
Can't play ANY videos,, every video has an unknown error!! Wth
muhia nk
Fb invaded my privacy,  now I can't see my messages.  I've never used the messenger on my phone or computer.  Now fb wants to force it.  No thank you.  I just uninstalled the app.  I can view my page via internet, I may just deactivate that too.
Good
Cool app new stuff every day just the app for me to talk to my mum and friends
Love this app peace
Brenda
The videos on Facebook won't play....keeps saying : unknown error prevents video from playing
Nice..not too bad..
World at our finger tips

I Love This Softver
Try it
Facebook's
Its not just messenger that can go through your phone. Its fb app itself too people.  Fb app can go through your texts, record audio, and take pics, go through your bank account, ect.. this is messed.  I will continue going though my browser.
WHY DO I NEED TO DOWNLOAD THE MESSENGER APP!! I JUST WANT TO SEE MY MESSAGES!!
I hate having to download messenger to chat with friends.
Loved it...:)
Hate the fact that I am forced to download messenger. Might uninstall fb am together...
Nice

No messages...
Ain't got much to say about it because it's really messing up. I can't see who's on anymore. Kinda messed up now. Whoever is working this needs to do something about it. I mean come on. It's someone's only way to communicate. Now it's crazy. Becoming more and more different. Guys need to get it right.
I tried to update 3 times but it always said, insufficient storage. But my storage is almost 80% free.
Fails every time I use it. 'Problem loading news feed'. Doesn't load videos or pictures. Slow beyond belief. Writing this review seconds before I uninstall!!!!!
I cant open facebook..it force close
Excellent
Its ok but the fact that I have to use another app to send a message is crazy
Description
Everything at one place.
Fb messenger sucks there is no reason I should have to download two apps just to talk to my friends and family. Fb say its user freindly ajd faster no I think its total bullshit. That should have been up to the user to approve the update or not. not fbs choice. So I give it 1 star bc it is not family or user friendly.  If they bring back messenger nger to the fb app ill give it five stars but until then fb messenger and facebook suck
Thanks
A good app makes it easy to post pics straight from your device without logging in all the time.
90% pictures do not load on the app. Works fine on desktop site so there's no problem with the network. This app just keeps on getting worse.
Good
I can hardly see any top stories of my friends and also cannot view top comments on posts. It's the biggest social networking app and this is the best they came up with. Dissapointing
Very good
Who wants to download two separate apps just to read messages! I'm honestly considering uninstalling the Facebook app altogether! Facebook is getting ridiculous!
When on the desktop I see an album labeled videos on my Facebook page, But on the mobile app I can't locate any of those videos. Please make them available to view on the mobile app. And I'm having problems syncing all my photo albums on the mobile app and in the galaxy s4 photo albums.
Excellent
It freezes.. It shuts down all by itself.
Update new strikes
I dont want to read my messages in a separate app, as of now I am forced to download the messenger :( I prefer reading my messages on yhe same app
Nice
Why we need to dwnld another app to read just messages. Is this called updates,while removing existing features amd telling us to dwnld another app..
Ka bweshit nga diputa ngani ah... may ara na sa comoleto sa facebook ngaa damu pa biga ma messenger pagid.. kong tao lang ni,, daw bigatlan... #anger
Love it
Babulal jana
They hear all
Bt sometimes app was force to close.please fix this..
Worst
Awesome
Every time I press like it jumps down so I miss info. PLEASE FIX!!!!!!!!
Now better
Face book keeps the whole world on the finger tips.
Superior
Nice
****
News feed Won't load....Error.Past post.
awesome
Now you take way massaging?  I already found a way around it but it's inconvenient and the messenger app is a waste of space.  This whole app is becoming quite useless.   And I don't want top stories.  I want most recent and I don't want to go to the side bar to hit the [most recent] button every time I open the app. I want it to be automatic,  like before.  You are getting too greedy and will regret it later when you are pushed to the back burner just like MySpace because something better WILL come along.
It sucks,it doesn't let me see any photos,its shows the refresh sign,i have click it so many time,but still cant load,plz fiz u.u
Afzal khan
Lovely
Ethiopia music video
I love this
But slowly app
I would give it 5 stars if I could copy statuses and comments
Extremely disappointed in Facebook. You should not force me to download an entirely new app to see my messages. There was nothing with the messages on the existing app. Also why do you need to record or log into my personal phone for anything? I will not download this app and if Facebook continues to keep messages closed I will delete my profile as well. Too many other options out there to continue with this one.
I dont want seprate app for messages
Nice for Facebook goooooooooooood app
it shows I have a message & when I click on it, it says to dowload messenger & I dont want too !! I cant even see my msgs smh-.-
Not able to read my messages :( WTF is  messenger compulsory :/  deleting my profile...
I wanna see recent posts not days old
Crashes constantly and I'm not going to download another app just to send a few messages.
I'm not interested in downloading another app in order to chat with my freinds.. I think I'm going to unistall facebook as well its becoming uninterested
The same as before
Nice
This is the Worst app I have ever downloaded. It has completly messed up my phone. It closes when I attempt to open it. The messager is a mandatory download to view your messages and its incredibly annoying. How could you guys go from a great app to a complete piece of crap. So dissapointed
Good so far
Very good
Annoying
The application has to me been regarded the best, keep it up guys but try to tighten nuts because thugs are hacking our accounts.Thank you!
Had to delete the app because it kept making my phone incredibly slow and made all my other apps crash. Needless to say the app itself sucks. Messaging has too many bugs. Time line takes forever to load . I would have given it zero stars but that's not possible so 1 star will have to do. Please fix these problems.  For a website that makes as much money as it does you'd think they'd run the site better.
LG good morning Mexico
Gooood
Enough said.
Thanks
Messenger must downloads,  for check inbox Facebook.
In joy the life.
won't even let me message some one :*
Is not that bad is just facebook knows now about my penis pictures I guess my penis to big for facebook now 
Joe fahy ben delnnesen luke stafford lacey gavin Murphy Michael sullivan Andy Byrne David Byrne Conor Byrne paudie o Connor Kieran boyd eoghain sheehy
Overall good
It's a great app I give it a 5 star because I'm always on it 24/7 and I like using Facebook to be connected with my family.
Nwadys its not working as before. So 3 stars .
Posting photos still doesn't work. It's been weeks. It won't let me tag anyone. And messenger doesn't work unless I download the app which is extremely invasive.
Great app
Facebook
APP
Gatsheni
awesome
Everyone is freaking out about permissions they don't understand. Google just SAYS they could technically use the camera and such but that's not what's happening. How else are you gonna send a voice message or video when Facebook didn't have the permission to access it. Y'all need to look at ANY messenger that let's you send pictures and tell me one that didn't have that permission.
Good
But
They want too much personal info that's now required.  Bull Crap!
Facebook now uses 35% of my battery Wtf. Fix it!
I hate the messenger app it should be removed
Between forcing top stories down my throat and separating messengers from the regular app I am seriously reconsidering having a Facebook account. Your users willingly give up personal information to you. Information that you make insane amounts of money from. I WILL NOT EVER download messenger because of this, and I may delete my account altogether. Tsk tsk Facebook, tsk tsk.
Its better for you
972
I can't upload video's tho.
Best thing ever
Good
I love Facebook
Very good apparently
No messenger.
Setiap hari slalu sama
Facebook app is getting worse and worse everyday ..not working properly ...fix it fast
Amazing
pratap
Theek thaak app h  bas kabhi kabar crash ho jaata h
Great
I love it
Yes!
ok
Take messenger off
The newest updates to this app are the absolute worst. I don't want to have to use a whole nother app just to get/send messages.
Facebook is my life
Right now is all I can give (aug/14). Way too slow. Please improve
Please fix it..
Nw it work excellent 
Good app
Super
Can't sync the calendar with this app....may be the app has to be inbuilt with the phone for the sync to happen.......alas I can't sync it otherwise 5 stars
093492690
Profile gone please fix and hate that you need a different app for messages
But messenger slows down my browser
Like it
Good morning im monir akram
Neha ali
Let us have a choice!
Force to download?????                Hate it@!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Is Sucks no Bueno Bored Bored!!!!
all that every 1 needs
Facebook is bad since last update lot of programs don't work no video work
Sup noobs xP
Super
I have to have two apps on my phone in order to do the same thing I can on the Internet....
There is no privacy,  messaging will be removed to force users to download their message app. I don't need " big brother" on my phone or in my life.
I have to download another app to msg
Sangat baik
It is OK but not good
Not about to download a separate app.
Face book
I love it
Uzmarizwan
Love it
Why does it neep permission to use my camera, microphone, send SMS mesages, place calls and all my personal information on my phone without me knowing.
Rana
Messenger was wonderfully integrated and now it's gone
I love so much it
Its my zaroorat
I like it.
Forcing people to use a separate app for Messenger and it is being hacked left and right because you can't get your security straight. Is total crap
Y is do I have to download a app I don't intend to use? I do not like all the added news items from things I am not interested in. DB is worst than ever. Too much crap.
Ajay sharma
Am not getting notifications do something and I will give it 5 stars
Come with me n my fb
It is terrible.  I really don't a prove of this! Why would u do this to us?
Why
Its jst awesome
Nice
It's facebook
awesome
Chatting with my peeps and bro's
Its good but I wish it became normal like it had message in Facebook instead of downloading messenger!
Not good
No I don't like being forced to download an app for messages. So now I am uninstalling  the Facebook app as well.
I'm not downloading another goddamn app to see my messages.
Ye ek Gazab app hai
Dont install
Thank yiu facebok for adding apps to me
Connecting people
Unstall
the best app by far the book of faces lol ;-)
Good
Its nice
New Messenger sucks!
good
veryyyyyyy gooooooooooood joooooob
Thats stupid af  im uninstalling
Coooooooool
I used to love Facebook but now having to have two different apps for just the same thing is stupid go back to only having facebook and get rid of massager your losing alot of people because of this stupid stunt
Great way to stay in touch with friends.
I do not like the fact i have to download extra apps just to send a message on facebook...it was better the way it used to be
I can't remove people from  my group chat.,fix it.
Yes
They should be banned for this.
Nice
I like it......it's really lovely aap.
Nice
But not posting any news feed after 5 mins of using facebook aap..pllss fix it
Saigon_ngoc@yahoo
Recent News Feed is completely gone now from 'More Feeds'!!! Terrible.. Nexus 5 4.4.4
Amazing
COOL
Nazim
I won't download messengers..my phone does not have the extra space for it plus we should have the option and not be forced to download it
Seriously it has to be the stupidest thing to do to make messages not viewable unless downloading messenger.... EVERYONE NEEDS TO LOOK UP WHAT MESSENGER ACTUALLY DOES.... DON'T EVER DOWNLOAD MESSENGER.
It's ok
Hate messenger. Bs
Fatima
Great
Goood
Hai friendzzzzzzz
I'm not going to use 2 apps for the same purpose. They both eat at battery life and not worth having if I MUST use both. I'll just my internet browser.
Deleting facebook app and also profile..
Big
latest view is vry nice
Too much memory usage..
Terbik
The bare basic Facebook that is embedded in my phone has features that I use that aren't in the download version, and vice versa. It's annoying as hell to continually delete the app, and then reinstall just so I can use the best features of both versions. Messenger??? What The? I don't know anyone who doesn't have unlimited texts, and your phone notifies you if you've been PM'd. It is a completely pointless waste of memory. I don't even use the Google messenger+ that is hardset in my phone.
Why does it continually update the calender with friends birthdays despite the option being unticked?
Love it
Good
Enjoy it a lot.finally meeting with old friends.
Beautiful
Seperate app for messages. No thanks. Thanks for the push away from Facebook. Needed it!
Not very good
Good app
My pages all come up blocked.  I can't figure it out.  Someone please help me.  Thanks.
Y shud I download the messenger for reading my inbox
Every one need it
Facebook developers. Please look the comment of the peoples . what the heck are you doing . please improve and fix the bulshit issues.
Zft
Very nice
Good
Stopped working for no reason at all.
:-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-)! :-) :-) :-)!!! :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-)$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$ :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-)$$$$$$$ :-) :-) :-) :-) :-)$ :-)$ :-)$ :-)$ :-) :-) :-) :-) :-)
No bad.. it help all the times.
More space needed... Why another app i have text messages already.. So sick of these bs updates..
Amazing. i dont need to go on net caffe because it is already in my phun..tnx god bless..
Its taking too much time for news feed and others in H+ also..
Im done with you guys... enough updates. ...
Change it back i dont want to install an app to see my messages!!!!
<3
Holding my messages hostage until I download a 2nd Facebook app is extortion. I tried it, didn't like it and uninstalled it. Learn to fix the issues you already have rather than waste time on what I can only guess is another revenue stream. Boo.
Very nice ape
People shouldn't have to go through all this just to get a app like how are they supposed to send something if someones phone is off I don't understand it why cant we just download the app then put in the username and password in then put the information that we want on facebook but no ...... thay should do something about that
You were doing good then forced another app on everyone great job. Need to fix
This app is a great way to contact and stay in touch with your friends and family.
Some system function not work
I can't install it in my Sony xperia E1
This app is great but has it's bugs but overall a great app.
Nice
The idea of movin' the messages is not at all gud... it'd better to stay on the old app
Nice work
Worst app i have ever used.
Works now thanks
liked
Sucks
My. Tablet not run the video loaded on facebook why?
I can't believe you have to download a different app so you can message someone is just plain stupid
It was working earlier. Now I can't login!!!
Facebook
Entertained.
It not responding.
Iftekhar khan
Mast
Last update has ruined the app to the point I hardly use Facebook. Crashes all the time and can't change order of how you view. Please put it back :-(
Hating just cause u r forcing me to download messenger.
I download the app and cant see messages so I get messenger and I still cant see messages its not my tablet or my facebook lots of other people are having this promblem get it sorted, sort it now coz its poo I mean it says u have one message you click it its says loading and then a white screen !!!!!
First I have never installed Facebook messenger and will never do.I don't care about messages. But now I get incoming message notifications from Facebook app which threatens me to install messenger. Basically these notifications are annoying annoying annoying!!! So I'm uninstalling the Facebook app also. I will use Facebook when I have the time and access to the computer. With these threatening attitude I don't want them to take over my information anyways.
Vry good bt sometimes it stops working
Why do they force us to download messenger app ?!
I do not want to install messenger.
Too much. Problems
Supar
Zameerkhatana
Can't receive notification s
Good
It is not worth having Facebook with being able to see my messages there I don't want to have to go into another app to talk to family and friends. Not to meant ion the amount of space it takes to have two apps in stand of just one with everything in it. Please give us back our messages.
Will someone please come up with a new social network that doesn't stink, or spy??? Thanks
Decent
IT SUCKS
Rane
Nice
Love it
Very nice
My facebook has a strang thing that the app stop in any moment and i must remove it and install app agine :(
App ever!
but not sure if I want to even get the app anymore with all these horrible reviews. Fb, you lost someone who was going to give it another chance... FACEBOOK, YOU SUCK.
Love iitt
Super
Without another app. Who's stupid idea was that?
Saraiya
Way too many permissions that required to use this app.
Its good
Probably the poorest version of fb,,, downloading messenger becomes mandatory and sending messages becomes verry messi,,,
Its very helpful
Updated version is slow,can't open pages and doesn't show all the news
Still need loads of improvmnts...
Very good
Anil kumar goud
Very usefull app...
Nice
Bakwas -_-
Every app gets better after updates but this thing gets worse.
Niklesh
It is taking too much ram memory
Superv speechless

Just a fun way to meet ppl
No most recent
Use it
Very Useful
By tlfar the best social network app
Can't get on facebook most of the time you can't get on facebook because it stops responding
Since most recent update it freezes and crashes on the s3 all the time.
I can't read my msg anymre.so its sucks
If facebook is going to make me and other people download a messenger app just to view our messages, then i am left with no choice but to delete my fb account and delete the fb app.
Im not downloading tht stupid messanger app
Nexus 5.
Where are the messages? I CAN'T JUST DOWNLOAD 2 KILLING MEMORY APPS! Messages are important for a lot of people, FIX IT NOW.
Good
its ok
This is by far the worst update ever.  Don't try to fix what ain't broken.  Recent updates doesn't even show recent updates at all.  Edit: Newsfeed error, I'm not surprised.  Edit 2: Since I was forced to download Messenger just to read or reply messages, it just slowed things down. I never used the messenger on browsers and never on the FB app, so why was I forced to other than gather my information via permissions.  Uninstalling the fb and messenger apps and sticking to browser.
Separated apps what a shame for such developers,  I need 2 apps to read my messages,  shame
Really starting to dislike......messenger.....sucks......what was wrong with it the way it was...... if it ain't broke......
Awsome App
Very stupid of you to force messenger on to users! I rather check everything on a computer, so thanks, but no thanks!!
Vry good
No messages anymore and I refuse to download another app (for the same network) that takes up more space. we shouldnt be forced to use another app for our messages.
Dont know why it doesnt works properly. It doesnt delivers my comments. And many times it doesnt posts my status.
Happy easy going honest person out spoken person.
Its taste like blue dream and smokes like a train
Cool app like it but it get kind of messed up sometimes
Facebook
Gayyy
Ok
Kurang memuaskan
Facebook you can do much better
Good
Just Facebook with all Facebook has to offer please. No extra apps to messenger or stuff like that.
I love it
It was nice..... not anymore
How are you going to create a media site and yet have to use another app to talk to others. Facebook sucks now making all the wrong choices with its app updates.
I gave it a four just because theres a few minor problens other then that its ok
Wtf no messages , what's the point
:'(
Superb
help from facebook
V good
Not bad....but slower than FB Messenger
Hallo
Antroid app slow
wow
Imran shaikg
Fruitful Social Communication
Ajazahmad
Very good and I like!!!!
Ok
It is now perfect
Make posible for everyone to unblock himself from another person who was block a person plz plz plz
Simply read what the messenger app wants access to on your phones it's ridiculous and completely unnecessary.  I deleted Facebook because of it.
Is there a problem with you or what.... First of all this Facebook app is like soo heavy... N it keeps on stucking every moment I use this... 2 of all we need to install a fb messenger to see our msg... Is some kind of a joke to u?? Do fix it
Great app
Its more faster
Great love it
Will not submit to Facebook Messenger's prying eyes!
I need the messenger app? Why? What was wrong with the way it was? Freaking stupid. Eff you, Mark Zuckerburg
:-) :-) :-)
Android
Since it FORCED me to download messaenger...
The FB app and the Messenger app have become too high a price for "instant" access. Will only use website version going forward. Bye phone app versions!
Yy
Its loving alll
Bring back the old message at fb..until it fix,I'll give 1 star for now..
Do they really need to know everything?
Please restore messanger
after I installed it always Giv not responding
Tirtha
I need my messages in my facebook not in messenger..this sucks
Love
The message thing obvoiusly sucks but also I cant filter my wall from popular to newest anymore and the same post have been at the top of my wall for 3 + days. Who wants to look at the same crap. Fix that.
5 *****
Good
baddddf
Superb
Fb is just awsum app..also,Helps  to know abt world's xcitment n makes u self update!
Not bad
Facebook
Good
Deepak mehra
it is very good ap mark zukber i love u
I do not want to have to download the messenger app. That's Wrong Facebook!!!! What are you up too???
What the F
Wow  i rate 5stars
I hate when I leave app for a second or two, it feeds all the way back to top. It takes a while to scroll back down to where I was reading. Any one else dislike this?
I have no experience but i open first time this a/c beacuse i heard and read narendra mdiji and amitabh bacchan also use facebook thats why
Just uninstall FB then install this one (last version with Messenger): http://bit.ly/ViPOnC
But u cant see more then 20 people who like the page :@
Patel
Awesome app
Uninstall until msgs work against
Bloody u think we r gonna download another app for just messaging don't think so,as if we r gonna waste our battery behind this hopeless system
Good
Jutt  saab
The constant crashing, can't watch videos, and now you want me to download another app to send messages? No way. This app has gone to the dogs.
Like!
Wonderful
W/e
Malek
Can't move to sd card and takes too much phone memory
Facebook has become ludicrously intrusive. #twitter4lyfe
Love FB.
This is fast friend finder that I ever had. Loves a lot.
Amazing easy way to find Facebook
Amazing
JUST LOOK HOW MANY DOWNLOADS
Boooooooooorrrrrrrriiiiiiiiinnnnnnnnnggggggg...
Best app
Nice
It does make communication much easier.
The update suck. Where's the new stories? I don't care about the top stories! Bakit ba hindi niyo malagay ulit ang new stories sa news feed?
Forcing users to install a second application for messages is a very bad practice. What people can do is to uninstall main facebook application and access their account from a web browser.
Just awesome speed and usability.
Good app but still need some improvement in security settings area
I don't like new fb version....  This is too slower......
Cooll
Not happy to know that I now have to download a separate app for Facebook messages.
Made me download terrible intrusive messenger app.
All in One
Good app
Galaxy note 2
Oromiya
Beginning to hate this app ready to delete and just use my browser, stupid you have to download a SEPARATE app for messaging. Then i keep having problems with fb app crashing and not responding more than 10 times this morning, keep sending the reports but nothing has changed.
Tired of an app that requires to many updates and access to too many things on my phone.
Best app
Daddy
Bring back messaging feature on facebook app!!!!! Not downloading another app. This is bullshit.
Nice
En malakia
Oooooooo
Nice app
It Doesn't let me watch videos.
Find old friends...very cute...
Efficient
Now another app for messages is required!? Why do you require access to phone calls, history and logs? Why do you need access to camera and microphone? Or browsing history? Or contacts and calenders? None of you F ing business!! For those of you that think this only applies to messenger app, wrong. Regular FB app requires this access too.
Nice
Review
After using it for a long time I removed it - I don't want to use the messanger app.
I don't want to download fb messenger app.
love it
new update has made it very slow....have 2 wait for a long tym 2 see any thing...pls solve dis....
Nice app
So sick of privacy being invaded deleting face book ALL together
Still just as crap exept now I need 2 crap apps to use it for what I want, woo facebook
no updatesss
Goodd
Why forcing ppl installing this messenger crappy privacy stealing app.  Totally failure and wrong.  Not gonna use it, there are plenty of options than that crap :@
It Makes Me Download Another App ? Naaaaa . Rather Get My Myspace Back 
Its Now telling me I can't make post or like anyone else's post that's the whole point of Face-Book
Consumed my entire phone service plan spewing information to Facebook vendors I will never purchase from -- all at my considerable expense.
Bad
After the latest update, I can't sort my news feed. Return it. You just made it worse, it was better off before the update. EDIT: Messenger download should be OPTIONAL AND NOT FORCED. Let messaging available to fb app aswell. Dafuq it's a horrible idea seperating messanging from the app.
Great social app but need to put messages back not everyone can or wants to install another app. Seems like nobody wants message app please remove it an put regular messages back.
Lags a bit
We need two apps for one site now. This doesn't make any sense.
Facebook is cool thanks was that the only thing i could say?
Internet
Pwolichu
Amazing
I see the same posts over and over; plus they arent in time order! It shows posts from days ago and I know there has to be newer ones. I have 300+ feiends but see the same 10 people every day. facebook sucks!!! And slow!
Good
I dont want to use Facebook messenger   Either revive the chat feature of main app or I am Uninstalling it too
Now I HAVE to download Facebook Messenger to se MY messages ?! Tf iguess this is the new way for the feds to spy on us smh .. Keep messages in ONE app instead of wasting memory space & CPU w/ a separate stalking app -.-
Can believe you force people to download extra app to message other people that can't download the app..... I hope someone else creates similar app so We can deny FB untill you put back messages on fb again..
I still can't watch videos I'm going down I star
Messages are removed. We need to download messanger. R u crazy? Two apps for facebook??? It eats up our CPU and memory. Disgusting. Messages must be returned to fb app or I would prefer using browser.
I use to like Facebook but now you are trying to force me to download another app just to read messages it's not right... I am not going to download massager and will more then likely be deleting my Facebook account unless you fix this and put it back to the old way
Goog aap
Raj
Facebook is a great app, I can contact my friends & family easy and fast.
Very social
Vuclip
Super app
Tired of trying to download because it says about no connection of some sort.  Or it refuses my email or password.  It seems like I am constantly changing one or the other.  My family & friends are confused as to where to go for me.  Please understand I really did enjoy facebook.  Got to find some people have not seen or just to talk with some of my family who live far away.
Nice
The best fb for my tab...
Coooooooooooooooooooooool
Hate the fact that I have to have messenger to read my mail! Ever since I downloaded the messenger I am constantly getting the force close message on both messenger AND Facebook! Fix this! It's ridiculous!
Runs almost flawless but it freezes then crashes. But that's every blue moon
It won't let me download the freaking app.
Liked it..
On the news it said it was a virus, and the news never lies, it said that there's this webside that the hackers make you enter just by looking at a video and by that that hackers can spam your friends! This is absolutely for your safety so please don't download it!!!!
For new fr.
late notifications n messages!
Good app
Slow and does not work half the time..
Love it
Good
Customer Service Represenative
Good
Facebook app works great but in order to massage I now have to install Facebook messenger. Never going to happen; after reading several articles on what fb can do threw this messenger app I can't believe anyone would use it! Put emailing capabilities back in Facebook app and I'd give it five stars. Keep invading the privacy of your faithful users and Twitter will be the new Facebook for me. Despicable, shame on you Mark!
Right
Forced to use another app for messages. I'm switching to web version. More privacy
It has a profit to give the pasword only once at the begin                                         it is
Wow
DONT like this new update its a piece of crap please fix and I hate the fact that you have to download the messenger app to see messages what's the use of having both the fb app and the messenger app makes no since to me plus the messenger app wants to use my camera for what you guys need to step it up seriously
I don't know if it is possible, but a "are you sure you wish to quit?" type button would be great. Most of the time, l hit the 'back' button once too often on my phone, and lose my place in the app when l come back.
Nnnn
Raj
hehehe best
It is verry bad app
Now without messaging
0723050375
As mentioned by others, requiring a separate app for messages is bad. I'm not installing another app from Facebook.
Very very gud app

Hi
Error in connection?? My net is working perfectly and still it seems it can't connect can't even open and it sucks too the core..! Plz fix everything with this stupid app
Alsom
When you stop spying functions of the app it is not working properly
Go Fb
I liked it
Plz apply  more options to this app
very usefull  app. .
I like it ..
I bought a ZTE Merit(Android) phone 3 weeks ago & for the last week or so have had  nothing but trouble with facebook & gmail.
Ahmad Kashif
Nice
The news told everyone not to download messager so idk why we have to do that just to read our messages. Crappy decision Facebook.
Good ap but terrible data usage
facebook
No messenger forcing to download separate app. Privacy issues and what not no Bueno . Facebook has done too much already
Very nice
Super
These permissions are getting a bit out of hand. I can see the news headline now "Facebook user information hacked and leaked. You're all screwed"
Good apps
But the thing is i always have to click Most Recent to be on the top. -
Late Notifications ... Takes more time to load if compared with browser...
we cannot select or copy text...this is very irritating...
Just excellent application
Loved it
I
Crap. This and messenger, which you're forced to get, both rubbish.
Nice
nic social app
Good service
Just updated it and Iam not able to see recent post of my account .....
Great
The dummies things that fcb done is adding messenger as separate application to main fcb. It obvious that none of its users like that.So the big question is what is behind this?
i want thiss social networking site to contact my friends anywhere anytime, i love this.
Forces you to install messenger app
Loved it
This is awsome
Some times, this app not connecting to internet and showing that 'connection problem or network error' but there is no problem with network & internet., Other network apps working normally. Please fix...
Like
uffff
Not happy at all with the way we are forced to download a separate app to see our messages. PLEASE change it back.
Application,  nice.
When we send a request to anyone so a popup message came session expires please log in again plzz fix this problem
Jahan
Tgg
As a developer, I've concluded that this app spies on us.
This app does not install
Crappy app dont install
Nice
Bane hawe
its usefullness has dwindaled to checking news feeds... please removE the block on the app messaging... i will not and shall download ur messanger app!
scold to the top to see new feed ???
2 apps for FB? It took big storage space in my mobile.Inconvenient for users. Applications are slow.
Connection for frds
Independent messenger?? A big NOPE. until next update still the same, i'm off from fb app
I'm not downloading 2 apps just to use my messenger. I am also now deleting the actual Facebook app and will most likely be deleting my profile. I don't need you guys recording me and changing my options at will. God this company has gone down hill and you all don't even care. I seriously hope you guys tank.
Best
wow really nice apss it's helps to talking with our relatives..
U should update it so the videos don't play by them selves it makes it really slow I hate it
Great
had to remove app because phone crashed because of facebook reinstalled and found memory used but no app still crashing wtf used to work also messanger is useless thru phone if it aint broke dont fix
Awesome
Very Good app
Nice.....
Super slow come on Facebook
The app was pretty nice, before they shut off the messaging feature and attempted to make you download a separate app just to send messages through the phone.
Next Facebook will slip in permission to sell my soul. Facebook has no boundaries with the information it wants from you.
Why should I download the messenger with it
Sakina
Its o.k.
It is so fantastic apps
It's okay
this app is very sowly and bor  app loda mari ni app
Very good
No msgs in fb such a waste n messenger is just worse!! No use of fb aap now
I used to like Facebook until all the updates stared especially , how we have to download messenger to send a message.
I use Facebook all the time. And after downloading the app I'm always up to date with my friends
rubel hossain
Vere good
whenever I try to send a friend request it automatically logs out and forces me to log in again..crap!!
Good app..
Both facebook and messenger app decide to selectively load.
Ok
I like the site
It's a amazing way to keep up with family
Ausome
Messenger
Sovannara
Facebook
I hate tis app coz it has no messenger
Like
Good tin to ave is facebook
Thus messenger crap is stupid, and it keeps updating my news feed when in scrolling through it!!!!! Ugh!!!!!
Pls dnt connect the facebook app to the facebook messenger app. Its annoying that i cannot send a msg in the facebook app, that i need to install messenger. Like,hello people, we need choices!
Super app...
Happy
I love my India
I DONT WANT TO INSTALL ANOTHER APP THAT ASK MY PRIVAT INFORMATION (SMS, CALLS ETC.) RETURN BACK MESSAGES IN FACEBOOK! TILL THAT MOMENT I DELETE FACEBOOK!
This Apps is great;I like this apps
Social Media Great
Great improvement for one of the most used apps.
Message
Its really ugly I dont like it at all. & why do i have to download ANOTHER app JUST to get my messages?! DUMB! I uninstalled both Facebook& the msger app... Done.
With the new fb .i can't download video from fb.can u fix it?
This is very good android apps
Like it
Fine
Its not working
Amazing and love it
It won't open and run on my phone
Until I download messenger just sucks
Anil

Jhakash
Not bad
No 'most recent' in news feed!!!!!!!
Better
cant install in my xperia e1 du after update .. always incompatible update..
3*
Recomend it
Have to install fb messenger to read messages and it doesn't show the notifications on time, when I send friend requests it automatically gets signed off
After a riot over losing messages and secretive small print in messenger app, glad to have it all back to the way of was before.
Ginalyn
Mokka
Each and everything I get on Facebook it freezes up almost always you guys have to do better
Love it!..
awesome
Nice....
Awesome
Please let the program ask me when I want to play vedio to choose the media player that I want as in facebook version 3.5.....Thanks
Yeah
Yes
Losing the messaging function and having to download a completely separate messaging app does nothing but take up more storage space & cost me my time opening yet another app to see my messages. The messaging function needs to be integrated back into the facebook app, massive privacy issues aside...
Nothing new
My notifications don't work eventho it's enabled it wont let me know, got to go into my app to see , my tablet is fine but my cell phone no. Please fix the problem, I got the Samsung Galaxy Discover
Good work
Good apps
Supper
Mine won't even let me log in anymore. I have WiFi, and my WiFi is working because all my other apps are working.
But not show msg
Very bad loading on chat messages
Vry gud
Lovely
Just a fun way for communicating
It  must used by all people s
Awesome

Thanks for this app
Can chat with others.
It is fascinating
Good
Having issues with the entire app crashing trying to upload videos, still can't get some to upload. & no more messenger in app, but still getting notifications. I'm not downloading an app to run in an app, fail.
Shyheim
I Dont appreciate that messenger now has to be downloaded to send & receive messages. I will not download the app
Very good
Wont install smh
3rd Class
This app is so wonderful
Disney's World of fun!
Ok
Nice
Why do u hve 2 update evry tme?!
Galaxy nexus
Awsome
Very goood
While Facebook keeps adding new upgrades, privacy and options downgrades. I am very dissapointed in what Facebook has become.
Brilliant
I like it
Got a new phone and the application does not work
Aaj ke yug me dosto ko milne ka ye achha tarika h
Newest update forces you to use messenger app. Uninstalling! I'll just use the website if I feel the need to do anything with facebook
Good
Nice App
Worse service with each update.Good WiFi good phone good weather keeps not responding or kicks me out when trying to repost.
Whyyyy
Cnt live with out Facebook. ..
My messages keeps crashing.. dislike..please fix this.. or I will be forced to uninstall.. btw I really hate the new update.. yu need to install the fb messenger to access the new fb..
i do not want to use messenger!!!!!
I hate new update version its runin so slow!!!
Keeps force closing on me and why do I need to download a separate app just to use my inboz... that's so stupid
A great way to keep in touch with family and friends
I alwaz loved d app bt nw I seem to lose interest coz of ur stupid update. Why would I download messenger whn I dnt use much of FB chat... seriously sucks nw... remove the app thng n the performance of d app sucks bigs tym... such a waste of time nw...
Bring back messages on facebook app.. other application for messages wont be a big help, it will make things complicated for the  users in fact its nonsense who ever think that it will be a big help is stupid,, ..|..
Bomb app
Very nice
Uninstalled both! Fix it and i do'nt mind I don't have fb for the mean time
Love it this app
Facebook
Facebook
I dont want messanger
Bakwad
After being updated the app become bery bad in performance. And moreover it is not opening any notification.
Good app
it keeps on saying download messenger for which i cant see my messeges and it is a waste and the main part is it dosent downloads it stucks in between 91-92%
Amazing
Best
Nic
It takes up too much space other than thats is okay
tiger
Sip
good song
My facebook always closed when i got new message pla fix
MASS OF ANDHRA
This is the media to transfer our feeling to most of the guys
Use this app
People tend to abuse fb but its great i love it
Itz okay sometimes an sometimes Drama
Good aap
Great
Itz an ultimate app ..m jst lovin it ...muaahhh ..
Facebook for android
I love the app
Toooooo much slow..,,,need many important........
Facebook
Between ridiculous permissions, doing stupid things like patching dalvik, and attempting to force a whole suite of apps, it's a wonder that this company still has so many users. Their content is awful anyway.
Keeps freezing have to close and reopen  all my other applications work
Stop make an update if u dont know how to make it better.. Auto going up page didnt make us feel comfortable..watching video always stuck in the middle..worst update ever..
What is this!? I can't see my messages without messenger!? Please fix it asap or I'll uninstall it.
good
I LIKE IT
Afraid you app might compromise my privacy. Love the old app. Update sucks
Crashes way to much, everytime I try to watch a video or tap on a  picture it crashes.
I have to force close this app over a dozen times a day. What a load of garbage.
U want me to download a separate app jus so i can read my own msgs is fuckin stupid an u wanna record my audio an video I THINK NOT!!!!!! Thats my privacy if i wanted u or anyone else to hear or see my vids an audio id post it to fb point blank some things r personal an not for others to see.IF U DO NOT FIX I WILL DEACTIVATE MY FB ACCOUNT AN TELL EVERYONE I KNW TO DO THE SAME BUT BEFORE I DO THAT I WILL POST A STAT TELLING EVERYONE WHY IM DELETING MY ACCOUNT. ONCE THIS IS FIXED I WILL DELETE THIS RATING AN
Bump this app and the messenger app.
Terrible
Crashing oftenly when im posting.. it sucks :x.. using sg s5 as of now fix this pls. Thnx
Was fine until being forced to install FB messenger just to read my messages that I could do so only last week. Two apps to do one thing is not my idea of progress.
After the latest update it's very very slow.my Internet is working fine but everytime it's shows error loading news feed, I can't even comment or like. Before updation it's Ok.. I gave two star after latest update. Please rectify..
Good
Atttttt
All up in my business, wtf. The permissions to down this app are clearly a invasion on people's privacy. What do you need to be in people's business for? I don't know about anyone else but I know that I don't want some stranger going through my phone(pics, contacts, calenders, web history, record audio/video). Y'all done lost your fuckin minds!
Ok
Kanakaraj
Nice.
why can't to installed?
mohamed654321
Stupid social media crap
Hated it
Parag
Super app for android phones..
I don't like your new policy that force people to install messenger to see their messages.
Don't like that I have to download messenger to message my Facebook friends it's a waste of time and space not to mention pointless and I also feel as though Facebook has taken away a lot of the user's privacy which is just completely wrong
Delete that facebook measenger i dont like it on my phone plss nxt update pls take it out.
Facebook
I like to chat on Facebook
Initially the Facebook app used to be real bad. Now it's worth it... doesn't hog like it used to
Its getting slow day by day for my note 3 ...notifications r not seen now bt overall a nice app
Vry slow
I will not be downloading the message app....I like it the other way when we were able to see our messages in the original facebook app and I am seriously considering deactivating my Facebook. You should not have forced a second app on people it might just be your downfall
I have never ever seen any app work a poorly as this one does, is it updated frequently to keep you surprised on what features won't work currently i can not post anything! Update!  Now being forced to download messenger too!  This app will use your data when someone messages you on facebook, can record from your phone without your knowledge, and read the data from your phone. IF YOU VALUE PRIVACY DO NOT DOWNLOAD THIS!!!
Facbook
It allows me to access free data offered by my network provider. Which I cant access when using the default browser. :-)
Meenaraj
It's just got worse by each update. Permanent 1 star
great app for me
Hi
Thanks
Forces to install messenger now to read your messages. The messenger eats much of a RAM and makes the phone slow. :/
very Log!
like
Nice
Like
Plz, my facebook application is not working
One of the best app in the world
No need messenger....
Loading so slow despite good signal
This one unstable app. Is it bad programming or is google slamming them. My phone can do without this.
when we use it better way .
Will not send login codes!! Two step verification is now so secure, you can't get into your own account!
Amaze
Good
Open app it shuts itself
Facebook is straight up stalking us.
Get back to normal!!
Cool
Best app
15031968
I love it!
loved it
Bahadur 14
If u decided to work messages solely in Messenger, just leave the Message tab there.
Love it
I jst gave  3 stars bcoz I hav to download a separate app for seeing my messages!!
i love facebook but it occupies so much space on my phone...
6:00 PM Tuesday 12 August 2014 (HTC One Max)
Number one.
Hero
Niri e chbal a
I want to keep being able to send private mesages to my FB contacts from inside the app. I do jot use messages to continously chat and therefore do jot need a separate chat app. I am content with whatsapp for this matter.
How can I get my news feed from newer to older post? My news feed only show yesterdays post.
Alert! Facebook steals your data! Alert! 
This app wants way to many permissions for me.  I'm uninstalling and using the mobile web browser version.
Its take too time to synchronize,..
You can't take care of anyone else if you don't take care of yourself.
Plz let everyone know the terms and conditions on this app gives them rights to take whatever info you have on your phone and change anything without telling you so you could end up paying for it it also let's anyone else do this that is linked to you its a big eye opener and you are now being forced to have this app as there is no way to message if you refuse this app so much for choice so many celebs have said no to this don't download it on your phone whatever you do my pad has apps now chashing
No one wants to download another app just to chat. This is a burden and takes up precious space. If you thought this would make Facebook more popular well you were wrong.
Why do I have to download the messenger app I could normally just read it via Facebook....
Perfect
Allahwarayoj@. Com
Not able to edit own comments :(
f*** messager
How many app i need to talk my friends?how much ram size facebook need to use it ?thats too much we should use anthor site
I love it its cool but i hate messenger
Juma
It's still akward to find some features.  Also facebook for mobile is starting to get a little bloated, considering it takes 2 seperate aps for full access.
I can't upload some videos from my phone,PLEASE FIX THIS!!
Forced to download messenger
Not liking the whole invade your privacy BS to sell and trade your info.
Lame. Where's the original messenger? downloading a separate one would be a hassle for the space and ram for the phone. Get a fockin brain man.
Good
Fun
Latest update was bad. Previous one was better.
Love it
No way I am gonna install messenger.
Its a wanted app for every one
Its faster
Its a world wide social netwrking site I m lovng it becouse it gave me my friend who r lost somewhere in the past guys
:)
Thanks
Facebook
It will not up load like it suppose to
It
I hate it its depressing
Why u forced to download the facebook messanger even i didnt want it.plz dont force to download bcz i dont want it plz n plz.
Now I have to download two thing, Facebook and messager really. Change Facebook back to it was before....
Nice to use
Sorry this new version is so inferior I have to use facebook via google search. It is a moron who designed and approved it.
No longer able to receive messages without the messenger app, Latest news feed only gives me things from a week ago. Doesn't let me see event invites. This app is a joke.
I don't want a standalone app for messages.   The standard app is bloated enough.  I just won't be using messages anymore.
Good
Nice
Face is best
Coool
Thing not for childrens
Nyc
Kavyas
yahhh
Good
Fine social app
Pics don't load. Neither in my feed nor peoples avatars. This thing is completely useless. Update: And they took away messages to force you to download another one of their crappy apps. They can count me out.
Oh its a great app forever...!!!!! I love this app
This is good work social media's great app
Poor very poor needs more improvement
Messenger is necessary......bullshit what the hell is this yrr?????
sometimes it not work and it occupies a lot of space at my phone
Messenger app is a waste of memory.Why simply let messages in the main app:O.fix it
I like this app
Very poor decision making.
I LOVE
Got hacked,  somehow,  and now I can't login, or make a new account.
Can't message. Forces to download Facebook messenger.
Nice
it makes my phone slow and its hard going back and forth to the facebook app and then the messanger app. tooo stressful.
Fecebook adalah bagus Q
Wanna sajan
I think everyone should have it who use facebook.
Same
my life partner
I love it!
Older version was better than that....
Veru gud
Not sure
wished it had Facebook homepage!
Bad
Awesome
Very nice
New
Constant notifications about things that have nothing to do with me.
Great
Ni yg tbaik...
This is my favourite app but needs update.
Wtf seperate apps just for message? Waste more battery power & memory.
Amazing
Worst app
So uninstalled.
Very good site I like very much
Get more connected by fb messenger brada sista
Awesome
I regular use this socail network
Slow. Crashes every now and then
Not working. Should just stick to facebook app.
I love to be a part of such kind of network
Love fb
Great app
And no freaking messages,holy smurf facebook dudes
Aloo
Noch
I cant open my facebook and my messenger please help me
When y'all get your sh*t together I might reinstall. Until then I'm just going to use Facebook on the Web. The reason for one star is because messages now can only be seen on a totally different app and the weird and private information that you want access to. I never updated the app because I read a bunch of bad reviews saying how the news feed is no longer in chronological order and you can't change it. DO BETTER, FACEBOOK. YOU SUCK RIGHT NOW!
pictures coming very blurrrr fix it
Love
Unnecessary and silly uppdate. Oh and why is the FB icon bigger than every other one on my tablet? You guys think that you're *that* important that you had to bump the dimensions? Jeeeeeeeeeez.
Rajesh
good quality
Dont like having to use two apps just put messages back on, really anmoyed me. Facebook isnt same an its bugging me
No messenger
Jhakkas
Good apps
Cool and easy app
Its good
why get rid off messaging in the app and make a seperate app for it? that's just stupid. it's an inconvenience you know? please turn it back, and I would change my rating.
Nice
But it would be better if  there was a 3g mode to avoid excessive data consumption
aamish
Lack of capability to select text in any post or any other text & 'Copy' it to use it in other apps. Needs an update....
I can't acess my fb message, it always stops everytime open it. Goddammit
So slow wow
Amazing and cool design . u it's very simple and easy to use.
Good job
I love n it
I lyk it but they shouldn't force us to dwnload messenger and also it is very slow when going through the home so if it would stp telling us to dwnload messenger and would load fst
Dhjjjhfc
29
Nyc 1 aap
Laxmanapoojary82@
Aor better hona chahiye,,
But Sooooooooo slow
So good
stupied app ever
What would we do without this
Adjusting course
After the latest update it wouldn't load anymore
Awesome
not very good aap
Thank you..
#MagandaAkoTuToLKa ?
Nice
Parmod Kumar
facebook apps suck
I like it
Your app just went down to 2 stars for me. The fact that you don't give people the choice of using messenger by forcing all messages to go that way is a bunch of bullshit. Put messages back on this app and let people decide how they want to message each other.
Yes please let me know if you want to do it Yourself and your friends and family 
Joined Facebook 4 days ago and have about 10 friends
Hate it. Hate it. Hate it. I want my default feed to be most recent! NOT what they think is best
good.
Plz I request to jst remove messengr and combine it with messages
Cool maintnant j accord 5star
Photos cant show and msgnr not working
Nice
Love
Good
average
To have a separate messaging app as an option for those who like it is ok - but to force all people to switch to it, even if they hate the concept of having 2 separate apps is just a bad plan. If facebook app doesn't get the messaging option back soon - I'm uninstalling it, and I'll use the browser version.
Like it very much
Does fine
Awesome
not simple..i think if messenger and social just in 1app is good..not with 2 apps for social and chat
I like that ..   ..... ...
meow :)
This is excelled
Awsome
Deleted both this app & the Messenger app due to the total lack of regard for privacy
Every time I try to watch videos it says Sorry unknown error has occurred and I have to force closed the app
Yeah its good !

wow!!!nyc
Easy
Please provide video chat also like other apps
Fine
Made my decision pretty easy to go back to using facebook on the web browser!
Everytime i open my fb always says connection error
Its sucks. Such a worst application I have ever seen
Hate the amount of information this app requires access to!...freaking Joke!.....not worth the drama the hassle or the security Risk!
V
Nice...
Y i am i forced to install facebook messenger..
Gay
Nice
Great job
Wrong move to update facebook app combining the fb messengea app!!!
Theres no more privaricy on your phone
mmn
Add an option to save videos...
I just got a new phone and was about to download fb until I saw all the permissions you want!! If I knew this is what you were doing I would have uninstalled on my last phone a long time ago! Seems like your working for the NSA..shame!!
Lazo
Very good
Its Good applications
Makes life more easier ....
nice
Its oke maybe for now..
I cant see my new feeds always seeing post from the past days i tried to move the app to my sd card but still the same
Always crashes, hangs while reading comments, unable to zoom in on pictures.  And WHERE ARE THE MESSAGES. why should I download two apps for same thing..wtf
Not bad
It's FACEBOOK!
No more fb messages without downloading the messenger app... I refuse to download the Facebook messenger app as they want permission for access to unnecessary private things, and force me to use two different apps for the same thing. Disappointed in this new invasion of privacy, and stupid logic for using two separate apps. Thinking of deleting the Facebook app too if things don't change.
Jhansi
Its good
Cant log out????! Why?! I hate you.
perfect
Get G+ google is way better and faster believe me
I love it!!!!!!!!
Its fast and easy.. love it.
Liked it              ok
Messing SUCKS!
SURAT  Gujarat
Fb is very very
Hai
I am not satisfied on fb service
Thanks
Good
Some problem
Every one should download this app it easy and fast
Good
Owsom
Very nice
I want old version
New vriosn
Soon easy
Stupid you have to download another app "messenger" to waste more space don't have on my phone
Good
Not bad
Hayyyyy: )
Every thing on my tl say just now even if I saw it four hours ago it still say just now
This is how you tie a knot, first you need a squirrel, a tree, some cordage with a map of Korea to follow, or google maps, and your there from where you are like you are here, something like that
We want regular facebook back   no messenger app
Loving it
Osama aaps
Cannot delete this waste of space from the phone & always wants to update and be more intrusive !!!
Ttttttttt
Why download another app!!
Terrible app, can't understand how a multi - billion dollar company can still have such a poor app!!
Facebook keeps hogging memory and sucking my battery juice... I don't want notifications of chat. Really beginning to suck badly.
I cant download facebook..and I cant open Facebook on the internet. Please tell me why
Facebook
Ok.
Freezes sometimes and I gotta reinstall but it's still  ok
Love
Nice fone
I don't know why its showing all the time unknown error code..
Please fix its lag!!!! I hate lag!!!
Nice
Wat the hell are they thinking removing  messages from the app....pathetic!
94213394
Please Do This app in windows phone Facebook apps
hello wat the problem again....y cant share post now......pls fix it
Facebook
Why the f#*k do i need a seperate app for what had worked fine for years and years. Instead of having one app open chewing up data now i need 2 and an annoying pop up for every single message. Just put messages back on facebook again!!! Ridiculous bullshit!!!
Love
It is better to use messenger than  fb app
Bad apps
Facebook
The app doesn't ever refresh as it should it keeps showing the news feed from 2-3 days ago and it does it no matter how many times I update the app I mean seriously if I wanted to keep seeing posts from 2-3 days ago I wouldn't keep refreshing also it doesn't show any updates from the new pages I like
nyc
Very useful
Bloatware galore.
yesiloveit
Totes good
It is so fantastic but it needs to be faster
Ok
Slow
Good but requires about 24mb space to install
Vvvvv
kerana ia mengembirakan
Not very bad
Nice app
bat jindi gumagana ang app na to??
Ram baran thakur
facebook
Very nice
Ok la aplikasi ni
K
So I can't use messenger because it says something went wrong but that's it. I can't even use messages on my laptop for some reason. Bring messages back to the app. Let messenger be OPTIONAL not MANDATORY.
Good and very good applications
Nyc...
T
Hiii
Bharat  doshi
Facebook is life of peoples because it dont keps friends avay from us
My facebook always crashed! And now, i download it for 3rd time! Cant read messages if u do not download the messenger apps! It ate much space!
Facebook I appreciate a lot, I have contact with my family & friends your able to see what's going on in there lives other wise I wouldn't know anything that the children birth dates graduations weddings sports vacation you get to play games movies music download upload entertainment concerts news I go on.
Realy good

Cool
Why do I need to download a second app just for messages? Facebook via browser works fine, so why make it harder for users? U installing this app and sticking to browser only.
awesom app...
Full of fun
its gooood
Hebat juga aplikasi ni
Great ;)
Horizons
Wooooow good.
Ok
Use too much ram and storage and ridiculous permissions
Nice i love it
I love , love , love how easy it is to keep up with friends and family . And the new friends ....what more could you ask for ?
Good speed love it
You get a notification for today's Birthdays, but when you tap on it, you see tomorrow's and next week's birthdays instead of today's Birthdays. It's really annoying.
like
Sheik
Deepak
Good
Well done!
like fr, the face that you have to download a fvcking separate app to see your messages is stupid, other than that it's all good ig.
I am not running two apps that the holds heaps of cpu and space ony cellphone.. This is bull. Please keep Facebook & messages on one app!! PLEASE!! :(
Owesommm
It just cut the messenger function n wanna push all user to install another messenging apps!  Don! t update!!
Facebook
No messaging anymore....also sucks phone battery and eats a lot of RAM
facebook
nice app
Very nice
you
Superb!
Like everyone said..I'm not downloading another app...so everybody that are not my friend on fb could read it..go back to the oldschool fb..it was a lot better. .if u don't change someone alse is gonna come up with a better idea then fb...
Not only am I forced to download a separate app to send and read my messages, but this app force closes on me 9 times out of 10, it takes up so much bloody room on my phone and slows everything else down, I can't play any of the video's on my feed ( if I can get that far without it crashing ) and when I'm trying to write a status or comment on something it won't let me type, absolutely HATE this app. Going back to the web version! Oh, and the permissions?! No you're having access to everything on my phone!!
Good
Fadddu
Sip
I feel frausted after this update I don't to force to use messenger. It become un worth to use without messege
Nyc.....
Send me req sp nagi  suraj
Old version
Stays liked no matter how many times I keep liking it I scroll back some time later and it's unlinke?? Very annoying please fix. The idea of that messenger is stupid and a burden on low end devices you guy got to make the app minimal in regards to ram and battery drain etc.
Superb
nice
Sadaruwan
Excellent
It Shuts Down On Me Alot
It is nice but booish
fast!
Haaay
Nice
gt d messenger bk
Love it
Too bad
Ha... Its okok.... Neither good nor bad
It is good for chatting . it is used in game
It is a very easy to use. ....
Good
Excellent
Superb
Love love love
Good application but consume more rammmmmmmmmm
Kalamuddin
Good
Perfect!!!! This is much easier
Sucks to have to download something seperate just to message why offer it in an app then to only make u download something else!
facebook messenger is annoying
hit
It couldn't download I hate ittt my mobile is micromax a46 plzzz fix itttt
Time passs
Nice
Zakir. Jamali
Not let me downlows facebook error 24
is the best social media
Good Social side
Need more and more faster.....it's now slow of slow...tooooooo much slow
Great app
Excellent.
requesting too many permissions for the update comes together with the "Home" put all those necessary permissions back to "Home" app please...
Better than old version. please can u make " video downloading" opshtion
Cooooooooooooool appppppppp
Tortoise and Facebook app took a race and tortoise won.. because Facebook app takes ages to open up.. what have u people done to this app?
I cant upload pictures ! I cant chat with my friends ! When im opening this application .. It makes my phone lag ., Everytime you update , it become slower .., Cant you fix it ?
Slow as compared
We not able to write message
Yippee
Facebook
Thanks
Bad bad bad !!!!! What the hell is this .
Great
Goooooooood
Disgrace
facebook
Why on gods green earth would you force me to download another app just to get messages. .. about to say the hell with it I cant run both apps. Bye Facebook!
Very nice apps
The best
Facebook made my phone super lag
After the whole "Facebook can listen to you trough your microphone without you knowing" it's kinda scary to keep this app. Cos you know, I don't want anyone spying on me.
Its olways good
tiger
Not good but its not verry fast and smart.
Kindly resolve issue asap, log in problem occur in this version.
Keka
I think this is a good app but it crashes on me a lot, also for some reason it doesn't allow me to unfollow someone & when I try to edit a post, it doesn't actually update sometimes, please fix these annoying issues.
Improve on bugs can be done AND, STOP FORCING USERS TO INSTALL MESSANGER WHICH KILLS RAM!
Star
I won't install messanger. Okay? Okay.
Kartikchoudhary.
Hate Now!!! Now is this compulsory that if anybody is using fb app he/she has to use fb messenger TOO!!! My fb app lags my phone and now I installed messenger the problem is now more irritating!! Can't message anybody on fb without fb messenger!! ARE YOU SERIOUS? 0_o If that so then I have to delete my app and thats very sad!!! Because then I will be not able to get notifucations and have to check fb via internet browser!!!
Love it
Gg wp
I am not interested in downloading another separate app just to read my messages.
Its works gud
Mindbogling app
i love this app
Wink like
I don't care if they're included in the timeline, but seriously forcing the whole screen to be a billboard of advertising crap is not a good way of making me hit the back button. Put it somewhere that isn't obnoxious for once. Also fix the timeline resetting bug. When I go back to the app from another app it keeps on resetting the timeline to the top.
Facebook
good
Best h bhai best h
After this update loading gets very slow.. even having high bandwidth internet
Very nice
There's is no message you can see on messages unless you download messenger and thats to much use of memory as well as ram fix it or I'll stick to my own web browser lots of people are having the Facebook app so please don't disappoint us !
Luvly
Its nt much gud I cnt see my all notifications on ths matr the earlier fb ws gud plz manage ths
I am not interested in downloading another separate app just to read my messages. No, it is not faster that way. So you did some studies found people get on more if the use both apps, guess that's another opportunity to advertise to us. Oh, and why do you need to record audio and video at anytime from my phone? Nope, you do NOT get those permissions.
It becomes really interesting
To the app editors, I would like to know why would you guys force messenger upon us? LAME!!!!
Good a application is a cool
Love
Its awesome app
Why do you need SO much control of my phone?  I don't want messenger either.
very nice
tooo cheap...all d idiots r on dis...
Whoa
Very nice .. but awaiting copy text from posts
Hasan
Good
Pictures not loading in this last update! Horror!
I like it:-
Like
Good
I love this app
What happened ?                                                            I can't view messages w/o messenger
its very good !!
Putang inang db to ndi magamit puro not responding..fletcher

Very good
Face book is good communication app but care full
Slowly...whyyy???
I love this app....but the only thing is they force you to install another app for messaging. ...my message to the developer is we should have our freedom for our option of installing facebook messenger. .. thats only my concern...thanks and for ur response.
kaimzzz
Facebookan Dulu.. :D *indonesia
Very good
They are very fast
Would be better if text could be copied.
Good
Woow
My life
it's worst app..
Needs to many permissions. Will no longer use this app. Do not trust it.
hate it! want the old fb.
I will not be downloading Facebook Messenger.  And if you don't put Facebook Messenger back in the main app without the ridiculous app permissions and spying bullshit. I will delete not only this app i will also be deleting my Facebook account!!
I love it
Best & Fast App as will as Easy To Use
so s
Must have!
i love it
Seperti Mastin
Nice
Without face book life is Zero
Great Job of making EVERYONE that USES this Facebook App. . .ONE MORE REASON TO HATE YOU. . .By the way THANKS A LOT for RUINING MY DAY. . .
is good but this time writes not working in the screen almost every second please work on it.
I just updated and I now get no notifications and I also lost pictures on my time line last update why can't you get it right why all the stupid updates Facebook is sacking these days thinking about unistall Facebook
bopp
K
Completely pointless. Why do I need messeges to pop up and take over whatever it is I am doing and crush my phone!
great
Awsome
Slow in loading of pictures in new updates. .
you shouldn't force users to install another program to use inbox  deleting this app. thanks a lot you've shown your corrupt behavior
Its so easy to access. Also cause of its simplicity and user friendly intetface you are always in touch with your friends, connectef with your pages and groups. Simply love it.!
We can always stay with the same app without seeing  messages on another. Facebook is just darn competing with other messaging tools from Play Store.
Best
I thought it was my internet acting up. Pictures are not showing up. Yet in other sites, pictures are loading. Fix this.
Not happy that you can listen to our conversations and take pictures with our phones. INVASION OF PRIVACY!!!!!!
nice
fb user

Latifi
V.nice
Disappointed
Good
Secure and enjoy fb
Very Good
Veryyyyy nice
I love facebook
1145
Most stupid idea ever to split an app in two parts. I really hope you come to your senses and realise what a dick move this is. If you want a separate app for i.m., make one, don't force it down our throats. If i could give zero stars, i would.
It does not log me out when I  want.help me in sorting it out
I like this apps....
Now it's just a waste of time. Nowadays u can msg any1 or check ur msgs if u have massanger app its a bug which is don't keep our chats private
Can't scroll through my newsfeed without it crashing, can't view videos, this new update SUCKS
easy
It's very Excellent app..
I LOVE IT
Awesome!!
This sucks you can't see your messages anymore.
Facebook
Jha
Good
You have completely lost your fckn minds with all this extra sht nobody wants and forcing me to do things I don't want to do .. so I'm just going to deactivate and remove Facebook and all your apps all together! YOU HAVE JUST SINGLE HANDEDLY DESTROYED YOUR COMPANY!  Bye stupid
No messages just no
Its rock
I like face book
Notification led is sometimes left blinking on Nexus 5 even after checking it. Desperately needs preloading (one post/pic at time while scrolling is definition of hell!). Seriously the mobile web version is better for scrolling the feed (with preloading!) and I don't know whether it's thanks to Google for Chrome or shame on FB for not making it work in the app.
Facebook
super
I do not want to have another huge app. The facebook app already is so huge eating so much memory and RAM. Change this!
Access to my mic and camera why uninstall.
I want friends on facebook and share your ideas and tell others what you know
Service
Exellent
I like facebook so much
Improve it
No sms sent for logging in confirmation. Please follow
Gus n lovely
Samsung Galaxy s5
Superb
No easy way to put feed on "most recent". Messages split into stand-alone app.
Gazabbbnn
Put back "most recent"
for  an old version
Vvvvvvv  Good app i love
Very slow ever  Slow
I loved 
Better fb uptodate late and refresh late...but videos playing in ur Own player Thts bad...please next update player is our own choice....now new problem....I can't msg I can't receive msg frm others...u compelled for product name fb messager u compelling for install but I m not........why u forcing to download fb messenger...no problem I using browser to see fb msg....
People if it does use most space its because of the data that the app uses.. So if you clear the data it jus clears the space.. Simple as that..
Excellent
Best
Sranje
I want download again of Facebook..but he don't work it.,what happen???
Lags a bit :/
Nice
The facebook soo good
After years of using fb, I give it 5 stars, with suggestion of keeping mb usage to run it within reasonability for cp users.
The update keeps on bugging me about the time of their posts and comments. I can see alot of Just now posts even they are posted 94729163 hours ago -_-
It only shows status updates that I have already seen. And it crashes a lot on my devices. An update could really be used on this.
Nice
Pooorrrrrr
Nice to use facebook as soon as chating also
Keep it up
Its AWSOME
Best
Nice
Actually no food this app. Must need to change this  version.
It always crashed with my facebook app. Everytime a friend will message if unfortunally stops!!!!
Super
Forid
Can't Like anything or comment anymore.
Amazing
Facebook use to be great, new mobile app you can't view messages. You can't choose whether you want to see most recent or most popular posts on your news feed so stuff from days ago shows up. Facebook is really going downhill. Oh and if you choose to download the messenger app you may want to look into the permissions... just an fyi.
All those permissions for messenger when it was working properly as part of facebook? Forget it, I'll stick to other messaging programs.  I'm not giving up on my privacy just yet!!!
My hobby. Past time.
Very nice
It takes too long to update the messages and notifications. Also news feed get stuck in things from 3/4 days back. I stay with the computer version.
Hope it can be less data consuming for video loading
why does this take so much space now...! and on top of that I have to download a hole nother app for messenger that probably takes the same amount... myspace here I cone cause I'm deleting this... or just going threw my browser...
Facebook
This is awesome
Disabled chatting. Forces you to download the facebook messenger app.
What are you doing??? Now no messeges?  Too far!!! I have many friends WHO WILL NOT INSTALL THE SEP. APP! Privacy Invasion issues. No Internet Connection issues now? Good Gawd.  News feed will not be current! No choice to make it current!  Stupid!
I" ve gone to ur old settings..but unfortunately i had to update it again coz i cnt view  videos that my friends shared to me..why is it like that..cant u jz leave ur subscribers what they prepared..im quite disaapointed although i've rated it 3 stars..this is jz my concern..tnx anyway...
It hang my phone plz make update
Why dun you just delete the message function?
Md
Love Facebook
Dammam
Hell to the yeah
due to its crashing
Super
The most to facebook
With the new updates,  I hate it. I deleted it!
It is very use full to serch the old freinds
Pardeepkumar1212
Pictures load slow, pages load slow, notifications r slow, login is slow.... I thought it was getting a bit better but now I have to install the messenger to view my msgs?? Hell NO!!
Why do i have to download another app for my messages which were in a one app before??? ALSO, Fb already has many data and kills my storage, i dont want messenger to kill my storage too.
Good
New features working fine
It always stoped when i open my facebook! I cant run my facebook any more ! How to recover it? Please fix it urgent!
Ti
App widget is not wrkng sumtimes
Enjoy every day and night it's so much good to generate and get connected to old and new friends loved it.
A fine cool & a fast app in google play store and beautiful.
Can fb add a translator for other languages for the status that friends wrote? It would be very nice. TQ..
Maganda k.c

Cool great
Removing messages was a really bad move
Thanks
gud a ji,:::::::;::::::::
Free down load
Love it !!!!
yup
Thanks for fixing up my messages.
Sometimes crashes. Takes too much space and needs internet at high speed. So I feel it's better to check fb on web itself. And now no messages also. Why the heck should I install a separate app for fb messages? Utter non sense.
It is the best app in the earth
Cool
the greater
Kenapa Tidak Bisa Menginstal?
Doesn't always respond to what I tell it to do and you have to have the messenger app now and can't just have the inbox message
Was great with this phone.  But after latest updates, starting to hang alot..
Very good
Fix chat message!!
Very good
Needs more privacy options still
Where is the originally you...message can't be read, must have messenger apps first...sorry 2 stars for it...i gave u 5 when u fix it....
fta
Connected to world
Cool
Superrrb
Facebook
Facebook was originally all about keeping in contact with friends and family ect ect. Now whats the point of Facebook if we need messenger to talk to people. Facebooks ridiculous.
Great!
It helped me alot to communicate with my famiy every moment .

Excelent
Its a nice app
Zakir. Kadir
it help me communicate my loveones anywhere
I realy like it
In the 'most recent' news feed it doesn't even show all of the most recent statuses.
I like it
Bring messaging back to the original app, forcing us to use a separate app is nonsense
Hai gys
The part that sucks is that I couldn't install it because I got too much stuff and that  really wanted it
Hayop na msg ndi mbsa
There are a lot of functions missing that the website has...
Lively
Nice but now it becomes boring..
The greatest social app
Veryy slow..
BRING BACK THE MESSEGER on this app not on another I dnt want to install another stuiped app just to inbox people when im still using my facebook app I dont want messeger, what are you doing  change it !
10
khan of khan
WTF?
FAAAAAACE CRAAAAACK!
I love it
The forced messaging app is unacceptable.
I have no interest in keeping this app long term bwcause of the messaging situation. It makes absolutely no sense to upload 2 apps just to operate fb with messaging. So stupid how much space it takes! Useless. I downloaded the messenger plus fb for two days ...... and ended up with a dead battery because it used it all up on its own. I wasnt even on my phone. Out of control! : (
Refuse to install messenger with crazy stupid permissions heck I may uninstall and just use a Web browser
Messenger sucks
its bullshit I continue to get message notifications that I can't see unless I download a new app for facebook f*** off I have a phone that I pay for service on that includes messaging unlimited I don't need another one.  if I continue to get these notifications from people some that I don't even know because of group messages I'll just delete facebook its not that cool anyway
Everything about this app completely sucks. Goodbye facebook hello twitter
Never loads pictures!  And the stupidity of making us download the messenger app also is un called for! Plus it takes up sooo much space it's unreal! Deleted the app will just use my browser!
Facebook aplikasi paling terbagus skali didunia zaman sekarang.. Very2 good facebook thanks for everything all news
Awsome
In impose an application on me
Good
Take vry much space
Give you big 0
This number one
Love it.
Facebook
Nice
Facebook
I good for d family"
But is not have khmer language
I a can't get to my notes and I can't edit or delete some things
Very good site
Carry on
Not bad
Forces me to install the Facebook Messenger, doesn't let me see News in chronological order - have to go through them in the order Facebook thinks is relevant for me!
Why d'Not download for this softwere
Why I can't open the message for Facebook app when I open my message it's take me to messenger wtf  .....
Ggggggaaayyyyy
Vimal
Improved ui .no lagg while scrolling list
This app takes up too much space.
Not bad
Good
very bad
No messages without messenger app. Really sux!!!
why do i have to download messenger to look at messages
Doesn't worthy of any stars :(:(:(:(
Ganda
Hate it. Want my old app back. Didn't want to give it even 1 star.
Slow niyo!!
If I fail to download messenger app, I can't read my messages. Where is it done? Two apps in fb for the same purpose?
Great
Fast n affodable apps
I like it
Nice app
Ghjigcvbb
I don't understand what's insufficient store . I can't update app
facebook is good application
Guys I found a work around to the msgr problem. Just uninstall facebook and install it again and then it will keep asking you to download the msgr app but you can refuse this time. Worked on my S5.
Vry unhappy with the appp as not able 2 view ma msgzzz...
Nice
Videos always come up with an error. Have to download messenger. Always shows posts from days ago. Useless app.
I like u
Bad app..dont download this...****
MOHAMOOD
Why is that you guys need to look through everything on my phone and listen to my conversations? That's invasion of privacy last time I knew...
I refuse to download a second app. So I'll just uninstall the Facebook app and go to Facebook via browser
V good
Mahesh-chavan
Nice one
Can't read my messages any more. Facebook needs to fix this soon. Downlaoded messanger and it sucks. Slows everything down on my phone. Hate it now!
In this update i cant like any post or status. Plz fix the bugs.. :-(
Very good
Its okaii not tht bad
F.B. superior planing.
Want stickers in writing posts..
I dont want download it
Best app ever since it keeps you connected with anyone you wouldnt expect.
Awesome
It gud
Get the messages back!
Don't need another app to take up space messenger is useless to me keep it simple why fix what's not broken
Good
It's  OK  !
Best
Very bad. Its take too much space... turn off notifications is not working
K
I like it
Draining  battery so much....hang my mobile alot alot....fix it...other wise i will delete it :-/
To fix 'DUPLICATE PROVIDER AUTHORITIES'
Fixed my account
Forcing people to change is never a good business move. People do not like change. Guess if you were a people person you would know that. I think you have forgotten what face book was all about in the be gaining, if so you have lost yourself in all this success. Why not let people choose? (For them self's) you have cut communications between me and certain family members all because of the bull crap mandatory messenger ship and  I'm just about to recommend to everyone I know to drop facebook!
Very intresting
Messaging in another app? Deleted, I'll just use the browser
This is really use for in keeping me in touch with my family and friends and our local news too
Love it
great
Good
Facebook


Best
nice
Facebook was okay even if it was updated but now that were being forced to install messenger I hate it. A LOT. Why force people? Its going to cause people to delete not only the app but their accounts its something I'm considering it also there is no reason to for people to be forced to download an app they don't want
what happen? I can't open facebook on my tab :( sounds like there's an error behind. when I ope it, it will be going to close. please do something so that I can enjoyed playing on facebook. Please manage this app. Thank you . I always suffered error when i open it :( i just give 2stars i will makr it 5 if the app is ok.
Like everyone else said, I'm not giving away my privacy to message people. I'm not downloading messenger so hopefully you fix it or you will lose customers. If you were testing to see how the people would react...  well you got your answer.
It gud one to connect each other
Loved it...
Loved it
Good application
It freezes a forces me out a lot!! Please fix asap
Love
Suraz

Thanks
Hi....
Thanks to the "update," I now have to change the settings EVERY TIME I use the app just to avoid seeing "top stories" from 2-3 days ago.  I already know who is going to play in "tonight's game" BECAUSE I WATCHED THAT GAME TWO DAYS AGO!  Also, as EVERYONE has pointed out, I don't need two separate apps to do what one app has been doing fine for all this time!!  MARK, QUIT WASTING SPACE ON MY PHONE!!
It acts instant
Its jst fab
I loved it
aza qinan
I dont want'd your messenger app .If youre move to messenger or ure grandm*ass ) or anywhere to move i dont care of ure move.. but dont irritated me :@  and i dont see anymore ure messenger's advertisment on my chatbox( inbox) its too much irritating me.
Gk
Ridiculous and invasive permissions that messenger app wants upon install, not to mention the cpu power it demands to run. Put messages back in the main app and stop ticking off us FB users!
Freeze alot  and you can't see the message threw fb and then  the messenger is a scam so how are we suppose to read our inbox  fix it please and thankyou
I love facebook because iwant to chat my crush
Didn't realize the permission you needed! Uninstalling!
Crap
Messanger for messages and facebook for remaining stuff....can't use both RAM consuming apps.need messages in face book like before..
Good application
Facebook have no messeges, you have to download the mesenger
<3
I hate that I have to download messenger in order to actually get messages, I have to use the online version because I don't want to use messenger
....Queish...
Application accumulates data and does not clear it hence resulting in an ever increasing application size which makes devices with low memory run out of space.
:-)
Jai
Need to show more in new feed always shows  me post that are few days old even when i click new feeds. Always miss the new status till they are few days old
Why is my wall so jumbled I don't want to see yesterday's post, and why should I have to install another app?
Bring back messaging! It makes my Facebook crash when i try to run it! This new stuff sucks!
Osme
Loved it
Bring back messaging to one app not two. Uninstalling app.
Please fix it
The fact that the Facebook app alone likes to shutdown on my phone and my tablet at random is one thing, but Facebook forcing you to use 2 separate apps between Facebook itself and messages is a dick move. What's worse is the Facebook messenger Burns my CPU, and loves to hide the messages you just typed, then make them reappear when something else is typed, then disappear again. Really? These apps are getting worse every update.
Like
Wtf. Need to download messenger app? Hell no
Highly unstable and unusable. Brings the phone to a crawl
Post speed is so slow sometimes its gonna worse
I am rating this a 1 star cause of the messenger.
I have installed android 4.4.2. After installation my Facebook application uninstalled without any notification. I tried to re-install from play store again. but installation not supported. Android 4.4.2 will not support fb?
Nice but have to uptade Rapidly and It is not able to show new feeds
good
Pakistan
Good
Its ok
Aleks
very slow and non communicative
The best app
Abdullah
Poor services. .. heavy application. . Store too much space from phone memory
Why is my Account is disabled for so long donkey years, HATE IT
Facebook
Have to download messager just to see my messages
Nice
Always an error occurred when playing a video. Hate it!   Are you'll updating it or downgrading it? Seem like making it more worst..  
Social media
E2 MB khas kere
Why do I need to download another app just to receive messages that we were getting on Facebook anyway. It takes up so much room. I have to keep deleting it. Sort it please. I don't know what possessed you to do it. I think you need some serious competition man. A serious shake up.
Super but taking too much of ram memory
This version is not working on my moto g properly...poor work..update it..fix it.
It stops working ALOT neede to uninstall and nstall alot
Facebook
Good
It's alright
Nice
exilent app.
Kitri ghogale
Every time I try to comment on something it says: "Something went wrong. Please try again." So I did over and over again but nothing happened. Other than that, its a great app. Or it was before. Just fix this and I'll rate five stars.
This is the Worsted Version I've ever seen....sometimes When I Open it..it is not Working on my GPRS...also When The Image Download Quality Is really Bad
Hey im back u cant keep me down lol
Saigon_ngoc@yahoo
No message in facebook
v good app i like.
Keeps on hanging
can someone explain why facebook is doing this such thing ... this apps ram is not small you know ..
Bring back the old inbox, you're greedy for money off these apps !
nice app to share with all
Female
For xperia x8 when i use this app my fon will lag and cant use fb. Please fix it
Since installing messenger it's been randomly closing, lags A LOT and I'm ready to stop using fb all together if it's not fixed. Not worth the annoyance and I really don't see why we have to install a second app to read messages, I unistalled that app ages ago because it did the same thing and now you've given us no choice but to download or not be able to read/reply to messages.  I wish there was a -1 rating, I'd use it
Bhikarchot giri aahe.
sexy to find our buddies
Good
I honestly think it is ridiculous that we have to have the facebook messenger app separate from the facebook app. Why couldn't it just stay the way it was? I won't be downloading the messenger app and I know several others doing the same.
It is good not bad
Instagram has problems but facebook has.more 1 problem Network come on Mark zuckerburg Fix this problem please it won't load my pictures on my timeline
i dont know whats wrong with app byt it force closes alot and it hangs in between which leads to force close again  please resolve the issue   device LG-P500 Android version 2.3.3 kernel version 2.6.35.10-pref+lg-electronics@si-rd10-bld198 #1
Love
Ok i guess
Good
It's becoming less user friendly. Forcing ppl to download another messenger app was a bad move
excellent
Makes yoy download messenger if I wanted that I would just send a text..smh
It's better than b4
Finally I signed up with this and I found lost family and I did find some childhood Friends   on Facebook it's the greatest  wouldn't have found them without Facebook.. Thank God for Facebook.
Wont give five stars til all of my accounts are deleted and i hate it when it askes for confirmation code and wont log in  please fix then you will get five stars
I love it so much
Dear sir, 1) Facebook app taking  14 mb un necessary data.. total facebook is taking more data. 2)Our mobile network is going suddenly after logging into facebook accounr.. Therefore  please update your app soon as soon as including these problems..
Very good
Sufiyaan
Im about sick of looking thru my friends posts and after 10 min or so it shoots me all the way to the top and I have to start all over again. After 2 times I finally said forget it n quit looking, which will hurt business cuz we not seeing all the ads. And top it off im about to delete this crap all together now that u force me to download messenger n take up more space n then it makes all my other apps force close.  Already deleted messenger u r next Facebook
I love it
Nice application
A very entertaining app! Great job, team android.
i never love this app because it is so slow
Wtf nw i hav to switch to messenger jus to see mah txts i wll nt im deactivating mah fb account as welll or plz degrade the following
Too much not responding !
Takes time to login. Even with wifi connection. This app took a lot of RAM space. I always login using internet browser app - much faster & easier but the cons is I cant tag my friends.
Hi
I HATE the message app though. I wish i didn't have to download it to get to my fb messages.
This apps data is lower than it was previously but only because they have disguised it in the cache.  Says there is only 1.5 mb cache but as soon as you clear it, because your device is unstable as it's out of data storage, you immediately get 19 mb freed up.  Trickery is not a solution.
Its a fun way to keep in touch with friends and family.
Like
Still having issues while playing videos
It still runs heavy with my CPU being maxed out at 1.24Ghtz. Not to mention when i post about government suspicion it blocks my post from public. And is also using permissions without prompting. Not to mention the 124mb it took up in data PLUS the app size and cache. Every time you update im getting closer and closer to uninstalling because you are a sold out joke
Takes up a lot of space but otherwise pretty good
Very disappointed in the new messenger. Didn't want to download it in the first place but I did and now Facebook crashes when I try to open it on my phone.
Messenger is a mess
Nice
More times than not now I cannot load my news feed need to close the app several times for it to actually load something it says error I can't load anything most of the time this needs to be fixed !!!
N
:)
Boon panes
So much slower
Idk for some reason it's still not letting me watch videos
Thanks to Facebook
It's good and all, I accidentally uninstalled it, and won't let me download it again
Awesome
Why the hell do you force me to download a stupid messenger app just so I can respond to fb messages? This is just a waste of time! If you want people to use your messenger then just advertise on your own site, but don't FORCE people to get it! I guess I'll never know what people want to say to me since I really don't want to download a friggen waste of space messenger app.
Ok
HELL TO DA NAH I AINT DOWNLOADING MESSENGER? WTF? You cant force people to download an app just to view our messages and def one we dont trust? It takes too much space and no privacy at all! Get back the old one please???? Would give no stars if i could arghhh
Baik
Suppeerr
I can't get my messages and I can't send any messages fix this or i will start a campaign to close the site down
Nice application
Love it
Why does facebook want to take control of my phone?  Do they need to know everything about me and my phone??  Stupid.
Good
It's too slow
ok nice..
Very nice easy to uses
Nice ap
Hi
Whats up with the messages!?! Please fix.
I love this much
SCREW THIS, IM OUT!!!!!!!!!
(1) Feeds not showing on Lists and (2) Messenger takes a long time to  show received messages. I see notifications but there's nothing there
Facebook new changes to download messenger sucks.. I will uninstall Facebook app.
:) :)
Its a great app I love it so much 
So alla Miss u baby
Good
Very rubbish...nw we have to intall messenger in this app so plz don't update....
Yay Facebook
Awsome
Facebook
Great
Avg
I like this applicalationnnnnnn
Uninstalling all your apps you zionist money digger son of a jew!
This is sum straight bs error loading keeps coming up and having to apps blows booty hole plz fix this
The..bestttt...
All the bad reviews are true...Please for goods sake try and do a working update for once in your life....
Really good love it I need to ask you something
Deleting fb app on my tablet since I can't access my messages. Don't want to install messenger too. Why use 2 apps? Dumb move. FB just wants to invade everyone's privacy
Superb app i like this app but this app is very slow .
Loved it.
Facebook does not need to access any more of my personal information.  Why does my news feed not remember it's last setting (most recent) and why does most recent not show everything?    If I like a page that means I want to see their posts.
this app is great
So the only messages I can get on fb are from Messenger telling me I have to download an application to get messages from my friends! ! And I can't get rid of Messenger' s messages!!!  What a crock!  I am going to download fb only on occasions that I need it, and dump it for all the times that I can go with fb online only.  That means if the internet goes down I will download fb.   Other than that I can do without the hassle.  Message me when you get this fixed!  hahahaha :-D
I can spent my free time with it!
The last update from Sprint screwed it up! Connection stops constantly! I only get limited posts! Awful
Great way to keep up with friends n family n the news
Its cool
Niko pratama
Pawan Sharma
Ullanam kerala
New world, technology, connection
We can mine asteroids for precious metals but we can't have a "select picture from folder" option.  #luxuryproblems
Love
Nice one
used to be cool. but now forced to install fb messenger to see message..
I dont want messenger
So so so so so cool
I can't get into my pages I liked from my phone or see my about me anymore
I cant see my messenges cause it takes up to much data on messenger
Great
They look at your messages before you every message you get WARNING DO NOT DOWNLOAD FACEBOOK MESSENGER!!!!
I love this app lol
Facebook
Must make it more reliable
The move to separate the messenger app with a required obtrusive spyware app was indeed a terrible one. You are forcing people to choose between installing a second app with faaaar more security needs then the regular facebook app, or abandoning your messenger service all together ( which is what everyone I know has done). You are giving google+ the perfect opportunity to overcome you.
can u explain how to see my selected liked pages  ,I browse all around app I can't see my liked pages
Its good for. What I. Do with it n on it
Facebook. Friends
Pretty good app
Epic failure always losing my info and crashing my computer and phone
Suck
Good
Vinod chittora114
Invasion of privacy now smh why must you need my contacts and web history and everything else. Thinking myspace again

Excellent wrk by mark zukrburg
Thi's relly2 good
Maggie Starboy
Why.?
This app is so easy to use :)
WTF the fb messenger is a no brainer.. crowds up memory makes ur mobile slower. I liked the old version..
Love it
It really sucks now. Its very slow and it wont let me change it to most recent on the news feed. Pleas change this its very annoying
This sucks!
Good
Facebook
Where's the messenger can't send any messages what happened to fb its looks like a garbage app for me
super
But need to update many things..
Lost my business
than previous version.
I cant use message anymore wtf! Come on zuckerbirg
force install messenger? buch of bs!!
Just awful.
Not able to play vidoes...? Fix please!!
Its really awesome
This new messenger app is a bit ridiculous. The FB app already uses a ton of memory. I just don't have the room to run a chat app as well.
This time, Facebook has gone too far. The new messenger app (which you must install or you simply don't get messages on your phone anymore) allows Facebook access to your camera, audio, send messages without your permission, and, send private details to third parties. Uninstalling app. Considering closing my FB account because of this...
Cool
I dont even use fb to mssg my friends but once in a while  I get a mssg. Its not okay that I had to download the messenger app just to reply to the mssgs . The app takes up soooo much space on my phone & its useless .
It told me I had to get messenger so I just decided to delete Facebook instead.(messenger logs a lot of data about you that it shouldn't..) Facebook needs to realise this is a user's market, you can't force a breach of privacy like that.
Facebook messenger is the worst thing in the world...it freezes my phone all the time,to the point where i had to delete it and tell people they can not inbox me....its stupid.
Turn off notification button stopped working!
I love this app!!
Don't want to be patronized. Won't use the Facebook Apps again!
Refuse to install Messenger, I do NOT need another app. Facebook app was just fine, sometimes a little slow, and they fixed the crashes I was experiencing. But separating the Messenger part? No thanks.
Every time I try to upload a video I get about 10% done and then it stops and u can't even cancel. I have to uninstall the updates and then reinstall it every time, and it will still do it afterwards.
Lame
good
i hate this new look ugly
Why is it again n again showing error.    I dnt knw y its nt being downloaded....???
I like it :)
Always problems with facebook now I can't login using the Facebook app from play store.
Not good this sucks
What more needs to be said!
I'm not gonna use the Messenger app....
Why do I need to install facebook messenger just to see the messages of my friends also for me to message them. It take too much space when I installed it and need to uninstall it for my phone not to log.
1 foi
I refuse to download another app just to have messaging. Need to fix it's a privacy issue by Facebook.
Hate the message app
Its cool
I cant view messages :( =/
this app works very slow @sometimes , had to wait alot and also  take long time to refresh . Anyhow its very useful rather then apps of fb
During the update my phone said insufficient storage, so i just deleted the Facebook app.
Plz improve
Took away 3 star
Stop forcing us to install ur spy of an app...
Boom PANEEEESSS!!!!!!
Slow freeze ups
Muito bom
Ok
This is not improvement at all
Why do i need a app for another app so stupid
Very good
It's good working fast
It's sooo bad when I think just think to open a page or group special pages .no way to open my friends pages can not save photos sent to me at privet inbox. Pla pla pla................
Not in a million years what if i dont have space in my phone! WHAT A MESS HAS THIS APP TURNED IN!!!
Why I don't have video call on my tab
Have to download messenger, no thanks
Good
Lot of bugs ... too slow to open. . About a 30 sec when we open their should be a white screen for some time aaa lot of delay. .. message loading 2 slow only
Me late
Fb not good no more!!! It takes to much space and mesenger sucks so thank ya for ruin fb...
Can't get my messages without an app and the app can have access to EVERYTHING on my phone... I DON'T THINK SO!!! I'll just stick with the web.
Terrible is all Facebook has become. I will start using my browser if I even want to use it. Your app sucks and is slow and now you take messaging away? I'm about to stop using my Facebook completely.
Facebook is cool n a good way to communicate with friends
Its amazing

But takes up some space in my phone I rather it not take
Cool
I uninstalled fb app and messenger.  Running 2 apps just to receive a message is ridiculous.
I found old friends on facebook
I love it.awesome
Uninstalled
Too much space. Want access to my camera and mic? Really? Come on. Messenger? Really? Phonebook? Really? Is it facebook or FBI (FaceBook Investigators) smdh. Fix it NOW!!!
Bravo favebook. Bravo. New update sucks bit time!! Can't read messages or send any without a massage app? More junk to cram up my phone. And I can't write on their walls? I have to tag them???. Awesome.
My tablet doesn't have that much cpu that I can run an additional chatting service. The setup is inconvenient. For those looking to see messages occasionally without installing the messenger app, you can still use the mobile version in your browser!
Very important app
mganda kso ang laking kumain ng data. paki fix naman pls.
New vision
Facebook is keeping me talking frm friends nd family...
i love it
I hate the fact that u need to download messenger to see messages instead of seeing messages on the Facebook app!!!
Senthil
Great and very bad
Nice
Ang bagal putang ina naman oh!
This app sucks now!! I can't even look at anything without it saying "can't respond" wtf
I use facebook to keep in contact with friends who dont have cell phones while im on the go. The fact that i now have to have 2 apps (one of which has very dubious app permissions) when i used to be able to do everything on a single app is just insane. This was a poor decision and I hope they change it soon.
I would like it a lot better if when someone trys to change there password it doesn't mess there hold phone up my husband did and his Facebook would not even let him back on
Facebook pls put back the message notification !!!!!
Every time I go on the app after a while it will close out
Waste of space now that you have to download messenger in order to send or receive messages
OK
I love it
STILL MY 3G WILL DROP OUT EVER TIME I USE FACEBOOK AND GETS FRUSTRATING, NO PSN TROPHY POSTING AND I COULD GO ON AND ON *Alot better than it use to be but when I try to share a photo from gallery it rakes me to Facebook gallery and can never find pictures I'm looking for and I don't have enough data to sync them all, I don't use or like that anyway. And i use a Note 3 4.4os. I THINK ITS TIME DEACTIVATE MY ACCOUNT.  :(
Very nice
why should i dwnl fb messenger ??? i dnt want to dwnld it... i m satisfied wth the single fb app nd plzz fix the prblm tht messeges are not going to be open in fb app.. othrwise i uninstall it
This is very good
you send videos
Just deleted the APP....if I have to download an APP to veiw my messages that are in an APP that already takes up space...I have no use for it. #GalaxyNote2
Getting better,not any better now went to worse. Rather have the original
Its awesome way to meet with friendd
Durai sk
I now have to get another app just to message people?? Why?? Also I can't just view videos without having to use video player to play it that did not before. Before it would just play quickly and stay on the facebook app. Please fix this doesn't happen anywhere else only on my phone app. :(
This is being forced! Talk about invasion of privacy-read the permissions!
Facebook is getting worse every time you guys update. The new messenger sucks. I hate having to have a separate app to message someone. It's much better on the computer. You guys just need to leave Facebook alone!!!
Older version
Nice app
Git a new phone and of course I had to download Facebook and it jus keeps freezing and its the only app doing it please fix
Love it
beast
Facebook is forcing people to download an invasive app for messenger when it was just fine the way it was I'd not put back the way it was I will delete my facebook account
Where's my messege..?

I think its appalling how our privacy is invaded every time we turn around! Now by Facebook. I'll be deleting this app!
Ok
I can't watch videos since the last update what the crap?!?!?
Awesome...
Yep
The new update now has you also downloading the messenger app just to read any message a person send you. Its really pointless
Title says it all
Charemea fernandez
No need to keep this crap and the msg forced app. Will still use the browser version. This and msg are now uninstalled. Better get people to hangout or even skype. Bye. You suck.

Aashifshsh
Good App
Joe and I am
Nice 1
I like Facebook features and app. Only thing I am missing here is recent visitors if it got implemented that would be great as this will give user idea that unknown person whose I'd looks fake not tried to save your photos as many user don't even know how to secure there photos
That really sucks, I thinking seriously to just use Google+
Now it plan blows!
Everybody just need to stop using their Facebook app to access their Facebook Msgs.  And start login and access Facebook msgs thru your actual Desktop vesion webpage.  I uninstall this app as soon as I could read my msgs on the desktop version on my phone..
Put messenger back on app!!
They took out the ability to share a post to your Page. I use the Pages app, but frequently I find content to share using the main fb app, and now we can't share that content to a Page. I also miss the slide in left tray. I miss quick access to Most Recent view.  I want to write on the Wall of an Event. Can't do it from the mobile app.
Facebook has slowly been going downhill over time. The last update ruined it for me entirely. Gah. Facebook get out of bed with our twisted government.
Will not keep up in news feeds will stay on 2days previous not impressed have tried to update and no change 
Nice app!!
Loved it great app
This app stinks! So many glitches,  it is always messing up one way or another.  Either it's always force closing or it doesn't keep my settings for latest posts or it is leaving multiple comments instead of one! FIX IT!!!
I do not want two apps to do what one app used to do.  This is ridiculous.  There is no reason they can't allow messenger back on the normal app.  I have removed the app and will browse via chrome mobile.  Stupid FB.

Wont give five stars til all of my accounts are deleted and i hate it when it askes for confirmation code and wont log in  please fix then you will get five stars
Slow
I hate this version please make an Update..
Eats ram
Why am I being forced to download messenger?! This is the worst thing ever!
Its cool
It's awesome
Msgr isnt good at all. It keeps my ph lag, and closes everytime, this changes really bad better to get the old type msging. It useless.
Why do you need access to my device and everything on it? I don't think so. I have deleted Facebook and refuse to install the messenger app on my phone. Your terms and conditions are ridiculous.
It's okay need to be updated more
Average
Ive tried messenger before this and hated it! now I have to have it.. no I dont need a fb app. My phone works fine with text messaging and real phone calls. And my internet on my phone works so much better than any app and takes less battery life. Put it back the way it was.for now its uninstalled
Messed it up and now I can't view pictures plz fix update: fixed
The newest version have many loading error and take a long time... better usinf web broser or oper* mini.... :(
too guD
hate this
Review by ga laxy
In pp
I like this facebook
For some reason I'm not able to download the app, it appears "unknown code error -24". Please fix this as soon as possible. AND AGAIN, PLEASE FIX THIS!
I'm loved it
Change Chcb
Giving me old post
Nice
Freaking junk, come on devs think!
The NSA could get some pointers about invading privacy from Facebook.
I don't like the messenger thing at all
I THINK REMOVING MESSAGES AND HAVE INSTALL MESSENGER IS D WORST
Am lovein it
I am going to delete the main FB app very soon if you don't stop pushing your FB Messenger crap app.
Get back messages in the main app!!
Messenger is junk and confusing. Putting notice on my Facebook profile to find me on LinkedIn
Good
Good job guys
Super like it
Not using 2 ram hogging apps
Facebook is pointless without messages!!! What if i dont have enough space for messenger! Inconsiderate!! Bring the messages back please!
Not working
Good
Seriously I have to download 2 things to make 1 app thats stupid takes up more space in my phone then there needs to be get rid of messenger
When I tried to.instal it says package file not valid is this facebook latest browser    I don't like this anymore
Yes::::i have got it.
Very good
I don't want this app anymore and it won't let me uninstall it. When I press the uninstall button it says it has been uninstall but when I go into my apps it's still there. NEED TO FIX IT!!!!
Nyc dogar
Trying to get me to download another app for the same program is ridiculous. Half the time, Facebook on my phone crashes anyhow.
Awesome!
Since I updated the pages that I liked are gone!  Bring them back
I'm deleting this app and won't get on Facebook anymore. I don't even want to put in the effort to delete my profile. You should not have to have a separate app just for messages!!!!!
Best app ever
I swear I get the "this app isn't responding" message more than it actually works. As many times as I have to update it, you'd think the app would ACTUALLY work.
I just love Facebook on my handset.. As it's help all fbians to stay connected..
My videos down my news feed haven't been playing for about 3 weeks now.
Fantastic
Once again a Facebook update that breaks the app. Good job.
I can't longer see the messages in the app to see the messages you need to download FB Messanger
Very high speed for Facebook..
Updated and now my app doesn't work at all!!!!
It connects family 
crap
Cool
Rajesh karmakar
Forcing us to install messenger, no way.Time to find another social media app that doesn't want to rule the world. Txt is free and you don't need to be online to do it

ChaudharySuppliers
Nice
I always love fb
A must have basic app for social media,,, :-P
Like
Average
This app sucks. Make it the last update!
Unacceptableeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
Update too frequent
Absolutely fab. A real shortcut to using the app
i like it s fast and interesting to use i hope u guyz also will like
The fact that I HAVE to download messenger is exceedingly annoying. The Facebook app ALONE takes up more space on my phone than any other app.
You can't force someone to download that messenger app. I don't want two different fb apps. Needs to be fixed! If it's not going to be fixed, I'll just simply delete Facebook period. Smh!
Good
Nothing
K
Good
its facebook what do you expect lol
Nice
It's constantly crashing. Never gives me notifications. Can barely ever get on it.

It doesn't work on my home wifi
News feeds are not real time most of the time. I have to logout then log back for up to date feeds! Fix it then I may change my mind then make it 5stars!
Jaheemjames
Is there pretty good application
Great really enjoy it
Why i canot login fb..
I like this app.i love
Mast bole to jhakkash
You've ruined your own app....
Layout and functionality is awful. News feed "Most recent" is too hard to find and when selected doesn't sort by most recent. I couldn't care less about "Top News". Also, what's the point of the friends list being in random order! Were people complaining about ABC order being too easy??! Same goes with friend finder, should be in desending order of number of mutual friends! These seem obvious to me but Facebook appears to have deliberately made these changes to make app harder to use on a daily basis...
It is terrible u have to install the messenger just to see the messages uninstall  everyone is going to uninstall
Otherwise 5 stars
Ok
Facebook has failed me. Videos automatically play which crashes the app, you HAVE to download another app just to view messages. The messenger app also shows people your number, goes through your phone and can record you whenever?! Absolutely not, invasion of privacy. I know you don't HAVE to download the app but,if you wanna view your messages you have to download yet another cpu hog application. Idk what you're doing Facebook developers but you've screwed this app up. Change it back
Its good and serves its purpose
Terima  Kasih$#
Keeps saying insufficient storage available
ok
You get no privacy with the new messanger app!
Luv it - now fb's easier to use
wouldnt reccomend it terrible app
I love it really good it is a good app
I don't want a separate app for messages.
Bud for my liking....works alsome...
Fantastic...
Says it all above
Love it
Really this app is very useful for every body
Good
Love the new update
The app was just fine, except when updates happened. The most recent one being the requirement to download the fb messenger app, which is generally annoying, toy can't turn off notifications, and uses more battery, as well as data, then just having it all in one app.
I'm thinking of not using this app anymore. Get back the messages please, this is very annoying.
useless app! always forced close! how many times i uninstall and reinstall the app!
Until you return messages to a single app.
Messenger eats a lot of ram and makes devices run slow.. we don't need additional application. Get back messages in facebook !
The messenger we don't want. Not going to message using FB.
I love facebook
Lame
With the new update I have lost my about section WTH fix this please.
Why?! Why must I download that crap that takes up so much data to message?!!! Please take it off leave it the original way! Stop trying to upgrade unnecessary details!!!
No messenger include makes this very annoying , I do not want to download Facebook chat heads so u can take over my phone
Its alright
LOVIN IT
Excelente
Pictures won't load at all, im at home on WiFi, current time is 5:34pm PDT on mon, Aug 11, 2014
Why do I have to install another app to check my messages in facebook! Bad idea
Great
Yep I agree with all you fb messenger haters I will most definetly delete fb even if I was a member since 2007 before installing fb messenger
MALA BEKZER123
Having the messenger as a separate app is truly awful.
I can't see my mesaage if i not install fb messngr... why?
Great app redownloading it love it so much
Amazing
Want's too much access to my phone for comfort.
I CAN'T PLAY VIDEOS AFTER UPDATE UGH FIX FIX FIX FIX
Is a good app
You freeze up and you took my niece off my  face book friends again!!!!!!""!!!!!  You are getting worst !! I can't enjoy fb  if not for needing you for my games I would delete you
Why does facebook let it happen messeger is a piece of junk,.so fix ur messenger.
This app was so cool before its Update becoz i was hanging after update in Android smart phones like Samsung Galaxy Note 1,Galaxy s2 and s3 and so on..thnks
Trbaik
It's not downloading for some reason
As if it wasn't enough that you parsed out the ability to send messages, we still can't comment on a post without followup notifications.  WTH??!!
Hjc
My about me is gone..wtf.
Nice
This app getting bigger than before.. Please reduce size of app .. I have low phone storage .. Please reduce .. I always got error message 'your device memory is getting low' .. It consume too much memory.. Too large . consider the size ..
Forcing us to use messager? Nope. Not happening
Dry
Deceptive tool
FrD FinD
I appreciate heartily.
It takes forever to load news feed and its making it mandatory to get the messager app when it should be a choice. And it keeps turning in my wifi connection when i keep turning it off.
Older was better
Error loading news feed. This app really is going down to dirt
I rate it low just becouse you force me to install that messenger to see my messeges,that is bullsh.... come ooon..
Nice..its more easier
crap!!!
Disappointed! Maybe instagram its the way to go now. Smh, fix it !!!
Error
A lot of memory wasted on 2 apps .... Have to think in that people who have cellphones with 512mb of ram GENIOUS
Awesome
Not as good as it used to be when I first started. Videos no longer play, can't see all friends status, constant freezing up, can't comment for 10-20 minutes, and now it won't even update!
After Android updated and removed the option to install to SD card, Facebook pulls out Messenger and forces us to install another app. My phone is running out of space! My battery life is running down! This is awful. The mobile site is good enough that I'm planning to remove all but the base Facebook app and then disabling that.
Boggles my mind how such a large corporation can have an app that always has a million problems, no update has ever made it run smoothly.
No more comment delete option after you post on someone's status. Crashes frequently! Pictures don't load after viewing 4 in a row!! Fix this!!!! Also, your privacy standards are a joke!!
Nice
Why can't I see most recent posts? I thought the latest update brought it back but whatever. No more use of the app for me. Smh
It froze up my hauwei ascend 2 so it was inoperable.
Im not installing your spy cam app...
huuuuu where the messenger..
Work good
Too simple
How are you doing?
Screw messenger. VIVA LA REVOLUTION
I can talk to all my friends
NO WAY I will be forced to download a second app that takes away ALL my privacy and takes up space just to talk to a couple of people... It's ridiculous to force us to download it! Will go through my Internet browser to message people. Unless I decide to just get off fb completely. Bring back messages and I will most definitely raise my rating..
It's okay to have...it keeps u updated on things!!!!
Uninstall Facebook, install previous version apk file,turn off auto updates,problem solved
I loved it,
I am really disappointed while using this new Facebook app updates,it took my ram so High.. I would like to say,  the old version is more smooth n Nice this this latest update !!.
Always fails to load
Every time I comment on a post, or like something,  it disappears. Also, will not load Comment from others. Very frustrated!  This update is so bad. I sure hate to complain but something really needs to be done. Motorola Electrify.
I have installed it and now it is telling me login failed.  Sorry, it may be your network connection or try again later.   This sucks!
I will get right to the point stupid, pointless, desperate for downloads!!!
Yeah just sucks all around..wouldn't even do one star but....
Facebook moved messages to a different app. Its annoying,  and should be a choice to use messenger
Everytime i try to play a video I get a page not found message. I can go on the computer click on the same link and the pages there. I would think this is a big problem that needs to be addressed quickly. 6 & I will rate better.
Cool app to find friends
Keep saying my Facebook is not responding   on my tablet
Fail.  Seems every year Facebook goes down hill.  Keep trying to squeeze every cent out of consumers,  and the future is bleak.
My fb always used to connect to my wifi and all my other apps still connect but now when I open facebook it says it cant find a secure connection so it wont work! Fix this and ill give a better rating
I hate apps that make force to download stuff. I cant message my friends without having to download messenger. I HATE MESSENGER.
No Messenger built in.
lol
A great appppp!
I love to use facebook.
Stop forcing people to download an app they don't want! Integrate your system so those who don't want the app can choose to not use it
I can't  text anymore and every time I try to download messenger it says error and I can't text people
You guys makes people hate you
I only use fb to keep in contact with my band. Other than that, it's useless. Seems like fb is always trying to improve when in reality it's making more and more people miserable.
Can not update 'about' section on profile it has disappeared sort this out
One star until messages is restored.
Every time I finish reading a post (continue reading) and press Back, the page will load again. Then I have to scroll down to find the last post I read. So wasting time and my phone data. Can't you fix this already? And forcing people to use another app just for messaging. What's the point? Do users get any benefit?
Man what's up with this new update ? Forcing me to install Messenger App ? Nah man ... It was okay how it was before . I can't even see my information anymore or edit it . Facebook needs to step their game up and fix this .
Not even going to go into it.
Best app ever
To invasive for social media.
Hate the fact that I can see old stories for 5 hours +. Frustrating.
whenever i tried to install this it gives me an error "package file is invalid" ...please fix this
Why i cant open my messenger.....
Facebook has failed completely.  I can hardly do anything on my account groups anymore and now because the messager app does not work on my phone I can't communicate with the other administrative support on the groups.  I either have to resign or move everyone off Facebook.  3,000+ people.
I LOVE IT ! :)))
Not happy at all about the message option being switched to the messenger app...
Everything is possible   P
I don't want to download another app to see my msgs
Always fcs. Can't send messages
New update, can't open Facebook anymore
Like Facebook app it says what it does thank u.But need some fixs there's a lot of bugs and hackers so please fixs apps thank you a lot of people use this app and if not fixs I will have to leave facebook
So awersome....
GARBAGE!!! Slooowww. NEVER loads, can't view pics, don't get any notifications or messages. Freezes. Can't upload pics. FIX!!!!
News feed is all over the place and it keeps refreshing itself  I do not want top stories I want to see thing in order of when it happens, we should be allowed to choose sort it out 
Can't believe I had to download messenger when I didn't want to, or else I couldn't view my messages. Talk about not having your own say
Great way to stay up to date with FB sense only internet I have is my phone.
This is so stupid,  u gotta download an application to use something that should b provided on Facebook already. 
I now hate this app. My husband spares his battery by using the website instead of the app, but I did like the instant notifications. I hate the notifications for messenger because I don't want extra apps, extra permissions, or notifications that direct me to another app. Please go back to one single app. This is ridiculous to demand users to get yet another app to do something that was key to Facebook use. Everyone who uses a smartphone probably has unlimited texting. Idiotic to make this an alternative.
I found it funny how my review continues to be deleted. Nice one
I love this app so very much that I can't even get it to add it with my rest of my other applications. Please do something about it.
Most recent needs to be the default news feed it gets annoying how much I have to go back and change it from top story
Its alright
<3 7
Forcing you to get Facebook messenger to reply to messages which asks for way to many permissions that basically turn your phone into their phone, they will have access to literally everything. If you don't remember sending a text or calling someone, don't be surprised that Facebook made the call/text for you. Bogus if you ask me.
I
Need to download messenger to see or read my pm,messages?? ONE STAR sorry
I love the new updated version its way more easy to use the only problem is that I have to install messenger ...
I will not download your invasive message app.
Takes for ever to load my news feed, looks for friends and to search for ppl.
Facebook has been steadily going down hill for a while & for me being forced to install a seperate app just for messages is the tipping point. This is supposed to be a SOCIAL network. Removing the messages from the main app is severely reducing what makes it social. Add in all of the other stupid choices the facebook app imposes on its users: Default timeline set to "top stories", not showing all the posts you should,automatic video play... Facebook is a joke.
stupid
Google hangouts is better
Over time the app has not improved, despite layout changes for improvements. App now asks for so many scary permissions it's stupid.
Awesome as ever
I hate it when developers force you to download another app.. no way! I'm deleting the Facebook app.
Very slow
No messenger was the last straw
Was 5 stars until you decided to make messenger separate app! THIS SUCKS!
Facebook
I am really disappointed that Facebook is trying to force me to download an extra app just to view my messages. Facebook was already able to do that I am not going to download messenger which will take up the same amount of space as FB. Also I can no longer view videos it tells me an error has occurred... Fix this!

I like so far thanks
This app makes me getting mad...i cant use it every morning because it says this app have unexpectedly stopped.
Really. Really? You're not letting me view my timeline until I turn on my location? Reaaaaaaally. Is this how we are now, facebook? This is really a terrible idea if you're forcing this on everyone. Some people have stalkers who could use that to find where they are at that moment and harm them. Smh wow.
Thank you but no thank you Facebook you don't  meet my needs no longer :'(
I click and hold the video and the options dont pop up.
Facebook forces you to install the massager app.  I never used messager programs before because I don't like them.
:s error -24
Love it
I've had this app for four and a half years. Over time it's gotten worse instead of better. You're better off using the mobile site through your phone's browser.
Forcing users makes us hate you
It doesn't put up my news feed .....and when I try to reload it  nothing happens....I wish I could rate it with no stars!!!!!
Its really cool
Now that u have to have messenger app as well as facebook I don't have enough storage space to update facebook and now it's shutting down constantly.  Nerve racking and not hardly worth the trouble anymore.  Wish more people would switch to Google+ and I'd get rid of facebook all together.  Can't even read the feed in chronological order. Gets worse on a daily basis.   Which I'm not sure how y'all can even claim a 5 star rating...  Do u even read the reviews?
Muito bom.
Since the last update, why can't I like statuses on my news feed ? I actually have to go on the person's wall to do it.
LoL.....
Hehe ... I just like it especially when I run out of credit
554433
Uninstalling the application as Facebook forces to install and use the annoying messenger application to check messages! Goodbye FB mobile!
Will uninstall it until they remove the force download of the messenger app. Will continue to use it via Mobile Web browser
nice.. it works perfectly in my NEO
Excellent
Ourblessed boys
Happy with the app... except for the news feed. We used to be able to swap between popular and most recent, now my feed is stuck on most popular -.- otherwise it's great and I like messenger!
Can't see my messages and permissions are unbelievable.
ok it's getting better but still using too much data, almost 15 mb even if I erase all app data in app manager, it appears again.. I can't understand why but I hope u guys fix it on the next update please!
Tired of it crashing my phone it is total crap.
I have to download another app just for something as simple as messages? No thank you Facebook
Sanju
Why there is no message in this app? We need to download messenger to send message.. Fix this please!!!
I love the Facebook app, but I needs a new layout. I loved the old layout and it was much easier to use. So if you have time please make a new layout. Also I hear a lot of people sat they want to have theme's for Facebook. They want to have different colors and ex. So if you can do it thanks! c;
Good
Freezes all day cant watch videos it basically sucks snd now no messages
Really i have to see my messeges on f****** messenger no hell NO!!!!!!!!!! I hate it fix THIS!!!!!!! NOW!!!!!
Amaziinngg????!!!!!
Love it
meriztha
Deleted it. I don't need any social networking site taking over my phone.
I can't load my pictures anymore and I had to sign out and re install the app so upset.
Stalls . Regularly.
Loved it until they tried forcing me to download the messenger app that invades my privacy.
Better
Works excellent, I have no problems with this app. 5*****
Ganda.
Facebook is the best...
Geo news shahzaib
Nice
This app is now dumb. I'm deleting it, as well should others. What's a chat app if you can't fucken chat. Lol.
Cant talk to people because I dont have mssger....
This messenger thing is bullocks. I will not be downloading it.
Can't uninstall the app!  Started using the website on my phone to avoid the messenger app.
Easy to use
Life line
Speed problem ! But everything is good
Excellent
Need to run two apps now MYSPACE AND TWITTER ABOUT TO COME UP LOL
This used to be a usable app. . Now it is bloat. Thanks Facebook
More space,more space,more space, like really? Really? I need a whole app to see my fb msgs? and oh guess what? More space!
People do not have enough control over their accounts.
The app needs improvement facebook messenger is a joke need to stick with the old version or Facebook will be deleted all together
The app crashed all of a sudden. ..and I had to reinstall.  Very bad performance
App constantly freezes and does not work right. Just doesn't make sense why a multi-billion dollar company can't figure it out.
I will delete my profile .
Needs feature to enable you to post a status and custom choose who can and can't see it. Not just what groups can see it but individual people like the Web page. Then would give 5*
I'm not going to let you INVADE MY PRIVACY!!!!! Having you force everyone to download a seperate,  GIANT app that invades our privacy is bullshit!  You've made your app become worthless by removing messaging capabilities.
No five stars until i can get back in without havin to use my cell please delete my accounts i have
Connect with friends
Thanks
Can't do anything on the app. Everything says error loading anything.
So cool
Messages should be in this to otherwise th ends up taking up twice as much room meaning I can have one or the other messenger should just be here as it makes it easier to talk to friends and see what they are doing which was what this was originally for
Change the message thing I dont want 2 stupied apps for facebook!! Change it like now!!!
Need to fix the most recent. Shouldn't have to look for it and click on it. Tired of seeing stuff from 3 days ago I didn't care for then.
I used to love this app  until it updated.  My phone crashes all the time, facebook stays on all the time even when your not on it and when you view something you get taken back to the begining of the news feed.  Facebook sort your app out! Otherwise i am keeping your app off my phone.  Bring back the older version it was much better!
Angelice
I love you
The required messenger app attached to the Facebook app puts a big damper on the communication experience.
I don't know what to want to say, but really disappointed, because the tag name function is can't to use already.
It takes up so much space on my phone  i had to delete apps just to update facebook and I refuse to download messenger. That's the stupidest thing Facebook has done. Facebook was fine the way it was. So now I guess I'll have to use my browser to get on facebook.
Takes too much space
Love it
Do m0re w0rk on this app
It not working I tried to refresh the page not working trying to post not working what the problem u trying to dumb down mobile Facebook
It sucks. Another app that takes all my time away. Booo booo.
They shut off the messaging part of the original app and force you to use another app with more crap on it. Just use your browser and skip the extra access demands and privacy invasion.
We dont need another app for FB
Deleted b/c of making me get messenger and they want to be able to use my camera and microphone. Siper crooked company.
Blah Blah Blah!!
Fb
Can't access messages
Bildirimler biraz zayif ama idare eder!!!
It took forever to download. Other than that I love it.
Keeps getting worse now draining my battery!! Wtf every upgrade!Why u making us updated with messenger!! I don't want it
I can't believe facebook is making us run 2 apps. Messaging worked just fine from the facebook app. No need for fb messenger too.
Are you seriously expecting me to download another app, so that I can chat with my friends!!! Get the messages back!
Good
Cant send messages. Fb imeb!!
App won't even open!  Did I mention this sucks?
It's simple
Omg. Those at those permissions
This app sucks after the update. I do not want to see top news feeds. I want to see most recent. I should be able to pick what I want to see, like before. When I click on a link,then go back to FB it resets my news feeds. I have to scroll down to where I started. FB takes up 69mbs of memory, which is the most of all my apps. I then have to download messenger, which only works half the time, and takes up another 21mbs. I had to delete an app to download it. FB needs to go back to the drawing board.
I agree with the others about moving the messages. I had to delete an important app to make room for Messenger, because fb messages is the only way I can talk to one of my best friends. The fb app itself takes up enough room, and its dumb to have to have both. I deleted the fb app after I got Messenger, then I realized I still need to see the rest of fb and do things I cant on the browser, like update my profile pic easier. Some of us rely on the app because we don't have computers. Seriously, just why?
Kindly reduce its size and background usage size
this has gone so far downhill. uninstalling.
People need to read the permissions that these disgusting people ask for
Fb update now it freezes all the time
waw is this my app Orr whath
Great
No messages? Are you kidding me? I'm uninstalling to use the browser version. This is ridiculous.
Its ok i guess....
U R FORCING PPL TO DOWNLOAD MESSENGER APP?! U R SH*T
starting to get on my nerves if it doesn't stop with the new messenger I'm deleting they should fix the problem
Jeys I nids u dis even, pls, can u come?
Hate the new forceful updates for the messages, so I deleted the app from my phone.
Ok
Good
Excellent
This app takes forever to load anyway u can fix that
We are now being forced to install the Facebook messenger app on our own phones to use the FB app! I personally don't like the messenger app and don't want it, so I guess it's back to loading Facebook on the web......
it deserves 5 stars but kindly add editing feature for custom sharing option just like web version and feature to view videos on other video player installed on mobile. am using samsung galaxy note 2..
Restore original messaging
So tired of the app having several issues all the time. Never loading! Now the problem with the messenger really has me rethinking whether I want Facebook anymore at all.
Evil.
Find your friends and loved one's!
Having 2 apps newsfeed and for messaging... sucks!!
Most of us have to or need to use this app but its functionality, reliability and customer support can only be described as 'Poor'. [It now uses 145MB of memory.] How much more space do you want???
Huh...fb...u just makes more people hate ur apps....why do I have to install fb massanger...should've use one 1 app...it's unnecessary for me to install it...prefer the old ver...if I can...i don't wanna give u any star....what a terrible apps you've become...
Takes up to much room!!!
Instead of being able to view messages on the app I now have to have to go on line to see & return messages... You guys have some serious Privacy Issues!!!!!
Nice
Awesome
Protesting being forced to install yet another unwanted app
Facebook
Forcing to use the messenger sucks.
Messenger sucks! They read all your info! They can even use your Mic and camera?? And it also said in the terms that your info is sent to the USA. Lol why would are info be saved at all??  We should be the only one reading are inbox
So far no problems
I hate how you can only see the latest comments not the top comments. Also the application has crashed way too many times.
I gotta install a thing called facebook messager to see my message why?
Very good
Keeps me in contact with friends and family
I am not pleased with the acquistion of information to continue messaging Friends on Facebook.  I wish to be allowed to do my messaging directly from Facebook, not Messenger.
I refuse to download the new messenger app so i decided to just message through my browser.  But guess what? It sucks.  So now ive decided i just wont use Fb app either.  I cant access my messages without being forced to download messenger.  This is horrible.
I can't use the messager any more, and have to download another ridiculous app. About to uninstall Facebook all together
Love it
Best social media ever
buffers alot now even on wify....... takes alot time to show upp notifications...poor update pls solve connectivity of app...
In the last week or two the app has startes hanging and locking up. It fails to respond, zero touch screen functionality. Something has gone wrong.
Facebook messenger app? Are u forking serious? I refuse to download, hope many others do too.
No more messages as a marketing ploy to make money from downloads of their " messenger."
The app has really improved a lot. It's simple to use now. That's great.
Just uninstalled Facebook and the Facebook Messenger App. You can still use messenger from the mobile site without giving up any more privacy.  And when Facebook tries to twist my arm with that too, it'll be time to delete my account altogether.
Great social media site
Nice apps
No messages in the app? I'll just use the webpage.
Why on earth are you forcing people to have 2 apps that don't do more than the single one that's been around for years? It makes no sense.
Selemon adla
Because have to down load the messenger to talk to people
Im not Receiving Notifications & Newsfeed is Not Updating atall!!! Sucking!!
Do not install, sniffer mallware
Too much access to my info
Terrible app
It is terrible cant read my messages like what the hell
Very good site
There is no reason you should force people to download the messenger app.  I want all of my Facebook things in one location, not across multiple apps.
Privacy agreement real sketchy and creepy
Love it
AWESOME.
May God help us
Apart from the app missing messenger it is really handy and facebook at its best!
Uninstalled, will be using Web browser instead
Great app
As usual you've made the app even worse. WTF are you trying to achieve.  You have removed all the best features of the app. Now we are left with the shittest ap available until you make it even worse next time. WTF is going on? Whoever makes these decisions is not fit to be in charge of a donkey.FUBAR app.
Excellent
Hahahah love Facebook
Its eating up storage for two apps. The messenger is so slow. The messenging icon on facebook app is non sense. Delayed responses. Same on messenger.
Update was supposed to be 20.99mb so why has it used 54mb? Now it says not enough memory to run the app and can't even get passed the 'setting up facebook' screen. Stop trying to take over my phone's entire storage space and make a smaller app that actually works!
Not like wat it used to b tooooo slow
It is what it is
Ice
Now shows notifications for messages it won't let you read. Good work there....
Excellent
Fb
Not only does it use a bunch of CPU which almost makes it not worth it but now we are being forced to download another app just to send people messages. Now I have to get on the desktop version to send messages. COMPLETE WASTE OF TIME FOR NO REASON!
It aways force closes on me please help. There's People on my chat I want to delete but I can't.
It shows stuff from two weeks ago in my news feed? Forcing me to install messenger? Nope im not sure about everyone else but last time i checked i control my life and who sees what not facebook plus theirs no about me on this app?? Really thinking about quitting
its not a good app
You don't need anything on my calendar.  You don't need to know who is on my contact list.  Im sick and tired that facebook makes suggestion of friends.  They're not my friends or I don't know them.
$Terima  Kasih#
Hate this app even more now. Why get rid of messages. Are you on drugs when you thought of that.
should be the default view, or there should at least be the possibility of setting it as default.
FB Messenger?
App
Facebook keeps crashing if I open amy post or notification or messages..Im using samsung galaxy s4.. Please fix it..
Because you are forcing me to download a second app to simply read my messages I am uninstalling this crappy app that freezes and crashes ALL THE TIME anyway
Improved spying using more advanced technology. Now we can take photos at anytime, even when you are in bathroom. Download messenger to get your private photos published world wide.
You must reconnect msgs with fb app .. My cpu can't hold any more apps.
The app is is even slower. I liked the previous update far better. Now, by the time it loads the comments, I completely forget what the post was even about!
faster yes, still looks like a ported iPhone app. and a app that loads a webpage version of facebook. come on, make a real android app. widgets and all! At The moment The worst app on my phone... Bit the sole reason for the ons star: showing me that there is a message, but no way to view them without downloading another app...
Are you kidding me with this messanger app??? Do not download the messanger app. Look at the insane permissions it wants. Get real FB. YOU GUYS DROPPED THE BALL ON THIS ONE!!!!!*
Stop the messenger app or I delete Facebook
Im just going to go online and use facebook, so I dont need two seperate apps to do what one was doing just fine, such a stupid idea, why ruin a good thing like this update did? Facebook online is better than the problem filled app anyways...
who says social netrwng is not gud.... uff....let them speak... as if we care ;-)
i love Facebook
Forcing me to install messanger app and giving away so many permissions.   Not worth it anymore.  Chat heads are super annoying.  Uninstalling both now.
No messenger no facebook "google chrome I'Coming"
Dont use it anymore
MUST HAVE!
This Facebook app is constantly updating and the more it updates the more bs it brings with it. Or it takes original stuff out like the messenger and forcing us to download another app that uses more storage just to be able to message your friends its ridiculous, and very shady with the permissions it requires smh
Mm
Bo
In case you missed it - WE WANT A NEWS FEED THAT APPEARS AS MOST RECENT FIRST! Either you are stupid, or so arrogant you just ignore your customers' wishes. This latest update is horrible - yes, I 'can' sort by most recent, but then I get notifications from sites I have turned notifications off. How hard would it actually be to design an app that treats customers like adults allowing them to choose the order of posts, with the default of MOST RECENT FIRST?!!! 'News' from days ago is hardly news
Osam
Speed
Spinning off messenger kills Facebook for me. Using the app less and communicating with Google Hangouts more as a result.
...What messages?
jj
two stars for removing chat feature..
Nice one
I don't have enough room to download 2 apps one just to see everyone and another for messaging that's sucks..
Garbage company
Like
Read the title.
500,000,000 downloads..... If they charged .25 cents, they would have made 125 million....right? Slows down my LG G2.
I enjoy having the flexibility. I can use the computer or my phone. I haven't had any problems except having to download messenger and Facebook. Its using up too much of my space.
Me facina
Cooll
I don't like the mandatory messager
It is a good apps, works fan in my cell phone but I dont like when an other needed for chatting my friends since it consume too much Ram.
Very good for social media. Must try
Love  it
Love4ever
986490
:)
I love it
I loved this app, everything in one place then you made me add another app to access my messages. I don't have much space on my phone for extra apps I like to use my space for photos of my kids. Your message app was on my phone but I hated it, so I got rid of it and suddenly I had space for at least 100 more pictures and that meant a lot to me. Now you are telling me that I have to use my Web browser to have it all in one place or install this dumb app again. It's a major pain and I hope you change it back.
5 for this app
Uses way too much ram. Improve performance
It's not helping because you need to install another application in order to send and receive messages. Just consuming CPU and space. It must be redeveloped I think.
Franchised.
Had this app before and uninstalled it by accident ... Tried to download again and now it is not downloading for me .. Loved it before and it was laid out very well , wish it would just download again ... Please fix this
Having to download another app to get messages is the stupidest thing you guys have done! If its not broke don't fix it! We were able to message people just fine before you partnered with messenger now its a pain in the a$s! Stupid!
That's just wrong, two apps for same thing? Would give you zero rating if possible
Newsfeed
zero ....no messaging in app......totally zero ....
Forced into downloading another app just to send messages is stupid.  Not going to download it.  Nothing wrong with the way it was before. Facebook needs to pull their heads out of their butts.
Yeah
Love it!
I updated this app and when I go to certain friends it don't show the about under the name which u need to edit ur info on ur page I logged in for a friend and couldn't change something because his about him wasent there also I'm not happy with being forced to download the messaging app if I wanted to txt ppl I would just txt there phone its stupied and not right Facebook takes up enough room on my phone now the messaging app takes up just as much need to fix these 2 problems asap
This app can be boring and fun
Really good app
Why did you remove the messenger functionality? I understand if you didn't want to support live instant messaging, but removing the ability to check messages all together? Sorry, I'm not downloading another app. I've uninstalled this app and now will be using Facebook even less as a result.
Innocent
Coool
adnan  Gujjar

No more messages?? Now need 2 apps? And now the new update freezes over videos that I DO NOT CARE TO WATCH BUT IS FORCED TO. Facebook stop making us stress and work to be apart of your social network. You need us, more than we need you.
Too intrusive of an app
2stars for this app...Cant like n share posts,or open private messages..need tweaking and would rate it 5stars.
It is ridiculous to have to install two apparently for one web page.
The permissions are creepy
Really need to add the reply option. In a busy thread when some replies to a comment I have to open the browser to read it. Fix this and 5 stars
Kumar
I cant open anything like comments or comment or like anything because it freezes then crashes
Updated version make me could not download videos and just can reply message in messenger. How do I download video in facebook? need any other app?
Easy use. I like it
Good
Very unhappy with u guys forcing us to download something it should be optional if it would have been i would have given it a chance if it doesn't Change i will be deleting the  account i really hope u fix this problem
Very disappointed that the app no longer allows me to view or send messages unless I download the app. The app seems to have too many permission requests and I am not comfortable having even more than this app already has.
Deleted the app!! I'm just gonna use the web.
Facebook stepped in it this time. I removed both messenger and fb app from my phone because of their recent move with messenger. I don't like invasive apps on my phone and that is exactly what they've done.
GREAT
Fb
why NOT BECAUSE OF MY LOCATION?
Facebook does not need access to my personsl information,  apps, sms, or anything else on my phone. Screw you facebook, you aren't getting access to my personal info!
Why do you need access to things like my call data, camera and audio recorder? Also, not including messenger anymore? I uninstalled the app and am about to delete my profile as well.
so now there are no more messages in Facebook ? I have to download another app just to see my messages ? Not gonna do it taking up too much space with this !!
Wow, its good, actually very good
Very bad. Cant message. Useless app
Horrible. Miniature TYPE. Can't read without a microscope !
Too many ads and unnecessary junk. Also you need 2 apps now. Screw that.
Bring messanger back . I don't want to download the FB messanger APP because THE FACEBOOK MESSANGER APP VIDEO TAPES US WITHOUT PERMISSION!!!!!!! Who watches them?
I'm not gonna install Facebook messanger app &  I'm uninstall this app aswell. From now on I'm going to use fb on browser.
Real smooth move trying to get everyone to download the messenger. I'll stick to Hangouts. Thanks.
Facebook thinks that people don't know what's good for them so is imposing their "facebook" knows best attitude on you by forcing you to download an unneccesary app that takes up space on your phone that could be used for more valuable things, like photographs, an app that drains your battery, an app which while supposedly working "faster" (but how could anything be faster than push enter, message sent/received?), slows your whole phone down. Unwanted and unnecessary.  Stop treating us like 3 year olds.
I love it
A separate app to look at messages? No thanks. Also saving the recent searches? FB doesn't care about your privacy
1 foi
Magda
Y
I have to go to my internet explorer just to watch videos and it won't show any messages when I receive them. Also it won't let me update my app it says error unable to update facebook. Please fix and ill rate higher. Thanks in advance!
Best
:-(
Nothing stopped the relentless onslaught of Candy Crush Saga invites. I changed settings on Facebook and the FB app, but they just kept coming. I couldn't handle the CCS avalanche (seriously like 5-10 invites a friggin day) so I just got rid of the app. Now I'll never know in a timely manner the giddy excitement of some liking or mentioning me. Really that's not that a thing, but seriously F you Candy Crush Saga.
This is ridiculous. I've had this phone over a month now (Xperia Z2) and it constantly crashes after 20seconds of watching a video. So frustrating. Facebook get your act together!!!
Its not as fast as I would like it to be...but besides that its a pretty good app.
Messenger sucks
Thanks for developing
I agree that it's ridiculous to force people to download TWO apps for the same program. Fb messenger takes up Way too much data on my phone & slows it down tremendously! I have to remove it just to take a picture on my phone, upload to IG, then retrieve fb msgr to chat with friends. It's absurd! & the fact that there are features that are only available via computer/laptop removes worth from having the app.
Sucks
Why do they need to access my call logs, sms msgs, microphone and camera? They are turning into big brother. This is personal information and an invasion of privacy, especially the part where they are allowed to take pics/videos with you device without your permission! Will never have it on my phone ever again!!!!!!
Love it!!
You guys are forcing me to download messenger!! 2 apps for one purpose that is a total waste of my memory...
Needs better settings for privacy.
MESSENGER APP IS A FAIL , NO ONE WANTS IT AND THE APPS DONT EVEN WORK PROPERLY , GO BACK TO OLD WAYS OR PEOPLE WILL CHANGE TO A BETTER APP/SOCIAL SITE
200014
No no no and no, requires too much information and being able to turn my mic or cam on even without my knowledge or approval just plain no
Nice
I don't want to download another app and give facebook all these permissions.
Its really slow at downloading even if I hate 4g and all bars
The New app is too invasive! Complete invasion of privacy!
Nice update but messging has to be lag free
Facebook update
This takes too much space on my phone...
Love it
Before all the invasive updates they had I could easily use fb on my phone browser. I deleted all fb apps and tried just using the browser and coincidentally it doesn't work now.... bs.
Would not let me access my messages unless i downloaded their messenger app, which has way too much permission to infringe on your privacy. Big mistake facebook.
You ARE STUPID GREEDY PEOPLE WHO ONLY CARE ABOUT MONEY!!! GIVE US ONLY 1 DAMM APP!!!
Fb app already has access to virtually all of my phone... now since they need downloads for their messenger app we're forced to download it? What's the point of having two apps for the same service? Ridiculous.
Lol
Tttt
You people go from bad to worse to terrible! Why do you need permission to create accounts scan my messages look at my photos make phone calls open my apps....you have more permissions on my phone than I do! Then you do these things under the guise of a "better app". The app is still riddled with the same problems except now I feel like I'm running it in the Soviet Union, I am waiting for Hitlers SS to break down my door at any moment!
It looks like Facebook is forcing us to install that Messenger piece of junk so I'm going to uninstall the whole Facebook thing. Period.
It keeps saying error when I try to log in. But I can log in on my computer.  It used to work and now doesn't work at all.
Very usefull and helps a lot to those people who missed their love ones and friends, thanks facebook...
I can only see the comments that I've made and not the others
I want to download it but it consumes ram alott so just not downloading it because my android goes extreeeeeeeeeeme slow.. what to do :(
Best socializing app!
Uninstalled. I can't believe how pathetic this has gotten. No privacy whatsoever.
Has a way of forcing to do smething ,,,,,, not kool and it is very slow
It is too slow to download
Good
Forcing me to download messenger to read my messages? How about me deleting your app... Without message it's completely useless.
I actually think this version of Facebook's app was pretty decent. Or I did, until Messenger was decoupled and forced on everyone as a separate app. Until they fix that, ONE STAR FOREVER.
Update app please it's consumed many mb.but is nice
I am ready to go now that I have to take DS to the bar and the City of the World of Video games and more than a year ago by the time of day year day year day year long time term time to time but it is a not sure if what is your favorite sites online at the Google logo on he her here her here is are you doing this weekend in a while to respond from the public letting them know that I am not going on with you to the magistrate  to get a into I have been a while lol what is going on the internet the same time
I had no issue with the function of the app. But why does the app want the ability to record audio and take pictures with out you knowing. And why does facebook what to read my texts and stuff. Now I have to use 2 apps cuz they want there own messager. DONE UNINSTALLED I'm using the website.  You make that impossible Facebook and I have a $20 bill says I quit Facebook all together.
I CAN'T LOG ON
Prompts me that I have a message, shows me the message in the push alerts but wouldn't let me view and reply. Forces me to download a different app which i don't want. Using browser instead of this app.
This is outrageous, once people get used to having their privacy taken away they will think it's OK to do anything!
Abcd
Nice
Super
Awesome
I already had Facebook at 1 star for burying the sort news feed feature. I still do not want them choosing what is in my news feed. But forcing messenger on mobile users is a bunch of BS. That's why I have text messaging. Permanent one star for those 2 bone headed moves. You can't see replies to your comments or reply directly to a comment either. Editing posts is hit or miss. The mobile browser version works much better. I will be deleting this crappy app until they fix it. I won't hold my breath.
Having to pull out of my Facebook app and go to another app just to message somebody then go back to the main facebook app to continue facebooking is fracking irritating. I don't know what in the hell Facebook is thinking. I am transitioning to Google Plus.
I have to install fb messanger to check my messages.. you guys are just got mad.. it sucks.. sucks like hell...
Great
Maruti
Don't like that they split messenger.
No, you don't know me at all, Facebook. If your creepy algorithms were right, they would've told you never too have changed how I like my news feed. Screw this worthless app.
I can't se my messages,i must download stupid f...ing messenger
Wow - another episode in Facebook's long line of horrible design decisions. Not only have we been stuffed with stupid side bars that no one needs, and not only have we lost the ability to permanently sort our feeds by Most Recent, but now we can't even message other FB users through the main application anymore. Facebook did the same thing with the Pages Manager, breaking it out of the main application just to get 2% more functionality. Put simply, this application was never great, and it just keeps getting worse with each update.
FRIEND!!
Nice
I either have to force stop or uninstall and reinstall app multiple times a day because it freezes up and quits working. This has been going on for months!!! I can't believe a company as large as Facebook can't figure out how to fix this.
No longer able to view/ send messages, but still receive notifications for them. Annoying push for separate app instead.
Remove the messages tab very funny dahell you people thinking you idiots !
Ali
I am not downloading ur stupid messenger app. Then app no longer is able to message ppl, which automatically makes this app garbage.
It is getting super ridiculous and old that everytime i wanna upload a video it wont let me re open facebook at all and will not upload the video i have to uninstall then reinstall the app. And when you get on fb and its showing you stuff from days ago but not recent its stupid used to love this app i really suggests it gets fixed
It takes up too much space when I don't want it to update, it already took 236MB with 112MB left on my internal storage card.
Good
You guys deleted my review... This app is crap now that u have to download a whole other app just to message on fb (messenger) which I will not do because I do not see the need for you guys to do this to us. Please fix this to where I can message from the fb app again and I will rate 5 stars till then it's staying at a one star
Perpetual space issues. Insufficient space to upgrade the larger 5 or so apps, Facebook included. But apparently,  it updated enough to not let me see messages. I don't want a separate app. I don't love Facebook enough for 2 apps. And I obviously don't have enough space on my phone to download their Messenger app.  UPDATE: I did just that. Saved myself about 67Mb of space and I can see messages.
Old app worked OK, this one crashes and doesn't load.  Worst Facebook interface ever. Fire the developers of it.
This cannot be happen.. also there are too much permissions requested... will change the rate until this change... otherwise this is not acceptable..
the newest update sucks ... so many problems with trying to scroll .... worst update so far ... please fix.... also it is in my sd card but uses my internal space ...ABOUT 50 MB OF IT ... please fix
I loved it
Suck that new Facebook messages can access your entire phone without telling u. And when u download u agree to that....messages worked just fine on Fb ap. Put back on Fb app or a lot will never log o.n Fb lolz .look like I'm going back to MySpace (: oh and Fb don't show u half posts of what u like n want to see rather than advertise and show brainwashing things. They h ide any news on newsfeeds about important stuff and show u garbage. Deleting app until they fix messaging back and fix conditions
Why should I have to download the messenger just to see my messages....I wish you would stop updating face book and leaving it the way it is, first u change the emoji, now the messages, fb was fun before all of the complications...Leave it alone, PLEASE AND THANKS!!!!!!
Super
Forcing people to migrate to messenger just so you can access our information is just wrong.
Since the update, I can't use WiFi to get the latest news feeds. I'm conserving my data for when I'm at work only. Tried to uninstall app but it came as a loaded app when I got the phone. This needs to be fixed immediately.
1. It would be nice if you could take away one of the the bars on the top. You know, it takes part of the screen.  It makes my screen smaller. I prefer the whole screen free.  2. Other thing is, the app starts on news on the left side and I need to go all the way to the right to get the menu. I don't like that!
If it wasn't for keeping up with my family that lives out of town, then I would have deleted this Facebook already It keeps closing and not responding. Its getting rediculous. I'm tired of it. Y'all need to do something right about this app cause all you do is keep changing it and no one likes it FACEBOOK FUC**NG SUCKS!!!!!!!! I can't even get on it this needs to be fixed
Cool
I love Facebook I can keep up with my family and friends post pictures and see pictures of loved ones I don't get to see often
I hate the fact that we can't see messages on the Facebook app anymore and you HAVE to download messenger app. That's fucing retarded! FIX NOW, it's just plain stupid.
Great app
Very smart
Keeps force closing and if it does work its so bloody slow to do anything pls fix and il give more stars
Can no longer get messages through Facebook without having to install a second app! However the second app is SH!T. Caused phone (Galaxy S5) to freeze constantly in the browser, texting, camera, games, contacts. If I could give Facebook a 0/5 stars I would. Seems that with every update where Facebook tries to make things better, they get worse.
Faecbook
Bhai
Fuckin horrible
Good
Cant save pics from fb and massenger
Fb is stupid with out messages! Fiz or deleting. N looks like most people are agreeing
Works
Give our messaging back!!!!!!!!! Or I and many other people will get rid of everything that deals with Facebook!! So give back our messaging with out the stupid messager app because A LOT of us can't use it!!!!!!! Or we will get rid of everything to do with Facebook profile, games, and apps. And we will tell them all that Facebook is why we uninstalled them!!!!
I don't need an app for an app and I don't need two Facebook apps draining battery. If people want to message me, they can use Twitter.
Always time out wat now
Thabit Waluya
Too many permissions that don't need to be there. Uninstalling this rubbish app.
You are invading our privacy. I'm about to shut my Facebook down.
I dont need both apps I barely use my facebook app anyways now i need 2 on my phone i might as well just log into it from my browser you assholes
It is nice to meet people, with this service!!!! It's Kool!!!!
Who does facebook think they are to use all these permissions?! Deleting this app now. Screw this
Fix this problem ..get bck the old facebook plz this is bull pmz ppl
It is ridiculous to have to use 2 apps separately for a feature
Keep it up
Facebook
Life so cooll with FB
After downloading your messenger it is too difficult to chat i cant chat  fast it take so much time and CPU and speed comes to slow slow my problem or other wise i am deleting my account
it keeps closing and telling me to redownload it so i do but it wont work please fix
Loved it
Dirtywater
I love Facebook
If u update it then its easy to use or perform different things as well such to chat friends upload pictures and much more ...
I have to uninstall this 3 times a week now.
Nobody needs access to your camera and your microphone to see and hear everything thats going on!!! They can watch you at anytime.. I know a lot of people deleting their Facebook account!!!!
Its new trend going soon...
Don't like how I need to download another app so I can actually message people.
Erro
Please have mercy on our eyes and enable the users to make the font size bigger.
i love and use fb daily,so 5 star for this.
100%
The app is the best of a bad platform
Bad bad bad
Messaging is no longer available, you have to use a different app that uses up more space and has very invasive privacy settings. Facebook hardcore dropped the ball on this.
Major battery and storage killer. If you want more storage and battery life i would suggest going through the browser
So better
Force me to install the chat app? Earn 1 star! Good luck! But I didn't installed it
Need speed
It won't download
5 star
Mhaque s.n.m tex Engineering technology electrical
very fast ....i love this app...
Facebook removed messages via this app and requires a completely separate app for facebook messenger which requires many intrusive permissions. Dislike.
Poop messaging
App malfunctions to often
:(
Ok
Sun
Goog
Since the update i can not watch any videos... Big problem needs to fixed ASAP!
927
Wth? Why do I get posts from 4 days ago next to posts that just happened? Kind of like buying a newspaper that reports on things that happened last week.
Needs messaging
Unless you like having to delete programs, ignore this bloatware.
I hate it
AWESOME JOTTTTTTTTTILLLLLLLL
No more native messages function??
Anti-user
Good
What's going on Fb?!
Why won't the event section ever load?! Constantly saying try again.
Disgusting
So. It's very annoying, we must install messenger. It's make many ram.
Its allowed to view your call log, text messages, use your microphone and so on... facebook is getting out of hand
Is Best
Its always saying news feed not loading I hate it
YUVRAJ RANA SANDHU
Update sucks
:/ I don't need your messenger!!!!!!!!! 
dimag kharab kar diya no dawnlod only boooooooring
Awful app.
Became very slow after the latest update. It sometimes abruptly stops  responding also.
It freezes every time it tried to load a video in the "wall" On BOTH of the phones in my house, an LG optimus f6(kitkat) and another LG f70 . I really hate that you are literally forcing us to use the d#mn messenger app! I will not allow use of my hardware at your whim! Mic? For what do you need my Mic? S#ck it!
Installed an old version in order to see messages cuz the messenger is taking so much memory that make the phone too slow
Not happy about having to install another app for messaging.
Not notified of new posts. Does not show number comments until a post is opened to see if a comment has been made. Facebook app is turning to be useless. Now no messenger.  Great.
Baad speed in pakistan
many updates..
senat
Hell yea
Nice version
Check your terms and conditions again facebook. Yes you do reserve the right to change your IP when you see fit, but when your IP is changed, you also need to tell the community. Either fix messenger on the current Facebook app OR fix all store descriptions, photos, and your Terms and Conditions to reflect the change. Anyone a lawyer?
Be's puyna
Not impressed that I have to download yet another app just to message. I can't download anything else because of it. Not happy at all.
Absolute crap that Facebook expects me to download another app to do messaging. If it's available on PC give it to me in my smartphone app. I will stop using Facebook for messaging until this is corrected
Why 2 apps now. The amount of privacy you people invade is already stupid, but now this? Take your messenger a stick it. I'm out
Unfortunately facebook keeps making it worse for Android users - now by taking away messaging? No thanks, Zuckypoo - not buying it.
Its nice i can communicate all my friends
Constantly freezing and crashing.... infuriating

Awesome app
I find it despicable for you to force messenger on us. PLUS I can't play videos in the app.
Pastor
friends
I refuse to use your garbage, spy software message app. Go back to the way it was. Now! Also, I've deleted the Facebook app. Gent bent you greedy asshats!
I like
Beautiful
Keeps crashing
You also need the messenger app to view messages which gets advertised down your throat like crazy. I deleted both apps and use the browser version which is a bit faster and doesn't eat away at your battery %
No show messages in Facebook app I have low ram phone not properly run heavier apps so please return messages in Facebook app, cause I hated this. :/
I lik. It

Nice program
It's a very great application I love it so much it's application #1 in my phone
It's interesting and we can talk to our relatives and friends through this
mohd hadi waker mim
Why do we need to download messenger it takes up all of my memory put it back the way it way or ill just have to delete the app and even my profile !!
On a samsung galaxy 3, and freezes daily. Frustrating.
I hate it
B
Nice apps
Does what it needs to do
M
3
I love that they are trying to improve and update their system, but it messes up my phone bc it takes so much memory... the fb phone is okay when you are close to the person but the further you are the reception is horrible.. messenger is gay but okay at the same time its dumb that it has to be its own app more memory to suck up but its nice bc of all the cute lil features that are provided it is way faster than txtN...
Good
Meh :-/
I'm not installing messager. Facebook is only doing that so that way people are more likely to buy they're stupid stickers
Ladyleo
Once they change the messenger app I will reinstall on my phone. Change isn't always good.
Deleting this app. Forced to have another app just for messages, what's the reason? Done with these Facebook apps. You can clearly see people don't want this.
Of Facebook/CIA program constantly extending it's reach in our lives cant wait till google + is as popular as FB.
Im uninstalling the facebook app as of today. I will not be forced to download facebook messenger just to read my messages. So a big FU to that

Piece of shi* app its all goin downhill
Minor tweaks only.
This app no longer supports messenger or what? I cant reply my chat messages directly from here, its annoying really.
For people like me, that don't upload video, or a photo of me every 5 seconds, I just use this app for two reasons: occasional status change and messenger; and now it lacks of 100% of purpose, I won't install that messenger crap, I can stay in touch with my contacts via the mobile site, and I can also change my status there. Farewell app
WonderFul App....
Why i must install that massenger. I dont wanna this app. Remove this add.
Unless you install their horrible messenger app, which requires permission to access every personal detail on your device. Absolutely disgusting
why , just why ?
Invasion of privacy.
Kk
So so
Love it
I like it
Hey fb  how to get
I'm trying to uninstall Facebook from my phone completely but I can't its like its burnt right into my motherboard! IM NOT INSTALLING MESSENGER!
Too much battery consumption..
I love it.
Awesome App!! 
Just installed it and tried
Unlike browsers like UC browsers that have made persian reading available on older phones, it is a surprise that a gigantic company like facebook has not worked on page loading encoders
I just updated my Facebook on my phone and now it won't open so frustrated right now!! PLEASE FIX THIS OR I WILL DELETE THE WHOLE THING, Facebook, the f.b app and instagram!! :-(  probably the stupidest thing Facebook has done so far!
Awsome
Nice
Changing the rating to 1 star after messenger is removed
Ok but freezes alot
No more msg in fb.it's a mess with messenger
Do Not like  a separate app checking in on me. Did you forget why you developed this Zuckerman?  Has corporate and government Big Brother paid you enough to sell out? I love being able to see what my family n friends across states are doing and this keeps me connected,  but Will Not switch to the messenger! !!! Possibly delete all together and tell all to switch to my space.
Suck i cant do messenger :(
Tried to logged in and keeps telling me log in failed check network connectivity. ...everything else works so it's not a problem with connectity it's a problem with this app. Fix immediately please or I will be deleting everything. This started when I had to download the messenger app in order to get messages....stupidest idea ever!!! Change it back or you will lose a lot of people.
App sucks without the integrated messaging feature.
fix contact sync on gnex!
Everytime i open my facebook, it always appear first and it takes how many minutes to appear my profile clearly. I hope you can solve this problem right away.
I don't like how they're forcing us to use this app, I don't like how many permissions they need, but I honestly love the app, the message overlay is amazing.
Uninstall app.
Facebook  Problems
nice
Have not seen Completely
I'm a FB-aholic
Easy to find.. :)
Its not lie it true, download this n gave it 5star
What happened to posting on a page you manage option?
Change ur version first of all and secondly add some animations for chatting purposes . I mean it would be great if facebook adds animations instead of stickers . Stickers are a total mess . You just keep searching when to send which sticker . Thirdly I think you should not force us to use Facebook messenger . Fourthly please change the news feed from top stories to most recent and I think thats what we all want . Fifthly please do the required things , you people really need an update including  those things . Otherwise facebook's rating is going to low , unfortunately :(
Instant force close on nexus 5.** reinstalled and it works fine
Dissanayaka
Bad update ... get back the messages in the app ... or i will delete both facebook and messenger, you are the most stupid developers i've ever seen in my life !
They can, if they felt like it, watch us using own phone. Or send a text or make a call on our behalf without us even knowing.
Ram chand
Its getting baaaaadddd !!!
Yes
I can keep in touch with my all friends ...wonderful
facebook
923
Gooooood
Done with the app. Too intrusive.
Why did they removed messaging?
The messenger app is the dumbest idea ever. It's constantly crashing my phone. I am really starting to consider deleting fb.
Communication is vital too life.
Can't live with it can't live without it. Or can we? Think facebook is trying to find out what it takes for us to all decide we don't want it anymore
I hated it coz... we have to download messenger  for messages and it somewhere restricts our privicy...if some else' gets our phone...!!!       Plz fix it soon... !!!
Need for intrusive Messenger companion app. Order of news feed is unpredictable so items are often late or possibly missing. On the good side, user interface is nice.
Pls up grade my Facebook
We have to use fb messenger for conversation. This really sucks.
Please fix it to where I can play videos again on my phone!!!!!! It comes up with an unknown error occured while playing this video!!!!
Why the hell can't i read messages on facebook?
Extremely slow...
When it trying to download it cause error to download....
After update darn thing keeps crashing
Love it
I cant update facebook its says intallation error, so I tried to delete facebook, I CANT I have to update facebook before I can delete??? I cant I just cant. NOT HAPPY AT ALL
Ever since the new update I can't refresh my wall and nothing will load
I uninstalled this app, couldnt send messages, and also @ the app info says, it reads ur text messengers, makes phone calls, tracks ur location, like big privacy issues man!
They took away the ability to read messages so you have to download another app. Annoying. Uninstalling
I luv to use facebook.
Exillent app
Installed
Still plays videos when I exit videos
I don't like that now to see massages, I have to download the massager app. #teamtoomuch
I must say that this is the best. But it slows down my phone.
Promise
Messenger such a badd app i dislike its why i install two app for same work its also ok when messenger have an log out option
Awesome experience. ....:-)
Facebook dpat merapatkan lagi hubungan silaturahim .
Amzing to swipe and share pics and update status
PhuckBook is better..
I love this app and do not mind having to use messenger at all in fact I like it better that way.  I love watching my family that is 2000 miles away and watching my nieces and nephew grow
Love it
I tried deleteing it but if you want to play games w friends you need facebook. I'll keep you fb but I wont like it!
Top
Start
Good
Me
Fb is awsome I can talk to my friends and family
What happen to the messages its not be use **ck it
Super
Like
The decision to move messages to Messenger is senseless. Nobody is gonna use two apps to check Facebook. It also consumes a lot of memory and there is too much of lag. Slows down my entire phone. Serious improvements needed. I'm leaving if nothing changes soon.
Awesome experience every one hAs to be try
Before, it was slow and crappy.  Now I'm forced to use TWO crappy apps from them? PASS.
Thes good
Naeem Jaan
bring back the old fb pls!!!!!
Gm
Vvvhg
Good experience
Ullat
Gege
I'll give you one guess as to where I suggest you can install your stupid messenger app.
No messages?! you guys are ridiculous
You need to stop spying on people

Messages don't work
Its the best
Why is that if im downloading photo from fb to my phone the resolution is poor  . Please help
not opening the videos throwing out of the application directly
The facebook app needs to improve and be  updated
Stop forcing people to install messenger!!
Once upon a time, this app ran at a decent speed and took an average amount of storage.  Now it's slow & laggy, and has bloated to a huge app.  The latest?  They removed/disabled the Messenger features to force you to install the Messenger app.  You may even still receive Message notifications, but not be able to view them!  I will uninstall this integrated app and use the mobile site exclusively before I install a second fb app on my device.
Very good apps
Waste of space and now you need us to download a separate application for messaging? You're pretty full of yourself Mr. Z.
Why are you doing this?.. You're making things so complicated..
Very good
Excellent
I have to download another app just for the messages?!? This app alone has drained enough of my battery as it is and now another app?! C'MON!!!
Khan
Nice
Want to know why..
kuala lumpur
Deleted the app all together. Sucks that you need a different app just to send and receive messeges. I'm back to using just the web version.
I like this app, but there are 2 things that upset me: 1) The whole messenger thing - you can't go to your inbox in the FB app without it prompting you to get the messenger app, which I just deleted after it was revealed that that's how FB gets into your phone, & 2) the fact that I can't make custom privacy settings when I post something. Please fix that.
Facebook needs to do a complete overhaul. I would love to see a custom app so I could download a main file and just what add-ons I want. Something, anything but the ugly behemoth this app has become. It slows down my phone so much.
Whatt?! Cant see messages without Messenger?!! OhhhComeeOnnn!!o
Someone needs to educate Facebook on CSR.
Facebook
No messenger, no go!
They are trying to trick k everyone
I can't able to copy my text when I use phone please update ur version in which text may get copied
Satiny
Kushwaj
It sucks that you want all access to my personal info
Give back facebook messenger
Der r no mre msges in inbox 1stly u hve 2 download messenger. ....dis is really vry vry bad.....
Hope u all get rid of "must download messenger" I'll erase it all.I can transfer all my picas to Walgreen's or Walmart.that's really all I use fb 4anyways. Thanks a lot NOT
It says error. And disallow download
Facebook. is great to have. to find loved ones and friends and. see what people are up too.
I give you 1 month to get rid of this message app crap its up to u facebook
NO WAY!
What is wrong with you facebook people?!?!?!
Thank you for wasting my time.
Wish load faster
Keep forcing user to install messenger !!!stupid at all
its a good app but all the time it asks for messenger...messenger sucks....
I don't like y'r mesengger app.. it's drain my memory n make me crazy.. please don't force me to uninstall this fb..
Vaishnav
messages does not work anymore. 2 seperated apps needed now. its more easy to use the browser. And that will save you alot space aswell.
I think it's better to do facebook in net than phone.
Average
Go verry fast
Can we give more than 5 stars ?Amazing work out...
No messages
I luv fb
Nce but the app is a little bit slow
Awful. ... Uninstalling!
To good mark z.
I DO NOT WANT YALL IN MY PERSONAL BUSINESS SO STOP TRYING TO GET ME TO DOWNLOAD THE MESSENGAR I UNINSTALLED IT FOR A REASON. THATS INVASION OF PRIVACY GOD DAMMIT
Facebook is forcing me to download Facebook Messenger? It was great that we can chat in the app and see messages, but now your moving messages to Facebook Messenger that also eats up storage and RAM! Only one star until you bring back the original Facebook!
Good
22
Nw

Uninstalling fb ap and fb messenger
improved this app please !!
Loved it
This is absurd
This app is worse now  than when I first got it. I cant sign in without getting a log in error and I have wi-fi on and full signal. Not happy please fix
Sllow
Its faster
Lenthy
uninstalled because app forces you to install messenger app to read messages, which has many bugs and will conflict with other apps and cause them to crash..  this facist tactic to push a product is not the way to go Facebook has lost many many customers..  if i know over 50 in my town alone..  I can only imagine how many uninstalls happened in the country..  hopefully they lose ad dollars as they lose the market
Because i cant download it.
Bring my message-function back if you want me to reinstall your app
it crazy they need to find a way so it don't take up so much space and now u have to get a different app just for messages!!!!
A wonderfull app
Why we need to show our messages to install Fb messenger ! Are you crazy Fb maker ! Fix this otherwise all your lover simply hate you. Use your brain in front of our lots of privacy . stupid Facebook !
No messaging probably doesn't warrant one star. But its one way to get the message across.
Facebook is asking for way to many permissions on my device. #Uninstalled
I dont like the new app the old one is better. I dont like the fact that were going to have to install messenger. Plus this app nmakes my android phone freeze up and say unfortunately facebook has stopped.
I like it cause Facebook is right at your fingertips... don't have to get on the web and search... convenient!! "
Riar
Good good
The app is ok,  but im not going to install the messenger app and I'm tired of the alerts to do so . I'd rather use the mobile site.
Its chating bar is so dul , so i'v to download masnger too to chat with my buddys thats mean two applications for one thing that sucks my phone cpu and fill its ram too that slow downs my cell phone :-P correct that issue then i'll give you five stars :-)
Keeps freezing!!! Then force closes!!
M nt able to see my messages....when ever I try to ...it alway shows to install facebook messager n that I don't want to install...fix this problem as soon as possible
The Facebook app is entirely enormous i must say,but running two apps the same time?! That must cause a breakdown for some android users!! Please remove messaging app and restore the old one! Bec. It SUCKS TOO MUCH
For updating
REAL
I like this app
I love it
Whene nead to pass masseges to etch othere it's esy method by fb.
I'm back
B
Every new version is getting worse and worse.
hate it now...cant read my message
Poor new version too slow and too much memory. trash it
First the app uses too much data and resources and now it's forcing to install messenger. You are not worth it FB.
Average
Good
To use messenger for viewing basic messages, keep it as an optional, as there are lots of user who doesn't want to install messenger.
You have removed the stop notification option from the posts? And forcing users to use fb messenger instead? This sucks.
nice aplication
It's. A cool application.....
Yup
Facebook is not loading up on my galaxy s3 says error loading and tap. But doesn't work still! Also i WILL NOT download the messenger app.. Facebook u disappoint me more and more every day!  Smh. I have deleted and downloaded the app to and still don't work.  I have turned my phone on and off still nothing!
For public post can we have the reply option in the facebook app and not just only in the browser?? Ty :)
I only keep updating this crappy program so I can keep in touch with my friends. If you don't update your device starts malfunctioning and if you upgrade they just load you with more spyware. FACISTBOOK IS LOSE LOSE FOR ANYBODY THAT USES IT
Greatgfg
No 1 social media.
Good
Thanks to that stupid messenger app I can log on fb for all of five freaking minutes before it force closes or kicks me out. This even happens when I log in from my browser. Never had this problem until the stupid messenger app. Way to fail fb.
Ok
I will say this. They have been rolling out the newest updates without tons of bugs. So that's good. Has a lot of features that you previously couldn't access just sometimes its hard to navigate to them.

I love this app
With the new update the app is super slow on my droid maxx and keeps crashing.
Whoever thought of this needs their brain scanned. Now you need two apps where one did the job perfectly before.  The messenger app leaves annoying icons on your screen that you can't delete.  Maybe the idea was for us non messengers to make Facebook harder to use. We you've won! Ye ha!
Hate Facebook
Use too much ram and storage
Ok
I cant even do voice calls wif my frens in fb, it keeps says "unable to record audio". USELESS!
Can't even support simple copy paste feature for any FB text post 
Add to the app the possibility to change users like in page manager...'cause people like me have personal and work profile...
YOU NEED WORK ON FB because many deaf need make video on comments because deaf will understand through video than English. Sometimes deaf has difficult read the English. So please please if u make video comments I give u 5 star
suparb
...I think I'll just use the browser..
It's ridiculous how much ram this app uses!
Sunil_chintamani
facebook
b
Mast
Make Facebook lighter please it is very heavy and that does make it go slow. I had to delate it because it was taking up far too space.
Supper
After update images are not shown at my wall....please fix this I will give u 5 star
Why do we need to have to download the fcking messenger?
its awesome
Considering all the updates it's still probably the worst app going. Laggy/way to many permissions/stupid messenger. SORT THIS CRAP OUT FACEBOOK!!!!
Poor call quality...
So sad a
This is just ridiculous...noone shud be frcd to dwnld somethng against their wishes...mesges shud be brought bck to the main app...
CUTEST KID
Nicee
Good
Frndtastic
bring back mesages, i don't want to use messanger ... this is b.s.!!!
Its so disgusting... surez wouldn't take a bite
This is a piss take
The best
Why can't you put messenger with the app? FIX PLZ
Why does it have to take up so much space? Please allow this application to be moved in sd card and i will give you a perfect rating. Please fix this!
To download the chat messenger..to view fb msg # crap..
Good
Please remove this annoying messenger .It's of no use please remove this app
Nj
Good
cool app
In my micromax canvas4 divice not play fb videos y ?
I love this app
Sandip
I hate ittttttttt:p:p:p
ok
parizo
Its cool
F u and your messenger fb
Not movable to SD card
Update facebook please it's gone really slow
To use two apps by a company, so I'm going to use no apps by this company.
Goood
It getting worst
Funny
Working well for me
Getting WORST day by day :\
Now No more update i just hate
Facebook
EXCLENT
So what the point of making official app that can't do every fb feature in those app? From now i'd like to open my fb account in chrome
:-D
I really dislike that I was obligated to install the messenger app. Any company that forces 3 separate (including pages manager)  apps on me should really rethink that strategy.  I use the webversion instead. Drains less battery and doesn't consume huge amounts of data. I like the peace and quiet. After all, do we really need to be constantly notified of what's happening on FB?
Well its working right now. We'll see after the next update lol
Sr, I dont think so.
Dont make messenger necessary. If u remove necessities i will give 5 star. Otherwise i will deactivate my fb account
I'm uninstalling this in favor of tinfoil to access Facebook, though I'm half tempted to leave Facebook all together.
Are you crazy to create 2 apps .one for notification ana the other for msgs !!!! It will harm our cpu idiots. I prefer to delete my account instead of downloading two apps for fb.
Loved it
Suppr
A very great device when you want to find loved ones and friends and family if you haven't seen or heard from in many years
I love it
Very best app
Keeping up with freinds is faster than ever
paki delete nga po si allen nopre sa facebook para bigyan ko kayo 5 star
Facebook used to work fine when I could send people personal messages so I didn't have to keep track of e-mail addresses.  With that functionality removed this app will follow in myspace's footsteps.  So if you own stock, dump it.  I will not install another messanger app, I want the e-mail capability back in the app.  FYI I am not in the target audience because I don't live with my parents.
I don't quite know what facebook had in mind for this, but it is the worst app i have ever experienced and i seriously think they should legally rethink watch they are forcing people to download when facebook already has too much of your personal information. I can imagine facebook is losing hundreds of thousands of users because of this and they should really do something about it now before people start getting the law involved.
Mohpn agar semua kesilapan dari pengguna dapat dijelaskn andai nya terdapat kesilspan dari pengguna baru
i
Loved it
Desrvs 1 star
Half
Uninstalling facebook app in favor of the mobile website, because I can no longer see fb messages in the app. Fb messages are for fb, sms messages are for a separate app. Fb will never replace sms and I WON'T install a separate app, especially amid the privacy concerns.
Without messenger app we cant get our msgs :( n if we download messenger we cant logout in messenger ...
Ok
It always crashes please fix it immediately please do something about it.. :/ the app is not running can you please fix this problem?????
Facebook
It worked perfectly before they removed the messenger abilities. Now they want a depredate app that takes twice as much memory and battery life just to do what the one app used to do. On top of that the messenger app requires you to agree to ridiculous privacy infringements to use
very well...
Nice app
Wtg facebook, for attempting to make me download a crappy messenger app on my phone in order to view my messages.  For that, I'm uninstalling the ENTIRE FB app and will just check FB through my browser, since that is the only way around this nonsense! Some of us don't want to be available ALL the D@*# time, and also don't want to give up certain rights (like the ability to keep my phone contacts private from third party vendors) for this.  You seem to be suffering from a sense of invincibility that this reviewer doesn't think you're entitled to.
Good
Amazing !!
Facebook's decision to move the instant messaging functionality to it's own app essentially breaks this Facebook client without offering any additional benefits.
Owesum
Facebook
2x i try to update the latest version of facebook..but its always says cannot be update by it location.please fixed it...
Lovely
This fb was very easy
Facebook is asking for access to more and more personal information as a trade-off for using it, so I'm deleting it
No fair Facebook. I don't want two apps to run one platform. Might as well uninstall this app and use my computer to access facebook.
what is this!!!! Get back masseges in facebook. I don't want to use massenger.
If you wanna install facebook you gotta give them permission to look at your photos location all that stuff and the fact that to message people you have to use a diffrent app I think you should go to twitter or myspace or whatever just stay away from these creeps
please return the messages I hate the fb messenger.
You should have left that second addition messenger didn't have problems with my Facebook before it's just pointless.
The app was getting better. Now there is no messenger and we are supposed to install another app with ridiculous permissions.  I am not doing it.
Good
Social networking
Lovely
Crazy I need to add another app for messages
I can't save my dps n cover pics.. its bad.. please fix this problem.
Good
Loading times are much faster in the update as of 14/12/12. Navigating around the app is much quicker and smoother. I suspect this is the first version of the app built on native code.
Was happy with the functionality but now have uninstalled it and am using facebook through my browser because it doesn't provide the functions I want anymore and I refuse to be forced to install messenger.
I liked the old school Facebook. Back before it became All About gathering as much information about yourself. Fortunately there's an app that you can use that restricts what an app can see and do.
Good
Ok
I love this!
This app has become data and batt hog. I don't want videos to auto load and play. News feed is not current news. App is a mess. Like I said b4, fix it 1st b4 adding more to it!!   Uninstalled. RazrM
Matagal mag open
Works great
Fvck it xD
Lokesh
No messagez ?!?!
Screw it
Slow. Uses up most of the power on my  device and of course, there are privacy concerns.
me gusta facebook pero lo malo que ahora tengo que instalas messeger y no me gusta seria bueno si areglan este problemita por favor gracias
With the attempted force to have the messenger app as well, I'll just use the browser to check in as needed.
Take it easy
Red
love it
It's too slow to download
Come on are we mad to run to apps to only for messages I can't get my messages please just shut the system of messenger
SHAME ON U FOR SUPPORTING ISRAEL.
Bring back the messages I don't want to download another app this is getting out of control.
Off to the web version me thinks. Or is time for google plus
I just love this app
Useless messenger.
Both
You can't mandate people to download messenger app by disabling messages in fb app! This is so unethical and unprofessional. Bring back the messages and I will rate it back to 4 stars
Awful
so good
Installed
Nice app. :)
First you try to get people to upgrade to a version of an app that gives almost all rights to do whatever you want to look at what people are doing on their phone/tablet. Then you disable messaging functionality and force users to download another app?!? Facebook already has 3 background processes running all the time on my phone. Now I have to install another app?!? I don't need another app that uses more CPU, data and drains my battery faster with more background running processes. I'm disliking Facebook
Driving  Guru
VERY BAD
Raw3a
Superb!!!
This is a great ap
So apparently you can't use the fb app to read a fb message someone sent you! Which developer though of that genius idea and what was the thought process? "Hey I got a great idea, let's make all fb users have to download another app to read their messages it will make it will  simplify the interface and make it more user friendly!"
On average 100 to 150mb latest update drains battery even more , should be no stars , pile of sh....
Get back messages don't complicate things. We can't use ALL of our memory and cpu just for you!!!
it takes up to much room and you HAVE to have mesgger
Uninstalled!!
I love
Having to download the Messenger app is way out of line
You guys are crazy.  You want me to download Facebook plus messenger for what?  Stop forcing messenger on us its not funny anymore
I like it
mobile fb become more stupic! fuk off
Because it is fb
Since downloading both apps. Now both apps consistent crash on my tablet. Please fix it.
Nice updates
Ammu
Get an error 24.
F... u fb
Can not even log out from my galaxy 5, keeps giving me loading error message. WHY CAN'T I LOG OUT??????
very good and nice
Pendekar Mustar
Good
Kindly please don't mix up comments and comment replies. It's hard to find whether its a comment or reply to a comment. Please make it like we see in web browser in pc.
Awesme app :*
The most amazing invention since pizza!
Good job
okay it was said that fb messenger has alot of access to your stuff..i have valuble piks in my phone hat i refuse to risk..please bring messages back!!!!!!!!!
I love it <3
Facebook
I dont know if you guys have heard already, but messenger is not what you think it is, I just found out shocking news that ITS A SECRET APP THAT CONTROLS YOUR PHONE NO JOKE! Dont believe me, read the terms. It can send messages, look at other applications, and take pictures of you at any TIME NAKED OR NOT! PLEASE DO NOT INSTALL THAT MESSENGER IM NOW TRYING TO UNINSTALL FACEBOOK RIGHT NOW!!!

Do not like all the monitoring.
Lay Bhaei
After the latest update of fb mobile app , seems as if i gotta breakup with fb forever! The app doesnt display one single pic whatsoever, also keeps on displaying 2 days old posts no matter how many times i refresh ! In addition even on browsers my acc doesnt open at all !  Dear fb ! Beginning of the end ?
Time pass
Best y
Nice
I really don't want to install another application to message people...
New version is good
Bestest app ever
It is best app for chating i loved it
Very nice good i say that i love this app very much i say u also update and download thi app thanx have a nice day for u
I hate when it ask for mezsenger and message  did not open bad
I have a low memory device and it is not suitable for those because it allocates a lot of memory due to which i cant install others apps i want !!!!! I think it should be updated  favouring low memory device users!!
Where are messeging??for just msg we've to use two app! this is crazy...messenger takes too much CPU,data,ram! Can't blv that...we wanna get back msging on facebook app'plz fix it fast
Good to contact
Really after all this time and money you still can't get the app right?! It's funny how I don't actually follow any of my friends on my FB yet the App seems to think I do and show there feed, yet if I log onto the desktop version my feed is empty just how I want it. For that reason it's uninstalled. And why do I have to run two separate apps just to message someone?! They can't even be bothered to integrate it together into one App? Facebook is dying out anyway, guess that explains the shocking app.
Longer
Terrible
Too bad after update
Love it
Than massenger
Anti human messenger . Utterly bullshit with forcefully change.
Fb...
Messenger not working you need to download a facebook messenger application . I dont like at all
Ok the messaging worked just fine before but now you are forcing us to install messenger app?  With the ability to eavesdrop on our phone conversations at any time....check applications access to microphone... This deserves a negative rating.                               WRONG ANSWER!
I have download many times this apps.. Always show me try another apps..katana...etc..  When I recieved msg,it closed..for a while..no idea..
When am see notification..and after open there was a Problem to open these Photos.
I m lovin it
Nice apps
Slow... But usually faster than mobile browser
Messenger.? FOR WHAT.?!?!
What's happening in this app every time im installing it, it can't be installed
I like it very much
No Messages ...why do i will download the messenger app?? Totally Nuts ...
EH PUNDEH WHY DID YOU REMOVE THE MESSAGING SEGMENT IN THIS APP AND BLOODY HELL CREATED ANOTHER APP FOR IT? YOU BUY MEMORY CARD FOR ME? PUKIMAKAO
Excellent mssagener
Gud One !!
No messanger so bad..
This app is useless I try to get my most recent friends posts and it just jumps from 1-2 hours ago to 8pm the previous night I never see all my friends posts never mind in chronological order I'm seriously thinking about deleting this app
I love face book
Streamline. ..yeah. Facebook has many uses i enjoy...manly talking to people who i haven't seen or won't see in a while. I can't see them on my feed now though because the great ppl at fb consider advertising more important.  Thanks for access to my friends but not letting me talk to them in your public forum. In doing so you defy your own purpose and fail at trying to take over the world.
Due to privacy settings
I was download it .but i can`t install .please fix thise
Very good things
Mary Fofana Fofana
burraaahh its nice
Khurshidkhan
Its a great way using fb! And add close friends in high school
its a very nice
Read what informal they are taking from your devises.  Think if you have children.  Stop FB from stealing informant about you and your loved ones.  Unless you do not care.  But if something happens do not cry I did not know.  It is spelled out in acceptance before you download.
hanging always very irritating update bettet version
Exceellent apps
Messanger Is very baddddd face book plzzzz I dnt want to talk wid two apps facebook is alone awesome
Excelent
Exlent
Db ex the hmm h ds htdb c.f. gtc c.f. hhhh by
Messages not working .. For messages I need to install new application ... So I   am going to delete this application ..
Error  error error !! Oso cant  install !
Good app
It's very easy to operate. Amazing as it is! Plz bring out the updates (y)
Why the photo i saved becomes not clear? Tho photo quality is not good and kinda blurred .help please helpp
not bad :)
Cant use msgs without messenger
Good app's
I still get my notificationns and friend requests but the messenger app was disturbing bcoz u need to download the messenger and the facebook app individually and u cant read ur messages in fb app bcoz they want u to download the messssssennnngggger!
Mz
Works good
Sunil
Gut
Very bad aplication...I'm back to old version..huhhh
>Is 2014, still can't tag group admins, much disappoint
Who doesn't love it! Love the cool apps for changing the colors on it too!
Do not want to use the Messenger app
NTR rabasa fan's manjunatha
This is the worst thing facebook could do alot of ppl refuse to download it an so have I it was better the way it was I have to get another app to read my messages NO THANKS.
Awesome App
Awesome
Y is dis happening I cant view my profile or pics on facebook messenger

This new update sucks
I love to chat with all my friends and family.
Facebook developers, I need one more to upload my file via facebook android!!! Tnx..
Overall it's good but it takes too much memory. Please also enable option for privacy for people that we do not want to share the status/photo.
Everyone is saying there is no messaging but there is. 5\5
I can't send or recieve msg..
Facebook
Very good app.
It's good
jsjssjnzns
build more friends were ever you are and can't see their pic
Soooooo good
Great appp
Hahaha,no comment for this.
Worst!
Nice
Waiting for the video chat app
Its good
Ok bit slow on samsung duos gts.5302 Updated Twice but same problem.fix up problem please planning to unistall.better use app in laptop.
Love my fb
Not able to sync contacts from FB it needs messenger to sync contact. In fact d newer version fb removed sync contacts option in account settings.
I forced to download messenger. And I don't want messenger apps. It use more ram. So back mszs in fb  only. No need of messenger. Fix it soonly
Good..!
It
busy
Abd l houssein
I liked it very muchhhhh.... Its very awesome
Really loved it
Nice
Good
When i,m downloAd is,not fast google play
Most of d comments here r negatve..do u mind reading it? FB is currently d worst thing in our phones...d only thing we stick on it is because we communicate with it..someday there will be another app dat will bring u down if u dnt fix dis
Can't upload photos to fb,  My device is samsubg galaxy tab 7.7 (P6800) ,ice cream sandwich version
Remove massenger -.-
Now that this app can no longer do messaging it is significantly more useless.
Not happy wid new update
It's great... But sometimes hard to load posts... Plz fix
Facebook decided to remove their messenger option from their stock app, and make it a standalone app-that can do anything up to turn you mic on without your knowledge, record your calls, etc. NO THANKS!
Not bad But Excellent
Ashlie Agcaoili
The Creator of M
I will not give Facebook permission to access everything on my phone. You guys crossed the line now. Everyone should be uninstalling this and the Messenger apps. Maybe they would listen to us then.
When I upload my photo of 2.19MB this application reduced it size and my photo was just quality less because this app turned my photo to 100KB please let us to upload our original photo to facebook.will be waiting it in next update

Suck
Freezes up on me when I start it up... It used to run really fast, after latest update doesn't want to run at all.
I love it
vry vry vry vry good app
Good
Good keep it up :D
Downloaded
This app not working properly
Boomshakalaka!!!
This is strange  app only 1weak I go to update
Its poor for me coz there is no error in ny internet but I can download it.,,
hey facebook your 22mb app consumed 100mb now the data of this app keeps on growing, plus its eating more of my ram.and now you are requiring another app for messages,and what about next, another app for notification,another for newsfeeds,another for search and so on and so forth.then you must make a phone that have a 99tb memory and exclusive only for FACEBOOK APP.youre getting worse now.the  other older version of your app is the best because it is an all in one app unlike the present versions.
Awesome
To many permissions and not getting all stories, just a heap from certain people
Hate the update, can't see any recent post there all over the place. What's the reason for having the app u can't choose what you see smh
(y)
Y we messenger for chat i dont like messger..:( plz remoge messenger from chat
Can facebook please change it so that i can see my most recent easier!
This app is so boring no messages?Wtf?Uninstalling the app and acount.
hmm
nice
Good
Nice
No msgs? R u kidding me? Bye. Uninstalling.
I don't like the new facebook now return the faebook b4 and also the messenger remove it..
Its very nice that's i am using facebook...
Cul app
Sabid dawid
Permissions are ridiculous. Now forcing us to download their devisive app.
Very slow n eatz lot of space
Its nice at full network only....
1 star because there is no way to give it NEGATIVE STARS.  NEVER works right. Fix this junk! Still can not access video album on app or mobile web. Go to install latest update get package install failed.
Good
You people are pathetic. Get to work on some other stupid nonsense NERDS! As if the government needs to be able to dabble in to our lives anymore than they already do! Ill uninstall before I download that all!
After the last update it is consuming more memory than the earlier version. My mobile become very slow. Every time had to kill task.
Bch
Do not alert facebook messengers pls. I no need!!!
Space bht w
Good app and I love it

Acha hai

Keeps getting worse and worse. Not even really worth having!!!!
Profile pics of frnds not showing in chat heads and status
Effortless xD
Messganger      boooooo
Great
V.nice
uninstalled.
Cute
KRISHNA TUMMA
I don't like the fact that I have to see posts from three days later and not recent. That makes me upset.  Plz fix this problem cause I really love facebook.  I would hate to deactivate all together
Pakistan
Very nice and helpful
It will not post anything I say unless I upload a photo
It has more options & it has beautiful features
Nice
You guys are nosey stay out of my stuff!!
Really upset we have to download messenger. When I had a nexus that app gave my phone a virus and now it has so many invasive privacy features there is just no way. Guess messaging on fb is gonna go out of style real quick.
Nice
0
Vavava
Great
Updates always suck. And now I can't use the app that takes up all this space on my phone to read my messages and I have to get a DIFFERENT app? Wth
good
FB NEEDS TO PUT THE MESSAGES BACK IN THE APP PPL ARE UNINSTALLING IT & ITS RUNNING MY PHONE SLOW!!! DONT KNOW BODY CARE FOR IT
Good work
I love thiss aappps.. ..
It s pleasure to  have an app for my favourite social web site....facebook..... :D
It Forces You To Download Messenger nd My Phone Freezez Alot Because Of That
Until the messenger update. I dont use the app, but ever since the update, it often lags horrendously.  Freezing occurs, even. Stuff like this will only make users move on to the next social network....
Time wasting app..........
Awesome
shift of app viceversa too slow, work it out. Me & friends r upset, F on browsers loads fast on messaging. What happened?
pukek
I would have given u 5 stars if not for the Crap thing of the messenger. Thanks
Luv'd it
Has been steadily improving, but progress has been way too slowly for such a big company. Still missing basic functionality e.g. expandable notifications. Overall, it's still a pretty terrible app, the only reason I use it is to keep in touch with certain people. Get your s*** together Facebook!
I am not understanding this error, but I sometimes receive this everytime I post something on Facebook. All other things don't have any problem. Please enlighten of about this.
Fb messenger NONSENCE .
Unistalled both app and msgr due to fb's attempt to get our details without permission.  Shame on u FB
So cool
Why are you forcing me to download facebook messenger?! It has too much space! Please I have facebook so why did you get the messenger in facebook?! Please bring back the messenger! please.
Facebook is the best
Fine
Why in this world do i have to install messenger while I am not willing to. Already fed up with larger size of Facebook and now messenger to. You should focus on the user's review, but you're just making up your own business. Really disgusting to say that you Facebook official app doesn't even worth 1 star. :(
Money donater to Zionist Israel
Saiful
Error photo save irritating i hate
No messages
Nice But my samsung galaxy 5360 full not spot just facebook on my fone is hang plz bug fix
From all the reviews that I've read from the official Facebook app to messenger I feel that Facebook became untrustworthy and unreliable. Really bad how it became a separate of two apps
Not Good site
Pls make fb msgr be optioNal. I hope we cAn edit the descripti0n of photo album asidE fr0m renaming it when using mObile apP. And I wish it cAn also be shareD like when you're using a laptop or pc. Thanx! I hope it's be granteD asap :)
Thr shuld b one optn for coping status :-)
it takes too long to load and download is very slow
Yah i am right 6 star
Good
Nice umu
We want massages back
Oho
Works gr8 on My Galaxy Note 2
Im done with facebook
Good
What are you doing? It's eating so much space and it's not helping! Stop this crap. IT DOESNT DO US ANY GOOD!!!
Wont install
Excellent.. But too slow when open this application. So pls fix that problem.
Sucky privacy issues plus the fact that we have to download Messenger separately to view messages. Highly disappointing. Moreover, one can't even delete one's account.. we can deactivate it but never delete it.
Toit
I have Micromax hand set canvas 4
It won't even let me be on my account total waste of my time
New feeds are not wrkng.fix this
Invasion of privacy
Screw fb lets go back to MySpace
Why fb messenger is needed....?
Loved it
Two apps when one would do the job?
:-) :-) :-) :-)
better
Bad
Bagus
Getting slower every time and taking very long time in loading newsfeed and etc
I have to download 2 different apps to look and send messages which is stupid!! Just keep it how it used to be without the messenger please 
Improvement required..
Today is Tomorrow
not enjoying having to download messenger to see my messages. Im not doing it. Sort it out clearly im not the only one complaining.
I love it
Great
Lenovo s930
Loved it
Good
I love it....
Say no to forced installation of messenger
W
please add a transparent status bar
Thanks for thes apk
Worst application ever without the message option, installing another apps means my battery life cut.
Slower than crap and when it finally opens I get a " FB is not responding" message.  SUCKTASTIC
Nice
nice
Nic app
Like it very much. Won't let me down load the app though..
I have 10gb on my phone and I'm not wasting almost 13mb on ANOTHER app when I could just see my messages and my notifications all on one app. This app.
Good one
Forcing users to install another app to use messages. Uses too much ram. A necessary evil
it's a good app but i don't like that quality when I'm a watching videos. i think there will be soon HD viewing for videos. then i would give it a 5 star.
T
Was handy now asks for too much, not happy that messager is gone.
Bhushu
Good chating software
Went against my better judgement & updated. Now I get to see posts from Saturday on my feed... It's Monday. Seriously?
This new app makes it harder I totally hate this app
FACEBOOK
Why make updates every week with stupid improvements
Please bring back the via android post or via what smartphone the user is using. If you bring it back I'll rate 5 stars.

I'm close to uninstalling this. Keeps filling up my internal storage fast, I had to delete some of my other apps bcoz of ds. I wouldn't have mind if the app is movable to the external storage.
Lots of drama!
love it
You know!
Slowest n frustrating app ever seen.
M facng sum problem on refreshng my page its nt refreshng plz fix it othr wise its nyc app
Its cool to connect to people and frends
Good
It is like spying now. Facebook knows everything abt you and friends. They have access on everything on my phone. And i could be charge with the messages!
Moto G
It's pretty cool! Faster actually...& a lot more user friendly!
Faster loading
Uninstalling due to obligation of install the Facebook Messager.
Love it
Wow
The end of program.
Same permissions needed as the messenger app
Works well
Bring the messenger back.. Running 2 apps is pretty much crazy..
Facebook... please stop updating.. you're making it worst.... I can't talk to my relatives properly because it keeps on saying  "unfortunately, facebook has stop" stop updating.. If I could give negative star,I would..
hate it
Can't even log out of messenger.  May try twitter or something else. App is the worst it has ever been from a functional point of view and ease of use.
Technology is truly amazing
Very nice fb urse
It restarts my feed all the time.
Cant get in to my account it wont send me a code to log in!! Raging f*cking lot of sh#t
Good app, just not sure how private my pictures and stuff are on my phone... Not happy with the app permissions
I love
2 apps in one session is annoying cmon fb
40 bar downlod kiya fhel bta rha hai
There is no need for half the permissions on here! It is a invasion of privacy! Also it is very idiotic to have a separate app for messaging. Facebook is going down the drain...
The problem is , this apps tomuch eat memory than make myphone alwais late loading.
It's memory hunger
Viva Makeovers
Nice
Awesome
I can't even download this keep asking for update and it won't update at all..

Tamil
Cool
Ang ganda

It take up memory nd it need a middle finger button
Its pretty buggy
good
After the last upgrade is actually slower again!! and I can not see the recent stories ... this is really stupid ... fix this !!!!
watup is easy way to chat
Fantastic ap  only for high end phones.  Not good for Low memery phones.
Crashes a lot on all my devices
I cant see the messages in the fb.......its must to install the messenger.......so we r waiting for the resolved version of facebook....!
Awesome and easier
Good
An up
I can't run messenger in my tablet because it takes up too much data and it will crash my tablet all together, if that happens I can't talk to my friends at all unless I beg for a cell phone which most likely never happen. Facebook is keeping me from talking to my friends and family, which is what Facebook strives to do, in my say, they are making me unable to talk to them
Hanging issues after the latest update.
Love this apps...
Check this out!
No more messages without the new app and the new app sucks. Don't download it
MESSAGE!!!!!
Why face book chatting'moij isn't worki .. ???
Having to run to apps for messaging on fb put messages back on fb or might have to delete both apps !!!!!
Sucks!
Facebook , web browser very, easy, comfortable n useful.thanks
fb sucks now
love it :)
Removed messenger forcefully
It's great for on the go, but can be frustrating. Works better on tablets.
Dnt like these spam apps& virus videos going around via inbox which supposedly steals the user's password,this S U C K S,improve it then u  get ur 5 stars
FB
I fail to see the point in having to download a feature already installed on the facebook app. Bring back facebook messaging. I refuse to download messenger. Waste of space and waste of time.
Can't upload pictures! !
Not too nice
Lava iris 454
Need lots of work
Info
Its very slow n when it for installing its starts downloading again so please improve it
Y it is to dam slow? Messenger is also not working r responding properly Plz do something and quick. Note 2
After the updates the app keeps force close itself!!!!
For everyone Saying "It's forcing Me To download the Facebook Messenger app " ... I completely agree with you, They shouldn't Be allowed To go through our personal things. But also guys you Have a browser on your phone you can and will always be able to view your messages
Very good

Nice
America
U work with the government for data u have an update ever week and u low key try to get stuff form are phone and you have data save form all are Facebook and u hAve to have massager to work with Facebook now that's suzks I rather get on the browser
love face book
I don't want to use a separate app for chat!
Great app
Facebook is just horrible, you cant see your messages without downloading that messanger app and the permissions in the messanger app are horrible they want access to youre entire phone and its contents. And can and will use youre phone to call people against your will and they are able to turn on your camera and mic without your permission. So to sum it all up facebook is a horrible company bent on makkng people dumb while simultaneously spying on them.
u successfully corner me to not use this fb apps..thx to ur fb messenger thing..seriously. .im nt gonna download ur messenger apps..ur just making the software less convenience. .does tat even make sense ?
The last update is good! But this it's so bad
Cool
Hot book
im on it daily n i keep up wit  everything
Can't set news feed to most recent. Hate the navigation set up.  Hate how u can't message through this application,  hate how u have to have messenger. Dumb update! !! Change it
Best
i cant download this apps..it stop at 93% why?
Superb fantastic
No more privacy? Forced to download the app? Haha suck it easy FB I'll go back to MySpace!!
Woooooooow
?id=com.facebook.jannatul013
error loading news feed
I'm loving it
Loved it
I don't want to download messenger.
I want sex
Its not up to the mark.
Like it,,  .f bk. My. Best. Friends,,,,
Ple add the copy and paste function on people post ... some times we have to type our way and its a hurdle for quick sharing of information. Ple allow user to dislike option it can start with pics only  or with comments only at least there would be something new on fb for users for a change if it fails u can roll back. Similarly allow user to download video from fb for individual user u can have privacy option to allow others or few to download and for pages like eg brand page or welldone stuff page
Add my facebook: Olfin Istianni
Great
New update is crap. I rather see most recent things on my news feed automatically rather than old things. Wish I could uninstall the update.
Doesn't work...... please fix update
Kumar

Good app
Always loading and cannot view messages without downloading messenger!  Worse, i cannot sign out messenger!
Downloading messenger just to c msgs....worst.... shame on facebooks managing company...
Get rid of messenger
Why cant i view messages do i have to download messenger that sucks
Cool
Verry2 good. ....
Its realy doing very well....
I loo
Excelent
The Facebook app is easy to navigate and works pretty smoothly on my phone.  However, I'm quite frustrated by how it practically forced me into getting the messenger app. The messenger app is irritating in that I can't seem to find a way to disable its notifications,  and so my desire for an unobtrusive Facebook app on my phone failed
Love
I will not download messanger just for somethin this app already had
Plz show the msg in fb apps.. And don't forced to download mssnger.. I want a single app for fb... Otherwise I delete both apps & used fb in browsers....
Too intrusive.
Ever since I updated that ap it doesn't work anymore and keep crashing my phone !!! DO SOMETHING
Its so slow now if u update. Ur Facebook app u gonna like the older version
Loved it
Hate the messenger. Liked the way it was before.
I was just about to update this app, then I read the recent reviews on how you(Facebook) decided to force everyone to use your extra intrusive messaging app. Think again FB. I refuse to update. Going to make a back up just in case too. If for what ever reason I can no longer use this version then it will simply get deleted. Giving this 1 star for the update that I won't be downloading.
Raunta
Nice app
Best
Pedro m oyane
Ok
Amazing
Never responds anymore its slow as crap and I'm probably going to uninstall it
This blows, almost the same thing as the mobile web version. Super slow and the notifications work half the time.
Facebook
No picture comments
Thanks
Hi friends
We can always stay connected with our family and friends
Uninstalling as don't see why I should have to use an annoying messenger app in addition to the Facebook app! What was wrong with messaging via Facebook app??? also too many pointless changes.
Very slow
Please show messages in fb app no need for messanger its so bad
Is really cool yo!
Good
This is a good app but it hang up every time i open it plz help me
I'm not downloading another app to message people, that's a waste of space on my phone and a waste of a app.
every update has the same description.. even after updation there is no change in the app...  then why to update it... irritated bcoz of frequent updation
Forces messenger
Ooo
always hung.and cant open msg
Prasanna
cannot view photos & videos after updating it. WTF!
Best app
Bring back messages to the app
I love it...
Nice app I like it .....
I hate this new app. Why does the default feed have to be top stories? Much prefer being able to select my own default feed as recent posts. And whats the deal with having a separate app for messages? That sucks!!!
Number  525 9048 call
i love it ...but its publicity a lot..
Thanks
One * For Remove The Message Feature From The Main Apps.......
Why
Koji
My phone's cpu cannot take two apps,fix it or i delete my account
Bring back Message inside facebook!!!!
Everything is awlsome
It's really great
It is not good that it is forcing me to download messenger for chating
Awesome improvement over last review
I jus hate this app.... i can't see my msgs vit this app... it's asking me to download messenger which I don't wan too... fix this problem or else am un installing this app
Forced to download 2nd app for mail
What to tell about this app
Hate the new updates.if you guys dont change this whole stupid thing about messages back to how it was lot of ppl are going to leave fbook .
Facebook now say it has the rights to...   - Change the state of network connectivity, and send text messages and place calls without telling you, and access your phone & text messages!  - Record audio, and take pictures and videos, at any time, without you knowing it!  - Read your phones call log, including info about incoming and outgoing calls  - Read your emails  - Read your personal data (pictures, videos, what apps you have installed and how often & w
:-)
Its so easy to share nd connect with frnds. Bt smetyms it can be hacked by some1
Terbaik
Awesome
Super have fun
Why?
Hai
nice apsss
I hate this freaking app. Why wouldn't showing the most recent posts be an automatic thing, other than having to go select it every time. Why can't you just make an app that works? I also don't understand why it needs to read my texts or phone calls or any of that stuff. Seriously crap app.
Lacks detailed editing options such as photo privacy options, edit photo date, etc. etc.
Working great
Bring back messages in this app
Facebook takes a long time just to download.
Get back like b4. & I'll give u 5 star
When will you learn, Facebook? Your clumsy move just pushed me to Google Plus.
Since youre forcing us to download your messenger - 0/5 for your app. Shame on you! It should allow more control over what I want to see and what I don't . Many other sns do. -1  Customer service is a joke -1.
Everytime i open my facebook it goes back to my homepage.please do something and ill give u five star...
I love facebook
Why would you force us to download a separate app when this one worked fine. Free texting app here I come. Deleting this garbage
App freezes on Samsung Galaxy Note 3 on random times, turns unresponsive and uses several minutes to respond... Also, messenger is needed to send PM's, and facebook can now record stuff through the microphone whenever they want? Wtf?...
Awesome!
dil se....
Rating! Before I uninstall.
Likeddd
Ek dm bakwas when i check my msg it always show that download messenger i dont want to download messenger plz solve this problem .
Top.... loved it
Cannot play video... "Sorry but an unknown error occurred while trying to play this video." This happens with every video!
Nice to use
Since the new update, facebook refuses to load for me anymore, and the app along with Messsenger eats away tons of CPU, causing my device to run slow. Please fix these problems so I can get back to enjoying my social network. Thank you.
I preffer the older version of Facebook
Facebook
Can't be downloaded
Lacks a lot of features. I'd rather use FB via web browser.
Fantastic
Pankaj Singh
The app is so slow..
good
I'm deleting my FB app, don't understand why you need access to every single thing on my cellphone?! And now I have to download yet another app which needs access to my phone?! No thanks! Goodbye FB!!!
i like is page and beautiful and very nice
Don't force me to install additional apps to use your apps... I'm uninstalling right away.
Fckng new version
Hate it now
ok
Forced to install app
Awesome
It was a very nice application..
Forcing messenger?
GOOD STUFF
This is one of the MAJOR reasons why I hated Facebook for Android. You can't even fix this simple thing. I don't get why you focuse more on Facebook for Apple updates.
Its really an awesome apps.
-_-
Not opened messages I am waiting for your reply
I like this app..
I went from 4 stars to 1, no stars if it was an option. I  refuse to download the messenger app and think it is bs. Facebook forced this on us and is always changing things around just leave it alone. I really hope they read all the comments ppl are leaving and bring back the old messenger.
Krishna Murthy
They get rid of messaging on the app just so there Facebook messenger app will get more down loads pretty crappy you ask me
Niceee
I can't even re dowload it. Andi have delted so much om my phone
harish modha
554433
Facebook is so fun that I can't stop looking at this app
Two apps? In MY phone there will be only ONE application for chat, and this is never gonna be FB...ffs...
This app is pretty awesome
I shouldn't have to download an app to see my messages..SMH. Get it together FB..I see I'm going to have to delete this thing all together soon.
I hate it
When I updated, I can no longer play videos. It keeps coming up as error.
Best ever in dwnld
Very disappointed f.b forcing us to download fb messager
All about me
I got messenger to find my image search doesn't work anymore. Tisk tisk Facebook.
I hate how you cant see your messages anymore unless you download messenger which take to much space...
Its amazing facebook is I gt all ma mate and evey thing its a great experience
Sucks big time
It's awesome but, it keeps on stopping, plz fix this
Videos won't play anymore. I discovered a week ago that if i uninstall then re-install the app that videos would play again until i charged my phone or shut it off but even that doesn't help anymore since the last update. Please fix!!!!!! I've tried everything i can think of but they still won't play. Why is this a problem now when it never was before. I'm sick of fighting with this app!!! Apparently  they think they are too big to fail so they don't care anymore that it doesn't work. No video, bye bye fb!!
<3
My face book is kool
Messenger!
Forcing messages to go through Facebook messenger has resulted in not being able to read my messages! Messenger displays an orange banner saying it's unable to connect yet I can see there's a new message waiting for me in the inbox screen prior to opening messenger. I'm now unable to read or send any messages even through messenger as it won't connect! Horrible!
The app keeps crashing and to top it all off I have to download a separate app to send and receive messages .I..
When I try to download it says code 24
Very nice app
Why do you need access to my microphone and lens on my phone? Why do you need access to my private photos, my texts, call logs? Why? I set a password on my phone for a reason.
And how on Earth did this make top picks and editor's choice?? Tons of complaints. Do something about it...GEEZ!!!
Way too much phone power hogged by this app.
It works pretty well, but sometimes has it's glitches like freezing up.
Because it makes it easier for them to see your messages
Too much Hacking exsist. Facebook Make too many unnecessary Facebook changes. Publicize private business when you say NO. FACEBOOK,  we are not idiots. ..Stop using the gap on the keyboard to read personal information. .....Everybody start using your browser. ...Facebook is now trying to make you download messenger....Don't do it!
Never fuckn works
Awesomeee!
Now you need to d/l FB messenger to IM people......No way I'm d/l that crap when it records and videos you without you knowing it. Not sure how it still has this many stars.....  Get it together and quit changing things!
Hate that I have to download the messenger to message people.

Cuantik
Nada notifications from Facebook or messenger no matter how hard I try and I'm getting annoyed as hell! Everything else is fine what's wrong with Facebook ? I highly doubt its my 4 day old mobile so pls sort this out guys!
It's great to have a social website :)
Not getting the new messenger, u are just like our president, trying to learn who we call an all about our private lives that are none of ur business!
Bla
Terrible app. Does not update. So frustrating. Freezes on every single update or request. WTF are u guys doing with this.
Yourlast update is reaally having an effect it lags its slow it sucks please fix. As well the messenger yeah we can do without that as well it reall puts a lag on it fr8m what I have noticed it just lags lags lags. PLEASE FIX FOR 
THIS SUCKS WHEN U HAVE TO DOWNLOAD MESSENGER JUST TO CONNECT WITH FRIENDS. WHY CANT THE DEVELOPERS LEAVE IT THE WAY IT USED TO BE? ...BRING BACK MESSENGER TO FB. !!!!!!
I will not let you take over MY phone and data. Keep your filthy paws off. The only reason I even BOTHERED to give a rating is because I can't leave a comment unless I do. Funny how you haven't replied to a SINGLE complaint on this page. Uninstalled and disabled forever, I don't even care if you re-enable messages. Filthy data-vultures. Don't get me wrong, I'm not cussing the programmers who made this update, this goes to the executives who gave the order for it.
I refuse to download a devoted messaging app from Facebook. Bring messaging back to this app. Otherwise I'll just use fb less, which is probably a good thing.
Are you guys kidding me? I can't chat from this app but I'm using facebook app. WHAT IS THE SHITTY POINT BEHIND THIS?GET IT BACK OR Mark WE'LL THROW A BOOK ON YOUR FACE!
Hood
Nice app but i wish if it can be downloaded on a sd card
Great app
Cant play video on facebook. Kindly fix it as soon as possible.
I dont want to download Facebook  messenger to see my messages.
Why all the glitches? I freeze all the time. Cannot send messages sometimes. Turning into a garbage app for s4
Get messages back into 1 app 2 apps that do the same thing just drain my CPU. This app is bad now.
Messages should be part of the app.  Facebook doesn't need to read (or restrict my access to my messages) and every single aspect of my life.  Spies.
I have been uncomfortable with the permissions given to Facebook for a while. Recording audio and video at any time, seeing my location at any time, being able to look through my texts, pictures, and videos. Now FB is FORCING people to download messenger that can listen in on your phone calls and share your phone number to strangers... etc. I'm not interested in having my info looked over and sold anymore. F*CK YOU FB... AND F*CK YOUR NEW MESSENGER APP! I'm uninstalling FB. I'll just use the browser version
i do not like using messager i would just rather have the in app messager i dont like having the bubbles pop up when im trying to use my phone so im giving FACEBOOK a 1 star untill they make it to where i DONT have to have the messager app and im giving the messager app a 1 star as well
Good App
I like this Facebook,
moved the messaging over to a completely different app?! It's driving me nuts. Not only can I not turn off the notifications for the Facebook app when I get messages anymore but I can't even send a message to tell them that I'm going to sleep and you need to stop, it's waking me up every night with that stupid notification thing I need to check the message that somebody just sent me and I can't even do it because my phone doesn't have enough room for a second Facebook messaging app this is stupid!
It keep saying error when I download and it takes too much space than what is you say it takes and we hv to download messenger to message.like seriously??You better make it cool because people are moving to new apps and other old but cool apps.
I like it nice
I will stop using the Facebook app, because soon, there will be separate apps for your News Feed, Groups, and other features. Just like what they did with Pages and now, Messages too. I wish it was easy to just delete my Facebook account.
Love this apps
Beyond the data fb used niw i have download the messenger to use up more data. This aint going last long I'm uninstalling both and going to instagram and twitter.
Hi
Microsoft did a much better job making and maintaining their facebook app. After installing messenger as this app kept prompting me every time i opened my messages, my facebook app now hangs on updating new feeds, and forcing an update does absolutely nothing. I find i now have to reboot my phone once a day in order to get facebook to work correctly. Unsure if it is due to the messenger app or a recent update. Please fix, or allow another company to make a better version of your app
I will not install messenger. Very close to deleting fb as well. Enough privacy giveaways.
Amazing
I dunno y lol :)
Shahzaib
SPAMBOOK,Nothing but ads!
I download it and it en finish yet
Bullshit that we have to download an app to read messages!!!!!!!! Should change that soon!!!
Ever since I updated I can not watch videos. It says an unknown error has occured. I've uninstalled and reinstalled. Please fix! UPDATE: Wow been almost a month and STILL can't watch videos! C-mon ppl WTH!? Please fix!
Fix this plssssd
very nice
I am NOT going yo add more apps to please those hungry for ratings. I will do as the lady below said. Rid of FB. Your taking this to far. Back to laptop I go and no FB on phone. Since no internet access for laptop guess means good bye FB.
After I updated my Facebook, everything just changed abnormal. Things are no longer in order, uploading is a problematic, everything is just wrong! Please fixe it.
I loved having the app, but now being forced to download another app to message doesn't work for me. I barley have enough room on my phone now. I guess I'm going back to using a computer only.
Put messages back or you will be losing plenty of people. Not only is the privacy of the messaging app screwed up but you want us to use both. No thanks.
No Messages be reared
good app
Why on earth do I need two apps to fully run Facebook now?
Really bad development decision. You force people to install messenger and that's not right. And let's not forget what permissions you want from us... This is total bulls*** !!! 
But Its still slow... uploading speed is better now
No messaging now. What's the point?
ok god job
Good like markk
It's lovely
Facebook
Make Facebook lighter please it is very heavy and that does make it go slow.
Zero stars! App will not open at all. Useless.
Fvck you people, Facebook developers.
Why can't you view you videos in your album's, but on iPhone Facebook app you can? Sort it out.
n mmm FR for t referred trllr err fgets tr tr ll tr ttlrlttllll hm tt forty rmkk tt rrktl get rl tree they r greeted cuff f for femmrmm tt trll tr mrlrrrkrkl target rkrfrnxxb
You have to download the messenger to see your messages! That sucks for reals! Ain't nobody got time for that!
Go back to the previous version where you can select a decent movie player from your own app list, your native movie player is crap, can't get through a 30 second video without crashing.
Since I updated, which I held off on from all the bad things I'd heard, nothing will load anymore. I can't see my newsfeed, my timeline or anything at all. It basically just acts like it's never connected to the internet which makes it a completely useless app.
Face book message sucks. Put back the way it was!!!
I like most of the updates.
I am NOT downloading messenger! !!! This should be optional! !! Not mandatory!  Ya'll are heading down the wrong road and it needs to be fixed!!
Nomisadi
The government runs it
Good tymes and fun
Fix messages
Slow, bloated and useless
Satish bansal
Meh...
Thanks Facebook really good
This app is horrible is app does nothing but not respond and force close and Facebook to force its users to download messenger to receive messages what a joke makes me want to delete my Facebook account
Text freinds
Seriously! Gave it 5 stars before, now, I HATEEE ITTT! 
Kea wa Kea
Buy buen app para comprtir y rumbiar con los amigos y familiares
Tammy sligh
Video playback errors. Can only watch about 20 secs and get error. Constantly losses internet connect on WiFi and mobile. Updates get worse and worse by taking more system resources and permissions!
Fix the messages on facebook don't want a separate app!
It's a pretty dope app
good
Nice
Can't log in. I open app it loads I start the sign in hit enter then app crashes
This is not working right...why did I all of a sudden get 2 and now have none.....
Best apk
Doesn't let me go in
This will probably make it easier for facebook to integrate the acquired whatsapp users - who don't care for facebook social network functionality - into the facebook messanging network. A side effect for  facebook will be making people remove other messanging apps once they realize how uneconomical it is to use several of these at the same time and how hooked they are on facebook chat. This is no user driven decision, but profit driven and I hope you people go with me and stop using facebook all together.
Cool
Its not working proparly very slow speed
SUPER
Loading messages is usually slow and bogs down my Galaxy nexus.
It's a very good app !
The update is so much better
fix it please im mad as hell
Love it
Excellent
It is awesome
You have to download the messenger seperate? I don't think it's worth downloading the FB app because it always refreshes when I'm reading.  Now fb messages is going to eat up more of my phones memory?
Bye, facebook
Keeps crashing out when I try to go to my private group page.
Weirded out by the privacy invasion abuse the app had access to. So I deleted it and use my mobile browser for Facebook instead.
Ali khan
It sucks should be better, fix it
I just delete the app and download it again.and I has able to message my friends again idk.how long this is going to last but so far so good
Eats my battery faster much rather view it in my browser cause i can read my messages there and all, good bye facebook app!
Don't want a second messenger app and want my news feed sorted how I want. I hate FB. Everyone else is consolidating and you are expanding. CRAP.
Nce app
Never had to before,  why change it?
Kicks you off in middle of chat
Gee let someone have unrestricted access to my life? No thanks. Way to go fb... totally dissapointed
Supreme wealth alliance by Dulce5
sara
It needs be mgs
Have had to uninstall then reinstall at least twice a wk because file gets too big and certainly do not want you choosing who is followed,when. Your users don't seem to matter anymore.
That a great app I get to make new friend pretty cool
Bring back the messages.
Very poor updating , would be better if it went faster , this is the era of computer technology this things should be working faster
Deleted for forcing the separate messenger app. Get over yourself Facebook, you're only hastening your demise.
Good1
Very nice feeling to use it. All my friends can use it properly.
Video call
I don't like it when I'm scrolling my news feed and then suddenly I'm all the way back to the top! If I wanted to see what was new then I'd go there myself. It's annoying. And bring back most recent, I don't care what's popular. Also, the app looks dated.
Bjk
As i was login in i was in the middle of posting something? tf i havent been on in over a week 30+ post i didnt write were posted bullshhiitt #facebook,  now i see your rating from 4.6 to 4.0 in less than a week so i see you guys now gave us the choice weather to install msgr back to having everything in one app
good performence
The news feed won't refresh!! The newsfeed is from yesterday. When I try to refresh, it keeps saying, "Error Downloading Newsfeed". Fix it and I'll give it a 5*****
The update is horrible
Dont really like the new update :(
Messages as a separate app is ridiculous! It worked perfectly well before, now I have to use up more space on my phone just to use messages. Discovered I couldn't download the app on the go without topping up my credit because Facebook now loads all the videos in my news feed and chews through my data
I like because I can speak with my friends and put photos of me there
cant refresh the page  and messages ..  its bad
Ngepat amn
The App is too big 4 my Pocket Young..
Facebook app becomes force closed in between automatically. .. even I had restored my phone.
I just deleted both Facebook app and the messenger app. Those Permissions Are Ridiculous.read My texts? Record audio video and take pics? I think not. Change permissions and I might reconsider downloading it again. Although to be honest I might just delete my Facebook all together.just not worth the invasion of privacy
Is okay ive always preferred the old facebook layout. And downloading 2 apps just to recieve messages?- seriously need messages back on the fb app
Hate it...just because I have to use another app to use messaging. Dissapointed!!!
What a joke. Put messages back!
mesenger sucks....
Facebook
I understand you think others need to view messages faster but some of us could care less. You should have left the messenger app and the messages for regular Facebook. Please put it back..
Another stupid fb app that spills all my private data.
I love the messenger being separate from the Facebook app. A lot of people choose to contact one another through Facebook messages. I don't care to open the Facebook application and load things I don't want to look at just to get to a message I want to respond to. The messenger makes it very convenient to contact people.
Whenever I get on fb it won't work and auto shuts down. If Facebook would fix this problem it would get a higher rating but im very close to deleting this app
tall
J
The only being able to use messages from the messaging app is irritating and time consuming. Make it able to access from both.
You can go through your news feed with out it skipping or freezing and taking you all the way yo the beginning. Has posted comments on other peoples posts instead of the one intended for it to go on... I feel like this is becoming more like MySpace used to be-- full of issues and continuous unnecessary changes that make it unenjoyable.
it creats trouble while uploading n repositioning  of any cover for our acc :'(
Kept freezing up can't watch videos throws me out completely ..very aggravating
Boudy
This is a nice app though I would like to see an SD card option built into this app. The only reason I would like to see this feature is so that my Torque's storage alarm goes off less often. I can only that your California developers can provide this option for those of us who have limited storage.
Love it
I download this on the Nexus 7, barely use it. Try'd it my Nexus 5 & uninstall the next day. Its a battery hog & you need Facebook Messenger app just to chat
Good Apps
Facebook messenger is just baqwas I cant use two apps at a time plz plz get back messages on facebook no one like that other wise no one is gona use facebook
Annoying that the apps being separated.
Like it...
i have already told above
K
ahmad khalid
Yah
Goss has
Its bullcrap that you have to download the messanger app to get messages! I dont have enough space on my phone for it! If they dont bring it back soon Im gonna stop using facebook n I know a ton other people that will too!
With every new update there becomes one more thing I can't do. Can view messages now with out messenger. Can't share a album. Can share a photo from a album to a page. Just freaking sucks
Nt bd bt there is a problem I cnt see who is on online plz fixed the problem
Takes up too much space on my phone now. Done with this app. DELETED!
Have to download an app just to use messages horrible idea
Motorola Yangtze. FB app sucks now. No messages without messenger? My phone has no more room for more apps. Now it shuts down before it gets moving. Sad.
Refuse to crowd my phone with another app cause Facebook says so. Fix this, Zuckerberg.
Now we have to use two apps for something that is Facebook? I'm upset and uninstalling...
Its very slow
I like facebook ... buh ya just missed a score right there when yall made it a force matter ta download massenger thats just crazy ... facebook z one app .. so y cnt e masseges be on e same app ... considering ma phone memory , i juss aint gon download tht thingy wch means i wont be able to text ma mates back so wats e point of me hvn facebook ... #unistalled adios
Excilent
Galaxy Note III
Brothers Weeding
Update stops me from viewing videos, says unknown error while playing video.
Its a good app, I use it with my nook color Barnes & noble...... Works good
Not like befor update cant minuted a comment to pepole
Download
Messages on a different app that is so stupid and it barely works
Vinod singh Bisht
Emanali
The pictures are not loading. . Facebook without pictures is no fun ..
Love facebook
nice
Please stop forcing messenger.
There new improvements are a complete invasion of privacy goodbye forever facebook
Videos don't work.
What will you do with my wifi settings?
Uninstalled
Is awesome
Wow so upset.
Now we can't see our messages on the Facebook app..we gotta have 2 different apps..not good..fix asap
All day everyday(:
Social media
I am so bar
What is this popular posts crap
Stories are never up to date. Also, why do we need messenger to message others? so you can record all our convos? Disgraceful
You have to download the messenger app in order to see your fb messages?!? That's crazy, I'm UNINSTALLING Facebook until they fix this!
After the update it sucks
Alright :L
Superb very good in 3g bt nt 2g
Why do you need to read my text messages regardless of confidentiality? You don't. Change the permissions. I also don't want to download messenger. Messenger sucks and so does the stupid Facebook app. ALSO now I can't tag my boyfriend in statuses because I type "Robert" and 3 of my other friends named "Robert" show up but I can't scroll to find him! Way to f*ck that up too!!
ZeldaTucker
Looks good
Wth 2 apps now just to b on face n another to see my messages
Nice
The most nice social media network
Downloading why does it stop in the process of downloading then start over from the beginning? Frustrating!!!!
facebook. i feel like i am chasing my own tail.fazcebook just hate it too.
Nice
Nimmi pahwa
Good
Iclovecittttt
Ted
Something wrong when I try downloading Facebook not working won't download Facebook SUCKS  now start to hate Facebook and the lame video games on there never works on Samsung galaxy phones ever now everything messed up please fixed it  it's been a white whole week not going on Facebook
Hood new
I tried to update it and it won't let me. It's p****** me off!
Wem
I cant play any video's,i cant see anybodys profile picture and etc.. Fix this problem soon -_-
Too generalized when it comes to permissions. These need to be narrowed down for use only within the app.
Besides tge fact you now need nearly 200mb on my phone to operate I press back and it shuts down. ... now the news feeds are all over tge place again, we want the most recent post not reply. ..... retards. ....
Loved it
Bring Back The Inbox
Suddenly need a 2nd app for messages. Very annoying and unneccesary
Splitting Messenger from FB is silly to a person like me that doesn't even like using messenger. So I've decided to just uninstall both and use the browser based version which still has Messenger
No option to reply to comments. No quick change to recent stories anymore. No sharing into a message possible, further don't get link of a post.  Links to facebook content dont open within the app (like twitter app!). If you load more comments you have to scroll up! No Multitasking support. Very much areas aren't native implemented (webcontent). Invisible select all/cut/copy/paste Dialog. Also buggy when change description of photos.
Facebook messenger
Easy to download
It's faster but when u update you have to download the messenger app which allows FB to (in a short version) have access to EVERYTHING on your PHONE!! Txts,numbers,videos,&pics!! BEWARE!! And also phone conversations!! BEWARE!!
seriously Facebook?  what kind of terms are you trying to pull with Facebook messenger?  I'm not letting you creep on everything just to message my friends on your app.  it's not even a good app.  PUT BACK MESSENGER ON YOUR FACEBOOK APP.  THERE'S NO NEED TWO DIFFERENT APPS. SO DUMB.
It's nice
Love it
New generation if u r on Facebook it means u r on life if not ur missing it
Its Facebook nuff said
Why do I have to download another app to use the messenger? Are you going to refund the extra data that's gonna take
Immediately crashed after login. Used a total of 60mb of memory on device.. wow.. and this app is bad as it is, we all know. Does the "Developer" ever respond to the comments provided by the users? All I see are complaints and frustrated people who expect the best from this app but receive no responce regarding their comments. So what's really going on?  Used on: Kyocera Hydro 4.0.4
Why would you move the messages out ? Makes no sense having two different apps for the same thing . Fix this now !
Are you CRAZY!?
Messages need to be one app
I co trol my phone...I would be happy to select "features" of FaceBook that could make my experience more enjoyabke...but no 'all-or-nothing' permission grants. Facebook, you do not need all my personal info...I volunteer tons already. ALL MY DATA ARE BELONG TO ME!!
Good for everybody
Where did messaging go? I'm not going to download a separate app to send a Facebook message. Switching to Twitter
I liked it..
Who ever decided to separate messages from the Facebook app needs to get fired.
Please get the bug sorted for posting videos!!xx
MUCH BETTER!!!!
Awesome application
Poooooooooooooo
Hate messenger app. Dont force people to download this app.
thnx ab accha chlta h 2g me bhi but ek kmi h is pr cmnt thoda late ata h msg bhi do teen baar seach krne pr dikhta h 3 mnt ago bss yahi prblm h baki sab okk
Status pictures won't load. This is very irritating.  Please fix this!
This one is crappy.

Way to slow!
I love it
Why can't I open my messages without having to download another app? That sucks. If it doesn't change I won't be using it at all. I will not download a message app.
Pushppa joseph
Getting rid of messages is absolutely ridiculous.
Two apps that I thought would never improve on android, YouTube and Facebook; and boy was I wrong. You guys ruined it even more, maybe that'll at least make me think you can improve it. Right? You guys are even worse than YouTube. The RAM is sky high, the fact that it opens when it wants. The fact that it never let's me view what I want.
Ela
No privacy any longer and the people behind this app get paid millions now that they have created yet another Avenue to tap into our life.  I am removing this app and if needed, I'll get a new phone so I am no longer apart of their horrific approach to spy on everyone.
perfect
Very space consuming. And this whole having to download another, extremely invasive and resource hungry app just to read messages is ridiculous. Companies try to integrate functions into a single app to improve user experience. Facebook is taking its policy of ignoring its user's needs and complaints to a whole new level.
app sucks now, can't read your messages unless you install another app which reads your data on your device
Nice
Not the same no more
It's the NSA taking over messenger people!! Do not download it!....even if you're not that interesting, it's still not nice that they go through our privacy!!!!
Just don't
"You know what's better than killing two birds with one stone? Breaking that stone in half and killing one bird with a smaller, incomplete stone!" - Facebook HQ
awesome
Cool
Pls help .. suddenly my facebook app stopped working and can't load news feed.. i tried to log out but no response from the app to log out .. then i uninstalled the app to reinstall it again ..but it stops downloading the app at the 93 percent .. i tried more and more to re download it but the same result :it stops at the 93 percent from downloading .. please help me to solve this issue .. then i give the 5 star  .. waiting the answer :/
Its to slow and hang my s3
Sup Zucky
Cannot be uninstalled and does not display messages any more. Wtf?!
Very slow app
This app hast become so ridicules i think i will go back to my space lol. Is there any other social media up there that i don't know about,fb is socks plz change this ridiculous fixture  i don't want messenger don't force anyone to get what they don't want crazy i see if you guys change this or else i will deleted my acc
I always see post from like 2 days ago up to january and I see post that I have already scrolled thrugh and also I want to see the most recent posts

Ever since the last update my news feed won't hardly update and my notifications won't update at all. This is getting ridiculous this how I stay in contact with friends and family that are miles and hours and even days away and I can't even do that anymore think if finding something different like Google+ or even going back to MySpace
On the way....
Gud ...still needs some more.....I guess
When I go to watch videos through Facebook it says "sorry an unknown error occurred" please fix this.
It needs lot of imprvmnt
Idk What's Up With Facebook Now.But It Tries To Make Me Use Facebook Messenger. By all means do not install this app. It can see who your calling. Your Messages. Your WiFi Information. Your Location.. E.t.c.  and this may.not be the only app that does all this.  this is why we should be very.cautions on what we're downloading.
Great application
Welcome to Facebook
The time is totaly wrong. It instead of one minute ago it shows 58 minute ago.. Plz fix it
I like it
Okkkkk
My fb isn't working probably this update suckzzz -.-
Ali786
I use to love Facebook. .now they have Facebook messager that u have to use to talk to friends... wtf and also Facebook messager can access microphones and be taking pics of u with out u r permission... if u r showering.. or anything.. that is against privacy laws.. I have emailed the government. . U do the same!! To end this
Nice
I am an happy user of "Fast" now. Only 7mb versus this utter crap of 150mb that doesn't even allow to message friends. Everything in Fast is better and more organized and the app is not a battery hog as Facebook. Mark you are an @sshole. Uninstalled and my phone is so FAST now!
All messages are through another app that wants to know and see everything about you. I don't think so. This is wrong. Fb needs to bring messages back to the original app. I will be deleting everything that has to do with fb unless they switch back. Why does fb need to know so much information for us to be able to send a message to someone. Nice try fb aka federal government. I guess MySpace will be making a comeback.  Time to make a switch. GOOD BYE FACEBOOK
I agree with the person below. FB already MURDERS my data. Now i have to murder my battery too? Now i cant see my messages without your stupid app? My PHONE already makes calls and sends texts, i dont need facebook for that thank you. Its just another way for Facebook to moniter me and im not going to stand for it. Fix this NOW
:)
They're separating FB and Messenger and now it is no longer private.  From tracking your digital footprint on other sites for ADVERTISEMENTS to the all around cancer on my feed. Uninstalling and switching to Tinfoil.
It freezes phones
Want let me install on my phone error 500 keeps coming up
What about the messages? Seriously I need to download facebook messenger? So stupid...
Can't you just give us back the site we all used to love. I hate this new mess and messanger.
Dose not work, should have never updated
Great
Good
But takes up too much space. For some reason, this app alone takes up 112 mb. Would be 5 stars if compacted
Why do you need access to all of my information?! Stop being so nosy! If it's not information I've willingly provided, you have no right to it!!
Awesome :3
I get no notification on my phone when I receive messages or notifications. Keep getting error and have to force close... Please stop updating.. doubt you even read these anyways ... MySpace is going to come back because of the idiots you have working on Facebook.
I have to get notifications and I have to get messenger to read my messages.  Bye Facebook
Best networking site out there
95% download failed:25 wtf
so slow the loading and all the time came out facebook not responding......please try to improve it please
Its very useful!
It's awesome
Shouldn't need a separate app to message people!!!
Cannot like a post becase when I come back to it I have to like it again!
It wont let me see my about so i cant change anything 
One star, and uninstall, for disabling messaging. I'll use browser, or a better service.
I like Facebook but I do not like this app
Forcing to install additional app for messaging. It is very annoying attitude. And it asks for all the permission from my phone. Fb does not need all those permissions.
Its good
To complicated. Keeps giving me Internet errors.. never happened before.
Please bring back messages in this app we dont want message manager
Deleting this app. Forced to download messenger.
Good
Until its not required to download a second app for something it could already do it will have 1 star
Vigan Bojaxhiu
Nice
awesome   friends
Loved this app.til this new update it won't let me know that I have messages or notifications it's very upsetting.once again this update sucks I now don't have my "about"status on my profile if it ain't one thing it's another.
One of the worst apps on the market
Bull forcing us to use the new version of Messenger
Like a unhealthy relationship, this app asks way too much for what it gives.
Stupid design
Thanks!!! Works really good as it should.
I enjoy it
Users? Who gives a ...
Should show message without messenger
Eww
No that sucks
Takes up too much space to be so crappy. Every twenty minutes it "unfortunately" stops.
Messages!!
Kindly Show the messages as I dun wana download the messenger. . :/
Yasir 786
Uses more resources than android system and slows everything down. Separate app for messages? Why? No thank you to the lot now.
Nice look
too slow
FACEBOOK HAS HACKERS THEY STEAL YOUR PRIVATE INFORMATION ETC. WEB OR APP. DO NOT GO TO IT. EVERY TIME I POST A STATUS IT DISAPPEARS. AND MY PHONE OR MINI LAPTOP ACTS STUPID LIKE SOMEONE HACKED IT!!! I KNOW I'M NOT THE ONLY ONE HERE THAT THIS IS HAPPENING TOO! Why is it that everytime i download this app there's always a virus in it? Says December 31st 1969.
Not happy it has to sync my photos  i dont want it to and then have to go tjeo settings todoit   should be like the iphone5
WHY DO I HAVE TO GET A MESSENGER APP. SMH I WANT TO BE ABLE TO GO TO FB AND "CHECK" NOT GET MESSAGES CONSTANTLY COMING TO MY PHONE. AND RANDOM PEOPLE ARE CALLING MY CEL BECAUSE OF THE FB APP. I DONT EVEN HAVE THE MESSENGER WTF ITS COMING STRAIGHT TO MY CEL STALKERS AND ALL.. NOT SAFE AT ALL FB...PLEASE FIX
3 start because messenger is separated
Love it. Such a faster way to get on then having to get on the internet and type in Facebook.  Thanks.
Always closes the app for no reason. Messenger app I was forced to download killed my battery and froze 98% of the time. So that was a dumb idea but I'm not using it so doesn't matter to me. But really fix the app constantly closing for no reason.
I have relatives all over the U.S. and FB has made it easy for me to find them
Why its nt downloading .. . Its always used to say something .... blah blah ... and also what happen to tge message its not opening easily its needs apps to download for message .   improved j one .... will give u 5 stars
Very outstanding app
Facebook
I don't like the fact that I have to download another app just for messaging, I don't get it? Whats the purpose? I use Facebook a lot for messaging people but now that seperate app is taking up too much of my data. Change the messaging to how it was, please and thanks.
No more messaging in Facebook app?! Lol yup.... seems to be im not messaging ppl anymore. Hmmm. I think ill reactivate my myspace account too =)
Why this  i must download the messenger I will delet my profile
Love you Facebook
I can't open the app on my Samsung phone since it was updated today. Does anyone know what the problem is?
Illumanati
By Gloria williams
Want to see content from the pages you liked? TOO BAD! Fb only will show you a fraction of those posts, served with a lot of promoted, paid content.
Becoming more and more insidious in its permission sets. It's pretty rapidly becoming the very worst aspects of the internet, chain mail spam. Good riddence.
Cool
Lol
Love
Mhm
App works well. But way too many permissions!!!
Rt
I had to factory reset my phone Due to all the updates and lost everything because of messenger  app on my page. Shame on you!
The app is good,very good,but use a lot of RAM
Why?
Your app has a problem that..it hangs my phone every time.   Please make it lighter.   Nd yeah ..please bring messages back. Please ..(f**k).
It's okay
It requires almost every permission available on the phone. It is just like having Facebook on your room always. No privacy at all.
No one getting that close my info it went to far
Very smooth
Thanks
Bagus
Very bad apps.plzz fix it na..unable to download any pic
It,s old ..... change it please
Lot  less laggggg
Takes too much space on my phone memory!cant even move it to sd card!
Digraham09
New verson accha ha.
Very good, More Faster =)
I cannot read my messages why?
No thanks
Shame on you fb for forcing people to download messenger
Nice
messages not need another app.
Fun
Good app love it
Everyone having issues. Uninstall completely then reinstall. Fixed. Also, default most recent. Top News is garbage, never do I use that.
simple but beauty
Good
This app made me fadeup with updates. If the devs make a scratch on it, they upload it as update. Othewise good application.
Khan
Good
Hurrrrrrrrrrrrrr 100
Love the app just wish they would leave it along and stop changing it so much ....
I like this app
Seems crazy that Facebook is forcing users to install an extra app, when messenger worked fine in the Facebook app. Now I'm uninstalling , and will only be spending a fraction of the time on Facebook. They have received plenty of feedback on this subject, but they still choose to make this move against consumer wishes.
What happened FB? Why you forcing us to dl apps? Why you taking/using up so much of our phones? Why??? Now you just suck...
Why do I need a bullshit app that dose the same thing as FB? I'm not downloading messenger, put messaging back on FB OR I'M DONE WITH BOTH!
Can't download Facebook app because there always a error code
I can't see my videos fix it fast!
The new message update sucks. I don' t need two applications to talk to people. I need ONE!
Bad at first but it's getting better with every update. Thank you for the consideration to improve things with your updates Facebook. Also it says you get notified of likes but I get no like notifications??!
This has pushed me to the point of uninstalling this app. Hopefully if enough people do the same Facebook will change the way they run their app.
A great mother and auntie
why don't you guys add stickers in photo comments?
Great
Loved it..awesome app
I would give this app a better rating if i could only watch old videos from my  profiles albums
WtH Is this we cNt logout frm messenger
One
Gonna un-install the FACEBOOK APP... what the hell man why should we download other app to see fb msgs no ways... This IDEA SUCK guys... got to say u r just ruining the app   completely I think u have no idea we r quiting this... no more we will use fb directly from chrome...
Nice
Messenger sucks
Bad apps not fast
Really like it but the thing is that I love to chat with my friends! But I had to install messenger and it takes up my space but Facebook great app!
PlS bring msg also
Super.....
This is very important software he is not responsible for delivering i think about he is software good
This is bs I'm not downloading another app you guys put so much crap that i don't use on my phone i don't have space plus i don't want that app on my phone
Its good
What the hell? Ads were anoying already, but now you've removed the messaging altogether!
Forcing us to use 2 apps to drain battery? Never had a better reason to shift to the mobile webpage -  Thanks!
So many useless permissions block them all and app still works fine hmmm.... And u can still get msgs in app
I freaking love Facebook.
Why are we being FORCED to install another app just to read messages please fix back
Forced to use messenger as well, lots of privacy issues, lots of issues, will delete my facebook account if this isnt changed very soon
Since the update I have to sign in every time. And for some games now it says not compatible with my device. My device didn't change. Only Facebook did.
Makes flying fun, I just consume phone while is loading and poof, I grow wings then fly. However there are some problems with the beta version where the navigation doesn't support air travel but its still a great app :D
Face book is good for messages
They need to include this back into the app. I will not download it.
Good
Facebook
Not good
Lovet
:-) :-) Facebook is cool !!
Facebook has pretty much hit the nail on the head with an easy-to-use and intuitive mobile app. Its so easy, I almost feel like I'm using Facebook on my desktop computer. The only problem is how the "Most Recent" feed is hidden so deep in the context menus. Once this is fixed, this will become a 5-star review.
Goodie
I'm not going to download two apps fit Facebook when one did the job perfectly. Now this app doesn't message there is no need to use it. Also I will not be downloading your messenger app, seems like a bold move forcing people to use and download more apps, let's see if it pays off for them Cotton.
I'm quite close to uninstalling this, because of the issues concerning an obligatory second app just for messaging, plus the permissions required. Not cool, Facebook!
If you dont want us to access the messages on this app , then you should disable the messages tab that says "get app" . This way people who don't want to install a different app to see messages can use this app peacefully and stay out of your god knows what agenda. .. ty                        P.S. - I think none of you should install messenger . Dont be a slave to these people ...
Waste app of the world because, they simply added separate app to view messages, make it all in one app. Or just quit.
u
Very poor
Huge memory footprint. Can't move to extSD after v3.9. Very slow app because of big memory/storage consume.
Its awsome
I cant ever get off this im active all tha time!!!!!
Not being able to message sucks
Just its usable 2 show some pics and the videos are also unable 2 process properly. Worse speeeeeed too. Very poor response. Hate it.  :-(
whatsapp  aplictoin
Messenger must need for see messages so 2 apps running so I was very irritating
I Love Face Book,But The Videos Are Slow...So That Needs To Be Fixed
For one whos complaining for the messenger shut up and download it it wouldn't kill u to take 3 min wow kids these days people just soo lazy
Why does the Facebook app need access to EVERYTHING on my phone? And the new 'required' messenger app kills my battery.  Uninstalled the app' went back to using the mobile web site.
Mandating I use ur messenger service instead of givin me the choice is bad customer service on ur part
Not able to open images of liked pages when clicking on that image the comment option is opening plzz fix this bug as soon as possible.. thnk uh
Awesome app..
y does every thing say juSt now like wtf
Messenger really when you could already message perfectly and new update sucks doesn't work smoothly
Updated, then just stopped working.  Unistalled, then re installed and still unresponsive.  Emailed facebook for help, and no response.  Uninstalling until facebook responds...
Put messenger back on the Facebook app. And stop violating everyone's privacy.
its good but u can get into arguments
Once again. It happens with updates. Tells me i have no internet connection constantly and messes up the whole thing. I get notifications at top of my phone i go to open them but they are not on Facebook! You fix it with one update and screw it up with another. This latest up made it horrid.
I like it very much. !!!!  Becoz it help bus to connecting people .. !!!! :) ;)
Facebook
I love this app
I have to install an app for messages? No thanks
If few more setting could be added, like in custom setting in privecy, "share this post with someone, except someone" and if I didn't have to download the fb messanger, I would rate it 5.
This is cool
Thid is best
For Sharing statuses by filings n sharing photos..its nice..
Hate that you are forcing me to install the messages app!!
U guys hv jst removed msg frm ur app so we hv to download ur another app..thts such ruthless..u guys r pathetic. .
It's a pretty good app but could be better. Plus people stop crying about installing the messenger app it's not the end of the world.
Great!
Somtimes it mess up 4 a min but I stilll love it 
Very good apps
Hmmmm
Fb has the worst app. Loads when it wants to and never works like the old version does.  It should let me uninstall new update
Boycott Facebook
Im not forced to install but it does the same thing messenger app does CAN RECORD WITHOUT OUT KNOWLEDGE DO NOT INSTALL FB/FB MESSENGER
Chating dont works without the installation of facebook messanger...........this is the worst thing
Getting worse with every update
Why does the storage increase after a few days as well as now messages being moved to messenger . I rather use the actual website than have to use two separate apps for 1 social media website
I thinks it's wrong and very disrespectful that you trying to invade people pravite life and pictures.please take down that masseger app
Since when does Facebook have the right to hold my messages hostage unless I give complete access to my phone, contacts,  EMAILS?? purchases and basically my life...no Facebook you cannot record my phone calls, snap pictures through my phone without me knowing or contact people on my behalf. .....crossing the line.
For messages i hav to install messenger....and for other stuff i hav to install facebook.....from where you people have got dis stupid idea... ?
O app em si eh bom, mas pesa 123 MB . Isso eh mt. Lota o celular mt facil. E ele te obriga a baixar mais um app para mensagem do face. Eles acham q temos memoria infinita no celular
I am unable to read my and forced to ownload the messenger app. Plz get this fixed !!
I m not using regular msg on fb...   I just do it wid very few.. you can't force me to install it... sorry I don't like it.....
Rana
*like*
Best app
Forcing users to use new app which requires so many permissions is a bad move. I'll resolve to just using the browser version because of this.  FB is slowly going downhill.
   update...
Yes FB has improved but it is taking 3 times more memory than before so that I have to delete my other important apps whenever I want to use it! At least enable it to be moved to the SD card!!!???
This application has no advantages over the embedded messaging. At the very least it should give you a larger window to view your message response. Worse, it crashes every time I try to upload a photo so it has less functionality.  There are many great messaging apps out there.  I will stick with those.
Very good
Why its not open messages why messanger is require are you crazy . We don't want to install that please fix it soon.worst thing of fb ever .
messenger takes too much space to install. Doesn't allow me to see messengers and app always freezes when I scroll pass a video.
I would like to say that i like Facebook
Please make it smaller ,.. ate my memory a lot
Custom privacy option gone. Doesn't matter what I set it to on desktop version. Cannot edit on app to custom. I also don't understand why you're taking out messages in this app and forcing people who wish to still use them to download another app. Oh and the message app is way too invasive. It can read/record/send what it wants at any time.
See it
I was just starting to FINALLY like this app but then you tell me I have to use 2 APPS just to get my messages? Ridiculous! I might just delete fb altogether and use Twitter and Google+ instead.
Just love it
Good app
Don't force feed us messenger
The app will not open at all.
Good yeah easy and enjoy
It keeps on saying no sufficient memory when updating  after  all  the vital apps uninstalled n cleared caches
Awesome
Everything is fine...except for the fact we need to download the messenger App now. What a disaster! Running it on my Nexus 7 and it runs at snail speed! It even force closes more frequently than before having to download the Messenger app. Isnt using 2 apps for the same purpose RAM consuming? I also get errors when uploading new profile pictures.
From love book
Veryvery niceeeeee

I liked this apps ....
He fix this app use to be good but now it really peas mi off when get to a video point it freezes for 10 seconds an that hapen every video it really sucs FIXIIIIIIIIIT!!!!!!
Constant disconnects, errors loading news feed, constantly sending you back to the top of your feed.  For a company that's so rich it's hard to believe they can't fix these things.
Cool apps
Sangat baik
Messenger app is stupid and Facebook should lose money for making that an app and I hope they fall in a pit of snakes and suffer a horrible painful facebooky death.
Its Facebook and starting to do everything you can on the browser
Too much lag
Love
Telecom
I like everything about it except the absolutely ridiculous things that it has permission to do with my personal information
Please bring back the chat on this app. Using the messenger app will just increase cpu usage.
Excellent
Mr Kelly burt
Sick of your updates! FB gets worse with each one!
i love it
I realize this is a public forum, but if it is my page and my messenger then the privacy you exclude me from by requiring access to everything on my mobile phone makes it yours which makes it not worth using.
Have to install fb messenger to read messages and it doesn't show the notifications on time
The Facebook app now sucks! Recent updates now make my phone lock up and crash! Videos don't load anymore! News feeds are not in time order anymore! Now you have to have 2 (TWO) apps? Facebook what are you thinking? You had a pretty well structured app, now its garbage!!! I am getting ready to leave Facebook all together! Come on Facebook, FIX THIS!
But little bit running slow .. plzz  i need latest version
Why the flip cant we message off of Facebook anymore! I dont have enough storage for the other app ao how do I see messages from friends or family!?!?!?! I want the old messager back and I'll rate all 5 stars!
V
Happy
tmoble stinks

sam
FB
THIS APP CONSTANTLY FORCE CLOSES AND IT'S ANNOYING. SOMETIMES IT DOESN'T EVEN SAY IT'S ABOUT TO FORECE CLOSE IT JUST COMPLETELY GOES OUT OF WHAT I'M LOOKING AT WTF. IT USE TO FORCE CLOSE SOMETIMES NOW IT'S GOTTEN WAAAAY WORSE PLEASE FIX SOON.
Awesome
Handy to use but not happy that messager is gone.
Very Good
Rahim
Update: now the whole application doesn't run if I don't download the messenger! Why should I use messenger while I send a message maybe every 2 days or less? To waste my battery or memory? I've got enough messing application on my device and I really don't need more!
My friends l was tock to fast
Why force us to download your message?!
The UI keeps changing every few days wtf -_-
Force closes won't even let me login worst app ever! Please fix asap!!!!!!!!!
Photos can now be saved and birthday posts on timeless works well which was missing earlier. Way to go! Only request to allow us copy posts to other forums!
BEST APP EVER!!! LOVE IT!
Mahbool
New
I want to update but it doesn't. After completing downloading to update it stops installing.
Ok
Lets go back to previous because this one is slow chat is not working suks......	Fuuuucckkkk.... nt satisfied yet....
So lame we need a secondary app just to read and send messages!
"CANNOT PLAY VIDEO" "SORRY, but an unknown error occurred while trying to play this video "  please fix it!
Good
Now I am forced to install and use the Facebook Messenger app to chat with my facebook friends since the last update.  Why force me use another app and remove this feature from the main one ? Sticking to 1 star,  it doesn't deserve more.
Good
Ch
I enjoy face book friends
Why facebook is forcing me to download the facebook messenger haa?? I dont want to download it.If facebook will force me to download this messenger, i will uninstall facebook also
Good
Nice
I DONT NOT LIKE the fact Facebook is trying to force me to use the messenger app or i can't talk to peopl on Facebook anymore.  I DO NOT WANT TO you can't force me to do download a app that I don't want plz stop this
Not able to do messages anymore. This app installs Facebook Messenger automatically without your permission!
Pierre andre charles
No messegas on app

since a long time I am not able to see my messages and message someone.... it says messages have been moved to messenger.... it forces me to install it.... this is ridiculous
Akhtar
Soon you ll ask to install facebook page app to see any update on pages we had liked .. as same u had done with facebook messenger .. if there is an optio  for - star i must gave u - 5 star ..
Thanx mark zukerburg
Buuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuutifull .........?
The thing is that it don't let me upgrade it so it's ok
It seems like every update makes the Facebook app worse and worse. you'll never find what you were reading again, EVER!
I'm deleting Facebook until they reincorporate messaging. I refuse to download a separate app that's going to take up more memory and data to message people.
If you could just make it mmovable to sd card.. iwould be a 5star
Why i have to download the messenger to chat with my friends....?  The FB messenger has no privacy,  anyone can see my friend list..,anyone can check my inbox..r(s_t)q
Facebook is asking for way too many permissions and I will not have an app on my phone that can read everything on my phone or change the way I use it. I hear the messenger app is much worse so I'm getting rid of it before this app catches up
Enjoyable
Size should be less.
Niazm
Cant play vides on my wall,and ofcourse the chat
When I'm in this app scrolling the recent news feeds and try to like a friend's picture without actually tapping the pictures for some reason won't let me like the pictures or post i'll have tap on the pictures or post open it in order to like it...and I can't get Facebook videos to play from this app why is that and no more messenger app what is going on fail!!!!!
Bring back messages to the facebook app! Having to get a whole different app is bullshit
why the heck dont you just join the bloody messanger application and facebook aplication?
Goof
Why aren't we able to have messages on the app?? It's taking too much space in my phone . YouTube links still won't open when I try [ Phone : Android, Zte Awe ].
WE ALL WANT MOST RECENT YOU DUMB FU&KS!!!! WE ALL WANT MOST RECENT YOU DUMB FU&KS!!!! WE ALL WANT MOST RECENT YOU DUMB FU&KS!!!! WE ALL WANT MOST RECENT YOU DUMB FU&KS!!!! WE ALL WANT MOST RECENT YOU DUMB FU&KS!!!! WE ALL WANT MOST RECENT YOU DUMB FU&KS!!!! WE ALL WANT MOST RECENT YOU DUMB FU&KS!!!! WE ALL WANT MOST RECENT YOU DUMB FU&KS!!!! WE ALL WANT MOST RECENT YOU DUMB FU&KS!!!! WE ALL WANT MOST RECENT YOU DUMB FU&KS!!!! WE ALL WANT MOST RECENT YOU DUMB FU&KS!!!! WE ALL WANT MOST RECENT YOU DUMB FU&KS!
Lembab nk mampos., mcm jkkk kg je.,
!!!
It's not that bad just lags a little. But other than that my messages are just fine and everything else is great.
This gives me trouble. Please remove Messenger.
Msg karne k liye masegner load karna padta hai bina masegner k msg nhi send kr sakte. Aur itna mb ka hai bad ek dum kharab hai mujhe bs facebook chahiye bina masegner k..
Arumai.......
Loved it

Super
Not bad
The app is so huge.  It occupies lot of memory.  App+Data=70 MB
Making me download a separate app?
Only needed it to talk to some people that dont have phones.
No more messages without messenger ahh
:(
Manjunath s
i like this facebook.
Fb

Force me too install messager if I want to see messages...
Best
Face book
To enjoy time with family and friends through out the world. Beautiful clarity .
buzunesh lover A
Needing extra applications to provide basic facebook needs was not cool. I don't need extra applications on my work phone just to be able to talk to someone on facebook
HOSSAN
Its such an amazing app
Please stop your abuse of my rights.  Put messenger back. Dumb marketing people.  Losers
Nice app I meet here with my friends
' cannot pay this wideo an unknown error occurred '
m not able to play videos....kindly fix it
What is this idiot type combination of facebook and messenger ? How u can bull one to have messenger for receiving and sending messages on FB ?. Do u not know that messenger lacks privacy issue ? Hell ! I'm going to delet my FB account . you can't bull dear . remember it .
Awesome...<3 <3 .
Bad app
Excellent
The latest version removed facbook messages.
Face book is so cool
Very nice apps*
Excellent
It works great , but i wish is would send me a note telling me i have a message and i wish i could leave groups on facebook
You guys are making facebook sucks now
Good

Be up front about how you demand personal info, can access my camera or mic at will and generally turn my life into the Truman Show. No thanks.
the app is not working and asking me to check my connection despite i can log in with browser !!!
Videos stop working can't watch them anymore.
Taking tomuch time to instail.
O562885213
Faecbook
Good application
Put the the messages back in the main app
Good
Crap now
I love it so I connect to old friends like papa.....
Download
Great
Xxxxxxccxc
Finally good features for the android version of FB, love it! Works great on Droid 2 Global.

Horrible change this dis sh $/
really slow dont respond sometimes, close forces, takes time to load. when i update its gone doggy.
I don't have the messenger app & I don't want it. Why would u take away messages on the app anyway? Stop trying to force things on us. Bring back messages
Goog
Niceeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
Very good
Messages should be part of the app.  Facebook doesn't need to read every single aspect of my life.  Spies. Uninstalled.
It keeps crashing, You have to have two apps just to message someone which is bs. It's so slow and half the time doesn't let me see videos. I'm just about done with it and getting ready to delete it.
Last seen is not accurate enough nd not getting it some times.
Nice
Thanks for helping me get rid off your app
Sucks
Why does Facebook need to be able to use my camera and microphone or make calls on my phone with out me even knowing about it??!!! W. T. F!!! FACEBOOK!!???!! I am deleting your app from my phone!!!
This app has no chat,  so it sucks.
Pictures take too long to load and now you want me to download another app for messaging. Uninstalled. Ya goofed Facebook
Awsome
Meh
I am using a Galaxy Note2. With this latest version I can't load web links anymore. I click on them and it says webpage not available.
Osum
I don't under stand the point of making ppl download a hole new app to massage ppl when the one we have was able to do it just fine
060867.JC
Excellent
Do not like that I have to download messenger to get my messages. Please put it back.
As good as telling you to take the bus when you have a car
Nice app
It's total BS that I now have to install another app to read my messages.
I hate that I can't see messages in the fb app anymore.  I've tried the messenger app and I hate it and will not get the app. Put messages back in fb app!!!
This is ridiculous I have to download another app just to send messages! And the app to send messages wants even more permission to invade my privacy. They want permission to record audio at any time from my phone that means when I'm on the phone or if the phone is just in my pocket they can record and listen. That is just going too far!!! I deleted both apps I will use my internet browser on my phone to use Facebook and then I can send messages without any app and they don't have permission to do anything.
Love
Photos are not opening even in wifi connectivity. Day by day it becames too heavy and ram consuming application.
Please remove new massenger app feature we doesn't like this feature at all!!!!!!!
It cool
Gud app, am realy happy this app and using simple.i love thiz.....
Much better on the Samsung
Liked it
Ok
Facebook like it
Takes too much space, doesn't show the accurate content, DELETED!
Good job.
Since I updated my Facebook it not working it keep saying page can't load plz fix this beg because I can't use my Facebook
The Good: Facebook offers so much, does it well, has been a very useful & fun tool // The Bad: you no longer have control over each individual push notifications, the app pushes app requests everyday even when don't want them unless you completely uncheck notifications all together.. That makes it less fun and useful to me.
App sucks
No more message fro. Facebook? Why should I download another app to do the same thing the first one did before?  SMH.  Takes up way Too much space time and its not worth it. I'm deleting this crap!
This app is very good
Facebook is getting ridiculous! I use to be a daily person which I am no longer. I will delete messenger and suggest people to text me instead! Absolutely ridiculous!
Please fix this app...just horrible. It will not update status or photos. I should have never updated worst mistake ever.
Thanks to Facebook force messenger, now I have a good reason to uninstall all of their stuff entirely. Keep it up Facebook, EA will have some good competition for the most hated company in America.
Gooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooodest appp in the world
Please switch back message from messenger to this... Messenger using to much memory... Phone getting lack...  Please change back...
Used to like facebook but now you cant even view your messages yep imma bout to delete this crap.
Sexy
So now facebook want to invade more of my privacy?  Now we have to download another app for messages????  Ridiculous!  Backwards. I'm done with Facebook
O my god I scaled my aunt
It keeps asking me to download the messenger. Or else i cannot view my messages. I don't want to. Isn't it my wish.
Love it
Nothing recent. I open the app and everything is days old . Have to constantly hit Recent news. Why do we want old stuff? Fix the app so we get more recent info. Still...old. Open the app to see stuff from last week. They do fixes and the stuff that pops up is many days old. They wonder why they are losing the younger people. Another update and still everything is days old. Now, if you hit recent, does not do recent. They caught on. They want you to see stuff that is days old.
Nyccccccccccccccc
Still it's bad.. till now you can't copy a text in this app.
It won't download on my phone any more this is awful.
Wtf who the hell are you kidding, I had to factory reset my phone good thing cause you want to record me and listen in on my conversations good luck with that you freaking perverts.
Goood
what a crappy update care to explain why my about me box from under my profile picture has disappeared and I cant edit my profile or nothing?
, its great I can talk to my family and friends any time and send pictures to them its a great way to keep in touch with them :) But on the down side, you have to down load messenger and not just see the messages on facebook. Why??
Very good fast work
Uhm....
its very very nice
This new split messaging app is bullshit. No reason to change it.
I can't see my messages from the Facebook App It wants me to get messager I'm not getting that.
Super
I Like it
Why the heck you take out the messenger of the Facebook app? Now we need to install another app to get the messages that ask for all of our private information, what the hell Facebook?
Dear Facebook Devs, people around here are already complaining about the Messenger stuff. The Facebook app itself takes so much RAM (about 50-70 MB) which is very annoying. Stop forcing people to use the Messenger. I hope you will try to consider our appeal. Thank you!
I loved it. Easily open.
Not God
Can you please make it simple
Love it.
Liked it much!!!
Not working on Android App after the update. Fix this or else I will delete my profile.
I would give hire stars but I can't do a thing on Facebook but my status updates. U guys r beginning to suck. I have other Facebook apps that r way better then u. I'm talking about ur messenger.
Nice
I hated this application.
Love facebook
Shut up. Im not downloading ur messenger!

Its lyf obviously!
Good app
This app is good its remember your old friends
super
Moner
I uninstalled it and installed still doesnt work and with 4g LTE still doesnt work
Why must I have 2 app to do the thing that one app handled in the past?!
Very bad.
Very good app , Love it <3
Needs description update.. cannot chat or have group conversation with app. Need to download different app for that.
WHy do we need to download messenger? Ugh. Facebook before is much better.  Poor ideas! Fix dis. We want to unable messenger. My fone is lagging. 2 apps running at the same time.
The app crashes even before being able to open it. Awful
Slow. Waste RAM
Why shud I download messenger when I already hv facebook app installed on my mobile??? I dnt understand the need for another unless you plan to remove messages from facebook app... if thats case, I better use my mobile browser which does the job for me at one place...  thanks
Find out about the best local deals and share with friends.
Coooool
I refuse to download the stupid messenger app. I'll just use Facebook in my browser, thanks.

Hate messenger the most
Gucci
For some unknown reason it keeps signing me out and I dont know why please help
Rumbau
I like its
Like IT
Dafug
It is superb very nice app
Deleted fb and all fb apps. I looked under settings and app info and NO.. I DONT WANT YOU SENDING RANDOM SMS FROM MY PHONE OR BE ABLE TO LISTEN IN ON CONVERSATIONS! !!

BEST I AV EVER SEEN
It's very interesting.
F##k all app and same kind of update.
Cant see msg's
New update is awesome
STOP TO TAKE OUR PRIVACY!DONT FORCE US TO INSTALL THAT STUPID APP!IT'S WORST!
Jony
Borrrrriinnnggg....Facebook sucks anyway. Only people with no real life enjoy this site.
It is the best app for fb
It's realy friendly apps
There are no messages in fb app it's really disgusting to use other app to see the messages !
I gave 5stars lately but now im just going to give 2.
Thanks for updates Facebook, but can you give an option what app should I use to open gallery ? Ex. To chose quicpick instead of build gallery. I would give 5 stars for it.
I love it
Loved it..
Its good
It is too heavy
Yusuf saiyed
Fine
loads and hang..crap
What the hell is this. My msgs are not openning without messenger i hate this app. I dont need it but without installing it i cant open my msgs. -_- huh hell
I love it!
P
I Love You "A"
The last one was good but this is very lame very slow app.
Good
Cant update right
But stops some tym
Amazing aap
Ok
You ought to rename to crapola Inc...  Every update makes this app larger resource hog and the functionality added... Is either bungled up or largely useless. Either you follow some scheme to exploit our data at large or youre stupid, developers. I bet youre wondering why are you getting so many 1stars
Love
Good connection
Tum
aswome because this app is very faster

What on earth happened? Are you deliberately trying to drive people away? We shouldn't have to download another application, it's using up my storage space and it's very annoying. Please put an end to this otherwise thousands of Facebook users will no longer be Facebook users. Looks like MySpace is going to eventually take over. :(
Love it
Many nyc changes r found..... n its better than previous
facebook
How to comment photo on facebook
Its good one but always hanging all the time please make it easier to handle
Good
Such horseshit that we must download massenger to view our messages.
All people are telling truths.
Why videos upload is not playing. The app always crashes and sends me to home screen. Please fix. :(
than whatsapp
Its freezing my phone so I uninstalled my phone feel faster
Nice App
FBI is superb
Wonderful jakash
Coool.. Hell gud interface
Facebook ask for your permission to download the app but looking into it further your giving them permission to personally record all your activities done on your phone and give them your personal information such as contacts email's texts voice recordings and photos taken. Especially credit card information! !!!!!! Tell your users what your up to Facebook by describing your actions better on the permission list.
Oh look I didn't have to edit the title. Again! Are you not listening to your complaints? You seem to do nothing? I haven't had to change the title for about 8 months now with the same complaints! It's not hard really is it? What are you getting paid for? Right, why does the page refresh to the top when under most recent without me pressing the 10+ new stories tab that pops up?
its okey
Helpful to browse our friends
Love it
Loved it

Good
Very good this app..
Cool
Force close every time fix this!
Nic facebok
I have to run two apps for watching my message
Good
Error message occurs
Fabulous
Best messanger
Awesomeee
I think it's a stupid idea to remove the messaging features on the Facebook app itself. Let the fb messenger stand alone! Don't remove inbox in fb app! -.-'
very poor!!!
I love it
Hate the app. Drains battery
9ice
Like it
Facebook
There is really no reason to have a separate messages app. Even this one makes you sift through way too many adds just to find anything your friends post.
Haaaaaai
Nice App
can't upload pictures faster!. .FIX it. .thank you.
Not cool what i would do is make a facebook page some were else
very good
This is the best
Ahmet
Easy to use fb
nice but havn't seen pics. pls resolve or advice wht to do!
I love fb
give back FB messages fiture !
Don't let other people share inappropriate videos cause the last time I saw a vid and in the description there was: My brother has just died watch this video and when I watched half of the vid there was like a creepy old woman screaming with one eye bleeding..... I was afraid cause it cause 2 o'clock in the morning pls don't let them share stuff like this!!!!
Mary  perez
:)
Its soooooo good
Come on it takes two apps.!?!?!?! And it takes up all my memory uhhhh please fix this and i will give u 5 stars
Best
Loved it
The new updates are RUBBISH!
Abon average
I like this app
Love it!!
Loved it
Great !!!!! ^_^
I think us Facebook users now having to run two apps for one social media is a joke, it drains out phone battery and uses much more data.
Not workink proprly please fixd it
Why would you force your users to download another app with some additional dicey privacy issues and eating even more memory to do one of the basic functions of fb. Uninstalling!

....sometimes this app is getting into my nerves...it was like uninstalling on it's own...that's why i have to reinstall it again...it happens to me several times....but i like it somehow...not the uninstalling...it's the app rather
This application is poor. Better try to make another application.
I love it
The messenger app is a HUGE violation of PRIVACY.  and you can't check your messages on this app without it.  Deleting the app and I'm disappointed in the way Facebook is moving forward.  Being able to RECORD audioTAKE pictures.AT ANY TIME!!  Deleting app and not happy!
I like this
Wish the app would open by default to most recent stories, instead of most popular.
I can't see my messages now...what the hell is this..remove ur messenger advertisement from there..to see my messages i have to install messenger now...its not right....fix it otherwise i will delete this facebook app
facebook
Fucked up
Adil qureshi
Nisha nisha
Great
No facebook messages in facebook app?!?!
Why the user of iphone can reply comment but the user of samsung galaxy 3 dosent have reply comment?
It's too slow.....
Sper
60 MB space. are you serious Facebook? plus why to download another App for messaging.?
Uppdate
Give the update version soon....
Oooo
Love it
It wont worn properly and my videos and messages won't load Wtf is wrong with it! Fix it
Best app of facebook . I really enjoyed this app
Nice good
Nice
Its amazing
I don't need you to force feed me videos...

Ilove it one love
CANT SEE MY MESSAGES AND IM NOT DOWNLOADING MESSAGER WHEN YOU CAN LOOK AT ALL MY INFORMATION CHANGE IT BACK!!!
Not good
A very good app
i dont like the new messaging system..i cant hide my personal details.its not good security wise and uploading picture sometimes doesnt work.
Again installed it.......
Took a lot of my phone memory and an idiot deleted Facebook on my phone and I can't download it again
Good but Slow and Without the Messenger App chat isnt so good ,even i cant move this App to SD card as it occupies around 70MB of space.
I absolutely refuse to download another app for messages,  not doing it! I got this app because everything was was included in it. Whats next, an app for wall post?  Poor move FB , poor move
Does not show messages in the new update. Why use two different apps, when one can do. Please fix it.
I don't appreciate getting forced to download another privacy raping Facebook app to send messages. Sick of Facebook abusing its customers privacy and treating us like lab rats. Deleting
loved it
Speed needs to improve
Good
When trying to scroll thru my page to view or edit,page keeps freezing up then goes mental and self scrolls. Photos not loading on page properly.  Please Facebook,try and fix bugs please!
Facebool
Best
I like it
Since the last update, the likes and comments have been merged together. Fix this for better rating
Gooooooooooooood
Like Facebook
Love it. Nuff said.
Really hate dis app msgs toh show hi nhi hote
:)
This app takes up to much space just only to launch it. Facebook developer, please take respond. It's not working anymore! This app is really suck!
Slow
It is so very fast
Its slow in 4g sim
Good...need some improvement!!:)
Its ok
Keep up the good work! As usual!
Always not responding everytime i open the apps..what happen..?
M
This app keeps freezing, I can't even open the app to log in! I have uninstalled and re-installed many times! Please fix this issue ASAP!!!
Nice
Ok kaayo
This app is bad enough!... Battery draining, data and memory hogging, info stealing app... And now you say I gotta download a second one for messages?... Um,  NO!  YOU'VE CROSSED THE LINE,... AGAIN!!! Im about done with you altogether. You say I gotta have 2 apps?... How about I delete Facebook, and my profile... Google + is better anyways!
NOT HAPPY @_@
Benifits of fb : instaint know all news  Bad sector of fb : west of time ..@ almost nice
Every time when I start the app it crash and doesnt open so please fix this bug as soon as possible
Wont install
Hello friends
Useless Built-in player. Crash randomly. Long wait for login approvals, sometimes upto 8 hours.how can i give this app 0 stars?for updating with crappy built-in video player.
It is vary boring to update facebook every week....
It is a nice app but please decrease the space with this app, it so huge! It makes my other apps not work easily so please hear this out and also understand. :)
Five stars
Ever since I have been regularly updating my Facebook on my phone it has been freezing alot especially when I scroll past a video it takes a couple seconds to unfreeze itself (this happens with every video I scroll across) .
Pakistan phalia
best of the best social app


Anybody know, after upload the video, how to tag some friend?
Please reduce the app size. Optimise it. It takes 66 MB in my phone

2stars for this app...Cant like n share posts,or open private messages..need tweaking and would rate it 5stars.
Update
Fun
I updated it and now I cant log in.... FIIIIIXXXXXX IT!!!!!!!!facebook yall didnt do on s*** but f*** it up with your updates.. now u have all my info an I cant get in my page.. piece of s*** facebook
Asks for way too much personal info, and crashes for me multiple times a day. It was better before Messenger, but now it makes it near impossible to send a message quickly. There is no reason FB needs to know all the info they want upon install, and there certainly should not be a required app to go along with it. Ridiculous!
Me
The "About" icon isn't showing. Fix
Great
Hearty
Kishor
It's stupid how we must install the messenger app to message people , really really horrible , u must change it back a lot of people agree with me , Facebook is getting wack with this
GOOD
Why forcing us to download 13 mb only for messenger
Hay
It is good to use
The best version ever it would be better if it had video calling for Mobil
Want download facebook wall vedio.
Keep in thouch
B
Became hard to select friend list after 14... Update.
Not bad
FB era.icon.legend.Empire !!!
I hate the new message app!  Wtf!  Facebook!  Not Cool I will not give you my contact.
Excellent
Sometime app hack hjati hy plz is ko thak kerin
5 star
Y FB app is forcing us to install fb messenger. It's disgusting.
i hate it when you forced us to install the messenger....
They do not work, always have a some bullshit error message about an error, even before the video plays. Fix this complete waste of an app.
Gud
everytime i use emoji and othee emoticons when im posting in Facebook, i can't also see my facebook now!! fix this plsssss!!
Force to download massanger which is a junk
Best apps ever!!!!
Mst
Crashes all the time now. Why do I have to download a second app to send messages now? This app gets worse by the minute
I live fb
I love sex
Thanx
I hate facebook it become worse and worse now I can't send a message to my friend without uploading mesenger
Old app plays video but new version not playing video
Loveing  working in
Forces users to use another app for chats. Thus, two applications will run in the background instead of one.
Divice
uuu
Frozen Download
Eva since i updated its not fast
Rascal it did not update shameless i an uninstalling it handu
Perch due app scadenti per un'icona servizio scadente che si rimanda a vincenda in modo scadente?
Lala
Atleast best
Invasive! Also, keep the messenger as part of the mobile app and not a standalone please!!!!!!!!! >_____<
This apps is very nice i like it
Sroy
I can't download facebook when I download error shoeing
Suck app madafaka!!!
i lov it
Poor update. i can't see any pic
plz. dont u seperate the message in facebook plz.
I started to not like this app since the delivery of the message is separated from the application.
They made me download the messenger to chat !!!!
W
Ok
Olllllllo
Whoah! I hate it. The app always crashes or not responding. Plus it forces people to install the annoying messenger so as to view our messages.
It'$ to slow
Very good application
Update is bad, always stays on last page you closed when you open the notification window
It. is. Nice
Y'all are BS.
Too slow
Hate this app 
HEY !!!! GET BACK MESSAGES IN FACEBOOK. I don't want to use two different apps for same purpose.

Its awesome, I can keep in contact with all friends!
Great app..but is eating lot of my storage. Wish fb can create a lower storage consuming app
Seriously need to get rid of the recent searches feature.
Useful!
So good
Good
good
Just osam
Yah
This app has kicked me out locked my facebook page saying I haven't used it on my phone that I've had for 6 months. I am deleting this app and will never use it again. Get ur crap together app creators and fix this. If I could rate this any lower than 1 star y'all would have -10 stars
Sucks
Best app
Lots of bugs, poor look
There are NO messages in Facebook appp any more?? So I must download messanger to see messages, and have Facebook to see all the other stuff?! Dont think so.  To have two different apps that eats CPU, for the same thing!? Are you crazy? GET BACK MESSAGES IN FACEBOOK OR IM DELETING NOT JUST THE APP, BUT MY FACEBOOK PROFILE ALSO!!!
good..its ok, even sometimes slow..
Love app
Nice update so fast.
I dont like.
Everytime I turn my device off I have to put this update on my tablet. Its slow and always not responding. Rubbish!
Many problems like loading,.getting notifications , saving pictures etc . previous was much much better .
I love fb
Why doesnt downloading to me these apps.
nice
I can't  see pictures in this.
Very super but I want install it
Update: so you want to say I have to download another crappy buggy application for reading my messages? Seriously???? How about No autoplayed videos at all? No, no way. Why would anyone like to turn it off?
Installed
Makes my phone really slow and the news feed doesn't show the recent news
This app is very good for chating,sending messages and sharing photoes with friends
I don't know when Facebook decided that it was so important that I would let it just see n have control of whatever it wanted on my phone.. Facebook app and messenger app permissions are out of this world unacceptable.  Some people don't let their spouses have that much control! Get real facebook!
If it wasn't for keeping up with my family that lives out of town, then I would have deleted this Facebook already It keeps closing and not responding. Its getting rediculous. I'm tired of it. Y'all need to do something right about this app cause all you do is keep changing it and no one likes it
Learn to code and design
Absoutely loved it
Perfect
Facebook
I had been happy. But this eats my memory. And a separate app for messages? I prefer whatsapp
Best
FB there was nothing wrong with regular inbox messaging. Why are you screwing it up? You want me to download an app that takes up more space.. and that can turn on my recorder, my camera, my video? & to give you permission to call people on friends list. Now it takes 2x longer to send a message, I have to leave FB to do it. Can't scroll up to read older messages, keeps pulling me down to last response. VERY ANGRY. Everyone has text messaging on their phone. WHY DO I NEED THIS! Maybe Uninstall & go to Twitte
It sucks.i have heard of blood suckers.. This app too is a sucker..sucking all of our personal info..
Mahal kita
Love it
Try to reduce the size of latest version. It's around 123 MB. This takes lots of memory of phone while loading.
Chat everyone without see faces.
Sadeeq
Superr...but.....
Cool
Need Facebook
Wish it had thumbs down.
Facebook is wanting to know their users a little too much!!
Ghhhjj
Fix it
It's disappointing. It's not working as expected....
Finally updated, we'll see how it turns out. I hate the suggestions that are there for pages and websites. Its like 80% of my newsfeed.
Uninstalling this app because of your messenger update - having to have two separate apps for the same thing is rubbish
Students
Better then before
Good
So nice app
Nice app
Facebook is really good
I'm sorry
Thanks facebook friends meet c/o you, Usman Bashir Global Estate Thatta Sindh.
I love facebook
The best in best
Fix it fast
But... can i chat without fb messenger.
Great app
every time and I mean every time after scrolling way down and found something interesting to read the application updates and puts me back on top post and I had to again scroll down and find the post I was reading... updates should improve the app not degrade it some more...
I like it
facebook
Awesome App.... :-)
good
Not good
Past update sucks. Can't update my status. And if it does go through it multiplies it.  "Recent" & "Top Stories" are messed up. It actually doesn't update recent updates, days old. Another annoyance is that if I comment on a news/page thread People reply to my comment but I can't respond back, it comes out separately. Even if you tag their name it untags it so they never get the response. Wish had the ability to block game requests on mobile. I hate that can't block friends from private messaging me.
Since I updated, everytime I open my fb it's ALWAYS NOT RESPONDING!!! Moreover, it force u to download msgr...very BAD. Pls fix it.
Great app ever: very fantico join me and my friends
Dear Facebook "User Support", if I want a messenger app, I will search for and install one. Since you have decided to promote spy ware, I am now uninstalling Facebook from my mobile. As the Web browser version is more user friendly, that is what I will be using from now on. When you return the Facebook app to its original, functional app that it was, please let me know so as I may inspect your app and decide if it is worth my time reinstalling.        -Regards, a "valued user"
Pretty good app.
V.nice
It requires access to too much info on my phone.
Ure recent update is causing my profile to keep crashing ie become none responsive fix it will u n stop updating all the bloody time
Facebook not responding, facebook not respondin again and again that sucks!!?
I like this veery much becoz i can come in contact with all my old fnds
No I will not use two bloody apps for Facebook. Give me back messenger! Why make people download another app when it was working just fine before?! You app developers get more and more stupid as time goes by
I luv it:-)
running fb with this aap is wonderful to use
Keka!!!!
Facebook
Ever since the update, it freezes my phone and I have to take the battery out to fix it. It would be easier for me just to get on the internet, so that's what I'll be doing from now on.
I like this app....
B bnbn
Excellent application but not compatable for 2G network so I give 4
This is highly burdensome. It will discourage from using this service.
So much memory
too good
Awesome app! Better than the previous one!
Forcing us to download the messenger app. Everyone, download the fast app. It gives you everything you need in a FB app.
It has a long way to go!!!! It's getting there
Its consume a lot space.
There's always one problem it another, they're always working out the kinks. Also no matter what phone I use the  Facebook app slows it down. The phone will run perfectly fine, I download the app and it starts messing up and running slow. I delete the app our test my phone and it starts working again. So I've found it's more terrible than its worth and I'd rather wait till I get home to a computer to check my Facebook
No other messege&error saving pics&no resent posts in new feed !!!! Plz fix that things
Good
This is very good
Nice
Love it!!
Asking for too many permissions. No thanks! (NT)
M.j
Videos keep failing to start and when they do they reset midway through almost every time.
Bit slow while uploading vdeos
Too 10
Good app but always ask for updating....
Please add the share option to share status and videos to other apps.
I do not have a background in this so called new age technology but you guys rockz!!
Really good .  Im addicted
You need another app just to message people ? wtf
Nice but good
Like it
Please note that you are not getting updates it shocks your app. Poor quality you can give now..
Independent chat feature isn't available anymore, it needs to use that s***** messanger to chat. Isn't cool anymore.
I liked the app and all its improvements over time, but the decision to move Inbox to a whole new app made me stop using both. I thaught its the user dictating the development of an app and not the app telling the user how he will be forced to use it!
Its awsm..,
Great, how about life events?
Nice app thanks
Its good.
Kumar
Month after month it need update.....but as useval no improve or no change in aap.....don't istall
Videos not working everytime and always appear to have error when using Mobile Data(4G) Everytime patch also still the same.Can u guys solve this?
Nice
Peace
This app requires way to many permissions, and now I'm supposed to download another app to message someone? No thanks. I'd rather be on Google+
Hahahhhuahahahaha dami o tawa bente
M nt able to see my messages....when ever I try to ...it alway shows to install facebook message n that I don't want to install...
So nice
Every time giving errors...whats wrong??
Less new feed..
Always hang when click message. Use a lot of RAM.
Best
Thanks ..so Nice
Liketosee  further
Like th asp
If I want to choose my news feed to be most recent so I don't see the same stuff over and over I should have to jump through hoops. And now you care so much about how I send messages I have to do it your way too. Are you going to start choosing my profile pictures and status updates next? Am I going to get a notification that you don't like my choice in friends and you'll be choosing my friends list for me now? Why even have a facebook if I can't use it
Need alot of improvement
Best
Please fix this app.. My phone so lagging -,- much bugs
fb is best
Facebook
The defenders I was a littlest u
Trig
Best
Redohan Dihan
Its easy to use
why it is so huge in size? it takes a lot of memory & consumes a lot of data. freezes time to time. specially forces me to install the messenger.
Love it
Lol
Sabir khan
It really great and I loved it
Very nic
Extremely good
Good
i like it
Most recent posts should always be popping first, not what I've been seeing.
Lol
Motel Rai Ruse
Deleted the app. Only using the web version from now on.
You love me
FB King
Cool!
New message pop-up is missing sometimes.
Good job...
I wish this app was made available to transfer to my SD card. It is a ridiculously large app file and takes up far too much phone memory. Samsung Galaxy S5
Plez fix the bug in new update f.b apps..as i see more update more bug ur team create
Yo yo Honey singh
Its too good.
Helpfull
Komyo
Excellent
So excellent to used its fine.
It doesn't show my profile picture
Easy access. Easy navigation
Great way to connect with friends through posts and messages
:-)
Downloading is slow
Id rather just login thru google chrome than you stpid facebook checkin out my sms and my pictures for what? What is the use? To read other people messages and look at their gallery image files. Well you can suck my ****.
Yo its awsm
It won't let me download it it says unknown error -24 please fix this
Takes too much space... :/
Waste app too much space required...it is better to use fb in UC .....
Nice browser
Hey there I don't mind all the other updates for facebook but seriously a facebook messager is to much space for everyone instead of making a dumb app for only messages just leave it in facebook so you dont have to get in or out of facebook. Fix this issue
Consume much data but faster
Tired of the intrusive parts of facebook. Always up in my business.
Please improve the speed
well nice
facbook
Why are we compelled to download the stupid messenger app just to do the measaging feature? It'll eat up more memory.. Your upgrade seemed like a downgrade.. Coz now we need to open two apps to enjoy full features, which were previously offered in just one app.. For your competitors, this is the time to make a come back..
Its allllright .it took forever to download
Cute
Don't let me install, all time say insufficient storage available, but I have 11 gb free, and 2 gb free and SD card, so what happen with yours, this Facebook going really bad. In GALAXY NOTE 3.
Crashes all the time first it works then it dose not so why have something that will not work half the time I getting messages from people can not get them out
It keeps freezing up on me and I have to keep uninstalling and reinstalling it. So fix it
Y am I being force to use messenger?  So I uninstalled FB app ... too much intrusion into our privacy.
best app ever
Not bad...but some times it started working slow
Good
This app was bad to begin with. But now they took away the messaging part of the app and makes you install a different one for that. It's crap!
Kenapa harus force ke fb messenger ,sungguh menguras batttery .tolong di perbaiki atau lebih baik pakai apps pihak ketiga
Let it take200mb but it is great
De
Love it
Love it
Nice
Pathetic..Everytime it updates it freezes and doesnt respond and have to close..Videos dont play properly or wont play at all..
Good
I gve it 5 star if it did work wel bt Its not too Awesme...nd sme times it dosent respnce..pls do sme thing fr this prob.. Thn i gve it 5 mrks... @Face Book company :-)
Bad.New feeds always repeated.
Michel jabour49@jamalcom
Forcing me to download messenger
Really? A seperate app for messaging now? And it asks for a ridiculous amount of privlages? Do you want my SS number too? Credit card info? My first born child? I think not. DELETING APP.
awesome 1
I love my life knw thats y am here today give thank to jah
This is the best site to connect all world.
Excellent
New World. .....
Gud 1
Good app
Betar
Sucks!!
Boys fb
Good no nee features when updated. .....but endly I wanna say nice.
Make it  isliye use any person
Thanks dude umahh
It's ok
Why we need to open 2 apps facebook and messages are now separated? Not good!
Hay Dear
The app is ALWAYS force closing itself, and is extremely slow!
Awesome now that it has finally been updated!!
Just steal all of our personal and private information why don't you Mark! I know you like YOUR privacy. How about giving ours back!
Good way of know everyone.
Too much space taken
Fast.easy.quick :D
Good
Just deleted this app after the new update and the need download another app just to message my friends. This has gotten ridiculous.
I've stopped using Facebook until i can message and chat in the app.
More than the other aplicants
I love Facebook ! ;)
Hai
V g d
This is fb very moving fast sent msg cal fangsan good i like it fb
Amging app
Lets see
For some reason I can't use the emojis that come with My phone, yet other people can, droid ultra
,
Runs really slow
I hate updating  why everytym?
No fb no lief goooooooooooooood FB          I LOVE FB
Why the hell are we forced to installed messanger. See if we  want to use messanger we can install it and run but why is that we used It forcefully fix the problem and get 5 stars
Love
Tsikeni
Bhy
Too invasive.   It violates my privacy.
I hate this stupid update the other at least told me when I had a new notification this s**t is dumb
Horrible Updates Take A Ridiculous Amount Of Memory, After Too Much Is Used Can't Do Anything, Need Like 1-2 Older Versions.
Asking For Too Much Phone Data. Facebook Workers Put All Your Data Open To Your Employers
Any time it get worse.
Good for communicating that's for sure
Struck every time
Nice
Good
I have a problem that in this app I cant chat wid my frns... help..
No text or anything
Now improved
I like it
Facebook messenger
Sucks
Great
Its a piece of a shit,,fuck
A bit slow, too much memory can you get recent stories back?
It always freeze up n want yu to get more stuff doing to much
Likw
Why do you force me to download the messenger app... Why!!!!  I like it the way it is. I don't need more apps on my phone.
Takes up too much space and ram is barely surviving -__-
Thats amazing
why did you move my messages to messanger?
It's ok
I use fb almost exclusively on my phone, and really dont want to download and be forced to use a second app for messages.  Messages worked perfectly fine on this app before; why take away functionality that was already there? You are pushing me further and further towards deleting my account altogether
,Enamul  Shimul
Best apk
I got it for my friends except my one group chat won't open when I click on it!
Cannot go to my friend wall post from my s planner apps, please fix
This is a nice app for my phone hope to meet and see u on Facebook.
FORCE CLOSES EVERY TWO MINUTES!!!
App was simply outstanding!  But in some cases it is very slow
Bangladesh
Forcing a messaging app on me = 1 star. By the way, for the people who want the most recent feed, you have to go to the "more" tab (the 3 horizontal lines thing), scroll down until you see "most recent", then click that. You can only view it in the more tab though -_-
#UNINSTALL Facebook that was the last straw. You will not bully me into a very intrusive messenger app. As of right now I will be installing this app. Goodbye. The rest of you should do the same.
Great....
Well" its ok the only problem is calling somone on this site, its very poor.
I love the Facebook because u can talk to your friends.
Why have u got to switch to messenger?  I dont want this but forced to. Why not leave it to personal choice. Also newsfeeds are rubbish. Always to top and not most recent. Very disappointing.
I like facebook
is
Nice application and very usefull.,continue for the update so good and fast to load
Lots of updates with no speciality
It aint nothing but that Facebook
This is a great app
News feed not loading! Well I hate this app much now!  Will delete if it doesn't work properly in next update and your latest update says "Improvements for reliability and speed" well none is there in this update, instead it's slow,  having errors in loading news feed!
Requirement of messenger for messages is not appreciated. Don't need two apps for Facebook!
Love it
Pathetic performance. .. :(
Doesn't respond to my touch when all other apps do. Freezes consistently
Love is life
Screw you and your separate messenger app.
Thanks
I don't y in ma phone this app doesn't work properly sometimes.
Its fun to text other people in the world
Facebook
It takes up too much space on my phone, and causes it to run incredibly slow. I'm not able to have any other apps on my phone. Constantly shuts down. It's just awful.
Chat
Ijo rul
im uninstalling this $hitty app...useless now that it forces you to install fb messenger if you want to chat....have you read all the security reqs for both apps? why have 2 resource costly apps when you can use freakin Opera browser to have acces to all fb features and not give acces to your privacy.... BB Fb...be gone!
Open my messages or I will use Web ur app sucks
Eats up a looooooot of memory.. N cnt delete posts
Memory:|
*** not well not bad
Why i don't have the option to unfollow a post i've commented on? Why i can't add padges to interested list or edit the lists i already have? Why it doesn't change the pics of my friends in the chat list when they change it? It keeps the old ones for a long time... when i refresh news feed it's almost still the same,and finally u should change "just a moment" in the start to "just an hour"
Excellent
Facebook is an important part of my life...! This mobile fb sucks. But I wish you guys should bring some reforms to get as fast as new updates very soon. All an all it is very much disgusting app...! Don't install it.
It's so annoying that people I do t even want to talk to keep calling my phone through Facebook like why is this necessary and how come I can't turn the the dumb thing off.
Best application
Shajidah
Booooooooo to you!
Niceeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
Khumo
Y I have to install messenger to message some 1 its forcing to install other wise I can't message bad &it needs access to microphone and camera really really very bad disgusting
Forced to install messenger. Now FB freezes every 5 seconds. Are you trying to make yourselves irrelevant? Uninstall ing messenger.
I love this app
nice
Khan
Love it
Faduu app I like it
:)))
I think marks is mad now
after downloading the latest version, i cant download videos from fb. complite user action dosn't appear. Videos directly plying on the app.
Excelent
Really its nice social networking sites...
Forcing permissions that make no sense without explanation... bull! Separate messaging app when it was once nicely integrated ... just stupid. Can't even sort (shouldn't need to cause it should be chronological anyways) status as I want as a default. This app is getting worse by the day. Also, doesn't feel like anyone at this stupid company cares to listen to its customers. Just read the reviews.
Awsm
Good
Luv it
Pictures are not getting open . Just keep on loading .. please fix it .
Ravi
Forcing us to install FB Messenger.
It takes way to much of ram please do something about it I m really runnin' low on ram
Superb
Excellent app
The app is taking lots of memory...
Garbage now since they force you to install separate app for messages.
First of all, why must I read top stories...?? I need latest news from my friend not yesterday status..!! Secondly, why I have to download fb messenger..?? Now it has to be another app to read all my message..?? Getting worst and worst... I think I will stick to Wechat unless you solve all the problems...
It hang many times....and slow process
Fantastic Performance...
Very good
Its bcme sucked and slow
News feed sucks
I love Facebook
Awesome
This is sad! When a lot of other developers are already pushing out tablet optimized apps, Facebook being one of biggest apps, should have had the tablet version of its app along time ago.....bring the tablet version of the app FACEBOOK
Problem solved gd one,..
Excellent
Very nice...but I want to speed incriment on facebook
really amazing prog
Need improvement
Ok
Excellent in use.
Love is life Best Software
I can't see my messages and I don't have a computer. I refuse to get the messenger app because of its permission requests. Please change it back to the way things were.
So goods
I don't get why I am forced to have a whole separate app entirely for messages. Messages have always worked perfectly fine in the Facebook app. I shouldn't need a new one too send and receive messages. Thinking about just getting rid of Facebook all together.
Kamalbhai prajapati
Won't even let me uninstall, cool.
This is stupid everytime I finish watching a video the  page refreshs. Fix now
So nice!
nice
Love fb
Man at work
Can't see any videos from my news feed it's getting annoying
not bad...bud to slow update status
You wanna shlap
Okay okay app
Meh
Blocking problem Hacking problem Problem hi problem bakwaas app.
It's Facebook... What more can I say? I can't really get excited about it.
Awsme app
Bagus sangat
Could u compress the app? y because my fne memory is less 200 mb
Excellent
It is always help us it helps to find our old friends.
:-D
Videos will not play
Excellent app
It always says package is unvalid and i can't open the app up at all.
coolest app after whats app
i always hit my small phone  because it's always can't work my apps sometime......
Its timepass
Para lang gumana yung fb
Nice to handle.. But takes up lot of space
Nice
Pls remove the messenger.. It takes time because it is very slow to load the message and typing .
I love it but it erased all my games
Wowe
wow
What is this? Now they they want to force you to install messenger app so can see your messages?? Thats bul****** im not going to let me take over my phone 
I don't like being forced to download a completely pointless app (referring of course to Facebook messenger)
Won't let me check my inboxes
For a month or so, it never navigates properly.  It's impossible to use and doesn't update properly.
Shan
Dis new update sucks...cannot load the page...plz fix...

This is ridiculous. If I have the facebook app I should be able to message people in the same app. I'm not going to waste memory on my phone downloading a messenger.What if I message someone something important who doesn't have the app?  And they don't want to or can't download the messenger app?! This messes up communication, and without successful communication what's the point of even having a facebook?! Several friends have posted saying they will not download messenger.
Nice Awesome
I really wish there was another app I could use. This app keeps force closing,  I have problems looki at pix,  I have not been able to make a post.  Sucks
Jasen  L.
I like this app download it
Unnecessary now that they changes messages
Bring it back for more stars
Can't see videos. Please fix. Ever since the update issue has occured. I uninstalled app and reinstalled twice.  Issue persist. Please fix
Facebook
I love it very much
It doesn't want to download
This so bad. You can't chat and read messages till you install messenger. WTF
Hangouts is better than this crap!!
Facebook update
Takes too much time for every thing..
Loved it
Can't watch any videos
Defaults to "top stories" who the hell wants top stories on a phone app.?  1 star until you sort that it out.
Average
I'm practically addicted to this app but I love it!!!!!
Why can't I see view posts in my news feed in chronological order? Ridiculous. Wish I'd never updated it. Now I have to look thru stuff I read 2 weeks ago just to see recent posts. Why do you people constantly feel the need to choose what we can and can't see and how we see it?
Very good
Lovedd itt
fantanstic
Gonna delete this stupid apps ! Anti- Facebook ! o0o
Can no longer receive private messages. The messenger app you want me to install to see messages keeps crashing and wants insane permissions. "Thanks" for fixing something that wasn't broken.
Just deleted the app. Facebook is collecting too much personal information. Will NEVER reinstall until they quit their policy of collecting my personal information.
App should allow you to edit your comments! Also, news feed should show most recent always!
Nice
Yeeeeeaaaaaaa
Maja aata hai
I'm officially uninstalling Facebook now that they're forcing me to have this annoying messenger app
Super
Good to keep in touch
Chatting
Having fun!!!!!
Wow
Has made the phone very slow.
Thank u
:x
It awesome
Super
very very unreliable.
Nice Facebook App Friend.
For the data they mine, aka stacking cheddar, one would think their software would be somewhat reliable. Won't even get into the secondary messenger app garbage.
Nice
Crap compare to previius versions which  wer almosr the pc version
Good
Ok so maybe some people like the app. But I am not going to install another app just to see my private messages and allow facebook even more access to my phone. If I want I should be able to keep my messages and facebook in one app.
Hate that your most recent isn't most recent
Pesa
Since messages can no longer be accessed through the normal facebook app I have been forced to download ANOTHER application that takes up space, has WAY to many crazy app permissions and does not make things easier.  I thought mobile apps are supposed to make things easier not the opposite!  Why make two different applications required when instead everything can be achieved in ONE application?  I am not impressed with facebook and am very close to simply using the web browser based version on my phone.
Sorry, I'm not downloading a separate app for messages. Why don't you allow people to view messages in the regular app like you used to?
Need to be  updated
Uninstalled until Facebook gets this privacy issues fixed
Juniorlee
Its very important but there is one problem .. it have a big storage on mobile :/
Trying to force another application down the throat of users that has the capability to make calls and text without your permission just so we can private message on facebook? No. Absolutely despicable action from facebook to collect further data and information. Leave private messing in the regular app.
Since the latest update and videos don't work on my Sony xperia zr... Please fix
F 21
I'll go higher if you stop asking me to install messenger . I'm not giving facebook those kinds of permissions your insane
There should be more options about updating info about one's college/school/work
Superb
The "Most Recent" stories can not be set as default anymore. You have to manually go to it on a different page. It's a hassle now. Bring the old layout back!
good
Fantastic
i love it
I get tired of fb not responding! need to fixes  this it's being a real  big problem!
Ilove it
Its slow
This app sucks. Its slow. No matter if I am using Wi-Fi or 3g it takes forever to load. My computer is faster and my computer sucks! Facebook you lost quality when you started selling shares. I can't believe your lead in social networking sites I'd say bring MySpace back!
Social media
Veary good
It's a big problem with this app that you can't selectively choose who can and cannot see your posts, check-ins, or photos on Facebook. Please fix the costum privacy settings for this app!
Loved it
Good appp
Greaaattt
dasent
Facebook
I have been blocked from almost everything for no apparent or good reason it's becoming extremely annoying. I have 3 FACKING accounts now.
N
do you want me. Get it now
The New version is working very slowly.please work in it.
Picasso
Its a superb App. Its nice while chatting with others.
Poor app
Why is my settings always change to public on FB when I put them private.I add a post to my page Everyone of them end up on the feed. Everything I share. it says no page found. When I try to add it to my page only.I'm so tired of fb,in don't even want to go on it any more. If I wanted strangers to see everything.I would post it to the feed than all the time.there are stranger liking photos, comments from people I don't even know.now that's creepy.FB needs a Phone Assistant too call for help.with FB problems
Excellent
I Love Facebook
Super
Terrible app forces to download messenger
I rate it 1 bcos when i click on face book it says dat i shood enter my email. I enter my correct email but it still say incorret emall
I don't like being forced into using Facebook's dedicated messaging app.
Good apk
I like that fb.frainds
Love it
This app sucks anymore updates are slow
Fb what can I say I use you..so cool I mean your totally invadi my privacy though. So that's pretty messed up!!
Simply the best.
Really disagree with removing the messaging feature to a separate app.  It's idiotic
This is amazing
5
Please facebook stop being so annoying.
Dessanayaka
Ok facebook
WTF, its bull that I have to uninstall it and re install it an find out it still does not open. Higher rating is problem is fixed.
12345
This app doesn't work properly on 2.2.1
Very Good
Luvv it
Fu** this app
It's take a long time
Error loading news feed,all the time when I'm trying to open fb I see error.....thinking about deleting Facebook....
It alway's has me download Facebook messenger
Alright
different apps, when having one was enough. I already have whats app, so I think I'm just gonna uninstall this app.  - Note 3
Y'all just need to delete Facebook app all together and start all over y'all keep upgrading taking up my memory even when u do upgrade it what's the difference. It's still slow it's still has a delay it still pure bs.
Yeah
Love this app
Fecbook
Please bring back the recent posts nf by default
Forcing me to download a separate app for my messages....no thanks ill use my browser for Facebook from now on
Great
Fb needs to add the messenger part back so I stop getting the notification icon saying I have a new fb message because I refuse to Download the app
Will not install on my phone
TNX
Get App 
I love this app.....   :-)
After I updated the app recently it started to lack again n again wtf
Awesome
This app was good before it made you get a separate app just for messenger. I ended up removing this app and getting tinfoil for Facebook instead
Superb
Downgraded to one star for taking away messaging from Facebook, and switching to a messaging app. I don't need or want a messaging app. My phone came with 3 messaging apps and I only need one. I don't want it and will not download it.  Total fail. Now I have to contact friends and family,  and inform them to not contact me in Facebook because I will not see it. Thats a good way to make me use your app less.
It's terrible, I can't do anything on my phone because I have to also download messenger which eats battery life because there's no way to turn it off. Facebook is starting to suck.
Refuse to download the messenger app
I love it
B
Hot
Good
Please dont update
Don't push your stupid messenger app on us.
This is vary bad social network in the world.
Yes
I Love FB
K
Its awesome <3
Finally after a patch update the app works great!!
Useless app, i will never install your messinger ap
2621970
I simply love it
Hopi bon
I cant instill facebook in my android
Its a way to call and text your friends and family
Moeyan
If you like having no privacy or true control of you device then thus is the app for you. Let big brother Zuckerberg and his corporate body use your mobile for extracting information about anything to do with your life. Use you as a messaging billboard by calling your contacts without your knowledge. Grandma and that business associate in Thailand won't mind at all. If you've always wanted to be a cash cow but weren't sure where to get started then you're in the right place. Just install today!
AB! Na jaO choRd kR k D!L aB! Bra Nh!....k(s!l3nT)M
Very disappointed with this latest update. Everything is taking forever to load and it's getting really frustrating!
I absolutely hate Facebook now since the last several updates, I noticed its getting more and more intrusive. Now you guys are forcing me to use messenger. I'm keeping my Facebook only to promote and encourage my friends to switch to Instagram and Tumblr. I will eventually deactivate Facebook altogether!!! Bad enough that your CEO 'stole' the Facebook concept and now you guys are forcing me to use an app to steal MY information??? Fat chance!!!
Mark Zuckerburg is a clown
Kinda glitchy but it works.
,
A ram hungry app forces us to download  another ram hungry app
There is no need to access my wifi, and many parts of my phone. I've since deleted the app and messenger app as well.  Also the news feed was HORRIBLE! !! never kept up to date.  Showed things from 2wks ago and then 5min ago. Was annoying. Once this is fixed and permissions revamped, I may go back. For now, I'll use fb through the web.
All or nothing? Well then I guess it's nothing. It requires the same privileges that Messenger requires. Everyone seems upset about Messenger but seems to not know about the FB app itself. Yeah, it's getting uninstalled. I'll run in the browser, which requires less permissions.
Huff..
nice shoot
The app is fine. I don't want to install two apps. I'm gonna use my browser.
Good
Sometimes it stops working even in 3G network so i bit hate hit
Good
Sucks in general, but what are you going to do...
Ive used this app for as long as I can remember but recently I realized it was eating up my storage so I uninstalled it. Later I decided to delete some of my other apps to reinstall it being that it s faster than using Facebook on my browser. But as I went to reinstall the app and accept the terms I seen that the app needs access to ALL my info.. including camera and pics, calender and contacts, text messaging,  call log emails and microphone. WHY??? Thats an invasion of privacy if you ask me.
I can't get unread count plz fix it
I can not watch any videos with this app!
Good
Very good app for my android
Good
Please make it  little small, so that we can install other apps also.
Cant update status... Every day there is a new bug.!!!! Do smthin as soon as possible!! 
Khk
It's like the Same Old Stuck - Up App! Don't see no Changes. Thanks though for making me Realise That this App Is A total Junk...;)
Forcing users to install apps that have the capability to monitor them
Trollolololololololololololol
Share and download feed sends me to a forceclose or report page.... sooo frustrating!
Yee Tri
Mri fb ma trouble hu re ha new feed ma us ko update b kya ha ma kya kru
Dirty, rotten business policy of Facebook. Who is Zuckerberg to dictate whether I would install the bloody ram jamming messenger (which makes my phone a mess) or not?  Stop this business trick and think rationally. I've uninstalled this app for good.
when I get to see top comments i'll give u 5 stars ?!
Hummmm not bad
Gus job f.b
Love sharing with family and friends.
Very good
I don't messenger. I don't need messenger. If I am forced to have messenger in order to check messages , then I will delete Facebook.
Easy fun and unlimited
Can't read or look at messages, now need a separate app? No thanks, I'll not use either as the fb app is terrible anyway.
Hope not going to heavy
FB app was great when it 1st came out. Did what it was supposed to w/ little overhead (ram use & drive space on phone). Now, it uses more ram than ever (biggest resource hog on phone) & takes a lot of drive space.  Moreover, ur taking away the built-in mssnger app & forcing a 2nd app on us that will add more overhead. The ONLY reason I keep the app on anymore is the ease w/ which u can post photos to FB. Now,  I don't even know whether it's worth it. Ur forcing ppl away from what was at 1 time a good app.
Nice to hav in android
GREAT APP
Good.
Error in loading new feeds
99069861
Excellent
As nothing is perfect I rate it four outta five :'))
Good communication 4 us lazy people.
Easy
But just that I cant view videos and us given me plms. Thats all
Poor
Please reduce the app size. Optimise it
Phyonaung17@gmailcom
very nice apps to have our friends familys online and less to makes distance and get oymymm
raja
Thanks
so sweet facebook
Its amazing....
Awesome
Goooooodd
I cant to see the msgs
Awesome
Good
FB now hangs up. Links won't open. It has ruined the whole fb experience. I think I'm going to uninstall because I believe its affecting my phone. About 3 updates ago I really liked the fb app. Big thumbs down.
Not that awesome but still works
You have to download messenger
Nice
Nice
The news feed lags now! Videos suck!
mat kelate bodos
Good social connection!
Why do they gotta have access to all my personal stuff? Mind your business Facebook dbags.
My fb contact not able to apdate in phne contact
Facebook
But need night mode ..which helps to android user in saving battery.
Force close.. please fix..Thankyou
Facebook
by jamali
Very nyc app...
Time waste app
nsa
Sucks
Its a good app but little bit slow.why i can't see the old post not less than 1 day
The new messenger features are great, but I don't want to have to download a whole new app for it? It takes up way too much data and I think it's bullshit we are being forced to download something that should just be apart of the Facebook app it's self. Do something about this.
Gudd
Boosie
Great improvements. Keep it up
Awesome thanks
Good
Facebook is starting to suck! Big time
About to uninstall..

Mithilesh
Great
fasebook
Air Push Ads? Now I'm really done with Facebook. I've done the research and determined Facebook is absolutely the source of the annoying push ads that have made my phone unusable. I've attempted the opt out from the ad network with no success. Dissapointing Facebook.
Kanpur
Awesome app
Why the hell news feed is not updating :@
WTH? You have to have 2 apps for Facebook now? Not a smart move. I have emailed concerning this matter and guess the users don't have a voice. Guess Google+ is going to become the top rated social network and taking Facebook's place. Everyone complain and flood their servers with demand for simplicity and user-friendly interface!
I'm just about ready to delete my facebook just for the simple fact that we have to download a stupid messenger app, you guys take enough phone storage, why make it more difficult it can't be that hard to go back to the way it was t(-_-t)
Sankar
Inch given, mile taken. Rediculous. Court squashed you huh?
Facebook is alright, but I think creating a second app for messaging is the most retarded thing when it used to be available  on this one app. I refuse to download it. Sorry Facebook, but my phone already has an app for sending and receiving messages...it's called text messaging
But hang on my mobile
Why  ..do I need ...to have ...two ..apps ....when ..the . Work ...is .done ..by .one .    On .the . .previius version ..messing is ..allowed ..then ..why ..now ...u r .forcing us to use two apps .......   plse ...fix ...this .....I . Rather through   web ..then using ....this ...wasted aap ....sry .....didn't like the new   update. .....
This is the best app
Great app
The app is not working with my android 4.0
What the ****hehehe
Videos usually show a "cannot play video" message when I click on it. I have to click the video multiple times to actually view it or some won't play at all. Sony Xperia Z
Why would you take this functionality away and force me to download yet another app? No thanks
very good
Very nice
New version is much better than older but need more improvement.
Latest update has provided an opportunity to illiterate people to be part of Facebook.  Now a layman can understand it. Privacy ensures their trust. Above all, latest update of Facebook easily runs on every phone and the world is more interconnected now. I'll give 5 stars to it.
More invasive than the NSA with all the app permissions. Plus, what is the point in having it when it always has an error message saying I'm offline. FB updated itself without my consent and now I can't even use it bc it's so jacked up. It has been uninstalled until further notice.
I uninstalled both facebook app and messenger.  Upon reading information about how both apps are needing access to my phone, I decided to uninstall both.  I attempted to login thru the Web browser on my phone and was unable to access fb.  Also, I am not thrilled with number being visible as well as other information made private.  Not acceptable.
Md.amaan
Facebook is great apart from everytime I try to watch videos it keeps saying " can't play due to an unknown error ", it's not just my phone that is doing this as I know other people's that foes the same. Please fix or tell me how to make it work.....
A home screen widget with options to see updates from either friends, pages liked/saved, what's hot, or all would be great!
It's a very good app where we find all the news and funny things It helps to connect people.
Welcome
For removing messages
Nice

When updating a status I couldn't make privacy to single person I wanted to see the status so pls add that function too plssssss ...& add to see other messages archive message n other s too
Well, its official. Facebook still has two left feet.
I w0nder why it takes a minute to load and takes a huge mem0ry.
Too many glitcjes...rather annoying
Social Network
When they start respecting our privacy I will change my rating.
I liked it so much
Nothing compared to desktop site. Can't use when I want to use always shows connection problem when other apps working fine on internet. Crap.... Takes lot of time to load any page.. ultimate flop...
before u can mention the name even u we're not friends, but not anymore!!!! and can't read private message without installing Facebook messenger..
Kolkata
Shouldn't have split.  Now I won't be using Facebook at all
It good on my phone
Super nice app
I cant text any body cause these stupid adds start popping up and I cant cancel them
Good
The app eats too much SPACE and the NEWS FEED is 
Sucks that we have to download an app just to read our messages

Its good working in my s5
Except for the uncountable no.of crashes, rest is good. Wish photos could be uploaded as profile picture in same size as original
Not bad
No cmnt
It isn't signing me in after the last update....  Please fix it fast...
Joann esoy
It not nice
Uninstall. Will use a Bookmark added to my home screen. Stupidest idea EVER!!!!!
Like you
Good
Fun
The
Siip
Highly addicted to the life of others, yet I can't see most of my friends updates, I'm bombarded with pages!
Good
Bad
Ok
Asm app & cul
But Message Technology Is Not There So For That Separatly We have To Download Facebook Messenger.Please,Fix that problem
Beautiful
Cant respond to posts. Pictures wont open and when they do and i ho back it takes me all the way back to the top so i have to constantly scroll down to where i left off . Says there is no data when i have a strong 4g signal and everything else is working. Easier to use the browser than the app. Get your head out of you @$$ Facebook.
I can't believe this app doesn't support replying to people's comments, it's annoying not able to reply!! Please add this feature then you'll get 5 stars. Update----it doesnt let me view all comments its just repeat the comment as I go up. Facebook deserves no stars.
Need I say more?
Very good app
Vasantham
Paras jain Bareja Pragati grup
This app invades my privacy too much. If you go to install, you'll see that they want access to EVERYTHING on your phone.
5
very cool
Good one
It's The Best App 
DAM WHY FORCE US USING FACEBOOK MESSENGER. Its suck app
A pic loads in an hour.....
Disappointed in the app anymore and this latest messenger update...deleting and going thru the web...simply fixed
Recomnendef
Cool
Facebook is <3
Obscenely slow, and regularly force closes
Since update,I can't load newsfeeds.  Always crashes.
Too much control has to be given to fb. No thanks.
The new update is neither faster nor more reliable.
This app sucks.
Satish
Bhote acha ha
This facebook is good apps
Keeps crashing saying not responding and is slow
The best
Stop making me download a message ap
Removing the ability to message (requiring separate app) means your better off using the mobile website
Easyli do every thing
Nice App !
The facebook app of Apple Inc. Is far too better than that of android
I had this app for over a year but after finally reading the list of permissions for it, I deleted it immediately! I like FB for keeping in touch with family, friends & clients, but do not think FB needs access to my private emails, photos, or the ability to record my phone conversations and alter my contact lists. Its my fault for not realizing I'd given FB that much control of my phone. Their full site will suffice! Please take time to read the permissions before installing this (and the messenger) app.
First I have to get another app to get my messages and now facebook freezes up my phone every 5 seconds. Tired of it. Good bye facebook.... uninstalling now.
Keeps trying to load
I don't like that I'm not given a choice if i dont want the fb messenger or not other than that i love the app
none of the videos will play
Very good app
If only there is "0" score or no star, I will give it. Reasons? 1. Mark Zuckerberg is allowing NSA to spy on us as users. 2. In the latest update, it can view our messages. 3. It doesnt have a REAL Privacy. 4. It sucks Im switching to Twitter.                        If you guys are not dumbass enough, I and other users will stay in ypur Social Networking Site.
I cant see my messages if I won't install that stupid facebook messenger!
Nace
The app is good but the main problem is that it takes up too much space please fix it .If it takes low space I'll give sure 5 stars
Great app.
Adik  N
I HATE the messaging forced app!  News feed should always be in cronilogical order.
If I wanted a dedicated messaging app for your service I would be using it and I am not. I will not. Terrible decision. You always give options to customers, not take them away.
Lags a lot and crashes too.
Mast
Best app.!!
Ok i use it alot
They took out or at least hide pretty well the part that was people you may know....I use to like that... =(
more and more
It take much ram
Awesomeeeeeeeee
Facebook

Awsom
It would be nice if I didn't have to force it into most recent stories every time I open it. Also, it sure feels like some things are hidden that shouldn't be.
Get rid of Facebook Messanger
Now I can't send private messages because I don't have the messenger app. That messager app has the right to spy on us! I will not accept anyone watching me through my camera!!!! If you guys don't change it I will be deleting Facebook and will make others delete it right along with me.
I uploaded some photos in my Album and it tagged random people without my consent. And still it has many bugs. Hope you can fix this so I can rate 5
There should be an option to share/send person's profile in a message.
Newsfeed contains posts out of order and from days ago rather than most recent.

Message notifications but no messages... No thanks.
Very very bad app no no no instal
Pathetic performance even on an octa core device. Keep it up
Good
S note
Lovely
Awesome
Best 4 all. Enyoy with yr frnds on line every moment.
I like it
Yes
Saya sangat suka karena mudah untuk mencari teman...lebih banyak...
Facebook
Facebook
Its awesome
Loving it!!
On the best
If it had started as two different apps I could understand it. But to take away messages then solely put it on a separate app, complete dick move. Use your brains people of Facebook and fix this...
Dosnt play videos
good
I do NOT want to download messenger! I do not want to give up control of my phone to an app! I would like to see most recent posts not what YOU feel I should see. This app is just getting worse with each "improvement" update. Goodbye fb app. Uninstall.
Kholke dekhoge ...
Its very slow and keeps crashing on my phone (HTC A310E) but it works... If it would be fixed, i'll give it 5 stars!
Facebook is becoming a Microsoft like bully.
Like this
U have too download 2apps that's stupid
Facebook decided to force its users to get another app to use for messages. I don't have room on my phone for these nonsense games they play with their users.
Fix it >.<  i try so many times but there's nothing happened .. fix it so i give 5 star .
There is nothing wrong with it
I like
What happened to this????when i opened it after a second it will gone!when i click it again,its just the same!!!!pls.fixed it!!!!!i love fb but i cant used it anymore!!!
Agarwall
WTF what makes you think I want to download another app? I can't even have an option not too. So I gave it a try, it was very annoying yo have to delete a stupid icon from my main screen all the time. Then I read about the privacy... Yeah uninstalled asap!!!
Don't even like to give a single star. News feeds are not in order. Can't logout when I am offline. Very slow in loading the news feeds.the size of the app has been doubled to 66 mb.New stories pop-up button also not working.
Your just taking up too many space for my phone ^^ you are not that important to ask and force me to do something that i don't want :)
BT some problem occurs ......
I can't download. I really need it plz fix it. it used to work but today it was deletet and now I can't download it from this crazy update plz fix it
Facebook needs to reduce its MB try making it smaller like twitter .... so older version would also be able t use it at least 10MB
Locked out of my account. Yahoo is garbage, and I can't remember my security questions! I have my number listed why can't I receive a text or call?? C'mon guys, you get rid of that feature? Help please!
Wab
Good
I see no reason to need two apps just to now retrieve my messages. Please leave well enough alone.
Can't even set a preference of latest feeds anymore just the popular. Not that is worked well anyway. No support = crap
I love the app but i hate that i cant just have the recent news feed .
Nyc
:)
DOESN'T even WORK.
Why are posts from others not in chronological order? AND why are the videos starting automatically? I have to access the video and pause them then go back to the newsfeed. Very annoying.
Not only am I forced to use Messenger, but it only launches if I choose New Message.  Clicking on an existing conversation does nothing, as it fails to simply launch the app when "draw on top" permissions are revoked from Messenger.
The app just crash one or two times a day and I don't know why
So good
Forcing me to get an additional app just to access my messages? Ridiculous!
very nice app
Very good
If the news would would stay sorted by most recent I'd give 5
Not too good
Why must Facebook have to be able to do so many things to my phone!?!  People, read the freaking permissions this app needs!  It's ridiculous.
This is useless stupid thing
Still needs improvement
Voice message isn't working, always force closed my FB app. Fix then I'll give you guys a 5-Star.
I dont like it bad apps
Jolhash hossain
Nice apps
Brill fast access to fb
Awsm for New version
I can't sort my timeline by most recent anymore *and* I need to install a second app to accomplish what Facebook handled in-app previously? This is terrible. What's wrong Facebook? Having unfettered access to my demographics data isn't enough? Now you need to mine my phone with this Messenger app for even more? Screw this. This platform keeps getting worse.
I love the old Facebook.. I don't like messanger.. their forsing us to download the apps.. so stupid.. u can't message until u download the apps..
Some time too slow n some time news feed wont load and some time it wont connect to the net
It's very nyc
Awsome
Deleting of conversation requires refresh, not real time. Also, upon opening a message, sometimes a red screen appears.
Facebook is awesome you can chat with friends all over the world
good
It doesn't work
I don't like the new update it always crashed....Error loading newsfeed eventhough lakas ng signal ko
Everywhere lame ads everywhere. Nothing is developing. Everything is getting more worse. Messenger, O.o it just sucks. The previous versions were great. This 1 star was because its portability of access Facebook. I dont think if this goes on you will never get a 5 star.....
Nice
I love it
It's just the tour of.phone i have it closes. But i dislike the desktop also, because in both the app and the site  i see nothing but spam and junk. Most of it is religious stuff and i don't want to see it because i am not a Christian. I do not take a dislike to any one that is but it's the only thing in my news feed. I don't see anything i want to see. No pages i like every show up, maybe once or twice a month they do. I see things from just a few of my friends and the other. Is just junk and ads.
Love feace book
V.nice
Dis app us koolz!!!!
Not good not bad"but It is not installing  and it is just wasting time
The best chat online
It is great
You need to fix the news feed up its shows all feeds from different times, I want most recent and it shows yesterday n couple days earlier... Dont like it at all
I love it......
Why do you need to read my text messages?
excellent
Boy
Kwanjai
Very slow.need to improve
Why cant install it .!! it say package not signed pls uninstall the app and try again even if i uninstall it already   .!! Google . Fix this  .!
This is simply the most pathetic anroid application ever .. Too slow .. searching terrible .. news feed is pain in the head .. Grrtttt
facebook sometimes makes my phone hang.. hate it.. and it can't upload the newest posts of my friends update.. dissapointing.
I cant send message throught fb. Sometime i really hate sending message because no one can receive my mess
Very good site.
Slow slow slow doesn't respond etc
Excellent
Ziaullah ziaullah
Owsm
I absolutely hands down love fb. I have been reunited with friends from 20 yrs ago.Had it not been for fb i would still be searching. Fb gets 5 
Cant message anyone it asking to download messenger
perfect !! but needd more improvements yeah
Saleh
Facebook
Good
Good
Remove messenger :@
Ashokkumar
BHINDER JEET
Good app but sometimes stuck
fuckin 498 error appear
it requires messenger too go to message
It always forces me to close it. Not cool. And the speed is so slow. Rating will go down lower when they start changing the messaging
Facebook
I m downloading it
Good one
P.S. - DO NOT let your brain-trust of "devs" near Oculus Rift!!
Forced to install messenger app which killed 40% of my battery in 2 hours, without using my phone! I think I'll stick to the browser...
Excllent......
speed is slow
Bring messenger back to main app.
Facebook
How about, no. This is my device. Why does Facebook need access to everything in my phone? Why do you need to record audio? I do not need Favebook downloading files to my phone without my knowledge. No thanks, Facebook.
what the heck new feed r not coming frm 1 week error plz wiz it
Memory and power hungry!!!
Supereb!!!
Yes
Force close error...fix this problem.
Huh!
Will not download an app that Facebook is forcing me to. This is a huge in convenience as I send do private messages instead of commenting on friend's posts.
Verry beautiful haha
so much memory
Yes is good apps because simple talk freinds
I like
almamun.bd.
Lush
This is very important for mobile devices and download free all people ae thats friend ship open
Ty to this app now ican communicate my family  :)
bad
because i cannot download it  say an error during app. plss help me .. :(((((and say pls delete of copy of facebook
Disgusting
Functions are so easy to handle and operate.
force install sucks....gonna delete this app and use browser
AWESOME!!!
Apps
Can't upload cover pictures. Hey experiment with some different colors for once besides white and blue.  Change is inevitable!
Awesome
constant changes all the dang time it worked best on the first build
Nijamuddin
I love it...spr app....
Sometime it crash when i try to open it
same
Why do I have to use two applications 've use Facebook.... It starting to look like MySpace one star

I hate this
Load and share
Now the messenger is not optional, so i cant read my messages from facebook app. What do i need it for then?
When someone birthday's notification is coming , when i tap on that , i cant do any thing , new page is just SEE MORE , and i cant say happy birthday to that person ! Please fix that
Nice..but consumes big memory..
Good
All is well
Needs more improvements to reach the browser based fb's functionality. We still can't share something in a private message...
Don't like that you're forcing me too install another app just to read my messages. I choose to uninstall instead.
Happy
Gud
na vdiq m.fb nga netii pupupu
Love it
thik   he
Its slow design
For meet us
More stability needed.
Forcing people to download various apps, like messenger, in order to enjoy FACEBOOK SERVICES that should be provided by FACEBOOK seems to be logical from your respect. Then, uninstalling both apps since being low on storage to begin with should be the answer of your community. There are always web browsers to cover for our Facebook needs.
If the facebook app has built in messenger WHY am I being forced to download an additional app to send & receive messages?!?! Ridiculous...
Just that fast
All good but my FB can't send faces in comments.  ^^
It 's nice
Useful now
It loads vry slwly in 2G... Vryyy slow loading 1star less fr it...
Login not working in nexus5 please fix the bug.
Raja
Thumbs down
Radha swami ji

Cooo
why why?? i have enough memory and sd card?!
It stops responding sometimes
Fix it and I will leave 5 *
All kind of fun all under 1 roof...
I dont know why i find it too difficult to upgrade my Facebook account, even before i was supposed to upgrade it,it has been hell downloading pictures. It hasn't been encouraging.
Stupid app
Face book
Awesome
Hasia
Galaxy s3, fb is getting slower and more buggy then ever. Thanks fb, I guess I have to spend money on a new phone to keep up with the updates?
Best app
I love it !!
Invasion of privacy, ads galore, and lousy interface
Fb is best
I love ma frndz
A+
There should be multi account login option.
Good when it works,trouble logging in
I like f.b...bcz it is very usefull
Isk
The new app desperately seeks for opportunities to switch from "most recent" timeline view to "top stories". I am seriously considering uninstalling it sice i can't view the posts that I like. Only what Facebook wants to show me.
Despite the many inconsistencies that this app has on the mobile, it seems to work great on my tablet. The layout looks mice and clean I haven't had any serious issues so far.
Do easy
Good apps for my Lenovo A580
I love Facebook
The best app is facebook
I would like to know why most recent is not set as default. I am tired of seeing posts from days ago First. I want to see most recent firsts. Notification gone after last update.  I have checked my settings and it they are fine but don't get notified anymore. Why.
I use in samsung galaxy tab2 7.0,,,,pls fix
They made messenger a necessity. .
great with fast
L
Cant play videos keeps on restarting
After a LOTS of update, it is still no good like iphone. Why oh why
I can not download
I must say that I thought that Facebook was doing a great job with it's mobile application. But the add on: messenger just sucks. This application alone takes up more than a 100 mb. This is just sad. I've started to despise this application and might just move to using my browser.
Karan nirmal
High speed
I'm really wondering...when u guys created the app...who from ur developer team had the bright idea to make the news feed like this...to give top stories and not option to change to most recent...when i first opened the app it showed me a story from six hours ago...a lot of my friends are also complaining about news feed... please fix that as soon as possible...otherwise the app is ok...it wotks great...but that news feed is a laugh...
Too bad. What is the heck is wrong in my notification icon, it collapses when opening notifications and not responding all the time. Plz fix it.
I feel Angry with this beacuse it cant download I try but they Have said "code application Iam so anrgy in fb..
I want to be able to monitor two accounts at the same time without having to constantly sign in and out
Verry good app
Intresting app
u cant put pressure on users for installing fb messenger....
After being forced to download an app to communicate with people I see in this app, it turned out useless. Uninstalled and use browser instead!
Too much privacy invasion
Do not wish to use messenger and disappointed i can not stop it for popping up.
Yup
Its great app .. and speed
But sometimes it's hanq and when i upload my pictures...it's slow...i need fast..
Very good software.
I love this
Hope its okey
Kebede
Jaffar
To install this app I have to give you permission to have access to absolutely everything in my phone! Talk about privacy invasion!
My another frnd during my boring time.......
Its NicE app But .....! Its noT showin fulL notifications And somE times dont work create nd stoped
(Y) :)
Facebook
Loved it
Very nice..
Ccccffff
Slow, never shows anything in the news feed until days later & now trying force people to download a messenger app that has access to all of your information!!
It can access my phone numbers my sd card and delete  stuff also they can record your phone conversations.
very good .
Not bad
Vp
i can't log in......help me!!
I like this
It consumes near about 112 mb ram.. Means it sucks battery a lot. Plz reduce the the ram consumption.
Good
Keep it up
this apps is usable in sharing pictures.and many people can be your friends by using this apps........ love it
So good app
psychological. If you want 24th 2F 3,
very nice
To much
Very good
Is the best
Langvbgshz
HATE the update
Fb
Super
Always freez.
Good
So bad !!!!!
It's a great aap
Faisal
Beth
Ok its very useful
I thought updating facebook app is the answer to have a better version but this one its the worst update i ever made!!!
Messages should be standard!
Good
MUTTON KEEMA...
Haven't had any issues with it so far
I love the app I stay in contact with my friends overseas and my husband and its very convenient.
Facebook is forcing Messenger on us. I much prefer the old interface. Why not let us have both and choose?
Good
Apart from the new interface that looks like the iOS,  which is really awesome.  But I would really want the photo filter options similar to the iOS as well.
I don't like new version
Nice app^^
Useless now without chat
good
Every time I open my Facebook it kicks me out!! So tired of this!! Always says Facebook is not responding..always crashing, please fix this I'm left waiting holding my phone waiting on Facebook.can't even scroll down newsfeed without it freezing.as soon as I touch the screen!!!I think it's causing problems with candy crush too cause it kicks me out too!!! Please FIX
Great
Nice
i am dont like it.. bikin yang baru dong
Madhymik
Even after reinstalling several times it won't run:-(
Amazing
Its taking to much mb nearly 60mb pl fix this problem so thats y am giving 4*
I love fb
Niswath
Shifali
I can t check my messages from it. This two apps thing is the stupidest thing
Who was the brain damaged person who miraculously thought that if you would force people to download another app just so they can read a freakin fb message, they'd be so happy about it and download it instead of uninstalling both of them.let me give you an advice, first of all, fire that deranged one who came up with idea and if you would like people to use fb app again, stop coming up with literally garbish ideas
Freinds
Combine messenger with this app and add the option of making most recent the default setting. Both have to happen before i get the app again.
Facebook Messenger is the reason I deleted this app!
Nice app is best
I don't care
Best
Amazing
I really love this app, so good and faster by clicking.
wow i love th face pook:-)
It is unfair to use two apps for fb.
Nice
Typing....
Very heavy even on  a device with 1gb ddr3 ram
Nicee
Kozaw
Good
Good
All Arround The World wide. Its no. 01....))))))
Awesome. The new newspaper thing sucks. Update works wonderful.fast and just the best thank God u got rid of privacy settings on side by your profile it was just stupid
I cant update ... Why??...!!! Tsk ..
I hate it since it necessary  download messenger to chat.. then why should we download this I can't understand it !!!
All people can feel that.
Very slow always hang up
You just make your own product to be hated more whenever there are new updates. No custom privacy while posting via mobile version, no setup for the new feeds as it used to be (top stories or most recent), and moving personal profile from left to right is just stupid? What does that do any goods anyway? Oh, also the crap about I have to get the messenger app to see messages from my friends, what is that? Those are my personals messages, and I will look at it in the way I want, not in the way you force us to
Easy to chat
Wanna force crappy apps on me im removing this one too
Ujval billowria
Tnx
Total crap.. I want to see whats happening now, not 3 days ago..
Excellent app
This app no longer allows you to read your messages anymore, and forces you to download another app in order to do so which requires access to nearly every permission on your phone. This is ridiculous and Facebook is not to be trusted. This is the last straw for me. I'm deleting this app and I recommend you do as well. Don't let Facebook pull stuff like this and get away with it.
Dinesh gowda
In Facebook 3 options like comment share, I want dislike is must option that people can see how Mich people dislike one think as well this is very good to improve Facebook
I don't want to download Facebook Messenger for God's sake :/
A lot smoother when used on a less powerful device (Moto G) and seemless when used on a higher spec device (HTC G8). Flaws are few but one to note is the ability to remember context when returning to the feed page from, say, a comment page.
Dope!!
never worked fast......crappy crass....
Randomly stops working and have to force close it. Absolute pants.
sa njid roy
I wish I could select pictures easier
Good.
I love......the app....
Needs to be updated 4stars for now
Okk
Really annoyed you're forcing messenger on us. I refuse to install thus the review here. I've even paid for advertising on Facebook never again.
Thank you
Basura Linti Fa-Q Dev! Why update and have to work with messenger, mssging here b4 was already fine, why still have to get messenger?? Faaaa-Queue!!!
Good
Turnoff notifications does NOT turn off notiffications !
you forced me to download messenger, I've been receiving more game invites, many more adverts, I'm done with Facebook, tried to uninstall it all, but it still says update or open, you have ruined what used to be a great social network
this app so much
Love
Ti slow sometime make for me a bit fast...thank u
But it always logged
I love it !!
Coool
Bad
Facebook
Performance is slightly better but way too much caching! A sub 24MB app with 200+ MB used on phone, that too when I hardly update pics or videos, seems like my data and network is being used to build a database. I can't think of much else. Uninstalling and using your mobile website.
Ace
Lama
Get ducked
I like .....it.
Sanjay ji ga
Stupid to force me to use 2 apps when I've always been able to use 1. So much for streamlining
Now with less functionality. Install tinfoil
Asdfghjkl
I like it. So much .I love facebook. Cool
Grat
I dont like the new update recommending the FB messenger -_- uninstalling
Bad working and automatic hack this apps
Liked it but high storage when i install fb then my phone internal memory storage space running out :(
Very Good. Best social app.
why should i download the msger. it make my device full
Popular
Can't install not enough space...
Every update is useless
New settings are good
Its so beautiful because it makes friend with others
Blu studio 5.0
This apps is __________!
Lot of fun
Nice
Too many permissions requested which have nothing to do with the app
very nice application but not awesome its just a good
C m G
Good
I like the most
3
Another app for messenger? Hate it..
Good app for facebook
Bagus Benar
Easy to chat..
Good
nurmal
Use your android browser's to work around facebooks messenger settings. Click "request desktop site" to prevent Facebook from gathering all your text message data and phone conversation audio data. This way you can still read messages from your friends without Facebook listening to your phone conversations. Good try, mark zuckerberg. Good game, no rematch #newb
its good ok well done its more faster now
hi, i have a lower version of android, but i cant seem to move this to my sd card? help.
W9ooooooooow
Slow app...
Poor for this apps, forcing you install another fb message application for continuing for your message.. Too much space.. I WILL USE FAST FACEBOOK APPLICATIONS, NOT THIS ONE
Not bad
Its eady
not good
Why I Cannot played video???
I'm looking for a way by which I can command the showing of my publication by people,  I mean,  only me who permet such people's to see my publication
Doesn't have an option to send messages. It was removed in favour of FB messenger. Removing from my phone and going back to text, call, email. FB went too far this time.
So so good
thanks FB
This app is awesome
Facebook
oh !!no !! it was really amazing
App performance is good but hoping you could do something with the privacy. It'd be better if you could manually select the people, individually, you wish to hide your posts from.
Good
Loved it
I like it v.much
507062
Who doesn't love Facebook?
Jony
Plz provide options for editing account information as was in previous version
GET RID OF THE FB MESSENGER APP!!!!! That's my only complaint!
Good
I don't want messenger but this app forced me to have it. So only one star or else it deserves 5 star.
Good
It is now extremely laggy!
Always people likes facebook
wtf
Goodd...
Nice platform
Not as good as it used to be simply because it removed the messaging feature from this app and made it a standalone app, pointless.
So good app
faxol
Ok
Facebook
usefull
Awareness
I takes alot of space but really good to use
After new update its much slower on my pages loading photos loading and my page loads slower if it even work at all for me...And that MASSAGER I CAN'T GET OUT OF MY PHONE APP'S NOW. WHAT'S UP WITH THAT  IT'S NOT A BUILT-IN APP.
OMG
New update sucks the big one... Notifications DO NOT show up, images notifications on the home page DO NOT show up. Im getting notifications for messages ive already read and my wall keeps jumping back up to the top of the list when im scrolling thru all the posts.   When i first got my Desire HD 6 months ago this app was flawless now with all of Facebooks grand updates its USELESS!!!!! Whats th point of tracking your conversations/postings if the notifications WILL NOT SHOW UP TO SAVE THEIR LIFE.  FIX IT!!
The new version changes the privacy setting. I can see other people's post and comment without 'friend' with them.
Very heavy. ...
only for time paas  ! !
I can't logging in using my tablet. Help me to log in again pls
It helps me in touch with my best frnds who r abroad
Good
Nice
Good app really love it                            .
nice
Very fast but more usege memory     plese minimum mb usuing app from rock star
I like facebook
Computer
Wander full
:)
Very very
Can't see my msg thru dis app. Not fair that we have to run two separate apps just to read msgs
I refuse to be forced to download another app to check my messages. No thank you.
K
I love it
Ketnarong
monil bodana
Awesome
No messenger
Jobless
Hi !!!!
Kumar
I wonder how can a bunch of developers paid by one of the richest company in the market be making such a poor app... Incredibly slow, frequently unable to connect the network, unreliable for notifications, sync contacts simply not working, disappearing comments... shall I keep going?
Nice app
Good way to find people you ain't seen since skool
The app had come a long way since the beginning. Now that android is successful, Facebook inc seemed to think they can now do as they please with our data. The app has far too many permissions. For those privacy conscious users out there, look up tinfoil for FB.
919
Ok
So many issues with this app. It's big, invasive, syncs badly, is slow... uninstalling now.
Like facebook .
gudd
Nice graphics  what's their not to like has some  problems
Sucks
Mohan
Want to upgrade
Suck.. uninstall the update..coz it always logged for forclose apps..pls kindly fix it up..
very slow bad
Very good
Why massage not work. I can't open it in FB APP.  Solve this problem otherwise we uninstall FB App.
Jilla yogesh
Fix it. I cant do anything at all. Frozes all the time, not responding etc...
But want to ensure for faster
919
Mahesh Goyal
Need I say more?
Simply awsome
Very  Nice
The update is just useless..this new update does not show images..this app is becoming useless day by day.
Good
Good
I always go to inbox but can't  see my message!!!!   It always says to download messenger!!  Plz fix it!!  I dont want to install messenger!!!  4 stars instead i would give 5 coz i hate messenger
Why do i need to install messenger again?
Want rid off app on mobile devices and I can press un install and it won't it just stays their and says update
Error all the time!
Why have upgrade my facebook when something new comes around on facebook because that is or downloading messager from facebook i don't that much space on my phone to put facebook messager anyway and stop being so lame and fix these upgrades to facebook ok. Fix all these little bugs on facebook ok
hppy
Great it freezes allot
You force us to install extra apps just to message people. You use our information for your own gain. There's absolutely NO REASON why you need some of these permissions and the only reason why you would want them is so you can mine our information for your own gain. You DO NOT have my permission to gather my information or read any data on my phone. Facebook needs to stay enclosed on itself and stay OUT of other phone functions.
Keep in touch with family and friends
This is good....it's may cause of harm
Its Great App. Easy to use & more simply than using on laptop. Go for it !!
Nice....but keeps on updating every time
Fantacist facebook
Fix!!!
I love it
If facebook will make a way to lessen the space used for the app that'd be great. I would also give a five star rating if u do dat
no words
Good app but those people are ghantas whos hack id
Absolutely a great app
I am giving an extra star only because of how'd long I have been using Facebook. But seriously! Why isn't my feed automatically set to show most recent. I don't care if a post from four days ago has more activity than the post from an hour ago! If I had seen the post four days ago it may have been worth my responding to it at that time! This is getting stupidly frustrating! Also, I am NOT downloading a separate app for messaging! What sort of idiocy is that?!
Taking   much  time  to  download   it.....
Loved it
Cool app
I love it
Knpa tdk te hantar ke telefon saya, saya mohon tolong hantarkan ke telefon saya...
remove the facebook messager
Very nice
It till it all freezes make it stop plz
Little more than a billboard these days.
Best for teenpatti
Working properly
thanks sa facebook na kita ang ibang family ko
Liked it
It helps people communicate other people with internet.
Verry good
Very gud qlty
For the messenger....gaaaayyyyy
488
Think its really bad they force u to install there messenger jus to look at ur post!
However, it would not be good to be able to share things "In a Private Message" as well, but also receive Push Notifications to your device for Comment Likes.
Imain browser se chalata tha but wo bahut slow tha andvthis has brilliant faculties
I love this apps I like it
Great!
Nice
Good
Having major problems updating my status via Facebook Mobile, iv reported it twice to Facebook but no feedback. Its been nearly 2 weeks+when I tried to entre my number after I removed my number it said I was going to be blocked if I didn't Slow Down. I'm so cheesed of+confused I give up with Facebook.
Star
Won't let me tag please sort this out
This is my daily entertainment
Ok
Awesome
It is very impoetant  thing for  social networking side and we are also connect. I love this app and you
Thank you for this app.I'll give you 3stars.

A goood app
Ghazi T
Ahmedabad
Worst app in Android consumes more than 100 MB RAM now without messenger. Facebook must hire some good programmers, even amature  company makes better app than this. No need fb team to visit Africa to make it light read the reviews
Superb working for all mobilians
Nice
This is great
Loved it
Me Boo
It's world's best app I love u
Please fix this crap it doesn't alows to open messages and forces to download the messsenger!!
Good
why when i wont to online whit this apps just for 3min my phone go Restart automaticly....? pls gv ur feedback TQ..... there old version its work fine but this i don know why like this :(
N
Very good aap loving it
Niu
Everytime i open my inbox ,alway appear the words install facebook messengeror down load apps ...i really hate it,i dont like facebook messenger
It is good bt nt speed
Facebook
Excellent app , joins families and lost friends together.
Awsome
Great apps
great apps...
Asghar rind
who
Goog mannig
Uugghhh I can't open it!!! I have to download the fb messenger for me to see my messages!!!
Helpful App
Awsm
nice
What can isay!!!!!its best
I'm loving it
This app is a piece of crap.  Doesn't work just locks up. Come on get this stupid POS fixed
I have Galaxy Y, withp gingerbread OS and it is slow.....
Video upload can't getting on this app
Bullshit!!
Nice aapp
Terrible on GS5. chat barely works. Stop bugging me to install Facebook messenger, I dont want it!
Are you f*cking kidding with permissions? What about privacy?
It's good.
Why won't update pls.fix pls.
Wonderful keep it up
I hate to say but its not working on my phone
Ulala
When my account is already open then it'll not responding . -__-  That's why sometimes I cannot upload pictures .
The worst app I've ever used has become even worse by requiring a separate bloated app to do the simple yet important function of sending a message. Uninstalled
i like fb
Superb
Kalthum bayz
Good
Loving this app.
Good app but very slow
Manaia le lagi
It's a wow for all of fb user
A lot of bug in this new update.
Cannot see recent post first...it shows older posts in newsfeed
Tells me when I get messages, but doesn't let me read or reply. Uses a lot of memory too.
Make me feel happy & it is easy
Nice
This app s**t
I hate Messenger ,,,,,,,,,, I don't chat with Messenger plzzzx improved it fast
Doesn't load
Super Softwere but messenger instilling is 2much boring
Facebook best book
I hate this application needs improvements
Against FB messanger
Facebook, I used to love your app. It was amazing. Everything was in one nice, useable application. I could check messages, browse feeds, and see what everyone else was doing... did I mention I could check messages? What you've done is horrendous and I absolutely REFUSE to support it. No wonder no one has faith in the technologies you attempt to bring us. Suddenly I'm reminded of your failed phone project, oh, and while I was going to give you the benefit of the doubt I'll just throw out the idea that the Oculus Rift is going to be any good. Seriously, you don't deserve the ratings you're getting on Google Play right now. If it weren't for the fact Google Play cumulatively organizes its ratings it'd be much lower than it actually is and you know it. Until you can show that you actually care about your users' opinions and realize the mistakes you've made in moving messages over to another application I will NOT change my rating.
I should have NEVER updated! Can't see most recent and it takes up more space now. I may just uninstall and not look at fb on my phone anymore, I'm so disappointed!
I love you this apppppppp
Eat so much mobile data

l
Facebook is still available
Add more friends
Awesome
Tis app is good but it takes too much of space n slow my ram i using samdung tab 4 even though my tab is moving slow of tis app plss fix it
The best app really

Cool
DO NOT USE.
I won't install the messenger app it has too many permissions and i don't trust you that much!! If you are going to force me to install it in gonna remove the fb app itself and use the browser version instead!
Galing galing
Why dose tis app need to be looking at my sms? And ALL personal info? CIA. NSA. The new message app sends all tis data to "3rd parties". Do not deny this. It is a fact. You have sent personal data onto them before. Free world, sure you support freedom, as long as a gun is held to my head.
Since they removed the ability to access messages from the app, now it's easier to just use the mobile website instead, which gives you full access to the service without requiring excessive permissions on your phone and draining your battery by running in the background.
:) very nice app..
Fk....so slow to open.....better upgrade it la
Good
Best
Iloveit
Excellent
Bad app ever used in life... with error occur always by saying internet connection...with slow speed after every update....
nice1
Shesh
Thanks
If it wasn't for the integrated contacts functionality, I wouldn't even have this app.
I have this app on my Samsung galaxy s4 it is running very slow and hanging my cell phone please update this app....
Don't mind but OK
Shouldn't have made FB Messenger a compulsion
Good for chating friends
Your crazy messenger app idea is forcing me to delete the main app. How dare you hold us hostage over our messages in order for a privacy invading, rectal intrusion of an app like FB messenger to be our only option for messages. If it's not sorted in a month, I'm off FB altogether.
Good but make hang
Love it
Keeps force closing & out of 400-500 friends only about 5 ever show in newsfeed. Wth? And those are 24 hours old!!!!
Oh, why do I have to be forced to use the childish facebook messenger app just to access my messages?
Please scroll down to the very bottom where it says "view details" under "permissions". Do you feel like giving up all that privacy for this app? They can see all your texts, contacts and anything else saved to your device. They also can record anything being said over the phone and all conversations. Who knows what they would use that information for. I'm deleting the app and so should you. Plz ppl be smart
Too large, too annoying with all the contraints and permissions
Stop forcing us to use messenger app. Not happy
like like like ^^
Application force to install messenger.. Its not good feature ...The Good. application only suggest ,not force to install other related app ..developer  must be consider this thing in next update...
Hire another ui designer
Nice!!**
Facebook ur new technique to force people to download ur messenger is too irritating that I and my lots of friends have stop using this app..... Plz fix it and allow to chat through app directly without messenger... Our fb usage have retarded to 50%..
Good
:)
Really upset for being forced to move messeges to the messenger ..why dont you respect the user needs !!!
This app be cracking like chapped lips
Awesome
Ahmad
Facebook
The fact Facebook is forcing us to use the messenger app is ridiculous. If somethin doesn't change I will no longer have Facebook! Also, news feeds suck and notifications don't come in till way after they're done!
Best app ever
Full 5 star.... great app
Why do I need a separate app for my messages? Isn't that TEXTING?!  And why is it that now I don't have the option to make my news feed full of most recent instead of top stories? Idk how they pick those but me and FB can't seem to agree on what needs to be seen. Actually we really don't see eye to eye on anything at all. This app is awful. And on second thought? Consider yourselves deleted.
...thanks...
Facebook
It's lovely
Dev
:)
786600
What's with the messenger thing huh? Why do you mandate all facebook users to download it..? Are you trying to get into my phone? This is bull! I hate you... One more wrong move for an update and I will shift to google+! Im fed up. Updates should make it easier for the users, but you are all doing it the other way! You are making it a mess!
My phone always full memory whenever i open fb and also very slow. Please fix it.
Good app
-100 stars for this app. Downloaded this yestrday nd today my memory card is corupted. Jst hate this app
It's too slow and won't load half of the pictures. Also it takes up too much space on my phone and I don't like the fact that you have to have a different app for messaging which is another 11mb I'm very disappointed
I CAN'T TO DOWNLOAD THIS APPLICATION.. WHAT I WILL DO? ALL MY APPLICATIONS I uNSTALL I DELETED ALL.. BUT I CAN'T TO inSTALL THIS.. PLEASE HELP ME.. I WANT THIS APPLICATION COZ I TRY IT BEFORE.. NICE TO USED IT..
I CANT INSTAL THIS APP
Are you Facebook programmers slow or just plain thick ?? Since update i cannot see my own 'about' section. Every time things start to settle another update happens and it all falls apart AGAIN !!!!!!!!!! How do you give yourself a 4.0 when everyone seems to have problems ??
Nice app connected all over the world
Cant see messges in facebook,need to install messenger to see the mesaages :@ waste of space for another stupid app messenger just to see mesaages.
Very goog
j
Nice
I'm unable to watch videos on my timeline. If i click on the video it's closing the app. Please help me.
I'd love to rate the fb app higher and would have if it wernt for the forcing of the messenger app. It takes up way to much space and crashes constantly. You need to do something about it this is bs and I will gladly delete both apps if it is not put back to the way it was. Most my friends have already.
Facebook
Fb
no log
This app after update slow & flick
Good
I like this app. But This app not full screen on my phone. I don't understand it. Please help !
Bullshit
No messages viewed from this app you need fb messanger and give your phone to them
Grt app
New update of facebook is incredible.The new look is very interested
Worst app ever
It sucked
love
I'm not a fan of the new news feed or the fact that you literally force me to download your stupid messenger app just to talk with my friends. Honestly that's bullshit
Forcing m t download messenger now ...that ..sucks..
I installed it then,when I wanna open it. I have to wait for the"setting up Facebook". I waited until now it still like that!!. So slow! I can't access this app seriously!!!! Try to fix it and I'll give u more stars!!!
Pointless Now !!! The last update you can't see most recent post only the top post, you can't customize who you want and do not want to see your post only pubilc, friends, & only me tab. It has this dumb thumbs up button in place of the send button when msging ppl, idk who came up with that but it does nothing but cause confusion & now you have to download a messenger just to reply to fbook msg... Whoever the developers are need to be fired because these updates are irrelevant & is f*cking everything up
Each update just makes me hate Facebook, and now you make us download a completely different app to continue messaging? Bring back ALL of our "most recent" news feed and reintegrate messaging and you might keep my business.
112mb & now comes another useless app...what else you want from us...
Last upgrade comment  I CAN'T EVEN OPEN APP????? are you thinking? No service!
Good1 my life. ...tx fb
Nice
Literally only used it for chat, now that they moved that out its basically useless.
Nama saya kamini I love you
Kannur
It takes to much space
Why force close on android
News feeds are not in order. Can't logout when I am offline. Very slow in loading the news feeds.the size of the app has been doubled to 66 mb.
It force closes all the time on my Huawei Premia 4G
Abcd
So to talk to people i have to download messenger and NOT use any other app. Get real no one likes the messenger
Gj
Brill but need to update to often and take up more space...
Decent and useful, no more bugs nor strange behaviour. However, in recent editions something called Camera Roll has become the only option to find the pictures to post from the App. This is quite annoying and inconvenient.
Facebook gets 1 because it takes absolutely forever to start up every time I want to look at it, they've said in what's new , " improvements for speed and reliability" utter rubbish!  Further more it now don't even pick up our wifi and we are fully connected, keeps coming up "error" poxy, updates needed! ! But even then after updates there will be something else to complain about. Shite!
Awesomeness
Everyone expected much more from Facebook, it just eats up all the ram, news feed don't show recent, liked page's post's don't show. Such a disappointment.
Very avg
Igibriikheik
Killa
Takes up too much space... far too many permissions.... need chat app.... always runs like dirt.... and still no fixes in sight... removing the app and using the web based version now. Way to go development team...
Clear
Y update a application with NO IMPROVEMENTS?! Again!!!! Five days later another update..this is stupid!! No changes..
Forced me to install messenger and i hate it.
Its really a excpectional app and fantastic!! Well done!!
I dont like how you cant directly go back to feed from messages and I can find how to organise my feed by most recent instead of most popular
Awesome
Yeah
Why force us to waste space downloading an app just to read messages. Pathetic. Facebook has gone to far this time.
New Verizon Facebook
When I took pictures in Nikon D5300 it gives crystal clear clarity, but when I upload the pic to fb the clarity of the the pic gets dam decreased.  Please fix this defect.
Salam
Like it
Soufiane sabote
The best way to keep in touch with your family and friends
App
Ausom
Worst ever....
Nice
Probably because of the automatic download of videos ends up consuming too much data. This is a problem when I'm not connected to WiFi, so I need to limit my use in these situations.
It was.  Shares too much personal information.  The messenger app is worse I will never download it.
Lets me talk to my friends and families
downloading is very slow
Minlove
Awexome
No  wt
I don't like the new screen that opens,, it's to difficult to get bk to main screen. Bring old one bk. Nothing new still sucks
Love it. I keep in touch with my family and friends!
Ultimate social media ever!
Its is too snow went openning
karlo download ta chalao facebook
I just love it it's awesome
Not so good
It's great
1 )Not very happy about the privacy settings...why would you need to access my phone contacts...microphone..and photos?!! 2) it REALLY bugs me that I can't ' copy ' anything off facebook....simetimes I like someone's status but there are a few things I would edit before sharing....I can fo it on my laptop but on the phone I can't. ..dont get it?
Too much
I hope this is good working
Good
If I didn't have it I'd go nuts. Since I am addicted to it, I'm nuts
its very very  nice. I love it.
I
It's good but theres a news feeds and when im opening this apps its loading so long ! please update this :)
Dammnn so slow,
My news feed isn't loading no more, keeps saying 'trouble loading news feed' is this happening to anyone else?
Good but a time sucker. Too many of the games require neighbors which I don't do. Need games you can play without neighbors or buddies. And now a separate messenger? Really? Does it need to be separated? I think not.
Doesn't work on Galaxy S2 running ICS :-(
With the last 2 updates this app has just plain sucked. Slow, incorrect linking and now the option of screen rotation is gone? Really? Uninstalling update. Have new phone and this app is still pretty crappy. News feed is constantly behind by days and is rarely up to date. Scrolls randomly. Get it together FB!
Superb
FB.... Sweet B
I loved it.... I m using this app on my moto g....its working brilliantly......
Love it addicted lol
Jazz a almacin
345678
I'm fed up with seeing the same posts when I log in twice when there have been other posts meanwhile or seeing a good morning message from the previous day at 12am. Please add the option to have the most recent news feed and group posts as a permanent feature.
I like this application  because whenever I download my pictures it is very fast than on the facebook on the browser.
Madarass
Hate it...
Lot's off  new friends you can finds
Wtf.it updates bt when there is time to install it shows error.please solve it
Why do you need to take pics and audio without permission?
Nice
Loved it ...
This is good app but very slow
this app doesn't work on slow net. while other apps or browser works on the same net speed..it needs fast net that is costly. so this app is manhga
Req....Fesebook Opreter............Plz....Ad...1 More Option..Unlike...
Holedip
Very good app of Facebook, if you could search by album when trying to post a picture comment it qould be even better. Another improvement would be to have back the Most Recent as default in the news feed.
Unlike sms, i don't want to always see notifications from fb. It's a past time, nothing urgent.
Thank you.
Very slow like a f** turtle
It keep geting slower and slower
I ve some problem on new version. .. in image reloading
Supper
Why are the comments always so negative oh yea because you guys hate yourself and so you fell like putting other people down i have a crappy phone and it works just fine why dont you guys just stop and get a life
So I deleted it.
Screw you Facebook. No privacy whatsoever
Please stop the updates.and one more why we have to download messenger for chat?That not fair
Like
News feed realy sucks
After the recent update the pics just won't upload.
919
I love this app
For 2months now
Nc
It will not let me watch any videos. Anyone else having issues with this
Dislike that you don't allow most recent apps to show first. Dislike that privacy settings don't allow me to keep certain post targeted to a selected group and only available to those I want to see it. Can't block the option to have photos shared. Plus and this is why you get the one star, the constant reminder to download messenger. Sorry my privacy is worth more then a app. I will use the browser to check out fb from now on.
Greate experience anywhere
Not digging the change over to the messanger app. I'm rooted so I am going back to a previous version.
UPDATE : Why the hell do I now have to install messenger? Screw this, plus, Now this POS program won't update news.  Ughhhh.  Also, Dont bother installingon a tablet.  Cuts off half the photos. Wish i could give a negative number. Its like they are going out of their way to suck. Samsung Tablet  Old:Facebook has completely screwed up their interface. It takes forever to load or refresh. Most times it can't expand profile pictures, or it hangs altogether.  Samsung 3 rooted
Facebook
Life is good
Hi i miss and love my family so much and jame
Should have option to keep it on Most Recent instead of Top News. It's a pain to have to switch over to Most Recent every time...
Ytterbium
Yea it ok to use and u can find new friend
Ma bored tacos
I don't know what's going on, but I can't watch clips or videos or whatever they are called on here, but gets me mad cause I'm missing out on a lot that my friends post
I keep downloading with each new phone
I refuse to download messenger and now I can't talk to some of the people I keep in contact with on facebook. Facebook should allow messaging without having to download messenger
Be
Love6
New looks and "improvements" don't necessarily mean improved. And after the latest "update," I'm not sure those who write this stuff even use their own app. Seems every update draws the user's focus away from the app's purpose in order to relearn how to use it. Getting worse and worse. Can't live with it, can't live without it. Latest update forces my notebook's screen to rotate when I select Photos on someone's main page. Why? Now, FB Messenger is separate and adds another 13 Meg to internal memory. Grr.
I don't want a different app just for my messages.   That is stupid
I like
crashing
He songs
Fast app
Good
cool
Good app
not bad. i hate havin to log in online for things the site does but the app doesnt, tho
Fun n easy
Bring Back News Feed Sorting I would like to the most recent posts vs. Top posts...
Love this
Also why are you forcing messenger app???? I refuse to hand over my phone for your message feature that I never use. FAIL FACEBOOK.
Make me install messenger hey? How about I uninstall everything FB instead?
Nice
When I am catching up on my news feed. The page will randomly take me back to the top of the screen.
Wow
Spencerking
Great
Awesome
Fast load!
Force me to install another app just so I can see my messages? FAIL. I'm uninstalling this app. ASAP
I am nearly ready to leave Facebook and boycott because of its privacy issues. Do we really NEED to use this in our lives?
I love this app
So very good function.
I have had issues using this since i got it
Is the greatest social media around
Its cool
I refuse to download a separate app just to message people. Its stupid and messaging was just fine on the FB app. If its not put back I'll probably delete the app all together because its just about useless to me now
Nice
Very good
I hate the changes
Wowing & amazing
Why cant I watch any videos??
Love this app!!!
Why the hell do we need o download another app to use 1 thing? So fking stupid. I will not download messenger.  total bullshit.
So simple and easy and assume.
Aweeeesome!!! Addicting!!
All is well
Update is corrupted. Have to go to someone's page to like their status instead of liking it in the feed. Edit 8/8/14. I've uninstalled your messenger and app. You don't need the permissions you require. And you're not getting them. ~ an IT professional
Lucky  for me
Facebook needs to stop updating all the time! Takes up too much space. FB should allow sending messeges without installing the messenger app. Really takes up much space and uses most of my ram.
Very nice
Syok
I like apps
Have to download messanger??? Why??
Sr med rep
Lije me
This app suck and it tried to make me download messager app which spies on your phone for the government
You need too many permissions and access to stuff you don't need..you can't upload video or look at your video's from the app which any other social media app can do...This app has turned to garbage...Google+ looks better and better for the mainstream...
All was fine untill you people decided to  force everyone to download that stupid messenger app, which is taking up hell lot of space, as well as slowing everything down to crapper. Plus FB is outplayed. You guys are old, and the constant updates aint helping ur case. Especially when you are trying to force us to download some additional crap, that no one needs! Goodbye Facebook app, you will not be missed
It works great
Ever since the last update it keeps crashing after like 5 minutes.
I cant look into my messages because I got to download the Messenger app and it takes up to much space in my phone !
Hate having to select to see most recent every time I'm on.
Seem to take a good bit of memory. Please fix so it won't take so much memory off phone.
Supper cool aap but it takes too much space
So sick of Facebook zombies. And now the forced messenger.  Uninstalling
Seriously, now I have to install messenger to see messages. Not gonna happen, I already have too many messengers in my phone ...
I don't like having to download another app just to message people. It's a waste of time. I liked just scrolling down my news feed then messaging people back all on the same app. Now I would have to switch from app to app.
Was fine until i updated it.  Slow wants to close constantly, can't post, share. Not good!
I really like this app.
Bad update
Yay
(y)
It's always lagging. Take a long moment to open fb. I love fb but this app us a crap. Fix it. And please add a pages feed so we can see latest update of pages we liked.
I only gave this one star so i could give my review.   Facebook can suck it.  I shouldnt be forced to download a messenger to use when what I had was already working fine.  Maybe facebook should listen to their users and get a clue.  We dont want your new messenger.   And I shouldn't have to download it yo read my old messages.
The latest update sucks. Every time I comment it skips down the news feed.
great
fan
the news feed is sucks.. i just see some posts are had beed updated for a days ago..
U
I don't like the fact of the new messenger
It's easier than using Chrome on this, that's for sure
Good very good
Aliv
Attt
Face book
I'll give you five star if you fix some potential delay's and lag's.
Guys no text copy. . .it is big problem for me.  . . .!!
Works a lot better haven't had a problem with the app in a while.
No comment just it is very good for me
It's always getting closed by itself
This app is a scam. They can access anything and everything in your phone. Bull crap and it should be illegal.
Give me my privacy
Thank you for fixing some pictures yet still massage id something don't understand and its still hard find my likes and sometimes the posts don't load right
Facebook
I love Facebook!
Can't upload pictures for some unknown reason. Really hating it...
Cant message my friends.
Its not so good as expected some picturs videos not properly opend and links not suppoted
It crashes continuously, I can't even access the app 98% of the time. With each update it gets worse not better! Really thinking this app has to go...
When I visit a link and return to Facebook I am taken back to the top of the feed,  very annoying.  Also I can't  block game requests,  I have three  games consoles so playing with a saga is not on my agenda. And I can't edit the description of an album if it is misspelt
I don't like the fact that you forced me into downloading messenger and when someone message you their face pops up on your home screen  why didn't they just keep the Facebook logo at the top of the homescreen
I dont want it :( The app also takes so much space...
I dnt like that u have to have messanger just to see and write in the inbox
Facebook
Force closes alot, i cannot check in!
Latest permissions are disturbing
I have absolutely no intent of having the messenger app so facebook you better put my messages back here
It freezes when I scroll past a video
The messenger app has a host of privacy concerns. This app is fine if you don't need messaging.
Good
I'll keep my phone thanks Facebook
T
don.t force me for the messenger
Bring back the in facebok app option!!!
Good!
Great app fast Facebook I tried n sucks wish u could chose a layout without adding  app tho. Change when ur in a convo to upload only one pick .
I wish Facebook Home was available for Nexus 5
Yea
I don't like the fact that when you take pictures or someone sends you a picture in a text it automatically uploads to your album on facebook. If l wanted it on facebook l would put it there. I don't like it automatically being put on facebook. Some stuff is private!!!!! Also l don't use the messenger but now we are being forced to because facebook wants to get rid of emails. There's a reason l don't use the messenger!!!!
Videos and vines not playing on the app. Message saying there has been an error. Very annoying i have uninstalled and reinstalled the app and its still saying the same thing. Other than that everything else works fine.
zeft tiiin
No messenger- not even 2 stars.
Apps such as these, make me think.!. Takes the cake, every time. Facebook rocks!!
Inspirational.
where to even start.. the fact we HAVE to use messenger now is bullsh*t. i can't stop getting notifications to posts' i keep on unfollowing. and my newsfeed won't do most recent.
We have to now download the messenger app? Really? That is ridiculous!
It's gotten much better, but still a battery hog.
So
Best app
I know I'm not the only one who wants Most Recent for the default newsfeed, please allow that. Also, I'm quite upset that we have to download your messenger app just to message people and it has access to everything on my phone? There is no reason you had to take messaging off the normal FB app. You suck, I'd like to book you in the face.
Good support
Works great. I can keep up. Daily
I dont want use messenger
hate it!  Shouldn't be forced.  Stupid bubbles stay all over your screen. Dumb!
This app version is so nice
This is a great app I luv it
I hate that your new app is REQUIRED to message facebook friends. That's ridiculous. Then plus that, too much memory is taken by BOTH! You guys need to figure something out cuz a lot of ppl are not happy. I also don't like that I can't hide a post from someone when it's in group. Why can we do that on a status but not our groups? Fix! A lot needs to be done. Listen to these reviews!
I updated mine and instead of being faster it hung and froze so much I am using Facebook on my chrome now. I want my old version back!
Too many fingers into personal info.
Fb is crap now u force me to install messenger. Nope i wont install
Facebook addict and proud app user!!
I dont want the fb messenger
Why do y'all continue to drive yourselves into the ground? Way too many permissions!! No, I'm not going to download messenger and will also be deleting the app!!
My only problem used to be with the news feed only showing "top stories" instead of "recent"- but now there is way too many ads and now you're forcing us to download your privacy invasion extension app to talk to people via private messages. You're going WAY too far now.
i have samsung galaxy s2 and when i am running the app it heats up and causes a battery drainage.
this is about the second time I've noticed that during some update it cause my "about me" under my profile to disappear. Please fix this as I would like to update my information!
Cool u should try it out
Hate it! Was forced to download it!
Eats 2'much mb n slow n rest evry thng iz ok n bst
Annoying
None can beat Face   Book pages on the Net
I hate that the videos start when you're scrolling without pressing play...it makes the app slower. And i just tried to comment with a pic and i have no camera icon!!! Wtf?
But It is too slow to connect the wifi.co'z if i log in 'Please Try Again Later'....please fix it !!
Guess this is no more an email, chat, or social app. It's a fragmented shell of Facebook.
Could be better but I like it
Pls. Fix it. It always stops
Guzel
Always Crash when I open it. Fix it ASAP !!
I dislike the fact that you guys removed the messages from the App
Seems like it crashes alot.
Forcing messenger
Hate facebook messenger with a passion.
Can you please remove the so called "force to download Facebook messenger" app in my Facebook inbox. First of all I'm satisfied with the current simple messaging of Facebook. Second you should give us option if we want it or not. Third, don't force us to download an app that we don't like to use. So please remove that annoying noti when we open our Facebook inbox. Thank you.
:))))
So cool app
Why I can't download this apps please help me to download this apps
Due to ur messenger...i could not read nor send msg...i reported it...u guy screw my facebook...i down load both fb an msg....now my fb not working....
Why do I have to go to a submenu to see most recent posts? Why do we need a whole new app for messenger? Because you bought Wassapp and want to do away with it and force us to use your dumbass messenger and NO, I won't let you do anything you want with my privacy, thought about installing FB again but after reading all the negative reviews it's a big F U.
nothing really special than before. Update:better ui
Facebook
Nice
Fack you facebook
Gets the job done but always small improvements that can be made. I wish your profile was a bit more customizable..ie colors and the way your profile info is arranged and presented.
Used to like it but now it is acting messed up notifications are messed up I wish I didn't update
SUHAIMI SAMAT
Good
The widget doesn't update the feed. Notifications do not bring you to the message. Blocked from using the messenger and are now required to install a separate app with loads of permissions!
Nothing
Love it
It keeps crashing. Please Fix.
Facebook apps for android this amazing! I liked
I cannot change my timeline to most recent. It stays on top rated or whatever....I want to see events as they happen not what Facebook sees as important
Since I installed this update I can't tag any of my friends in any post. I've rest my phone. Checked to see if the app installed correctly and Tryed post again and tag people. Still nothing...
It should be our choice if we want messenger or our normal message inbox. This is really irritating!
Qut
Oommgg
After the recent update (galaxy s 5) the app crashes upon opening.
Invasion of privacy
TWO APPS?!?!
This is a super app and I enjoy using it. The update showing 21.07 MB isn't good at all. It fails to open in GT I9100 fixed it then I'll update it. I'm back to the 20 MB order version. Please work on it...
Fix Facebook
Its ok
Its ok but alot of drama on here
Drama Drama Drama hate it
I haven't been able to watch videos on Facebook in a long time. I use to be able to but can't now. Please fix.
Thanks
Like really? You suck Facebook I'm not downloading a second app just for messaging. Screw that, on Facebook, get a message, exit, open message app, reply, back to Facebook oh another message. Repeat. F off that's retarded.
Uninstalled for other alternatives since they outsourced messages to that invasive messenger crap. Requires too many permissions anyway and is far too big a file for what it does.
app sometimes dosnt work
Now we are forced to download the messenger to be able to send messages. Ridiculous! They also need a custom privacy added as well. Used to love the app and now that we have to switch to messenger, it sucks! Not to mention that it has no log out and uses data too much.
Pede
Lovely
I love bianca
Don't force message app
good
I HATE that my news feed goes to top news instead of most recent. I'd rather see what's most recent instead of TOP NEWS!  Otherwise it isn't such a bad application!
I really like it
allows Facebook to access your phone camera and record audio, call and send messages without your permission, identify details about you and all your contacts, and send that info on to third parties.
The forced split of messenger, and the nag install a separate app was the last straw. I've uninstalled this app and moved to web-only access. Battery life improved!  (Old review: This is not only slow, it is unstable. Please roll back the changes, and accept that some of us will not install the messenger part.)
Can't upload cover pictures.
Why should I ? I hate it ! I used to love the one in the Facebook app itself ... and what if I don't have enough memory to download the messenger ? Please ! Return the old one ... not all the people like the messenger app !
Brilliantly
nice easy to upload my videos
Good
Well the news feed sucks, but the cherry on top is the brand new and "extremly useful" fb messenger. Way to stick it to the end users. I guess not listening to them is a good thing....or not, seems you guys at fb are confused about that. This new policy of imposing things and taking away privacy resembles to me with a comunist regime
Suupper
The app itself is decent, but we shouldn't have to install a separate app to use messages, especially when they removed it. This app already uses enough permissions by itself, and couples with FB messenger it's ridiculous. The only reason I keep using this is because it's the easiest way to reach people without phone numbers, but it keeps getting worse by the day. By the way, anyone who needs messages, don't support their other app; simply use the mobile site.
News feed is awful.  Can't adjust anymore. A separate message app couldn't be more annoying.
Really? waste space in my phone to download ANOTHER app just to Facebook message??  Stupid.
Liked it
Love the application helps in finding long lost friends and keeping in touch with family
this app is great, i cant use the computer Facebook much cause it change so much, but with the app i can stay on top it
It's slows the phone, forces you to download fb messenger
I will not download that messanger app. Please remove so that I can view my messages without that messanger app.
This app is great
horrible app locks u out after not using for month dont get
Facebook
Really enjoy, but I am soooo tired of my acct.s being hacked...had to start all over again for the 3rd time!!! I am starting to think that fb's security is nothing but a joke! And I'm debating whether or not I will start over again if it happens again. I emailed fb and sugguested they actually message/email/txt ppl and ask whether or not its them trying to change any personal info on their acct. B4 they allow it to happen. Its sad that hackers don't have better things 2 do!!!!
I miss you so much
It Makes Finding Out Everything Better ..
But a move in the right direction
Good App
Mean children getting on the 1:30 or 2:000'clock.
This apps is extremely annoying because it keeps resetting my notification settings every time it updates. What is the point of even having settings if they get reset EVERY SINGLE TIME!  UPDATE: Now that they are forcing people to use the separate messenger app, FB has gone too far.
this fb app sucks it eats my phone memory. its not like this before
Cause facebook needs to be more user friendly!
One of the only good features which was the chat was removed.. wtf man
always unfortunately stop!!!
Why you are forcing people to downliad the messenger app?
fix ur app its laggy and extremly slow doesnt want to lad anything nd hurry up with it
Creeeeeppppyyy!! No provacy. Too nosey!!
The facebook app has went down hill
The land of lost souls...
Good stuff

I used to be able to look at videos all the time, but now it never works. I've got an android phone so please fix!
Terrible update, makes app completely useless! Not using until FB changes it back
Easy access baby girl!
I will not be forced to download an app (facebook messenger) that gives facebook complete control over my devices and private information. I will use something else that is not so invasive.. bye bye facebook app.. you lost me!
We HAVE to download messenger ? Like what kind of sh*t is that ?
Annoying how I'm forced to use Facebooks video player. Doesn't give me an option to play with another app. Please change. I don't want to use your video player. And it's lacking features anyways. Now your forcing me to install the messenger app, I wish people didn't contact me on fb, you claim it's faster and better. How about apply all that to your original app instead of making everyone install a second.
Rinda
Cool
Amazing
It would be nice if I could move it to my sd card..
Very good
Piece of crap. Doesn't even support pages.
I love this app way better than on computer
Does everything that you want it to
So superb...i like it...
Aside from the forced use of Messenger, latest version crippled my Nexus 5. Uninstalled, uncrippled, and using mobile browser.
Asad Malik
Now facebook is forcing everyone to use fb messenger app which takes up too much space, kill battery, invasion of privacy, and etc. Now some people dont mind but most do so it isnt wise to make downloading the messenger mandatory. So f u fb im uninstalling. TO MYSPACE
You are crazy FB messenger
I love Facebook for so many reasons including keeping up with family & friends, playing my favorite games, conducting home business sales on numerous Facebook sites & so much more!
Yeah baby
Great App.
No problems here

I am seriously disappointed with the Facebook app. I've always had issues with the app, and Facebook in general, but nothing I couldn't work around. Now they have made it impossible to receive and respond to messages through the app, and are forcing me to download a second app, that works for nothing but messages and stickers. I feel their reasons for the second app are bogus. I will be uninstalling this app, and not installing the Messenger one. I can access everything through my browser just fine.
Cecil. Miller.
Worst version ever
Most recent feed requires an additional 4 steps to get to, please make it default like in the old version. Nexus 5 4.4.4
Done
great way to stay in touch with friends and family that live far away
New update let's them access to much of your private information.
Get rid of that stupid messenger I can't see my messages unless I download that stupid app bull I refuse and why must I be forced this is ridiculous what have you turned into
They force this messenger (cr)app on you while the app is 2/3 advertisements now...
Htc One V
Get to connect with old friends and loved ones
Idzul
Since latest update screen freezes and force closes everytime I use this app. I'm deleting this app because I've reported through force closing option and it hasn't been fixed. I'll access facebook via my browser instead. Stupid updates have  NEVER improved your app. They only ruin it more. I'll be sharing my opinion with anyone who listen cos I'm fed up with it to be honest. It's got worse every update.
Its ok on my drive it use alot of memory but its get better with ram and cpu :-( i hope the team make a more things in next version for my drive
Wish i cud chat...but still good....kinda

Since the update news feed wont load and is always saying no internet connection...
The Best
y fb is not opn in my android  i was use it b4 but now not opn what i will do
There is no use in downloading a separate app for it fix please!
SONIA TORIBIA
Wiz
Too much faster
Good
When playing a video, it would always stop playing and will pop up some error message. It always happens to videos i play on fb, but doesn't happen when playing it on youtube.
Operator
Its so cool
Tired of all of facebooks privacy invasions!

Dj
Good goood
Connection people in the world...
Great app love FB!
FACE BOOKMUHAMMDRAFIQUE A112233tv 165
Ok
Haveny tried it yet
Ready to give up facebook all together... friends see our locations on maps, they see that we have read their messages, now a whole separate app just to read messages? No thanks, also why does the messenger need access to everything on my phone? Even recording me without my consent...No privacy whatsoever. And the messenger app will give out your number, my number is hidden for a reason.
Iritates with "install messeger".I don't want your stupid messenger, FB is more than enough, leave my "messages" alone!!!
Getting better but videos still won't play and links don't work either... Keep trying
I did not mind Facebook as it was even though it takes up almost 3/4 of my internal storage. Now I cannot see my emails because you want me to download another app. I will delete Facebook before that.
Cool
So far I'm really liking  the new Facebook update its different
Chado
Is the reason why I rate it five,accept when it comes time for me to update which is very upsetting
For all the UI & offline improvements you've made, you take thrice those steps back BY SPLINTERING OFF THE DIRECT MESSAGE FUNCTION. I hope FB goes the way of MySpace & quick; perhaps the next "hot" social media won't do whatever the hell it feels like.
You can't even message someone without some dumb app and it kills battery
Love fb its great way to stsy in touch with friends
Forcing people to download that  abortion of an app is ridiculous. With all the special permission required for it I'd say it's an invasion of privacy.
This app use to be perfect before. But now you can't message people unless you download Facebook messenger witch is bull. So deleting this app until something is done about that.
A some app which allows me to contact my friends for free! :-)
So flippn annoying I shouldn't of updated my FB app cos now it freezes and shuts off most the times this is so annoying, and its hard to put up statuses. Please fix this issue oh and I was forced to download Messenger or else I couldn't read messages? That's so stuffed up? You's don't even deserve 1 star for HATE it should be no stars for dead HUH!!! FML cos of you's grrrr!!!
If you are reading a review of a fb app I really don't know what to tell you.
666
This new update is complete crap. Unresponsive 100% crap.
Awesome
it says in the title
Too many permissions, just gonna do my Facebooking via chrome.
Love it
Its awesome
Owk
Very good app
We cant reply to a comment through this app so please fix it. Than 5 star guarantee
Slow
I hate when i go to mesages to write to my friends and a stupid thing says me to dawnload messenger.I dont want to do this.Stop telling me to do so.
It's coollll
There's lots of bugs that needs to be fixed. It won't let me view my notifications.. I tap the icon, but nothing happens.
Good
Something needs to be done. The app is always saying Facebook has stopped or not responding.
:):)
Amin
But its the only app... So I deal.
It sucks!!!!!!!!
My notifications wont turn off anymore
Garbage
Awesome
Day by day it's getting worse! Dead slow!! Eating up a lot of memory!!
Dont like the messenger  app
One star for requiring access to practically everything on my phone. The news feed stinks too.
Way too intrusive on my privacy. When the updates requested access to my contacts and permissions to use pics and send emails and texts without my knowledge or consent, that was too much. I won't request fb to change that. I won't use their app...
khdr
This version is good for me but why i cant get notification when someone send a message???
Eng.Hanaa Aly
Bartley
I do not like the fact that it has "locked" me out from reading my messages through the new app and attempts to force me to download the new privacy-sucking black-hole of a Messenger app.  I realize that progress and change is essential for viablility of business but not at the expense of my privacy or those with whom I communicate.  Keep this up and I will go back to messaging the old-fashioned way:  hand-written letters.
Its facebook aftr all  .none new
It's Decent. It takes time to load though.
I liked it
Good
Still needs fixing
It isn't a game. Take a lot of memory in the phone. Every 2 days will need to clear cache
Facebook is great...
A good way to make new friends and get in touch with old friends.
Good....
New update is slowing my phone and eating my battery life..just got this phone was fine until recent f.b. update..please fix...att Samsung galaxy s5 active
Derekboehnkefacebook
facebook is very bad! why are you forcing me to download facebook messenger, facebook application itself, while the can not see the message. This is coercion!
You can't sent messages anymore without the new facebook messenger! If you give a f**k about your privacy, then it's the right app for you!
I lovedit
Banla. langes
Isn't an update supposed to make an app better? Why the hell are you removing features just to take up more space with another b.s. app?
A good way to catch up with old friends and such.
Uninstalled to keep what i do on my phone private. Quit being so noisy and I'll use you again.
Fix it the about folder doesn't show up on any of my friends list or anybody else's that's not my friend and they don't have it blocked other then that 5 stars from me
Nice
Hheeheeee
Goooooooooood
Why do we need another app to read messages?  Can't we just use it like before in FB?  Please leave it as is with the option of using FB messanger app if we find it more advantageous.
It worked fine until this new update. When I click on a video to play it, it says page not found. I know that's bullshit because I normally go through fb on chrome directly and it plays those videos. I only need this app so I can share it in my group n that's it. Chrome doesn't allow that for some stupid reason. Please fix. *Galaxy Note 2* 8/8/14
Its not really bad but it runs really slow
:p
Excellent
Uploading photo shows poor quality captured after I downloaded it! Please fix it ASAP!
You've taken away my messages
QwQaw www
Sad for the people that can't use facebook on there device
Ima start out by saying whats up with the newsfeed y dont it ever update, it be showing posts from days and hours ago instead of recent posts and stuff and then it uses up too much memory now. Yall need to fix this before u lose the business because people starting to delete they facebook now cause more problems are happening.  Yall tryna drive us away or.something??!! Fix this like now!!!!
I really dislike that I cannot view messages without the Facebook Messenger app. You shouldn't force apps on users.
James cronk
Feliz
1.  I don't want 'Top Stories'.  Stop making me have to go through several screens in settings just to get my recent feed. 2.  Facebook Messenger is unnecessary.  I didn't want to install it, but you forced me to.  I don't need bloatware on my device, but now I have no choice in the matter. 3.  Slow/crashing.  I've got less than a 50% chance of actually using the app sucessfully on any given attempt, and that's just unacceptable for one which should be reasonably well designed.  It bogs down, freezes, flips between options without my permission, and is just plain sad.  If I can boot up a computer and open a browser to use Facebook faster than I can get my device to load it (which does perfectly fine with any other apps I toss at it, by the way), then it's honestly a waste of my time to even have it on there.    Get your crap together, Facebook.
The side bar for chat one person keeps saying 1min ago when they haven't been on for hours. Since the update it's done it and I can't change it
WhaT iS wrOnG wiTh yOu? WhaTsapp iS muCh beTTer.dOwnloaDing iT jusT To posT piCs. ...WaS awesOme b4
My kit's
The latest update has been a total failure.  You can only see recent updates (within the last hour).  After that it chooses a random date and shows updates from then.  2/17/12   Still the same!! 5/16/14
Facebook messanger sux in my opinion so stop pushing it in people's throat.I dont intend to install it so i guess no chat for me. When you fix this sh*t i will give 5 stars.
The minimum refresh time here is 30 minutes... dear make it atleast 10 so that ppl can see updates fast.....
The Facebook app has become extremely slow and unresponsive when I use my phone the Droid Razr. Half the time the app shuts down.
I dislike all updates. Every time I get over one change, they change other features to make this app worse. I really want an alternative. Now when you select who can read your posts, you have to take more steps and then hit the back button to actually post it. It's supposed to be easy, but it gets more annoying.
Hhe
Most recent should be the default for the news feed. I hate switching it EVERY TIME I open this app
The Facebook experience on Android devices is much better than on my old BlackBerry -I love it!
Despite multiple problems I've had with it; keep in touch with family and friends on it.
I have only three concerns in here, 1.) Its like you are forcing everyone to download FB Messenger, well kind of annoying., whereas there is no privacy customized in it, you have to uninstall the app in a way so that you can logged out. 2.) There is no option now in which you can customize the list of friends that you need in the news feeds, please a lot of people are requesting about that. and last 3.) Please do something in your next upgrade an option in settings where nobody can message you, at all...
Just uninstalled, you dint new all my info.....
Remove messages from the app if we can't access them. I don't want that intrusive messenger app.
Still rocks !!!
Very nice
Unable to send msg from this app..its asks u to download messenger for sending messages
keeping up with friends are faster than ever
Perfecto!
I give a 1 star because I refuse to download a stand alone message app.  How about you make another app that only let's us look at our friends pictures?   And then one that only let's us look at news feeds.  You could set it up so everyone has to have 83 apps on their phone dedicated only to facebook.  Because that makes perfect sense, right?
News feed update is awful, it tells me my latest update feed is 4 hours ago ??? Really, what happened to top stories option and most recent !!!????
6 months later.... Still cant download due to error 498
Lame app
Love the update
Why I need to download messenger to see my inbox messages.
Highly disappointing
One amazing app
News feed sucks want to set it for most recent , can't get messages without messenger.
cool
Good
It's so fun when you don't have min
verry bad experience
Excellent app... but there isnt any OptiOn fOr videO clips tO dOwnload... u jst Watch them withOut any OptiOn of being downloaded
The video autoplay is actually really annoying and it's a complete waste of data. The pictures stay on the preview size and resolution. And the worst part is, you disabled the chat to make everyone download the pop-up chat app... That app that lags my phone and interrupts what I'm doing or when I try to ignore  a group chat or someone. Certainly this app was better before
I use this app to message people. Now, it's pretty much useless to me.
My favorite thing is that it saved all my pics that I have not put up on Facebook
my phone always crash when I try upload videos, reinstalled the app thrice and it still happens
OK I'm back giving it another try hope this app works...
Cant view messages? Im not gonna install another app jus to view message. What is next huh fb? View friend request in another app? View notification in another app too?? This is BS!
Very nice. Because i feel good about it
Why I cant Change my Mobile number through my Mobile? Please fix this. We need privacy. What if our phone is stolen. He/She can change the password of my FB so please fix
I do not see why I HAVE  to download an entirely different app to check fb messages. Ridiculous. I'm uninstalling. I wish there was a no star option cuz 1 is way too much
because of invasive permissions, but I'm doing this now because of of all of the theft properties in your new Messenger app. Screw you Facebook. You aren't the only one out there.
Vary good
This app is horrible!! Now I can't even click on the most recent events and I'm like 5 days behind on what everyone posts. Not happy.
Forcing downloads and forcing your way into our privacey.
Love u Mommy and Baby Mamatt..
This app takes over your phone if you are not on top of your settings.
Allow to reply and to see them! Ill give you 5 If you fix that!!!
I hate that no posts in the news feed are chronological. I see a post from 1 minute ago, next will be from 2 days ago, next will be 4 hours ago, etc. Then there's the fact that I need to download a separate app to get messages now. Ridiculous. And the worst is when I'm scrolling through the news feed and it will refresh with "new posts" and shift all the posts down so I have to read through the new ones and all the posts I already read in order to find the place I left off. Very close to deleting the app!!
Good
Is very good
I can't sync contacts now.... Why?
I luv Facebook
Firstly, the newsfeed sucks, I don't want to see the most liked things from the week. But the real complaint I have is having to download messenger just to send messages (something I could already do from the main app). There is no reason to keep this app in place of using the website through a browser. Would not recommend. Uninstalled.
Please fix everything needed to be fixed.
Can't read my messages on the app unless I download messenger, and the messenger app asks permission for way too much access to my phone. I'm not going to download the messenger app if they have a ton of access to my personal info.
I had this app and was using it fine on my android, till it prompted me to install another app in order to be able to do live chat and private messages to people. At first I did install the new app, and noticed I had a picture stack of ppl on my screen and had no way to minimize or get rid of it, and the stack was getting in my way, so I uninstalled the app. Today decided to get rid of the Facebook app, and just use the browser. If it's not convenient to use ony device, then the app is WORTHLESS.
Trouble loading and slow as hell.
I do not want fb msgr, I want my nees feed default by time... I do not like or want any of the last few updates and now im being FORCED to d/l the stupid msgr app so instead im deactivating my fb and deleting this app. We should have thr option of what we want and what we want to see and we no longer have that
Screw you FB! I uninstalled the reg. FB app wich gave me more space and now I can make my own choice by looking at my messages thru my browser. I don't like control. SHAME ON YOU FACEBOOK!
Don't need nor want a separate application jus for messenger it's completely unnecessary
(Y)
I want recent feeds... and NOT top feeda!
Bakit walang sad face na sticker? Baduy. -.- Lagyan nyo bilis!
Why do I have to get another app when I wanna chat?
Don't make me get it
Whenever i try and open a message the chat bubble opens and then disappears and it takes a couple attempts to open it. Sometimes it even closes when i start to type and the keyboard appears; please fix this!
Why take up so much memory ???
Why do I have to download another app for messaging? This is unnecessary. It's not even an option if I want to see my messages. I am not pleased. Facebook is just being difficult.
It consumes tooo much ram just it pls fix it ty fb
Can't even message thru this app.  Guess it's time to use g+ only!
I have a suggestion for u. I am a married man whose wife is like a security officer. she always search my private msges... so add a massage hide option to hide our personal or private conversations...thanks..
Arrange & dispatch
Now I HAVE to download Facebook Messenger to se MY messages ?! Tf Facebook needa quit it w/ their stupid updates & keep messages in ONE app
On the pc you can tag pages in a comment or picture or status. How about on the mobile version of facebook? Great app though but if this happens I'll surely give 5
Facebook
Kemass
If do not allow me to normal message people I will delete fb and make it a life mission to boycott you
Facebook is an app almost everyone uses. Why does it need so much space-memory on my phone.
Sucks
New update screwed up the messaging, you cant come back now when you enter message normal way, you must press back button, and that sucks pretty much
Good
I love the app for fb however forcing you to download the messenger app is too far it kills my storage on my phone. Will get a higher rating when I can view my messages like before.
Good
wow..
Doesn't even deserve one star. You can't view messages anymore. Really????
Once installed it has no problems
Can't send messages anymore with out downloading the messenger app.
Inbox need messenger fb app. I love old feature
Love facebook its faster lol
Love this app only a lot of the time it freezes and I have to reset my phone or open it through my app store. Fix little bugs please.
Now I can't see or send messages on facebook coz YOU are demanding that I download yet another app to do so!!!  I'm beyond furious!!!  Give us the option to use it or not use it!!!  This is ridiculous!!
Why i can install facebook in my phone? My phone in Advan Vandroid S4A. Need help please :(
Please bring back the MESSENGER FEATURE of this app coz it is much better if everything is in one app only and in the new update, i noticed that some pics can't be loaded compare to previous update. The previous version is much better. Hope you will give solution to this issue.
Its gettin better.
After the recent update whenever you upload pictures and wanted to tag someone, the screen goes grey then nothing happens. Please fix it. Uninstall and reinstall didn't help at all.
It's good
Fb has started sucking it is not allowing me to send messages it is asking me to download it's messenger aap and this is sucking me I wish I could give it -5 stars keep it up fb and we will start taking g+ more seriously
get rid of face book manager its is forcing us to install another app to talk go back to original please
88 y 7 67 888 8 87u78 I 888 8 I wasted time, 7th 7we 7 787 out 77777878 u u 7 u 867 77
You all should be ashamed of yourselves with those permissions. Uninstalling.
Lovid it nice for fb clints
Love it
I can talk to all of my friends
Its slow when i have many friends or uploading a picture... The limit is 5,000 but i want more then dat please change the limit..
Its boor
Love this app
I can't attach any file in messages
why u removed the chat feature & forcing that fuckbook_messenger!?!
Just no. Bad Facebook. Bad forcing things on people and everything else. Just no. Stop.
Very slow apps :(
Good App
I just got a new phone and I have been trying to download this for an hour
Need alot to fix  everything slow so get off your you know what get it done it SUCKS BAD
Not too good not too bad
Fix the app where you don't need to download another app just to send messages. I might as well just check It from my browser that way It don't have to download any extra unecessary apps.  Do better facebook
Awei yimam
Like it
YEESH!
Its best app. Bt need to b very fast. Takng too much tym to update
Messenger
The update slowed it down a little bit after phone reboot its pretty decent
Let this app work this time.
T56
News feed doesn"t load...and the instant I updated this, I started having problm s with play store...so kindly fix these problems...
Some clitches an your spying software sucks
Don't spend a lot of time on it but it seems to be well designed.
Facebook app
Lol
Ok not bad but not awesome either. Need more improvement on loading
Invalid error no wonder peeps Hates u
so if I don't download messenger, I can't access the chat/ message part of FB app; so I've decided to uninstall both. apps take up space, & drains battery, I'm not having that! I'll be accessing FB on browser. #CYa  in fairness, FB app, good, messenger app, did not like
Bernadette bitong
Doesn't play any video unless i have wifi. I do not like the update, it stinks. Fix it
092758627
Force closes always
Fuck that man Who make this app.its totally bullshit .bastard
AURORA
Where has the "about" section gone ?? I can't access my pages or bio information without it ! And can you sync everything faster, the Facebook messenger notification are not coming through at the same time as the messenger app and the chat heads don't always appear with them either :/ and the initial loading of the app is getting slower and slower with each update
Up date
When I get a notification or news feed it says I got it an hour ago even though I just got it one a moment earlier. Wish this could be fixed
Its'nt working :(
I love Facebook
SiGn in err0r. . .
Faster
Why i have to download messenger????????..it really sucks!!!!!!!....i am going to delete FB.
It doesnt load instantly
This is wrong what you are doing and I won't have any part of it. I can easily go back to calling and texting people instead of letting you have control over my phone! Ridiculous!
Good
Good
Like it very much
I love it, but sometimes its kinda slow and wont update...
I guess Facebook thinks it can force me to download some bullshit other app. My phone runs well because I decline to install crap like messenger. But maybe it's about time I get rid of my Facebook anyways. At least I won't be getting any messages any time soon
Why do I need the messenger app as well with FB to send and receive messages
Why do i need to download a messenger to check my message! That's awful! I Don want to waste my memory as well as battery!
It won't open at all anymore. Just black screen and then the error code. Fix it.
Why forcing uss to download facebook messenger !!!!!!!!!!!
Sweet
Unfortunately facebook has stopped. Ever since update this has been happening. Please fix.
Can not see pictures please fix
Please bring back the MESSENGER OPTION of this app coz it is much better if everything is in one app only and in the new update, i noticed that some pics can't be loaded compare to previous update. The previous version is much better. Hope you will give solution to this issue.
Skssf
Use it all the time
Wow
Love It
It use to be the best app till they thought forcing people to download their other app can work.. Rather i am deleting this app too.. Web version provide everything u need and no permission to steal your data to these thief's...
Good job
I hate that Facebook is forcing us to download their messaging app in order for us to read and send messages.  This is absolutely absurd and stupid.
When will I able to attach photos in the comment!??
I like it it's cool but takes up Alot of Space
was ok while it had messagin,  now it sucks
My newsfeed is refusing to update and I'm seeing posts from like last night or hours and hours ago
Latest update sucks not able to refresh my news feed plzz fix it asap
Kmt
Made great friends
Love this app
When I thought it couldn't get any worse they made messenger as other app and now you can't see messages anymore from this app... Couldn't be more disappointed.
Would love to be able to share websites etc to one of my pages rather than just to my personal profile.  Currently I'm having to copy the page link and paste it into a page post.  Very slow and frustrating.
Nice nd must have aap
Fu ck u Facebook I shouldn't be forced to download a second app it was good till this
I think its absolutely ridiculous that I have to have another app to use messenger. Get a grip Zuckerberg you invented Facebook not WhatsApp. .....idiot!
Facebook
Great app
What is wrong with the application after update? I can't see my about section nor I am able to see my followers list please fix it soon!
Video and picture quality is poor. Why does this app require so many permissions?
For more then 2 months still having a problem when I like something it disappears after leaving the app and going back into the app
Look I am a longtime Facebook user.  The problem is the messenger policy.  I don't like it.  To show my disapproval, I am installing the FB app
12345678
cabdalle
This is a huge invasion of privacy has anybody read what we are allowing facebook access too...every detail of our cell phones!!
<3
Videos won't play anymore. I discovered a week ago that if i uninstall then re-install the app that videos would play again until i charged my phone or shut it off but even that doesn't help anymore since the last update. Please fix!!!!!! I've tried everything i can think of but they still won't play. Why is this a problem now when it never was before. I'm sick of fighting with this app!!!!!!!!
Look, I'm not gonna get another app to send messages. This is ridiculous. I hate all this forced change, first the new profiles & now this? I dont think so. It's nice that ur doing something new, i just wish we had a choice. Suck it fb, you cant make me.
Until they tried to MAKE you download messenger. I would rather not! The app already has too much access to personal information as it is...#deleted
I enjoyed Facebook untill they decided to force the messaging app on me
Where is the widget? And its also slow
Keep on failing when i try to upload a pic. If something is fix then will mess up on something.
Good to use
Better now
PLEASE STOP UPDATING FACEBOOK! I can't even go to or see my about on my timeline to change my info when I want to while im on the app.
And I'll reinstall and give five stars...
Its really ugly I dont like it at all. I uninstalled it
ALL OF YOU NEED TO READ THE APP PERMISSIONS, THEN DELETE THIS APP AND DEMAND CHANGES!!!
Rasul
Keeps getting error in the middle of playback....
919
like
Forces to install multiple apps, manipulates wall, can't turn off birthday notifications, all apart of a big marketing ploy. Done with Facebook.
When I got topost a staus, it does not appear on facebook' if I go on my mobile (galaxy ace II) its fine, but not on my tablet (prestigio multipad pnp5580c ICS.     Privacy settings keep reverting to public however many times i change it to friends of friends, not happy.
Good
Nice way to stay in touch with family and friends.
I'm uninstalling this because I can't get to my messages and Facebook is trying to force me to install messenger and I don't want to
Facebook messanger sux in my opinion so stop pushing it in people's throat.I.dont intend to install it so i guess no chat for me. When you fix this sh*t i will give 5 stars.
Good
Lovin it
Dont think..do it
Facebook supersedes all.
Was working fine till today keeps forceclosing
It is just doing what it wants with your data and even with your phone. Starts by it's own and everything....
Cool
Wish u could see your messages instead of this messenger crap!
It's ok but when you try to download it then it takes forever
Can't check messages without messenger fix asap
Some pics are not seen and it is slow
Marilove
its great
Every time I'm scrolling through my news feed for longer than two minutes, the app starts to freeze. Even when I click off of the app, my phone will continue to freeze and I'll have to restart it to get it to stop. Please fix this
Don't like that you have to download extra app for messaging.
Good
I would prefer messages through the app itself.
Love
Nice app
Since I've begun typin this that stupid Facebook has stopped message popped up 5 times. This started after I downloaded that stupid messenger app that I was forced to download although I declined many times. I am now deleting Facebook.
Plz update so I can post pictures in comments
Fair app
Love the app it great
Good
Friend meet a nice job in fb
Best app
Why force people to get an app they don't want? I hate that I can't message people because I will not download that bs messenger app. Guess I'll go back to Twitter.
Ji
I updated the app and now it keeps kicking me off please fix this
Thanks for fixing the issue
Awesome app for friends
There are some small mistakes sometime we double tap screen and it gets smaller,chat is bit slow i hope you will check it. The worst update EVER....:Ofuck you
yy
Me Nor Anyone Can See My " About  " Tab

Good.
Wants permissions without explaining....and now forces to install another app just for messaging.
Nice
That facebook messenger just made it worst! Its better to have the simple messenger back! We shouldnt be forced to using an app we dont want. It should be our choice!!! Hating this FB mobile right now.
They forced us to install the messenger
Please let the messages be accessible even without the fb messenger.
Rebecca
What happened to nearby events? It shows only invited events... bring it  back! Also the Events section lags pretty bad when scrolling on my Nexus 5.
Does what it's supposed to do
sakathu
I hate the new messaging way Fox it back to how it was
Always conduct Risk Assessment
Good
Facebook
The government is too involved in social media. Its supposed to be a free country where we have freedom of speech but they try to take that away from us. The newer version also wants to use your camera without you knowing, send texts and call without your knowledge, and etc.
Uninstalled Facebook and Messenger. You creepy app.
So Good
Problem is showing after update
So far so good no troubles keep up the good work !!!!
Yeah the new version of facebook has got better features than the older one ..accessing fb through the app gives u much more fun . :)
It's so stupid you can't read your message without download the messenger it's stupid I'm uninstale this.. stop with the updates. .
Good
Every time I try to scroll through my newsfeed, it force closes.. I can't even get half way through it without it shutting down. Someone seriously needs to fix this asap or I will be deleting. Thank u.
The bustard app,7 time update last two days,new is also Same How much time it's need update,
You are amazing
Put the way use to be this update has made my life so much trouble can't download any pictures and this bs had to get an massage app to use massage what happened who knows just fix it
Very nice
I like it
The best every I love it I love it
Its better than any other update and runs so awesome 
Now why i need fb messanger already have facebook application in my mobile.......bullshit .......plz fix this issue.
Lol
Ye ye
Update isn't working correctly
Very good
Penyimpanan ke sdcad
Most recent.  Not top stories
AWSOM3
works fine
Application does not work efficiently at all its more problematic than helpful its almost to the point I am going to uninstall it and quit using it all together
Super
Good app
Loved it
When is this app icon gonna get updated to a higher resolution? Ugliest looking icon in my device.
Wants access to my text messages and phone calls. Wants access to my camera. Wants access to all the accounts saved on my phone. I've given up so much of my privacy to use this app. Now they want to access more of my personal information by making me download the new messenger app. So I'm deleting the fb app and not downloading the messenger app. So disappointed. .
Now there is zero benefit to using the app over the mobile web version. Are you intentionally trying to drive people away? What exactly do you have against a chronological newsfeed that you make it so difficult to locate? Keep this up and we'll have to look at Google+ more seriously. Ps. Messenger is annoying.

It keeps freezing and crashing for the Sony Xperia.
I don't want facebook messenger. It's stupid....it's laggy...i want to be able to choose if i want to use it or not.
Nice app.
The Facebook app constantly crashes and makes my other apps crash also.  It uses way too much memory and if it wasn't pre-installed on my phone I'd just get rid of it.  It's the only app that always gives me trouble.  This app pisses me off every day. None of the constant updates ever address the problems. In short, it's crap, I'll just have to disable it so at least my other apps won't crash because of it.
My Facebook notifications font want yo show!!! Everything is set up to receive them but nothing happens
Nice job
Please do not update. My FB has been very inconsistent since i updated my version. Thinking of just deleting FB from my phone. I'm tired of logging issues but no solutions from FB!
The more features you add, the less inclined I am to use your service. First it was automatically playing videos, now it's forcing spyware on my phone. You guys are terrible.
boooooooo
Aqesum
No messaging and takes up too much space and ram
TEAM of ME
Why are the videos not able to play...when I open a video link...the app is being closed. Facebook team please fix this and I will change my stars to 5 for sure
Awesome
Facebook crashes quite a lot maybe this needs to be looked at.
Very nice app
Great app
Best
4 stars. Deserves 5 stars but the one problem i have is the news feed. I hate that it always goes to top post. Fix it, please.
B
Who are you facebook? Nsa?
It's so use full to communicate to your friends
Its good
Couldn't watch a video
Good
Because one app isn't enough you're forced to download a second app just to messages people. I want my timeline the way I want it, not the way Facebook keep trying to force me to have it.
Why r u forcing to install messenger, if you know that the messenger app is not successful just remove it and improve messaging in Facebook app. I think I have to remove it now and start using my browser.
Excellent
I was a happy user of this app, until Facebook decided not to allow users see their messages on the app unless they also install the Messenger app. The latter app is quite intrusive, both in terms of privacy concerns (it requests almost complete control over your device) and also in terms of notifications and interruptions.  This is unacceptable IMO. So, I'm uninstalling the app and using FB through the browser. It's slightly slower, but doesn't require so much of my privacy and attention.
Great app
Nice pa       ...
Awsome
No 1
Dont download messenger app! Total invasion of privacy!
Go back on this time with my favorite part about
Integrate messaging into this one again. They both take up a lot of space and ram, why not focus on having one great product, instead of two crappy ones. Just a thought.
Nice app
Just ok
How can you force us to use a seperate app to use messaging and on top ofvthat tge app you wabt us to use is a complete invasion of privacy
It says on the play store that it only takes up 21 mb but then when I have it downloaded it consumes more and more space last time i downloaded it  it went up up to 110 mbs
I was always waiting for an facebook app to b able to move in sd card..but it never happened...
Please update in it. Change Group cover option. Please
Awesome
Good and bad, change my mind with each update
Xxx
Like
Book
Its kinda ok
This was good on HTC one sv now will not let me log in says it's sending me a code but its never arrived ?
Ssajad
Surendra
Remove all of these permission and stop invading our privacy, there is no reason you need to read my text messages or record audio or read any information in my phone... until this happens I suggest everyone un-install
Very good app
Its not up to date.....
Gud
it hangs up
After the update In news feed images r not loading (using 3G network also)
Messages are not allowed now.fb is now forcing to install another messenger app. I am gonna uninstall this one too.
jimat kidit fon cokit
its ok..simple and fast
I really sucks that even when you hit 'most recent' for your news feed, it's still showing stuff from days ago.
Can't scroll through 4 wall posts before it freezes and returns to my phones home screen! And forget actually going to a page because by the time it loads if,it loads it closes to the home screen again. ...yet technically the app is still running so I click the already open app just to have to start all over... bet a million bucks  a virus filled computer from 1990 with dial up internet works better than this app
What the hell is wrong with this version .Everytime I stream videos and it get crashed...Debug it ASAP
Cool
Rakesh
I love the oreginal facebook....
Great
Hallo farnde i misu u facebook
I recommend everyone actually read the permissions before downloading the app.
Facebook isn't that great and I only really use it for the messenger but it wants to ready my texts? Sorry but I'm uninstalling.
Excellent response
Bring back the messenger feature. I don't want the separate app!
ummmm hi
Get rid of the whole mandatory messenger app download to send messages!! I don't want to download that app!!!
In ty lom om eee...
I like very much & more!!!!!
Very good.But recently crashes often
Really unfortunate decision making me download another app to see my messages, Facebook. You just lost a messaging user.
Vinay
Nice
Love it
App is slow and now I haft to download messenger just to view my messages... Like really y do I gotta to all this extra
Three things I hate about the update.  1. I have to download the messenger app and I don't have enough internal memory! 2. I can't tag people in a group post unless they are my fb friend. I don't want to add everyone in a group if I don't know them personally. 3. Anytime a video is loading while I'm scrolling through my news feed, it freezes and I can't even exit the app.
Since I have updated last update, it has been slowed down like a snail.... tooooo bad!!! older version was far better! !!!!
The last update horrible

Unable to download it. ...huh!
Nice
Hasn't been very reliable, and has been really slow loading new feeds. Fix and I'll rate a 5.
Great way to stay connected.
Doesn't let me play videos most times
Good
Best app
5 stars for bullShit
The app will no longer let me check my msgs unless i also download the fb messenger app. So irritating, not only will i not add another app just to check my msgs but I'm deleting this as well
Hi
M
You need multiple apps to use it? Not good
Better after the last update
Why do I have to install another app for messages? It worked fine before,  now forces you to install a secondary app just for messages.

Facebook
Love this
where is reply option to any comment which is see in pages?,when use in other app i see this option and plz put the off notification option in this like pc
I love the Facebook app xx
Facebook and it's messenger will no longer be used by me. Too many problems and to force me to download something? Screw off
Why do I have to dig deep to find the recent news? Don't care about "top stories"  that are weeks old. Broke a great app in this last update. Now no messenger, not going to download a second app just to message people. It was working perfectly before now it is gone.
Well connected
GREAT!!!!!!!!!
Why would this not Been an option to have this or not? I won't download this the new messenger. I guess I won't be checking my inbox anymore.
Semoga anda happy selalu
Seriously! WTF? Where is it??
job
Cool
Zaryab
Put the message feature back on, stupid Facebook thinks I'm going to download their messenger app. I'll just delete this one. Fix this
You know it is best social network side
I hate Facebook Messenger policy
I m loving its look
New update is forcing to install fb messenger to use fb message service.. Uninstalling this app too. .
Iloved it
Y do we need 2 apps for fb if u could used messenger ok in this one this just stupid im done whit this apps
Since the latest update I have no idea how to re-order my News Feed by Most Recent. I used to be able to hold down the buttons for settings, but how the hell do you do it now?! PLEASE advise before I give up and uninstall this app!
Take a look at what Facebook and their new messenger app want to have permission to. No thanks!
Like
Lately,my facebook app has been lagging and crashing.Before that it worked smoothly.Fix this and I'd rate it 5 stars.
Stagnating
I can't message if I don't install messenger
Shut
Hei344573@gmailcom
It is a very good and helpful application
Loves,it
Good
when im gonna messagae someone they said install fb massenger its not good i cant chat with someone i'll give just 2
Work
Good
I cant even download the app on my phone. I did a factory reset and now it says error 403 or error 941 every time i try to download it
I like it.
Fix this if I sign in for 10 minutes it should not take 100 mb from me. Checked it 5 times in one day and was logged in for 10 minutes at a time and I went through 967 mb. Something's not right about this. FIX IT YOU GREEDY BADTARDS
Got rid of messenger don't want to add another app put it back
Eating to much ram!! Fix this n i will boost the stars..all the stars will shine..
Soxial
All iz well if you can handle this app without getting frustated to its limitations of taging and uploading... :-P
New download great
Good ....can be improved
I love this app
This app put a virus on my phone. Uninstalled.
Nice app
Plz i needed download now
Awesome
The messenger scandal is my LAST straw with facebook.
I mostly use Facebook from my phone so now that I need the messanger app to message, it isn't worth it. Bring back the ability to just send messages simply right from this app.
Very nice app for entertenment.
Nyc
I would have given it 5 stars but in the app it is askin me to install messenger and without that I cant see my messages pls fix it.....
Looks
De latest version is fast
Well I tired chattin but the record bottom doesn't work
Awesome
Shouldn't have forced the messenger on us. Done.
Can't play video !!
sohail
Other features are awesome....I dnt use my own cell so I cnt install messenger too so plz understand nd plz action against it
Awesomesauce
really slow dont respond sometimes, close forces
I love it ya
Stay connected.......
Speed ??? See whatsapp speed. One star diya that majboori me' ye tow star dikha rahe hain  one star bhee nahi dena chahiya.
Its best one
faco
Hav some bugs in viewing the pictures .plz fix it 4.4.2 kitkat s4 . Hate 4.4.2 kitkat when I upgraded to it . Problems started .
Issues reported before recent updates have been resolved.
I can't open any links or news articles or anything from this app. I have cleaned out my Internet cache, Chrome works fine on its own, but anything I try to access through the Facebook app won't open.
Very slow
Most of the bugs have been fixed. It is user friendly and now reliable.
I don't appreciate being forced to use the Messenger app. If I wanted to contact someone off of Facebook,  I'd text them. Facebook app and Messenger apps are a waste of my phone space. Already uninstalled Messenger, will be uninstalling the Facebook app as well. I can use my browser for that. Goodbye useless apps.
It shuts off and freezes (this is the third time I've reinstalled); but one thing, I don't like the fact that Facebook tracks EVERYTHING u do thru an activity log and read personal data. I wouldn't bother re-downloading this app, Facebook is a conspiracy.
Really cool
Good
Don't want to have to use 2 apps for 1 service no thank you I will not download it
Sunpraveen
Tabsum
KEEPS FREEZIN AFTER I WATCH A VIDEOS THIS SHYT CRAZY AND NEEDS 2 B FIXD!!!
Ok ok
Not good upd
Great!!!
This got 1 star because I can't give it 0 or lower. Redesign blows. You're now forced to use top stories for your news feed by default. This is utterly useless. Give me back control over how MY news feed should display. Don't force me to use what you want and have to go off into the nether regions for what I want. Now they've gone and forced you to install a separate app for messaging. Thanks Facebook you made my decision for me. All traces of Facebook apps have been removed from my phone.
T
Exelent  !!!!  but net cost is so high.
ok
Easy way to pas ur felling to ur loved one.
Messages are fast enough with the Facebook app but now i can't check them without downloading the messenger app...i don't need two apps for the exact same thing
Facebook
bad aap. DON'T install
Bad app indeed. Can't watch video. Error everytime.  So annoying this fb after the frustrating update.
Not bad
we r nt interested in wasting space ok
Not only does the app crash, but my whole phone crashes and I have to wait at least a minute before it functions again. On the rare occasion that the app does work, I can't even watch any of the videos
as usual
I don't want to download messenger, but I guess you are making it mandatory if I want to talk to people. Thanks, but no thanks.
Love u google +
hallo
Best
The app NEVER retains its place. If I leave the app for any reason, for any length of time, regardless of phone settings, it's completely reloaded upon reentry..losing typed info and last location. It does this often even if I don't close the app as well. It's beyond annoying and inconvenient.   Also, even though you CAN access a "recent" feed..I still want it set as default. Why is this a problem? n' these few issues are only the tip of the iceberg. There's so many more. Seriously guys, get it together!
Im addicted like everyone else but FB is a waste land of advertisements and game request. Its a thorn in my soul of social networking
change that we can change of our friend name for nick name or which name we call them
Takes forever to load on my phone. The app seems to never load new news feeds ethire
Awesome
I do not want to add another app just to use this app! Ugh!
K
Monitoring all the aspects of your life
Now its making download the messenger app, no thanks, just go to the website in phones.
It is good and easy for use butt still one error of calling. I think it should be solve as soon as possible.
995512
I have to downloadvthe messanger app just to view and reply messages. I don't want to download another app to do what the first one  supposed to do. You guys need to fix that
This app ran better before all of the overly fancy updates were added. Now facebook mobile has many flaws. Crashing the like button won't stay lit, Facebook is very slow much of the time. This app really needs a complete overhaul.
It is a lovely app for games nd chat
Awesome try it
mutya
Life....
When I try to log in it says that my email doesn't belong to any account.
Great to keep track of friends and local events. :)
Great
Best app... Their must be an option to download videos directly from facebook as we download pics and images directly. If this option will be developed  then i will gove him 5.
Brill x
Fix it! Its crashes as soon as it opens. Extremely useless now.
I'm sick and tired of all the dirty games facebook does, so today it got me really mad wen they forced me to download the messenger app... Uninstalling all
Sawan
Facebook can't check in place
Lov2 this app
I can keep in touch with so many people from around the world
Yes
Realy love this version
it's a great app yes,prob is it takes up too much space could you please do something about that please
I hate how Facebook won't let you text anymore, you have to get the messenger app
Not working
Super but in my mobile the app are loading.my mobile is Samsung galaxy core
Malai man paro
Help for finding my new girl friends
Please take down Facebook.
Very nice app. I also used 5 years. Awesome :-)
Goodjob
Facebook just made their last and biggest mistake with the forced download of the messenger app and changed terms. They sell info they gather about you to companies/organizations that, trust me, you don't want having your personal info.
And that is terrifying. Make me download your messaging app? No thanks, I'm deleting this app.
What's the point of the messaging app??? The newsfeed also sucks... I can't go back to the same spot I was i have to go back to the top.... annoyed. Deleting FB apps a d sticking to logining in on chrome or IE!
Awesome app
After latest update, crashing very frequently.. Please suggest with priority.
Y d hel we hav to downld fb messenger to get mesages..its lik forcing to downld..y cnt v c our mesages wd facbuk applicn ?
Spr
Awesome
its not open my message he say plz dowload fb messenger
Even before the update it forces me out if the app. I don't like very much. You guys should fix that.
this app takes too much space thts why hangs my phone regularly & the main it takes too much time to open......please fix it....
I am uninstalling this app AND messenger due to the "permissions". No one needs to take video, audio or phone numbers from MY phone except me. This is beyond intrusive and I suggest everyone else delete both apps as well so you don't have your identity stolen or the identity of those listed in your phone, as well as allowing FB to have total control over your phone.
Interesting that's why addicted to this app.
Great app
Lover Girl
Only getting 3 stars cause of the force messenger I dont want it I dont need it I will not install it if people dont want it dont force them
Superb
Why did not upload my video,,,
Why r we diverted to mssnger ol d time..??. why do we need to download mssngr.. ?? We dnt wanna use mssngr..  plzz fix it.. I dnt wanna use mssngr... its nt convenient to switch between both d apps...plz fix it fast
Epic
I uninstalled due to the permissions this app takes with my phone. I don't see a reason behind its need to read my SMS or record audio without my consent.
Nice
Rajendra pal
Facebook owned by a jewish. You Jewish stop terror in Gaza
Been had one
Please add following features:  - editing privacy setting of our fan page - moving pictures between albums
If we have to download the fb messenger app can you stop the message notifications cause they won't go away and I don't read my messages anyways and it's bugging me love the app but hate the messages
Nothings new
The only problem I seem to have is because I use the he app for my galaxy 3. The newest updates have totally killed my battery life.  Sick of it. Can't get through 5 hours without my phone being dead... goodbye facebook. I'm sick of your crap app.
I wish zuckerdude and minions actually read our reviews.  Zero stars.  This mf app sux.
chetan
Kashif. Khan . .
I LOVE Fackbook,i like u
When I want to see who is online it shows all offline I think it need more improvement.
Messages are required to use another app that voids all privacy with permissions to use you mic and camera whenever it wants along with access to any info on your phone.
Like it
If I have to msg someone I should close the facebook app then have to open messenger app and then have to send some msg, if I tap message on my friends profile then the app will hang for a period. After I must close all the apps and clear the RAM then only i will be able to use my phone also. I dont understand what the hell is going on. It is eating complete system memory and data as well. Totally dissapointed with the updates and specially with the "we're moving to the mesaenger" fact
Very good soft app
Download to slow and it take forever to connect
Nice
..i cant view the photos in my news feed.. always loading. Please fix it
Needs more work!!!!
Sumitmanjwanibajrangdal
Facebook is soooo stupid its nothin but trash and garbage!!!!!!!!!!!
Vai that
I LOVE THIS APP EVERYONE SHOULD INSTALL IT!!!!
New update sux delete it .won't load videos on HTC one m8
Good
Since I need another app to do what this app is supposed to do. You suck FB. Seems to get worse every year
Connect with family
Average app not best
Squad
superbbb
Evn not opening
This app had no need to have the permissions it requests.  Too invasive.
It excellent n fantastic.
I really don't like that messages are moving to the messenger app, why can't it just stay in the Facebook app? Also the news feed will update automatically when I'm in the middle of reading it.
They forced Microsoft to unbundle IE from Windows, so why do I have to put up with this?
I love facebook its absolutely flawless. <3
If I wanna watch a video it loads the first few seconds then says cannot watch this video never happened on my iPhone please fix
It just occupies a lot of memory in my phone.
Very good
Perfect
I shouldn't HAVE to download a separate app to get my messages. You guys suck!
Chiquito
Good gold
mostly stopped
More than 20 photos you can upload to here
Hi
From the time iv updated my facebook, i cant see a single photo or any new news feeel, caus it just keeps loading only, and then come up with a message of cant load the news feel.. fixxxx up dis buggg
It makes absolutely no sense to require me to have two different apps to use Facebook. Give me back full functionality in one app and I'll raise the rating again. It's just dumb the way it is.
My own phone cant play videos. Can you fix please.
AWESOME APPLICATION
Sagar
Facebook asks for waaay too many permissions on my phone and I have noticed it wastes performance and runs in the background no matter how many times I clear the RAM. Goodbye facebook. Uninstalled.
Fantasy
Not bad for a download anywz lol ;)
I dont like the fact it can record me thru microphone! What happened with privacy!?
Love the apps
Great App
Even with the most recent update - Something went wrong. Something went wrong. Every link you click now its "something went wrong."
Nice One
Just erased this app, it has waay too much "power" over my phone. Read the app permissions, why does fb need to call text or email people on my behaf? Why does it need to record video take pics or record voice without me doing so? Dont do it kids its stinks of government oversight.
Cannot be download!huh -_-
video download ???
Useful.
Can be better Make it able to see forwarded messages
Two Things Are Important In Our Life.!. Friend Friendship First One, You Should Make.! Second One, You Should Keep.!
lol lol
I like how they keep the app up-to-date. It's easy to use. I don't like to keep updating this app though. Lol
Screw you Facebook.  Messenger ap for more ad crap. You piece of trash imperialistic liberals.
Meh
This is the best
It is very very coll app
All is well
Nice
The new feeds suck other from that its irite
Good
I hate new apps
Still slow
Use it everyday. Great for keeping in contact with friends and family.

Improve plz
12345678
Superb
The good thing about Facebook is now I can actually put most of it on my SD card. My big problem is the requirement to download messenger now. Some of us don't own nor can afford the spiffy phones to handle having both considering Facebook usually takes up 50 of my memory. When Facebook takes up too much of my memory I lose my actual texting on my phone and use of my phone book. It was nice when I was able to just sit and relax somewhere and use Facebook wherever and message and talk to everybody.
Keep in touch with Family and Friends
I dont want it to be mandatory to have the facebook messenger app to message people. I dont have enough room as is
makin lama makin besar saiz menyebabkan ganggu operasi hanset harap boleh baiki
Mon'tkar
Qf112233
Fun time.   Lol
Hola
After recent update profile pic of my friends are not visible and I can't even view any pic. Pls fix this.
I try to download but unknown error ocoured
i am using facebook more than 5 years.i think it's the only one best social application in the world.i rated this 5 stars with wishing sure success in future.....!
I deleted this app because with every update Facebook is requesting permission to access more of my private information on my device. I never updated to the most recent version because of that and now with the separate app for messaging and the permissions that go with it I have decided to uninstall this app. I am very disappointed.
You can have space on my phone for 1 app but not 2.  The original facebook app was good enough.  You can spy on me with one app or you can't without the app. Right now you are uninstalled completely.
The messenger app and all it's permissions can suck a dick.
Change your privacy!!!!!
I hate israel
EXCELLENT.
Very good apo
I do not want to download the the Messenger app just to see my messages
Perfect
Fb is need....
it sometimes works well but sometimes doesn't work...
News feed latest option missing in new update
Helping for chating
Love it
The app is taking 100MB of data storage in the phone!! Seriously! The data is coming from fb cloud then why do u need so much space on a phone. Some service of the app is still continously running even if the app is not in foreground. Improve the app at Core level before improving visually. Make the app light and lag free. I'm gonna be stubborn and not install the messenger app that you're trying to push on me. I've moved onto Hangouts for messages and chats. Thanks.
Keeps freezing so end up restarting phone
Like this
Coool
Good one
Love dis app
Super app verry nice app etha kantu putechavaga nurantukalam vailga
Cool apps
Every time I get on Facebook it says just now and it has comments from last night or the night before saying just now please fix
Happy  with this amazing app.. Nice interface.....may if (facebook app developer) you add some theme's option thats be cool ha! Facebook themes like night mode theme (etc)...
Liked it
I dont want to download messenger please fix this.
Kanngai
Hate that they took messenger access out of the main app. Bring it back.
can't  play video......& takes much place
Error code -24 every time I try to re install the Facebook app on my galaxy note 3. Going on 2 weeks of the same code flash! Facebook sucks now days. (Its been a month I posted 7/7/14 and still no changes made! F! Error code -24)
Content policy is not able to stop nudity n people with wrong intent despite being informed thus cant be best
Awesome...
Love this apps
Good apps with good feature...
Facebook needs to change so that it can choose most recent again.  I keep getting posts from 1-2 days ago in my feed. If I didn't see them then I do not need to see them now!
REALLY want to disable syncing birthdays with my phone's built-in calendar. Also want to be able to turn off notifications for things I commented on/liked.
Good
Oh yeah.
I don't have enough space in my phone!! It's unfair that I can't share the video in private message using my phone unlike other's phone
Having fun.
Shitty App! X(
Keka
Niz
I hate this "new" update....everytime im scrolling thru the page and there's videos I have to wait for the video to load before I can keep on scrolling.  Before the update I didnt have that issue can ya'll fix that please!?
I absolutely love Facebook! However my account was hijacked by a hacker & because you must allow so many permissions to install it-they had access to everything! I've repeatedly tried to recover w/ name & pass. reset but it takes me to another account under same name & settings! If you're reading this Facebook- please HELP ME!!!! You will recieve 5 stars and excellent recommendations from Facebook based business! !!!  Thank You,the genuine CodySpell
Downloaded the messenger ap and nothing works
Facebook
Every time I log on to face book and start scroll in through the news feed this app feels the need to freeze and force close itself every 5 seconds.. won't let me watch videos or even look at photos.. they dont even load for me to see what they are. This is really irritating me to no extent.. please fix the app
awesomeee..

Cant download it
Best app for all android users....
You fix the problem with my online friends which i tells to give 5 stars after fix but now there is another problem why forced to download messenger i do not want that. There is no log out option in messenger now my sis is seeing all my message in fb messenger. Please fix that by adding log out in messenger or we can chat without using messenger on facebook. 5 stars after fix
great
I love it
why are you forcing us to download messenger ?? i dont want to download it
I love Facebook
Ok
Bad
Can we have the option to disable the "Top Stories" button? When it's pressed you could make it show instructions on where to find the "most recent" newsfeed? If not could you show a little dice animation while "top stories" loads. This would be useful to warn me that i have clicked the "random newsfeed" and that new stories are merely being hidden by Facebook (somewhere).
Gud
Both r same not very good
Cool ig
Players...
You really need to concentrate on getting the news feed to be accurate... I'm tired of looking back at the day before s**t. I'd rather like to see most recent statuses. Please fix this for a better rating. And for a better social app.
I love it because I can talk to my friends even if I haven't seen them in a year or 2
your my Everythink
I love fb
I'm getting sick of it. I think a lot of my friends are too. 24mb? And the messenger app really lags my phone, and has too many permissions, so I uninstalled that. I think my days are numbered on Facebook. At least though my phone.
Nyc update
Good for all
I dont want to download the messenger
Gr8 app....its really nice one...batter than facebook masenger...
Why must you force users to download an app that only swamps device speed and wastes usable memory? I refuse to give in & will not be downloading the messenger app & both will stay at 1 star reviews
Tired of seeing old posts on new feed
What's, BETA testing. ? I just need one solid answer from you guys. And will it be better than regular?  Your Friend Anthony
Disgrace
Very good chnge in app lovedd it
Best
Mukesh Ambani
Vimal
A great way to keep up with friends.
Nothing to describe jst install and enjoy it guys
Swapna Amaravadi
it's good
Not
Best apps 4 communicate
It works fine I just don't like being forced to download the messenger app. I don't have a lot of memory on my phone so it was very annoying.
sucks
Zubair.mangal
Facebook
Facebook
Good
Love it
Devkota
Have you read how many permissions it wants plus how much data it uses. Several people are Uninstalling this app
a construction companye
Time pass
Gud thingy
Very nice
I never did like this app due to excessive permissions, but after installing CM11 on my phone with privacy guard, I thought I'd give it a whirl.  I enjoyed it, but now that you have completely removed the messenger and are forcing a separate app down my throat, I am uninstalling it for good.  Enjoy the rise in 1 star reviews, Facebook.
Nicr social midia
i like it
Unable to watch full video. Playback error messege pops up within 20 or 30 sec! Is it only me or others having the same problem?
Better than it was.
That new Facebook messenger app, forcing us to download something that's going to steal information from us so we can talk to our friends on Facebook. That's stupid and absolute bullsh*t! You can take that app and shove it somewhere unpleasant.
Error loading news feed. Error loading news feed. New version is worst. Please fix....
Sucks that I need the messenger app and this to be able to message people. And the lack of privacy we have these says on these apps.
Icant even access my inbox why is dat.....y'all some rip offs
Ever since that last update.  It freezes up or I get an error loading news feed message. NOW IT WON'T LOAD AT ALL. SAME ERROR LOADING NEWS FEED MESSAGE. FIX THIS PLZ. It's been about a month now same issues. I wish somebody would come up with a better Facebook app.
Its slow sometimes and and takes up lots of space but other than that its good
Anand
Why am I being forced to download an additional app to check my messages? This is bs
Better than the older version of facebook
I love Facebook,  but this past update really did a number on my phone! It's taking up more data than necessary, and now you guys are Forcing us to get Another app for messaging when it was fine within Facebook!! You should at least Ask your users before forcing something on us! I don't want to take up data on another app when the use of it is already within it's original app!! Please fix this!
Error message "Sorry, but an unknown error occurred while trying to play this video" anytime I try play a video within facebook app
<< title says it all.
Even the most recent bit isn't showing the most recent stories any more!!!
Nice application for fb .... :)*
This is asome
super
Good one.. Easy to use..
Comments are not ordered in most liked at the top, despite it being like that on iOS and desktop. I would really like to see that added sooner rather than later please! Otherwise a smooth and pleasant app to use.
Don't force us to use messenger nothing wrong for messaging from this app! You are forcing us to buy expensive devices to use Facebook!
Now half the time while im using it freezes or exits out of app on its own... Its power consumption is un real and the adds and stupid suggestions are getting anoying also it wont show comments and likes a lot of time and it needs to have the most recent as default... if i saw the post 4 days ago i dont need to again...
Too much info needed to download the app.
Fantastic n fantasy
I lykd it mch:')
Update every times but never intalled... totally waste of mobile data
I don't HV words to say
Very nice app
Loads to slow
I simply hate this app !!
#Yolo
Please give your members the privacy they deserve!
Manlay
So, I need to install your messenger to be in contact with people? I must install another application just to send messages? Come on! Bye, bye facebook!
What the hell with u guys..when i update my app its saying u cant see ur msgs, u should dwnld mesanger for sending msgs.. Wtf with u guys.ur just doing publicity for messanger so that every one can dwnld and use. Really disgusting. U made me  disappointed by doing this. Really i gve 0 stars for this.
Worst app ever
Don't want to use the messenger!
Coool
Excellent application!
Wow
How come !!! you do that I must use the bad messanger app and install it instead of the ability of see messages in this half good application.too bad
Piece of sh!t.
I like this app very much but there is very problem inside it like a messenger problem I don't like messenger but this app can't heard it works with his rule & the most important problem is updatetion it's just take very time & I hate it.........
De chess divalicious
Rimoz
Good
I lik tis
Good
nc
Did you freakin' read that??!??!?!?!? We all just accept it without reading a single word just like blind zombies. If you read the app permissions you will be shocked i swear!!!!!! It has access to anything you dont have privacy and also "just" games are like that like a samsung or lg tv remote also or minigore or celebrity phone call everything ACCESS MAN ACCESS DELETE IT
Facebook
Ali Barkat
My facebook continuously stops working and kicks me out of it. Its only been happening since I installed the new update
Before the last update it was more simple.  Now it is way to crowded to much going on the screen at a time.
Memuaskn
Verry good
Fb is my life xD
I am a very nice guy
Mann
After forcing me to install an app just to write my friends a personal message, I am uninstalling the Facebook app altogether. Trying to force your guests to do something they don't want only makes it more likely that they will find another means to communicate, i.e. text message. Thank you for stealing everyone of my friend's phone numbers for my convenience, making my transition away from Facebook that much easier!
I should hve given it 2 or 3 star bt I does nt allow that much comfortability to me again and again the pop up comes to try the messenger if the user doesn't want to use it the let it be.and now the pop up is nt going and I can't se my msgs nw only  two things are coming that plz try the messenger aur learn more literally this app suckss
NSK
This Facebook. Whatever you want it to do in a split second. PERIOD this application is probably the most important thing that I have is when it comes to technology
Make it so we can view the video folders in photos and I'll give five stars!!
Nice
You're requiring me to install messenger? An app that I must agree to allow it to take full control of my phone, delete and view my photos, read and delete my text messages, turn my camera on and off by itself and lost of other "requirements"? I don't think so!
Good
eats up too much space on my phone's memory wth
very nice app
Love it .. perfect App
This app is so good
Need to more faster
Good
Hate that you need to install messenger isn't happening. And  why would they need to access so much on my phone? This is unreal I am contemplating deleting the app all together....I will stick with instagram
Love it
Fantasticc app
Even after turning off all notifications it keeps spawning on its own? Battery drain!
When i am click to play a videos simply it will exit. Very very bad
Major gliche since last update. Since I updated last time Facebook stops running every 10 minutes. This is really getting old. Please fix this.
Facebook
Very ... very nice
Delete the app and go to your web browser on your phone and log in that way!! Other wise facebook can look at everything on your phone an invasion of privacy!!!!! Which is pretty much ILLEGAL!!!
Why take a perfectly good feature out of your main app just to push your useless smaller apps.
Chalapathi chala
This is a great app..a must use fr all d fb users..enjoy
Why can't I move this to SD card
The photos in newsfeed and other feeds are not even loading. Fix awaited.
Kya baat hai...............awesome........ mast hai wah.................... wah
Messenger keep poping up an now I wont get my messages unless I down load it but I don't want it plz fix
I have used this software in 1 years ago. It a such good I eassly join friends ,call join new friend its a only one media who joined friend who was los many years ago.know we join .I give most congratulation this application.
Finally the the Facebook app feel smooth and intuitive. Still missing a few of functions from the web-based app though.
Uhg. Download the messanger app? Nope, just using fb in my browser
Great

News feed freezes when i scroll up or down
whatsupp
Chuvoooooo
Tari
Its a good app
Top developer
Kkkkkk
Reddy
Excellent
It's not downloading
I don't even want to rate one star it doesn't even deserve that. SUPER SLOW!
Good
This app isn't doing so good, I try to upload video but then the app closes on me. Why is that.?! Can you guys fix that. Major issue! -.-
It was all well until recently. Now it stays at the loading screen forever then says "Facebook has stopped". Please fix.
Fantastic
I give it 3 stars because yes, it does give you your basic facebook needs when you aren't at a computer, but its a bit slow, and a memory hog. If it didn't hog up memory and ran faster then it'd be great. For now, it's decent.
I can know what's happening today from facebook,and I can add my school friends and chatting with my friends
I just like the new update...
It nice so ...........
Always Closing
Can't play videos
I'm not happy with the update, I'm NOT installing it, it's bullcrap, please bring back the messages.
I use it alot via phone, but can do more with my laptop
its good
Lovely
But still it lacks character and after the new update i cannot chat with my friends its so irritating and another suggestion would be to chang the colours of the fb sign and custimize which colour would be the like button and stuff like that and then i would give 5 stars........
Wow grt app
So sso
W
<3
This Is Really Good .
Really disappointed that Facebook requires you to have that messenger add on. Don't really want to have to download another app, especially when there was nothing wrong with messenger to begin with. I guess fix something that isn't broken right? Thanks for taking out an important feature facebook and forcing messenger on us.
The mb size is all a lie! The FB app was slowing my phone down with a whopping 111mb. What happened to 23mb?
So you want to force me to use two apps? I have deleted or disabled both, I an still manage my account through my browser, Facebook, I choose how I utilize my phone not you.
Love
The new look of facebook sucks! !
Okk
atttt
Huwaw!!!
YoGaNaNtH.R
Loved it
It's taking up too much space, along with messenger, I want to keep it, please if you're going to update it, make sure it's a good one.
V  easy
hope you fix whats needed to be fix.please
Its a best app
It really sucks
I love facebook!
It is too much better then last one plz more update
I am Dale. Used. I. Love it
You lose your place when opening links in a browser.
I don't want it hate the policy
sucks
I waited foe this to be taken into consideration on several updates occasions, but it did not. When we receive a notification on a comment pressing on that notification must move us to that particular comment exactly as the pc version. ...this is becoming really irritating
I think it is bull crap that we HAVE to  the instant messenger app to see our messages. I do not want to download that app I don't have the room on my phone for it. Change it please.
Good excellent
Sinvula chris burner
Dfclements
Its an awesome app
No space fr messenger plz move my mssgs bck 2 fb
At Comment cannot upload picture... why...??? at browser can upload picture in comment
Since I am choosing not to use the Messenger app for messages, I want to be able to turn off message notifications entirely.  Pls make that possible.
I've been having Facebook since 2008 love the fact I can keep up with my friends and family I wouldn't change it for the world plus this is the only social media app I have on my smart phone all those other app's like instagram and Twitter cannot top Facebook at all
Great
Kept on crashing after update
Great nice
Shyam Aniya
Fb is FUCKED
good.
It's realy deserve 5 star....
I like it but it wont let me update the app
It was only 2-3 weeks ago I upgraded this app its getting on my nerves I only have to update it near the end of every month, that's not on! I didn't have to upgrade my last phone so much with this app... It makes a person rethink about the phone you have & the apps on it!
Jst luved it plez download it
Yo yo hits
Good
Facebook is now forcing us to install their messenger app. If I wanted to install it I would have done so a long time ago. I just uninstalled the Facebook app as it has become useless without messages.
Always asking to install messenger so I reduced stars if not 5 stars
Kato baby
Sumit
IDIOTS !!! WHO WANTS THE MESSNGR APP.. WHY DO U MAKE IT  A COMPULSARY.. EGG HEADS
Internetwork
Loved it.
Nice
Use Facebook......
No thanks I'll use my Web browser from now on.  You want me to download a second app just to view/compose messages. A second app that takes up more space on my phone, more background processes and separate data... like I said, I'll just use my browser from now on.
Verygood and 9ice.
Shuts Itself down quite a lot
Yo.
What the hell. I am not downloading messenger.  I dont want another app and I dont agree with the permission it wants to have and I cant send messages with out it. Bull s**t!
Air craft clean
Facebook app sucks, makes you download the messanger app to even look at messages. Takes up to much storage space and lags
thank u vedy mucho! Lmao ;)
Can only post a status update half of the time
Good
Excellent
I like dis appp very muccchhhh
Nice app
Face
Why are you updating everyday for the last 3 weeks ?
Very baaaaaaaaaaad
Messenger
Pure crap
Ngon !!!
Keeps on crashing.  Takes up too much space
The app is constantly freezing. The only way to get it to work again is to reboot my phone.  ANNOYING! Also it now opens up whenever it wants to.  FIX PLEASE! Also make the emojis look like they do on our phones. Not computery. That's stupid! Galaxy S4
Awesome
CANNOT believe it. What's the point?  To have another app for more ad revenue?  Pfft
App stopped working after last update
Time to uninstall, as the app doesn't even allow messaging any more, expecting you to give up all your privacy by downloading a second app that this app used to do.
I want my old Facebook back where I can kook at my news feed without having to select I want to look at .y most recent stuff. That should be just common sense that someone would want to see what the most recent stuff is! And I also want to be able to SEND A MESSAGE through Facebook WITHOUT having to install an app for it!!!!
loved it
you sed ok
Good
have you looked at the permissions on that that's crap Facebook does not need that much control over my phone and me
I don't want to download messenger, it would be just a waste of space on my phone.
Value for data and time....
So many permisions is requested, I loved facebook  too long but what is much is much, and now is time to say goodbye... No FB you will not see my sms, contact list, have access to my mic and see app instaled on my phone.
Love to keep in touch with friends n family
Awesome. .........
When I'm in the app & click on notifications it won't bring them up
I wish I could set "most recent posts" as the default feed
But then fb staff decided to make it mandatory to have the fb messaging app.  This will give the "fb team" the ability to take control of your phone, I DON'T THINK SO!!!!!
Online
Elsajalbuena
Excellent
I wish this would go a lot faster and it wouldn't take forever go get to pages also where's the new look and design? I don't see it. Other then that its pretty good, keep up the good works.
Good
Only 1 star for forcing me to use the messenger app.
Everytime i hit like button it flips through the feed, so tired of it.
Wahyudi.asep
Its sad that you have to download messenger now to be able to send messages.. I will be deleting this app.. so sad
Its making me communicate with others! This is how Facebook is important to me!
Umrr
Do smthng... dat  if we dnt instal mesenger... it still works... dats d bigest problm
As we all know fb is the best social networking site so it's app should also the best.    Please update the graphics to make it more better.   Thank u
Not happy with the forced messenger app. No, I don't want every fb friendship have access to my cell #. And no, I don't want fb to have control of my connection, microphone, camera or anything else on my phone for that matter. I think I'll delete the fb app too and just go on through my phone's browser.
My favorite thing is that is save the pics that I have not put up on Facebook
Excellent
Now deleting the Facebook app, forcing us to use msg app is bullshit! Also look at the permission u give it! I'm deleting the app and using it through google chrome.
Only thing they.need to.fix is to tell us who blocked you
I don't want to download a separate app to send messages. I'm happy with my SMS/messaging app and don't want to use Facebook's new app for that.  Please let your users decide for themselves how they want to message.  It was great being able to send Facebook messages from within the main app and it was the most intuitive option.
If I wanted to download messenger I would don't force me to use my memory on my phone for it crap negative 2 stars for that!
They spy on us
Not good not bad
Recently updated,  new version makes it insanely difficult to make someone an acquaintance. Certain things I don't want certain people seeing me post, like co workers or people I just met, etc. Facebook, your programmers goofed.
So why a separate app for messenger? Just stupid!
Works 100% smooth... Samsung Note 2 & 3
Good app
excellent
Want messages back on facebook itself ....no need ..to get fb messenger ...and a major problem error 492 evrytime occurs.
Can't to facebook it crashes and comes to home screen
Im refusing to download the messenger app. I keep in contact with certain people on Facebook that I dont want to have my phone number! I will not allow fb to take over my phone!
Where would we be without facebook
No notifications after last update  crashes several times... Please fix crash problem.move. To sd option is must this app is getting heavy after every update...
I cannot download 30 and more picture
Cgfb
Okk
Message prob. >.<
Facebook ruling the world
Now I need a second app to chat? No thanks.
Good but not so good
B
I can't send a message! I love older version
Brilliants
Only good. But not bad
Rupesh
Location still have problems. . Cannot automatic update when I wanted to post status. .
Veryyy good and so sweet
Keep in touch with all
Very easy to use
Since this no longer has a feature I used regularly I might as well use the mobile site.
I always lock my screen on vertical poistion so it doesnt turn around, so explain why facebook automaticly rotates my screen? Because no I dont want it any other way.
Now everyone can connect
Worst app ever since The update. Tried deleting it to redownload. And now it just says file invalid. So I'm done with the Facebook app.
Ever since the news feed change I barely use the app anymore except for messenger, please give the recent posts first option and more privacy options for who can see what i post or like and who CAN NOT see until then I consider the updates to have made  this app JUNK
Please make improvememt in the app by adding an option to stop game requests. Enough of candy crush, papa pear sagas requests.
I can open my acct. but kept on loading and loading..please fix it.
no komen
Always good
Fast & good
Stop with forcing the top stories!! I don't know anyone who hasn't been away from Wifi for more than a week care about popular stories. Everyone uses most recent-everyone. I have stopped using the android app and reverted to web page use and my ipad. This app destroys the purpose of FB.
Just posted my last Facebook post from the droid app.  I refuse to be forced into downloading another app just to send messeges.  Going to just send text messeges from now on.  Fix this and I MIGHT reinstall.
Nice
Very slow
There is no reason we should "have" to download the messenger, just a way for you to stalk your users! Let people use it if they want but still let us use regular messages on the Facebook app!
Forced me to install messenger in order to see my messages? Do you know some people like me don't want too many apps in thier phone? What is the point for forcing people installing messenger in order to see messages? NOTE: TO ALL PEOPLE WHO DON'T WANT TOO MANY APPS IN THIER PHONE,DON'T UPDATE TO THE LATEST VERSION,IT WILL FORCE YOU TO INSTALL MESSENGER!!!!!!
Its a great app for me
Slow
Nice
There was absolutely no need to remove Messenger functionality, and I will not install another, pointless, app to use it. I will simply stop using Facebook to message people.
Berilent
Nice time pas.......:-)
Bull s*** ! After thousands of update now they removed messaging feature! They want you to install new messaging app that takes all contact list and so on.. uninstall...
Sprr
great for keeping in touch with friends n family but very addicting and can take time away from the real world if ur not careful!
Gr8
So nice
Ok
Facebook is becoming a rubbish application. Got no news feed .. can't even chat to friends and family nowadays . I don't get messages . Im definitely looking for a new application which will replace this rubbish!
Do you know that downloading this app gives Facebook full access to your private information. They can even control who you call and email if they want to. They can message people on your friends list for you with out any knowledge on your part. They can do WHATEVER they want WHENEVER they want to and you have no control at all. I uninstalled this app, if you like your privacy you should too.
Not happy about having to download the messaging app to provide message someone. I have the app I should have to download an other app to be able to talk to people
Noch
Atul patel
I like it.
Addahwa
Good
Very gooooooood updates
To many "sneaky" activities.  Uninstalling until I hear news that Facebook has stopped forcing it's unethical practices on its users.
Excellent
Nice
Uninstalling!  You should listen to your customers!
FACEBOOK
Im sorry but you are not going to have permission to access my phone contacts,  send text messages access my mircophone to record at anytime along with pictures. That is a violation of privacy without saying it clearly. Im not having messenger automatically installed if I dont want it. I already uninstalled the app. Fix this and I might re-install.
You ask a lot for our personal info and I have to download the messenger to chat? Hell no, change that
Good :)
Fix it
Bablu aha
Yang terbaik

Why u r forcing to downlod mesenger , they dont show my messeges and continously saying to downlod that dummy mesenger app if u want to reach your meseges. What the hell is that?? If u fix that i will give u 5stars
Ever Since I Updated It , I Can't Watch Videosss
Made me get messenger app to see my messages. I don't like being forced to use something. Bad move.
Love it
All good but sometimes it doesn't show the like if we liked it .... plz fix it
Its good
Baby gurl
Why are you forcing us to download that?? Please revert!!
yes
Def
J
Nice app
I love it
Please let us have a custom setting wherein we can customize everything we post and who can see those just like in the web version.
bad
We want replay for comments pls fix it .. And u don't listen to us
The amount of your personal data Facebook can access is un acceptable for example recording audio taking pictures even accessing your messages and editing them  a complete invasion of privacy
Interpretive
Suuuuuuuppppppeeeeeerrrrrrbbbbb appppp
Hayss .. >.<
But shoud be fast n smooth in arm v6 processor
You're new messenger app is bullshit
Third class app
It's been freezing up more often and crashing alot. Sent a few crash reports back to back
Nice
There isn't the slightest chance in hell I'm going to give you people access to MORE of my private information. If you have any common decency, please respond to this & let me know why or how this could possibly benefit me - NOT YOU. The good folks @ Facebook are getting creepier by the minute. Please respond - I'd love to hear what you have to say.
After I watch a video then scroll through my news feed the app closes randomly. PLEASE FIX ASAP!!
Pretty good...actually...saves time.
Why I need to download Facebook Messangerto receive my messang Can your delete the ad
Excellent. There is NO alternative of its functional aspects.

It make my phone slow
Bad
Why we should download    messenge for chatting ..:-(
I'm not like this new interface...... old one was more handy then new one.  when I'm chatting with someone notification, message & friend request shortcuts are not available. those aren't available into many pages also....  please make a new interface with permanently available shortcuts
Too much battery usage
I l0ve it
Now trying to force the messenger app on us... why would I need or want it... I have this thing called text messages on my phone...
So, FACEBOOK where are all my last few posts? They are not on my Timeline.
I have to force stop everyday to get it to load properly. the same stories keep showing up, when recent stories should be on top. Oh, and I hate the new messenger, it's overload!!!! CAN WE JUST KEEP IT SIMPLE, PLEASE?
Very bad and annoying. I hate it l! I can't see most recent post.
i don't like facebook removing messages within the app and moving it to another. BRING IT BACK.
Very good app
Its awesome
Gd job
No goood
Good
Plz fix news feed problem....
Improved functionality, battery usage and responsiveness over the last year or so. Developers need to be less lazy in implementation; permissions access is more invasive than necessary (read SMS to automatically accept Facebook mobile codes?). Stop nagging folks to install sneaky out-of-channel updates (use Play Store like a legitimate developer) or Facebook chat client.  Previewing Facebook messages in the status bar (indicating capability to receive/interpret messages) simply to present me with a nag to install (another) battery-draining application is unacceptable. Android KK 4.4.4 - Nexus 5
It a good social media
It is too easy to  communicate to friends
Need to reinstate option to view messages as this is down right shocking you can get stuffed for all I care hopeless idiots
loved it
I shouldn't have to download a second app to make the messages in my Facebook app work. I'll wait and log in on a PC, thanks jerks. Bad call.
There's really no use in making us use messenger.  I dont have much room on my phone, and i dont want to waste it all with two facebook apps.
Everytime ya'll do a update, ya'll mess something up that was fine before...please make it better not worser!!!
I hate that I have to use the messenger app on my phone. I don't like the app! Facebook is really beginning to suck BAD!
Are you making us download a separate app to message people
Its automatically starting
Before the application opens a white screen shows first.
It's an alright app but I'd really like to be able to select people I don't want to see my posts. Apple has it available for their app and it's making me crazy that I don't have the option. I would also like to see most recent posts without having to go through seven things to do so.
Loved it
Bhot
facebook is to nice because you can communicate to others
Has nice view of photos and videos and wonderful pictures you can make and facebook video
V.good
I am about to uninstall this app all because you've taken away inbox messaging. How dare y'all force people to download messenger?! I have bookmarked Facebook online and will use that from now on.
Its a great app now since the update
It's getting worse with every update

Hmmm...gud
Asp
POor app. It will just make you crazy..
Why should I download a separate messenger wen I have Facebook app. It sucks I don't like to use a separate messenger for fb chat..
They're tying to push us to another more intrusive app for messages.  No thanks.
Love it
This issue occurs every time i click on a video. The screen hangs for a moment and then the app closes no crash dialog no nothing..I am using micromax A250.Please fix this issue fast.
good
Why do you impose on users to download your bs messenger! Notification icon with number is irritating. Uninstalling fb now!
Force closing again and again sometimes it shows 4 to 5 force closes in a min. Plz try to do something
Thanx for app
Why must you remove fb message into a new bullshit app which we need to download it ? It kills my memory gig and if I download that new app, I wont have any space anymore. Please fix this. I would give 5, thanks :*
I'm not installing a separate app just to be able to read my messages. Put them back!
Sucks ..the new update is sucks .every minute a problem .. I want the new version
Good
It was a great app but after the update news feed wont upload and I can't see my own profile plz fix and I will give 5 stars
I love it. . I just hope fb will allow me to upload my son's Angelversary memorial video, they wouldn't let me for i don't have rights to the songs on his DVD
dont use this, use third app
Why u r forcing people 2 install this app
Priya
This app is cool. Works fine on my Nexus 5
Its very good apps
This is beller than other China mobile
Always having issues with pictures not loading whilst scrolling.
Picture quality is very low even we add high quality picture
Facebook
it's getting slower day by day
Its very good app
Less older news feeds keep updated news on fb.
Bochoy2110
Tafijul
Cv club
Forcing us to download another app to use message mode is lame. I'll use browser mode instead.
Too many glitches!
You can select most recent for the news feed, but this app is beyond ugly now!!!
Facebook mobile
Slow but goodly er.
I can't use "chat" if i want use "chat" i must download the new one.that make my memory full
bring back the normal messenger! I don't wanna install another app for that!!
Superb website..go facebook...
It keeps freezing
Great andriod apps
Nice
Battery draining fast and so much unuseful services...
No mater how many times you force close this app it continuously restarts itself and drains your battery. .... its better to access Facebook with a browser.
A legacy to leave behind forever. Timeline.
I love you
So I enter into facebook and, I click on random videos as usual but, this one particular time I cannot see the video. What's the problem. Only solution on my end that I can think of is reupdating my facebook page making sure the notifications and timeline stories are up to date as well as the videos I can't see at the moment
Nnnnn
A good and easy way to get on facebook to talk to friends and family
Convenient to keep n touch
Why i cannot install it?!!
Good
New messages feature doesn't on this app
Best app
My smart, sweet,  incredible niece (well, ONE of these brainiacs!!) :-) is in the process of,  not only spending her time on fixing my "older" iPad, but also seting up my new one, during our trip to NYC, but ALSO just b4 she leaves for her freshman year at NOTRE DAME (See? I told you she's SMART!! - But all their kids are!) I should be back on Facebook  soon.
Latest update removed chats. I'm encourage/forced to use messages app. I've already use whatsapp, hangouts etc., do I really have to install another app for that in my phone? I don't think so. Especially when it's an app from Facebook, famous for lump ugly performance hoggers excuses for apps.
Has anyone actually read what Facebook is allowed to do? What happened to our privacy?
naila naeem
Melamadathil
Use more memory in background .. Twitter app is best it doesn't use memory in background
Works ok
Rahul Mahadik
Awesome app
Cant seem to watch videos posted on timelines. Starts playing the video, then 10 seconds in it Keeps saying "something went wrong, canmot play this video." I fu**ing hate bugs like this the most, coz IT WAS PLAYING THE VIDEO TO BEGIN WITH!!
Cant send mesages with out using a messenger app wtf  what is the point of a facebook app if u can not use it to send mesages thru facebook
Nice
It freezes again .what's the point in updated it if it makes it worser.
When I m bored this apps is my best friend
I hate when I have to wait so long to see a picture and upload a photo or a video. I thought it was my old android.  But men, I just got a new one with more features and capacities. Still having the same issues, even with the update.
Can upgrade.
I want to change my username(Vanity URL) again...its very disturbing when you have done spelling mistakes or random....fix this issue by enabling the users to change their username frequently for as many times as they want to.
Ossam tym pas
Tanks
fb app is superb..!! i like it but please dun force us to install fb messenger i hv not downloaded fb messenger and my facebook inbox is not opening it says download messenger and messenger is not good i hate it.... i gave you 4 star for fb app and i hope you vil fix it soon please please fix it By the way app is too good i really love it....
Khan
V
Superrr
I want to be able to read and reply to messages on Facebook, not through another app. Thinking about deleting.
Aq sangat merindukan seseorang ... Darsono
Very good
Good good good
Amezing app it soooo fabouxx in my andriod handset
Superb
too good
It's very good
This app only works in english. Not shows other languages.. if its shows other languages it would be five star..
Love this ever cuzzz itzz relly awesome...!!
Why do I have to now download messenger in order to check my messages, that's stupid. Messenger sucks!!
If I'm forced to download the messenger app, I will delete my fb permanently,  I will not have my privacy invaded and my rights be violated by you.
It's ok but don't like the fact you can't choose most recent instead of the news feed being a muddle of posts from different dates
Too slow!
Super love it plzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
I love Facebook
I love Facebook
Facebook's app is  almost as bad as their website. Slow  unresponsive. Mostly useless... sure wish my friends would switch to Google +... it is Sooooo much better. Should get award for worst app ever.forcing me to download another bloated app just to do messaging has convinced me to uninstall this bloated app. Bye bye
Please update fitur banned for admin in group their manage.. because that fitur so important for admin group. Thank you.
I won't be using this app anymore. Its just a lousy money scam. You get money as so many people download your app... Then force people to download another app... I deactivated my account and will not be making another. Good work Facebook. We shouldn't be made to download more apps. If I wanted to talk to somebody so bad I would call them. I'm not using more data nor space on my phone for a choice we don't have. If your about to make a Facebook. Turn around. This isn't what it used to be...
This  is great
Super
The world's best software
Good app talk to your freinds
We r miya bhai
READ THE PERMISSIONS FIRST!!!
iprazak
Too much time take to load
Gud app
This is the best software ever
Can't log in
Storage space is a problem. And I don't think it's fair to make someone get messenger so the day it becomes mandatory is the day I no longer use the app just saying.
Awesome
The app is usefull........
Fcg
This Ap fills up my phone memory too quickly.  My phone shows I still have tons of space but it goes from 13mb to 30mb for the ap in a matter of seconds.  I keep deleting the ao n reinstalling.  I even immediately stop the notifications....nothing helps.  I must delete.
I do not want to download messenger.... is there really need for that???? Can't we just have an all in one application....
It helps us to contact our friend's with message and we can also we can chat with other
It's okay. 
Verry good application
Most favoraite app .
This app just lost most of its functionality. If you want to send messages you have to get a separate app that needs way too many permissions. I'm one step closer to closing my fb account because of this.
This point is enough for this
Not loading...
Good
The fact that you force us to use messenger is really annoying and stupid. I can no longer be able to check and send message through fb. While my memory is insufficient to install messenger!!! From 2 stars down to 1 star!!!
Awesome
Facebook
Its ok
Sucks...doesn't load...takes tooooo much time.
Useful application , smart and more than a friend . Impressive application .
Yesssssssi
I'd like to sort my news feed by time instead of top stories. Also, now I can't see my messages unless I install Facebook messenger. I don't want to install Facebook messenger. Facebook already takes up 121MB of storage space & I can't move it to my SD card. Why should I need to install something else to use a feature of Facebook?
I like it too much
Very nice up in android phones
Awsomeee App ever
Very bad
All is well..
Lovely
I like this app its so good and we can talk to each othet on it its look as a pelephone so this is my openien on facebook
Muwah!
More friendly app than  before ;)
It is very nice app most download
I want the old messenger. .when I click to the message it keep loading the new version soo don't change anything
Messenger app...
Best
plz make d app as same as iphone plz
This is aosam app
Permissions. :) t
I enjoy using it
Just when you optimized it enough to be smooth on older devices (i'm on xperia pro), you force us to have two apps with this must-have messenger extension. And it's slower than ever!
Ahmed
Yeah
Super
its good but it takes more time 2 download....
u need to allow ppl to go in their inbox without that stupid messenger
new update opens android market. does nothing else, even if un/reinstall. FAIL. almost as dumb as timeline!
can't update mine.
It gets slow
?,
Superb ....... I love it
I'm extremely disappointed that I have to download Another app to my phone to see my messages. It should be my choice but your making it a must.  I disagree with this. Id rather not go from app to app just to do what i can do from one app. Deleted my account it's not worth it
Not good.
it's nice but take so much memory
Love it
good
Why does this app needs so much of memory....?!?!?!
O haw 5star
You shouldnt need 2 apps to do one thing. Thats like going for a drive thru and getting hamburger buns at one window and meat and condiments at the next window so dumb and lame looks like myspace may have a chance of getting big again
I do not agree with an app having the ability to control my internet connection, read text messages, view call logs, send texts on my behalf, or use my phone to take pictures and listen to conversations!
I want the old messenger plus it adds mb to my phone ugh
Last recent update I've nothing but problem. news feeding won't load properly. & sending report to fb after some time bug report sending message. please solve problem .last two updating start a hanging problem. lots of memory used. please solve.
It is very faster n we can do lot of things in this
for now in unstalling this app. i rather use fb on browser rathan this one. why? you'll soon know it.
Not bad, not bad.
I can't see News feed any more in this version , fix it please
It is nice.... i wnt to keep more photos in 1 album.. it is possible...
The app keeps giving fake message notifications. Trying to get me to install an app I don't want. This is now spyware with the new permissions. I'll be blocking access to such data as my contacts. Uninstalling as it keeps sending me spam instant message notifications telling me to install another facebook spam app.
What was wrong with having your messages in the facebook app? Why are you now making me have to download a separate app just to see who messaged me? This is beyond stupid.
New
Kya
Facebook(MukaBuku)
Exaland
Rajat nandi
Great app
I find this app giving a problem i just updated it again but still theres no improvement based on retrieving messeges n loading news feeds its running too slow now i had to wait and wait before i login please fix this problem please
Nothing has been improved,it soil b okay if earliests two r three virsions r reinstated.
191
exellent
Excellent
Awesome!!!
The application keeps exiting by itself.
Bullshit keep update !!!
about relatins
Cant update status, can't comment.. was good before update.. Pls fix..
First, can you please let us upload more than 30 photos. Second, please put a privacy setting where I can select people who can see my posts. Third, make my news feed show most recent instead of top posts because a lot of us doesn't really care about top posts. And last, this app keeps on crashing. Please fix this!!!!
More power
Hey
It is good app but somebodies post wrong picturs
Not happy customer!  I have had to uninstall for the first time since purshasing my phone 6 months ago. Since the lastest update I have had endless problems. I'm getting notifications but comments have disappeared once I click on them. I have emailed the creator and hope this will be sorted! :-(
facebook
Facebook drains every little information known about u and your friends from ur phone u should read the Terms Of Service for fun, and we agree with this ?
It's not happening
Most wonderful apps in d world n it best in communication
This is really annoying! I cant maximize the app because it always freeze and most of the time its not responding and the app crashed. I am freakin annoyed and discombobulated!
Its good to have facebook.. but don't force us on the fb messenger.. don't link it n force us to use that.. we can also read the msg from friend in the fb message.. is a waste for us to install the messenger...
Nexus 5
Colorful
I can't open the messages.,please fix it
Its so cool!
After long wait, it's finally here, a better facebook
Facebook
Vasim
Photoes
Stp forcing apps that tell everybody everything.
Goooooooddddd
It crashes after every second...I dont know whats wrong with it..every time when I open it it crashes couple of times atleast and says not responding...and its working a hell slow now,and it updates everyday but nothing changes..plEase fix it asap because I hate to update an app everyday..plz fix all of this I mentioned....thanks

Social Media
Nice
It amazing really good app
After update become more lag now...and no notifications
Playback always stops?
I really love facebook
Thumbs up for Facebook! ^-^
Nah thanks I'll uninstall
This is a good app
Is nothing private anymore. The new privacy permissions are ridiculous.. may have just lost a user..
Facbook
Sms
like it very much
4th time I've tried the app and 4th uninstall. Updated 06/20/13- App still sucks don't waste your time. Eats a lot of memory even when not in use. Still sucks another uninstall. Way too many permissions required for install. Not secure. Runs all the time. Update: 12/19/2013, Still a bad no terrible app. Why does it say 16 MB download but jumps to over 40 on my phone. Don't waste your time mobile version actually works good. Wish I could post negative stars. This piece of junk doesn't even deserve 1 star!!!
Without the possibility to write messages this app got useless for me. Since the messenger app made my phone constantly crash i don't have any facebook app now, so the development of the new app made everything way more complicated. So back to browser surfing.
Went from a good app to almost identy theft appp gonna uninstall till fixed
Why can we still not have news feed as most recent?
Omg facebook changed my world & thoughts
You Suck Facebook

F9 but old version must better
Does what it says on the tin
Super
Always crashes my music, lags awfully and I have to leave facebook and go to messenger to talk to people, PLEASE FIX
Its force closing frequently and phone freezes while using Facebook everytime
V.good
Very good, but too many ads!!!
It eats up a lot of memory. Havin' a hard time updating.
Landu
I love keeping up with friends and family on a daily basis.. We all get so busy it's nice to have Facebook to share our busy lives.
Good
Top worst developer maybe ... Why force a msging app when you havent fixed this one.not one video has played without a error msg. Pull your head put of you bum
everything is good..but consumes a lot of memory
I think this app needs to change the fact that unless you download messenger you cannot view your message , some of us dont have the internal space to download yet another app, this is very annoying , will give better review when and if fixed , other than that works very well
Poor app!
Bt b I lykd d previous version more
Nice
The only reason I have kept this app was for messenger, now that functionality is gone.
It's very good
Very much like this

Nuam pang2
Extremely laggy after update.
Hi
So now facebook forces us to download new apps.  Why force?  This is very scary.  I just uninstalled all Facebook apps from my phone.
THIS VERSION SUCKS!
i like the old version the messenger is so annoying
Love it and easy to use
When i open the app it is just a black screen
Kaboom
Nooka.reddy
Bakit palaging lumalabas???
I love this app ...because...in that has a older version also..but that not enough. ..this newly version has great theme ..great speed...nice configuration. ..mast hai yaar...
nice app
Facebook
pls Stop Making me Download Messager .. I already have Facebook
i love facebook
Ok je
programme
Hoping next update will be better and it eats so much memory -.-
Nice
Nice app
is the best facebook
Sucks!
Facebook is the best
Can't upload and can't watch videos. 
Facebook
this is so nice but still their is always a problem on it coz sometimes i cant open the messages and more times ive always recieve late messages.. hey facebook wer u please stop diz kahibangan coz it makesss me irritated...okay so fix diz now..
Malli
New fr coming
This last update does not work. No longer able to view pages. Times out, last version worked much better....
I LIKE FACEBOOK. . .
What the heck
i hate the fact that now it is a must to download to the messenger.  My mobile cannot support the messenger and also pls think of all the people who's mobile dont support messenger
Good
It was good until you forced me to get messenger. I guess I'm going to be using the web version from now on. Take away some of the outrageous permissions you're asking for and then I'll keep facebook
Its slow and it wont work right stupid thing I hate it
I don't know what's wrong with this app. Whenever m opening this app aftr 4 second it gets crashed!
It's ok
Awsome working when i udated my status.
Day per day coming updates and app memory increased .. high memory eating ..
Do not use!
I'm not going to download a 2nd app that does the same thing as this app used to.  I'm also sick and tired of my newsfeed being taken over by all those annoying "suggested" posts...
Good app :)
Plss fix the message it cant open
Easy 2 use..!!
26031991
U
Fair
Its very intresting app to use fb But i cant open the youtube link by this app.
Excellent
Excellent.
What's wrong!? -.-
Bosan
Great
Everything
Yunus
Why do you need to read my SMS? Why do you need to listen to my microphone at all times? Why do I need to install a second app just to read messages? Tip: download permissions manager and disable Facebook's prying tendencies
Really Facebook why did you move messages to a diffrent app! Really!? Put it back how it was! Because I like to check my messages. So put the messages back how it was! Because now I have to download another app just to look at messages! That's the worst update ever! Put the messages back to Facebook
Xxxxxxccxc
Exciting
Poor performance doesn't deserve  the amount of resources it uses.
Messaging is broken
Facebook executives have decided they need to know everything about your life.  Look at the permissions list, tell me I'm wrong?  It's one thing to track what I'm doing on their site, but on others?  Why can they listen to me and make calls/texts on my behalf?  Lots of concerns here for me....
No chat facility in it use less
You know what I'm going to say.
I l0ve it
Move
Ernie
Nice work with you to know that the best of luck with your friends to join us in our own lives of many different ways of the day before I was just wondering what
Don't you believe in freedom of choice?
It's aight.
Terrible
V.good app
Gud for all
Slow and keep freezing
Awesome
Thank you facebook. 10 years ago its hard to communicate my friends and family abroad but because of this brilliant idea we can now talk to them anytime. Thanks
Please fix.
New facebook??! Very disspointed!! U force somebody to install fb messenger app!! Hate it so much i like the old. I hate u!
Every thing is nice and good but unable to receive vediocalls frm other pc and mobiles.. so plz update it ...
I dont want to open facebook messenger . Because I dont like messenger so please can you fix that
Wow
It hangs like anythng in my cell....so irritating... :-/ :-/ but still m giving 4stars...becoz i love facebook but i hate to face my book... :-P :-P
It's perfect now, just like using the desktop ver.
Just love it, have made quite a difference in my life.
thankn
Niksan
Fine
(Nexus 5)
Nice
awesome
Kahn
Nice
Good app
Suck
Poor
Great app
Privacy invading on a level not seen before, NSA much?
I prefer the old version
Excellent

I like Facebook cause i like being able to keep in touch with my friends and family and even my church family
this app is requiring too much space. even you're not updating it, it keeps on consuming too much of my phone's memory. and it also requires you to download facebook messenger for you to be able to read your messages. hope you can fix it. otherwise, 5 star for this app.
It works well, and pics even look prettier on mobile.
Because it works properly in my phone..
Ohh my gosh my news feed is not updated please Fix it
Fame
Gr8 app helps really very much to operate my F.B A/C better but it asks to crop our profile picture in square so plz fix it I want to put it in always landscape size so plz fix it...
Very good
It's is very nice apps you all can download this app
Updates alot lol
im so happy
Awesome app
Eats memory fixed the freezing but hate that it wont let me see my messages wth i hate the messenger app and i wont get it i guess it might be time to give up in this app finally
Not connecting...
I used to have a Samsung admire, but since I got this phone 2 weeks ago its been awesome. #5 stars
Love it.
I love dis app
stop use this app cus virus to force you install the messenger. i use browser instead. make my phone run more smooth and faster.
I hate "top stories" you should be able to set it to most recent
Facebook keeps people toge
I cannot open new tab for the link.so if fb fixes it then without doubt i will give 5,10,15 or more stars..
Nice
Don't force us to download this messy messenger when v don't feel it convenient.... Really disappointing...
As I open the app it crashes down..! Please fix this issue.
No chat .
Good
It's ok... Not good, neither bad
Messenger app is BS and do NOT down load it!
WTF facebook...... after complete dowbnload it says invalid pacakage..... galaxy fit.... the older version was better
Cool
Daily news,news paper
Cool
Aweso
Use it to believe it.....
Stupid messenger apps when this was working just fine to begin with! And also have an umbrella block all game invites button.
Its good but works very slow compellng me to shut it off
GOOD
Ok
Iliked it
My Fb Login isnt working .I would ask a reason for that ??? Huh??
Awwwwwwwww
B;
Every time same old news

Little bugs
Mohammad Aamir
itx not a gud.bcx itx fit it...
The new network wirks faster, better Response. A better phone LG L7
I do not want to install the messenger, it should give me and option to say no I do not want it I just want to send a message to my friends without using a messenger . They need to fix it asap.
It is much ok without the messenger.. t0o much revisions, i like it when it was just simplier...
It forced me to get messenger... or  else my messages were not opening
Hangs alot. It was good previously but created a hell lot of problems now.
Gfu
Ja oye
News feed and update on status is great! I like it and also enjoy reading what everybody post. No worries.
Super
Better each update for me :)
It is very good app.
The app gives me no problems at all.  5 stars.  I think maybe a  pro version at $10.00 to upload more photos..jus sayin.  ;)  THE BEST FACEBOOK APP..PERIOD.  the fast app...needs help being fast...
Down load lpls...
Facebook
Good is always good
Poor experience compared to desktop. Only shows you what Facebook thinks you should see.
  yes i sad that ... ... .....   .      ..............., yea
Great social app for every use.
Keeps closing off.randomly, last 3 updates have not fixed it, instead it had become more frequent, rendering it useless.
So nice
The messages are disabled. Back to browser I guess!
crashing every 1 minute, laging,running very slow and eating all the memory
Ssssshhh...:-)
Bestapp
Love of life
Facebook on my sony z1 is a complete joke have to uninstall then install just to get my newest news feed to load, going back to my iPhone!!!!
no offends but really man?? You want my honest opinion this new app (Facebook messenger) bad idea
Uninstalling due to split with messenger. Will continue to use web version on Chrome.
Awesome app
Lovveee
Nice and easy
Not even usable
Fb is best
Unchecked "game notifications" from the app to no avail.   Facebook pays the bills from forcing apps on you.
Videos cannot be played. And why cant I reply my fb msg through this app instead of it launching the messenger app?      EDITED- Now fb wont allow me to change group names with this app. When i press save it just keeps going back to the title and nothings saved
Latest update repeatedly freezes up, then forces to front over whatever other app is running repeatedly. This is extremely irritating. Please fix!
When we open messages in fb app .. option comes to install fb messanger .. n we cant open our messages untill we install the messanger .. please remove that thing
:)
Superb app!!!! But fb has started sucking now
Superb
slow
Good

hello
Magia kera app
Great
I like facebook, but not the app. Please fix it, it's terrible.
Hopefully it becomes faster and flexible.
Look Facebook dont fix what isnt broken  now on my page there is no about  all thats gone everyone else has that but me no  since update  it went crazy and w should not have to have seperate app to send messages some of friends dont have messagner and i wont be able to talk to them  its to much space quit with the updates all time
Fix the messages!!!!!
Seems to work better now. Not happy about being forced to install Messenger. I was fine with the original pm.
I cant download video from facebook ....pls sove this problem...
Facebook
Verry nice apps
Sajid
Huh..what to say abt this..:/..
Al
enjoyed
Love it
What else will I say except LOVE ET!
Update selectively loads pictures and doesn't stay on most recent setting first your feed. Facebook you need to fix your application. It works Fine on iOs but yet the 4 years I have had an android phone you haven't fixed these issues. Samsung galaxy note 3
please fix in the next update. Fix the upload issue, before i updated it can be counted in second for me to upload photos, but now its more than 10mint and sometimes failed too, and for when I see or open the photos from the album or from my timeline, its always blur and not clean event thought I wait for like forever, please fix it cause i really love to see my friends drawing in clear hd like before this update. Fix this sooner and i'll give more rating.
Vvv nice fb

HASTVARAMv.n.reddy
Awesome
Veryyy verryy good
Awesome
good app
No i dont want to install another app to see my messages waste of time good buy facebook
Yoyo
Hate the look, and now I hate the fact how you have to now download the stupid messenger app! Can't you just keep facebook simple! I'm not getting messenger!
Please fix the problem it makes my phone got slow
Thanks
It'll work when I download but will take 5ever to get my account logged in :-(
Please add the see translation option for the next update. I will rate 5 stars if you do this. Such option is only available on the site version.
Why do I need another app to read my messages???? Its stupid!!!!!
after the update the app does not have possibility to read msg
Hey facebook you gave me a reason to hate you. Why are you requiring me to download the facebook messenger? I dont need that.
Sometimes it freezes but overall pretty good
This is an issue on this app and the Pages Manager app. It's hard to do anything when commenting is such a hassle. Please fix this. Thanks.
Too F**king Slow.
Bikin hp gua jadi lemot tuh...
Can reach the fb quicker.some may hate it but i love it.
Pagal aop
Thanks
Good
Good
Harshil
All it says is starting to upload and I can't access Facebook unless I uninstall and reinstall and then don't upload another video. Terrible. Galaxy s5
That is so stupid, The Facebook App itself is very heavy. and now i have no Storage Space left. and then, you want me to Install the new freaking app to be able to chat with other people. SCREW THAT, WHAT A WASTE OF STORAGE SPACE
One of the world people connecton site
That's bull s....
Galaxy
I love it u should definately get by the way eric shrauzer beat that
I can't install New update of Facebook in my mobile
I cant read any of my darn messages till I download some stupid app !!! Fix this please cause I'm about to go back to MySpace where theres no promblems ever! Thanks !
But its too slow And loading is too slow
Thi
92221392
why is it that is need to re install ths app. it is n0t working to my phone.
Facebook
Faster . Smarter. Better
new way to chat with ur friends - only with messanger! with my freezing Samsung Galaxy S Plus thank you but thats not fair ! Now im gonna delete the Messanger and FB and using it on my PC :)
Good app
Good
It takes a lot of space.
Jordar che
Pls make it more fast
Forces me to download the messenger
Deepak
Two things I hate about the update.  1. I have to download the messenger app and I don't have enough internal memory! 2. I can't tag people in a group post unless they are my fb friend. I don't want to add everyone in a group if I don't know them personally.
Its mindblowing
Best
Crashes too much
po make kace
It won't let me watch videos, please fix it.
I love it and this is a very nice website in worldwide around the world... ^O^
Working
Unread my mesage on facebook
facebook
Suya
Dabhoi
Vijay Ind. Arvind APanchal
Ok
Nice
Get rid of the new messenger
This program is slow
Why you need to read active calls? Why are you reading all incoming/outgoing calls? When, I denied permission access for Facebook app with the device manufacturer provided application, I came to know this big privacy breach. Uninstalled app as soon as I came to know this issue.
Super
Down loaded it to my phone no problem
Love it
We love you Facebook
App
I would have given 5 stars, if this app will allow me to copy posts or status and also allow me to download videos of fb on my phone ...!!! Thank you
It's ok, just annoying.
Popular apps, easy way for publishing anything to public.....
Nice app.....
Vikki
I realy want give it 0 star, but i cant
Happy day come to all
nice but too slow to uplod pict and video
Cool
Needs a (unlike) icon for the bad posters
Good
It downloads very slow and takes too much memory space please resolve
I know I like none of them
Facebook
:)
Nice
Connection issues
It's perfect dunno what else to say
Love love it
forcing to install fb messenger
Why do you need to force us to downlpad fb messenger? What if i dont have enough space? Please care about this thing its not cool
Why is it compulsory to install the messenger. My phone doesn't support it. How can I chat now
Hi
India can live without nuclear weapons. That's our dream, and it should be the dream of the U.S. also.
It's ok
Good
Nise
Lovely
Good
Whats this rubbish about having to get a separate app for the messaging if I wanted a separate app for messaging it would have voice and video chat options.
It crashes at least three times before it actually works. Also, I hate the fact that I am forced to install the Messenger app just to see messages. By the way, it crashes a lot too.
Fb. I want to message my friends on FB itself, not a different app! #BS
Ghanta madarchod humko messenger nai chalana h fir bhi gand me illi kar rahe ho lawde k bal log Zabardasti ka messenger kyu download kare hum apni maa ko chudao lawda
Nice app
Facebook
sabeer.e
Life. How long does this take to down load
Great
Since my facebook app updated my about section on my own facebook has disappeared and I cant edit any of my stuff!
Can't reply to comments and can't see the comment which has got maximum likes for a particular post
Very good
This app should b movable to sd card
Mine is the best
Facebook,please stop helping israel.
Excellent
Its app going bad day by day.....v:-
Not bad
You suck mark suckerberg
Works well
cool
Please improve  pages feed

Emdadul Haquue

facebook
Love it
Does what it should but due to unexplained ton of privacy breaking permissions, the ginormous size of the app and the decision to remove chat, a major Facebook feature, to a new app with even more privacy breaking permissions I can't go higher than three stars.
excellent
Good
I like facebook
Love
Coolll
love it
Goods
Good..but news feeds suck
Nice
Messenger is gone "we moved in hell" your app suks
nice it's easy to downLOAD (Y)
Its ridiculous that you have to use a 2nd app just to inbox! I dont want a 2nd app! Its inconvenient,  non productive and why should I make room for a app I dont want!? Might aswell get used to twitter instead of this
I spent a lot of time opening this I'm new study this when I got to the very end and it said open and I put in my and password it f***** me over you know you know what is bullshit I don't I don't I don't dig that
Very good
Worst  I ever seen in my life
Removing because the force fed messenger app
This app takes up too much memory and as a result becomes slower in time. Also make the recent news feed the default setting as this is the news feed most people go to.
Fantastic
Why msg not open in fb... why i should download messenger ?
Keeps crashing/exiting. Please fix. It's very annoying. Stop ignoring users reviews and do something about the problems
awesome app
Dammi
I don't want to install Facebook Messenger but it is forcing me to install it. Without that I am not able to chat
Facebook is very good app but it messanger is very bad...messanger used some ram,so mobile is hanging
Share up to date photo and video
Facebook.good.no..
Super
Sucks
Apps is very slowly update and like or modified to sd card insteadh not support sd card
Try it
bad app
Not bad
Sakkarai
Fb is cool
I had a proplems in cover photo
Jimmy
Gud
Superb
Facebook
Good one but candy crush ko hatao
Ai kennot heva gout serviis
I Love  GoD
Love it
For some reason i can't play videos on fb. Everything else is good
Sardar shareef
Loved it
I love this new fb
Average
It's too heavy App. Only 1 Stars coz of Heavy Update in the Result i cant use my FB Properly :( This is Bullshitt Update i'm not Enjoying it bcoz its soo heavy Update. Plz make it like older versions 8.0 & I need the Copy Paste Function in it's all Functions & plz Improve the Mentioning System of Pages & Peoples... Like Mention a Page in Status, Comment etc. Waiting for Ur Reply. Plz must rply Thanx...
Very poor
Nice
Installs but complains it failed to start and forces an uninstall :( galaxy tab 4
I hate the new messenger app. Refuse to d/l it. Use this app less and less. Just keep it to keep in touch with overseas friends.
K

How do I edit my page the about me section is gone please fix
No privacy settings at all!
Some pics not downloading and how to download video from fb
amazing update but it keeps closing on me please fix and more stars
Liked it
Love it live it...:-)
99343247
I don't want to download another application that will consume my ram as twice.
Amazing
For us
Very goood app
Latest updates is very very   bad and poor  -_-
You can't download videos as before
I love facebook
good
Fine
Deleted its self had to reinstall it
Face book
Where is the VIDEO CHAT!!! And whats with the video player... No options at all. Try usin sum features from Mx player. Rest of it is fine. I request u developers to act fast... Thanks :)

NEED MOST RECENT NEWS FEED AS DEFAULT!
Please fix the "Cannot play this video" error.
Can't believe you still haven't done this. Just pathetic, Facebook. Never up to date with what's going on because posts are all jumbled. Why can't I just see most recent at the top? I don't understand why this simple request is too much to ask? Why Facebook can't implement this when so many people are asking for it is beyond me.
Nice app thanks.
<3
No 1 app
Get socially connected
I like dis its nice to use
It automatically closes down when I updated it
I love it :
Sooo
joss app
Why?? Because we need to download messenger app. I hate dis! Can u plzz fix.!
It's wonderful.
Its vary nice
I wish i could give negative star.. u cant force me to download the messanger.. i dont want to...
I am soo dissatisfied with this app it dosent let me do alot of things??
AL
Habang bohaiy kita mamahalin.
Gembira
It medos crashing even males messenger crash. Fix it please.
Take so much memory :/
It is much easyer than on a browser
I love it
Prem
luv it
jan
There is no option to download the videos.  Old version can select own video players.
Good
Nice aap
Not feel like desktop
Nice
rahis
Not very well. It's too slow :/
Awsmeeeeeee !!!
I like too
Won't let me watch any videos on fb. Half the posts are missing. Always comes up with error. Was actually better when I had an iPhone. Facebook for android is terrible
This version sucks!  I like the old version of Facebook.  I hate messenger it doesn't make sense at all
have to uninstall older versions when an update comes along, download anew, then have to readjust all settings again. No other app on my phone has this problem.
Fix this pls.
I'm not going to download a separate app for messaging, when the one on the normal app worked just fine. I might just delete it entirely from my phone and only use Facebook on my computer from now on. Worst "update" ever.
Nice
Beautiful good good good but one problem is if by mistake my name change into other name so then after 2 months will be change. Why ????
Great way to stay intouch with friends etc...
Good
Like tooo much
Its good..but lag.use much space
Great
Work needs to be on facebook. It's slow and kick me out.
No, no good app here. Make you get messenger. No privacy. Baaaad juju
Its really good. But sometimes It doesn't load ur news feed for many days.
Cavad ismayilli
Agutidorcus
But there are still some bugs and problems which are unacceptable
Ilove this app
Hate how it has always forced refresh randomly and I always lose my progress down the feed and have to start over
i hate the new updates, forcing us to get dat stupid messager
Super
Love it
ilove facebook a conect and see your friend
It is for my love
Why do I have to download another app for private messages? Useless Facebook!
Great
Super coooool
It's okay. Can't say more than that really.
Very nice
loveing  it
Khan
The best app eva
Very good app
wow
Loving it
Love it......love it.....mega love
it sucks like big time
the best app
I see its good but something is wrong pls fix and I will give 5 stars
This
Suck on Facebook messenger appeared
Shesh.k.v
Hi
No word
Like it
So disappointed.. Last months.. Its ok, Now?? I dont know  if i install again this apps..
I don't like idea of this app needing so much access to the rest of your phone and your life pretty much. I may switch to using Facebook on my phone's browser
Good
Luv it a lot but they should stop making it update but luv it hope u have fun.
Every time i try to download this it says error but ive checked my phone and i have plenty of space to download it.
My fb is hacked recently..wont u fix it @teamfacebook
Amazing application.
Good
Hai
I dont no wat they ask for review.. More memory and battery consuming...
Wow Awsome
Please fix
Whats the matter with the new facebook msn??  I dont want to get this stupid app,  I want to see my fb msgs on facebook like before!  I must not download the fb msn to see my msgs thats stupid!
Nice
E
Excellent mode to interact with loved ones
now it lite.. from earlier version...
Please stay the same...
I've not been able to bring up any messages that i recieve.
Boom panes boom boom panes panes
Its nice
Poor installing...
Good
Too slow, not enough control over privacy settings on posts, plain sucks
I put a code genertor on my phone for security purposes and now the code won't send to my phone. Ridiculous
I cant play videos after the update please fix it..
Just love that app.but have fewer prblms while launching.
Can't play any videos, so fix it!

Fast & essential
Great^u^
Good
Thanks
It's bad that Facebook forces to install messenger. The messages can not be seen anymore from Facebook app :(
Gulam
Los
Yeah, I can see pictures now, but I don't care about what happened last week! Most recent instead of top stories would be more helpful!
Good cumunication but not spend more time.
Superd
ana
Da cool
Awesome app
My phone has very limited storage space. The fact that I have to download a separate app to do the main thing I want from this app is ridiculous. No one cares if Messenger is "faster" or whatever. I have never had a problem with the speed at which I receive messages in the main app.
Nice App!!
Useless now it doesn't send messages.   I reluctantly put this app on my phone in the first place!  I will not be forced into a second app, and un installed this one to boot.
its easy and fastest way to connect to your love ones.

Often times I am unable to view videos ... grrr... not happy yet...

Have to use a separate app for messaging. Suck a dick Facebook
Tehe
awesiome
Built-in messenger no longer works. I have to install the other fvcking messenger for me to read/send messages. useless as fvck. I wish they didn't update.
Romyo
Looking for alternative app. Not going to install bloody Messenger
This app was working fine until today when I woke up. And no there is no update needed. It kicks me out the whole time
NonStop me mece ven. Napise mi "facebook is not responding"
App is very good I like it
Its ok
As usual people never learn to keep well enough alone...... You forced the messenger ap in order to read inbox messages and I hear to uninstall Facebook as inbox won't open. I already use Skype and don't need another messenger... What's wrong with you people? But thanks for trying
I want the Facebook-app to allow me to view my (and my friends) content on Facebook. Nothing else!
Good job
I Liked app
Horribly intrusive,  and violates every users privacy. I am deleting my account. Look into the permissions on facebook messanger and join me in deleting this and using google plus or just snapchat
Yass i love facebook its coo r w.e
Ok
can't even save my photoes from messenger
Not a slow app its good worked properly ....
It'ok
Bring back old messenger
New update sucks!
Excellent
Make it able to change the group cover photo...
Getting rid of messaging on the facebook app to force us to use the messenger app is ridiculous.
It's good but sometimes it gets stuck
After sharing 3 or 4 pics it randomly starts shutting down and stops working.
Good
I will NOT be using Facebook Messenger. PERIOD. I just don't trust Facebook anymore. It's too interested in making profits instead of making a great service people enjoy. I will NOT use this app. I'm simply refusing to send messages on FB anymore and might just delete my FB account all together. The level of privacy invasion is beyond ridiculous! STOP IT!
Keeps on saying. "Signing in failed. Error appeared."
I don't understand in some pages that has different languages, might have to put some words below every posts saying 'See Translation'. That would be awesome. :) ;)
Good
Awesome App
Facebook was OK till I updated it now it won't launch and is using over 90mb of my phone plz fix so I can use again
But it will be good for future
Log in
Q
Facebookkk!!
Still needs some  improvement
My
Message system ruined!
Saya su
Should download
Ka
It's good except for when I play videos on my Sony Xperia M they keep stopping half way through coming up with error message saying video can no longer play please fix for 5 stars
Always love
Nice
Good
Afsanapervin
Facebook is very addictive and important as all my photos are there to remind me of my past
Llik
The new u.i . Is crap and has few options for customize feed and to hell with you Google for forcing it after I disabled it
This app mises some notifications it do not shows all notifications and hence they are missed please fix it
Jo Na Lgy Apna..Wo Apna Hy
loading very late
I liked this app up until they made messaging a whole new app to download. Just pathetic. Facebook has been going down the drain for years. I wonder when the next big thing will be out that wipes out fb like it did with MySpace. Don't get yourself into the fb drama. Its annoying. Just check from s browser if you have to get on this worthless site to begin with.
Goooooo
Can't see the "about" on my friends pages, I go to the mobile site & I can see it, but this recent update doesn't even show the "about" option. For any of my friends, only on mobile. Also please fix it so my "in a relationship" is on my main page when you view it instead of having to click "about" PLEASE FIX ASAP
Since I had to upgrade my FB app my videos start and stop. My news feed still keeps jumping to the top when I am trying to read my posts. I do not like that I had to put the additional messenger on my phone. PLEASE FIX THIS PROBLEM. I HATE THE WAY IT IS.
Haha very nice
Hi I'm a worthless teen who wants features that don't exist. Fix them now!
Foodbook is good it let us know what's goin on nd see people's that we know
Fb
Tariq ahma
For limiting what people see. And regulating "post reach", just so you can make money, by FORCING people to "promote" their posts..... For a business page, that is one thing. However, for you to force those who just have community pages, that share everyday life, is pathetic. WILL NEVER support Facebook, or its greedy, fraudulent staff
it takes long time to install this app.
superb.
NEED MORE IMPROVEMENT
Seems like they make it worse with every update.
Punjabi (gurmukhi ) font is invisible in android app please look in to it.
It's facebook
Wen i go on the app it says facebook is not responding then it will say report or Ok and when i press report it goes back to my apps and then Wen i press okay it's does the same thing .... And also ween i first log in it's logs me back out fix this two problems and u will  get more likes
Mrs
Why it ask for messenger if we dont want to text on that please fix it.we already have Facebook app so I don't want to install messenger.
One thing that's super annoying is that the 'Turn off notifications' for posts doesn't work on my app. It's getting really annoying, too. Also another thing that sucks is that you can't control what you see in your news feed. Who wants to see 3 day old posts? Come on, dudes.
hate the chat bullshit that was taken away for some retarded app
I can't see anybody's videos
bagus
It's too bad.
Very Excellent Apps!  Thanks :)
More fake ids seen
Internasional frend
I dont want messages to be moved to another app.. that aint good
Nice this latest version
I hated the Messenger app even more than I thought I would- and my expectations were INCREDIBLY LOW. Deleted that. Now deleting this. Since the UI for desktop manages to be both cluttered and inconvenient (click after click for almost everything), I'm essentially abandoning FB. I suspect much of my highly sought demo will do the same. But, hey!, 12 yo girls LOOOOVE STICKERS!!!
Brooko
ok
Okk
Suprbbbb
No images loading in facebook app for android. I'm using HTC one v..!!
I dont like to use facebook messenger! Why it attached with this app please solve it i just like to do chat with this facebook app
Why did you closed the chat?? ?
... Is now being forced on us. What a ridiculous move. A separate app, really? It's unnecessary, pointless and now mandatory. 1 star is all you get for that move Zuckerberg
Bring back our LIKED pages in our News Feeds!!! And the new update is an odd set up
Gud wrk
Amazing
easy access to fb..nyc app..?
1 of best useless app i ever seen..... :-(
ghs
Meh. Image upload quality is worse than Instagram. Not cool.
This app is running like crap. Needs better updates
Nice
Gud
Big Raw
GREAT APP :) !!! I've had a few minor problems with the app freezing from time to time but other than that I have NO COMPLAINTS AT ALL :) !
But I am so happy
fevzi karaxha
Bettet than before
I love this app because its another way to communicate with friends or family. It awesome
I love it
New update SUX
Every time update. ..
Hate every update that comes across.  Why is it that Facebook decides what we get to see from whom? I don't even see half what my best friends and family post anymore even when I go to their page to see it.
Suck
I can't sync my contacts.. No option in settings. Plz fix
Best
Love it!!
The app itself is very convenient. The recent decision to force users to download the messenger app is ludicrous. "Notification of instant messages,  but must use messenger app to respond." I will not be downloading the messenger app and highly considering uninstalling this one and returning to using my web browser to get my daily Facebook fix.
Sociak network
I m loving it.
Constantly stops unexpectedly .
Superb..!
Mmmmm
Deleting the message section of the app was a dirty move probably funded by the gov.
FB recent app is huge! Why?? And also FB now forcing its longtime users to get messenger. .....its very fishy, this app sucks, I want the old facebook just like the rest of the world. I think theres spying going on....luckily for me I dont care I have an abundance of morals in my life and I dont have anything to hide :) get it or dont get it.. its b.s..
Requires too many permissions and too much access to device. You suck Facebook.
But I can't play online game in my mobile why? Please upload online play game
Its good....
Love the app. I can't watch videos that people post in my news feed, I click on a video it plays for a few seconds and then says, that an unknown error has occurred. I could watch videos before doing all this updating.
I want the older version! That doesn't force me to use the messenger
Really love it....
Thanks Facebook
Why take out features?
You can probably guess where I think you should put Messenger. Why, when I check 1 star on the review it keeps changing to 3 stars when saved?
Great I just cant stop being on it I think Im adiccted to it
Forcing the users to install the FB Messenger app? Wtf...
Good
Quite ok now
facebook is a good
Is the best of  all time
Messenger
Instant force close on nexus 5
It is just for time pas not for time waste...
I'm uninstalling this app due to the fact that I'm being forced to download FB messenger, I shouldn't be forced to do anything!!
I'm dissappointed with being forced use Facebook Messenger instead of the chat set up you had before. The Messenger is very irritating and difficult to turn off once used. BUT MORE THAN ANYTHING IT TAKES AWAY A FUNCTION I use all the time because it isn't available on Facebook on my computer any more.   I want the function in messaging which said when the individual wasn't last active!!!! I now can't get this info anywhere on any version of Facebook, very sad  :(  considering finding another FB app.
This is very useful.. it helps me evryday
I cannot watch videos anymore, they freeze. And now I'm having problems scrolling down the newsfeed without it exiting the app entirely. If this doesn't improve than its 2 stars, but for now I decided to be generous and give 3 stars.
The Fact Facebook App FORCED messenger on its users... Is why it gets one star.
Can't look at your messages without downloading the messenger app
HELL YEAH
Fb is wanting to much control.  I can't access my messages anymore without downloading another app... The app gives fb all my personal info
Nice Facebook
Informative
amazing app
Always stuck on news feed
New update not so flashy wish they would make it better .
its amazing
...is nonexistent. Garbage interface for tablet users. Stretched out phone UI does not a good experience make.
Promise
Way cool
Tooooooo many permissions need to be accepted...i would like a mobile FB but it is just not worth losing my freedom...
This is mindblowing app.
To use the messaging system, you need to download another app, this app is useless for messaging now apparently
<3
Why. You want unlimited information about me. I would rather pay for the app then let you take my data for free. I would pay you to protect my data. Not sell it... Fix you app and get messaging back on this APP. Hell let me pay to remove ads. YOU NEED TO GET MESSAGING BACK ON HERE.... IM NEVER GONNA DOWNLOAD YOUR OTHER APP... I'LL EVEN DUMP THIS APP. OUT OF SPITE.
Good
Dont have too many hoes on there
Good app
This is my favourite  we'd site
I'm leaving this review at one star until we get the option to use the old messenger function again, screw this. I don't want or even HAVE ROOM for a standalone messenger app. It would also be nice to be able to unfollow stories and stop notifications on posts. You're getting FURTHER from what your users want.
Useful software for everyone.
Cool
FB is fantastic in recording our Thoughts. I gain knowledge by being in Facebook.
Ok
How it's possible that you don't let users to upload HD video, that's I logic, fix that,  is like I buy a phone whit a good camera for nothing
:)
Love it
Facebook wtf is your problem!!!! You will not work at all for me!!!!! Plz plz plz plz fix Dx
Change the permissions of the app or I will delete this app & my account! You DO NOT need to be able to listen to my conversations,  take photos, record videos, or take my information from my phone to use however you d@*m well please. Tell me why you need this information? What are you using it for? Is it to make Facebook more adaptable to my personal needs? Grow up Facebook. How about I decide how to personalize my own Facebook? Maybe think about that for a change. Sincerely a very upset Facebook user!!!
Messenger privacy.
Lol
Nice
The app is still worse than the browser version. How can the app force close because its loading too many entries while scrolling down? overload?! Learn from g+ team how to make a working app
Ever since its release, the Facebook app keeps getting more and more invasive. Every update requires new permissions that give it more access to more information that it shouldn't have and doesn't need in the first place. Now people are being forced to download another app just to read and answer messages, no thank you.
It always quits and does force close ..
Now I can't message anyone, it wants me to download messenger which I don't like. Please fix this issue.
Awesome
So good
Update wont allow the app to even open anymore. Lg g3
Excellent

Really Facebook why did you move messages to a diffrent app! Really!? Put it back how it was! Because I like to check my messages. So put the messages back how it was!
If i can read other messages as well from the app...I will give 5 stars
Facebook
Good
This app is so good
News feed is old, from days ago sometimes. Can't view comments on statuses, can't view the "likes". Just really cruddy app overall! Deleting it until ALL the issues are fixed!
LOVE this app!! It makes keeping up with everyone super easy!
Me me
my best apps
Nice improvement :)
It's going so freaking slow
Nice App
Am one of the facebook user now the facebook was spreading very fast and easy to acess sooooprr yaar....
I really dislike FB requiring so much access to my personal info.
Rate
Vishnu patil
Installed the app...start up is really slow...loading pics..tokk at least 5 min...loading up a video takes 15 min. ...that's just great...signin in thru web browsing thru my phone was much more faster than the app
Ok..
But it's not so safe
IM GONNA FUQING FLIP IF I HAVE THE UPDATE ON MY PHONE ONE MORE RINE
Why does this app need access to almost everything in my phone? Why is Facebook severely crossing the lines of privacy?
Good
cool
Awsome
Why are you forcing me to download the messenger. You don't think if I wanted to I would've done so a long time ago. I just won't use fb to message people now.
Nice
Sonyxperiam
Download
doesnt show notifications and wants me too install fb messenger to send messages why the hell do i need two facebook apps
No reply to comments in pages..also allow to copy contents from news feed and pages. select option isn't working.
This is nonsense!
Iove you appayi
very good
Like
Its okay
I loveit
Fix video Downloader on fb. I'm using 8.0.0.2.24 version and I think that's beast fb ever
Anytime I open the app, navigate away from fb like clicking on an external link and go back to fb, or get a notification, the app automatically goes notifications that were hours previous to where I was when I opened the app. Then randomly, the news feed starts over with different posts from either hours ago or days ago! Not liking the last update because it made everything worse. Even more, not liking not being able to see recent posts. DONT FIX SOMETHING IF ITS NOT BROKE! Please do an update that works!!!
I had a facebook account at the age of 12 com on
Since the facebook Messenger app came out the privacy there is none. so to revolt against facebook altogether I have deleted it the messenger app plus the Facebook app. It is not worth it.. Facebook Facebook you will be sorry.
Love
You have to download a completely different app just to message now...wtf?!
I liked it
Wow
I HATE that I need a separate app to see my messages might just delete this thing for good.
Best apppp
I like it
No more messaging? No more point. Uninstalling.
I don't want to be forced to use messenger how FB wants me to. I should have a choice.
Unable to download for 8 times
Horribly slow..... Facebook needs to stop
App does not even open any longer. It force closes itself everytime I click on the app
New friends and you join the world
Ever since I installed the latest update all the app wants to do is crash. Give me back the last version. I have my wedding video of our wedding vows and it crashes every darn time. I have been a facebook user since I think 2007, so please fix this problem.
I honestly hate the app its waay to slow no matter what and it gets on nervous I just have it cause my family makes me upload pictures
I don't want another app to download to view something I should be able to view in the current app I have (Facebook) I just want to see most recent. Not top stories and it eats too much data. Oh and it doesn't load new stories. Y'all should be fired
Yall need to fix it okay I dowloaded this app for 23 mg okay and then it ends up like at 100 something mg yah need to fix that couse non of the othere apps I dowloaded go up dramastacly like that so fix it now and then I will give you more stars
Thank God
Awesome
Invasion of privacy & Crappy News Feed
Dose the job
abis update malah disuruh download facebook massager. mending di uninstall apps ini :v
I cant open messages anymore when I open a chat head it just hangs up my samsung galaxy note 10.1
Speed up
Great
Each update makes this app suck more and more
5stars
Its suppose to be a social network.  If I cant use it socialize through messaging then whats the point?
Am using moto g. I updated for the latest version of Facebook. In that am not able to download the pics as I was able to do in d previous version.
What the hell
unknown error "-24" please help me ..
Good
Runs lovely and beautifully fast, too. :D Good Job, Facebook. :D
good
Super.

Ain't got much to say about it because it's really messing up. I can't see who's on anymore. Kinda messed up now. Whoever is working this needs to do something about it. I mean come on. It's someone's only way to communicate. Now it's crazy. Becoming more and more different. Guys need to get it right.
Nice
Every time i open the app it closes
My bitches can't get a hold of me why?
Nice can see many picture
Out standing app. Its boon if used for only good purpose.
From 5 to 2 at some point it was like iPhone app fast stable just amazing ,but now it's like we are back to java Facebook
STOP FORCING US TO DOWNLOAD FB MESSENGER. WE KNOW WHAT IT DOES TO OUR PHONES.
Good aplication..
This is the worst app ever! It constantly freezes up my gs4. Everytime they update something gets worse while other gonna might get better.
So very enjoyable app. I like to use this everyday
You know why....
Loved it
It slowed down a lot but pretty good except for that.
Sj
Every thing is ok but i dont see how many friends i have
Good for comments
Im gonna uninstall if u keep trying to make me download messenger i dont want that app i want to b able to check my messages when i want to not when u want me too smh...get it together Mark
ok
Social media a.... understanding the like... becomes ....meany words ..how what form becomes pain and starts psychoses... r. That grumpy so they sound ...ha ave..
Wished y'all would fix this darn thing,  it's aggravating, to read the top stories and you get 2weeks ago news over n over! And When scrolling down your page Especially When someone posted videos Yeah, it stops,  and shuts off, so fix it!.
V
Liked it
I don't have unlimited data . messages stays active and runs my data up. Thanks and good buy.
Its too nice...if I feel bore my all time choice is fb only...I love this...
Ricardo
I have the moto x and I don't have the option on the app to sync with my contacts!
Facebook loads but I can't scroll down my news feed or view any other page. I normally have to shut it down and relaunch it several times before it decides to work. Fix it!!!
Please Update New Version
I cant see any pictures its just gray the whole time nothing wants to load
YOU CAN SEE AND TALK WITH GRAND CHILDREN THAT'S FAR AWAY!!!!!!!!!!
I really like it but wish it was faster.
Very much useful
Easy to open own your fb account
Like it so much... :)
FB DEVELOPERS:  Unbelievable!  DO YOU HAVE ROCKS IN YOUR HEAD?  The STUPID steps to get to RECENT FEED TICKS ME OFF!!!  I had to factory reset and now I'm FORCED with this CRAP version!  I have THE top of the line Samsung phone and it's only YOUR app with issues for my last five cell phones.  Inept developers who don't test properly OR pay attention to complaints.  Shameful since you have the money to pay for quality developers.  LISTEN TO THE PEOPLE!!!  And your app is a battery hog.  Fix that too!
Pardeep
I luv this aap b coz this aap is very easy to use &graphics is also god that's y m giving 5*
Shouldnt force people to use messager if they dont want it.. It makes phone freeze and still cant read my messages...
Going top instead of most recent. . I have to refresh every time.  Go back. I can't restrict people from seeing my post anymore. .
How do i get my new msgs??

Change the feed to default to most recent.
This app has been very helpful,  it rarely glitches or freezes and Facebook is always at the tip of my fingers.
Works best in wifi and 3g. And uses more resources and ram. Also required to download messenger to send message
It is a nice apps
Love too have porn sex OMG!!
Nice! :)
Update sucks.
Keeping up with friends faster than ever
Why the heckler do I have to download a separate app for messaging. You're blowing it so hard Facebook
Slow!!!! It exists every single second can't even be there for 2 mins it stops fix and it's a 5!!
Again
Vk've Gandhi and in the world and in the world in which is why I was a little too much to the next generation to be able the first to the first place of a bit like this Iowa city council and a half hour and the next day I am looking to get to know about you are looking at least two weeks after all over it and in a half the next few weeks back and the first time I have been in which he is the world of their respective authors are the world in the world in the next generation and a bit more of the first go
Keeps saying invaild package n makes my phone have low space i had this app once n worked great but now it sucks!!!!
Facebook is becoming more annoying. There's a reason why I never wanted the messager because it's annoying and now if I wanna see my messages I have to have thw app to see my message!  I call it unfair!
This is awsome
I really dont like the new messager
Fentastic social app
Cant scroll fb app from anywhere i want, it's so much irritating. Please fix it
Good
The last 2 updates have been awful,  newsfeed looks messy, location is on by default and can't watch videos... Fuming!
Nooka.reddy
Love the new look.
Love it
Really? We have to download the messaging app? Stupidest thing I've ever seen
Won't let me message people unless I download the messenger app. This is wrong to force people to download an app they don't want. And the reviews on the messenger app suck there is no way I will download it.
Just for trying to force me to install your stupid messaging app.
my account blocks for 30 days
I really like this app because u could talk to my friends that's not in my eara
And it's LAG sometimes. Please fix it. Next time expect 5 stars to me. Thanks!
Becoz if i want to share photos and videos that was easy in this FB apps...
Not bad but takes up so much more memory then this last one & the neews feed sucks
I am really in need of that feature. I am hoping to see it on the next update.
This messaging thing is absurd
Please fix the chatbox. I can't view who are online. Also the profile picture in my chatbox is not updated. I hate it because it is very irritated. I need to view our conversation so I will know if they are online... Please fix it now. And also I can't view in my news feed the most recent posts.
Terrible! Just terrible. This last update makes me want yo throw my phone across the room. It constantly errors out. Anytime I try to click off the news feed it just closes fb. I'm about yo uninstall fb. Terrible
Remove link on fb messenger! Its not helpful.really sucks!
It's forcing me to download the messenger app. I don't want it.!!! I just want to message my friends on Facebook.
Uses too much battery, too many permissions
Can't upload one stinking picture of some speakers I'm trying to sell. So disappointed, but this lame app will post all the drama in the world. Bout to say the heck with Facebook. Smh.
Why the hell,. I use to view my messages only messenger? ?..i want to back to view msgs via this app,.. stop doing bullshit
And because of that, i uninstall this facebook app. To bad
I don't want to have to download the messenger app to see my messages! This sucks! And also if I'm off line even though I'm on my fb people still know I was online! That's Bull crap. If I don't want anyone to know I'm on fb they shouldn't be able to see I was on there!
I want to be able to see recent posts not what you think is recent and photos dont load most of the time...other then that im good and i love the new look of the playstore
I refuse to download another app just for the messageing it's redic, download a app for this app just to make my phone run slower deleted the Facebook app will use internet for now on
I'd write more, but you've already demonstrated a lack of responsiveness. Waiting for "the next thing" so this app goes the way of Friendster, MySpace.
like it
It takes to long for me to get my messages, data is very slow. I also think you want to know to much information on my phone usage.
Its nice and cool
I'm now having problems setting cover photos.
Best facebook for samsung.only problm in video uploading...
Cool
ERROR LOADING NEWSFEED. I see those words in my sleep now.
Very nice app
Why it always crashing.please fix it..why is it always hang up?
Useless update,.....
Mast hai
Can no longer message through the main app. I'd rather not be forced to use their messenger app
Works great but the resolution needs an update for the LG G3
Its make my phone lag ! Why we must install Facebook mesengger ? Arg ,, Its make my phone hang !
Love it this app
Crashes everytime.
New update sucks
I don't need all these different apps for practically the same thing. I prefer fewer apps with more capabilities. This is pathetic. Leave msgs in the Facebook app.
Yanpoda Raskla
Best
Need 2 be able 2 move 2 SD Card!!!
Well not up to xpectation... When ever i open it... Not responding focus close
Where is the ( about ) in my profile. I mean to see my details  and why cant i see who i am following in my profile. Please fix it fast
This app is absolutely horrible! I'd rather use Facebook in my phones browser!
Like
Don't use fb much so yeah its okay!
I ca. Talk tah al mii friendhdsb
Just nice ..
Need to have most recent as default can't stand seeing posts from a week ago.. Please fix
Getting worse day after day.. now you can't send messages
Keeps me in touch with family & friends
Cool
Excellent app...But needs little  Improvements.when we shift the profile pic to a prior profile pic...the whole like we got for that particular pic gets vanished..Also we cannot add a place or location at which a pic was taken....But infact this app is really great...
It's so gd
Superb
great app
I luv this app
Its best app..
Good
i want the option to se Most Recent in my news feed...and why is my chat always saying people whom ive unfriended are still in my chat???
On any of my friends' posts!
Dyari
Ok
Are you kidding us with all these permissions fb your now part of the problem! Sell outs for our information....heads up peeps on this update read first! Making money off your information! FB sucks! We need something new!
To
It's easy to see what my friends are doing and what they say on my statuses.
I don't want to install messenger!!!
You have resolved the speed issue. Thank you. Well done. I would like to rate it more than 5 star but don't spoil this through your next update please.
So far so good. Keep it up.
The best way to keep in contact with friends and family that not near.
It lags and force closes quite often
Slow...
After the update I'm having connection issues, news feed everything! I have to go to my browser to look at Facebook now.
Video playback suddenly stops. Please fix this bug asap.
New design is TERRIBLE. Speed improvements are wonderful though.
ishfaq
Good
Fine
good job
You'd think after this long, you would've learned by now. Don't fix what isn't broken. If I wanted to switch over to messenger, I would have by now. I don't have space on my phone for the messenger app, nor do I use the messages part of facebook enough to consider downloading a separate app for it. This is absolutely ridiculous and now, I will no longer have any facebook related apps.
Not letting me open the app at all.
Its reallt good
Good
Reduce the app size
Doesnt even install
Slow. you made it fast with iphone. how come you can't do the same with android? can people upload videos with the app?
Facebook used to be cool untill you forced a pointless messenger app down our throats. Seriously erase yourself from history.
This is most useful thing
Let's face it, everyone is using fb these days, however if I have to allow fb access to all of my Personal information on the phone, I'll pass. Go jump off a cliff people.
It was ok until they made you get another app to message people. Takes to much space on my phone. (Data wise)
Nice app lil things herr nd there but pretty good overall
EXCELLENT
When i log out it keep sending me a message saying wrong password. But eventually it let me log out. when I try to log in it says wrong password but lets me back in.
Why in the world would you split up the app and remove functionality? It's such a backwards way of thinking. It's like Red Lobster taking away cheddar bay biscuits and moving them across the street to another smaller restaurant. You're already driving away the younger generation. Don't be stupid.
I don't need messenger, I don't want Facebook to have access to everything on my device. It is ridiculous!
Great
Its gud app to concet to frnds
I don't know how possible this might be but it would be great for multiple user support. I have 2 accounts  and i have to log in log out all the time! It would be nice if i could manage both from the same session! Other than than no problems at all :)
I don't want to have two apps eating away at my phone.  Why do I have to be forced to have both. No way!
BS because of messenger
Awesome but sometimes has its downside
I luv it bt v cnt creat r own page in dis app
Nice
Two years ago I posted this : Also, why can't it remember my preference to see most recent posts?- seems to be not only widely requested but a long time coming. Just fix this already!
Es absurdo que no me deje ver mi inbox sin bajar una 2da aplicacion
Bs
This is sooo Kewl!!!
Forcing us to get a seperate app for messaging means I will no longer use messenger.
Help
Wrong decision to separate messenger. Phone get clogged up with programs and  icons
Can't read my messages without downloading the stupid messenger app, no skip option. You guys sure are money hungry u sacks
i don't like the news feed
Why u force us to use ur messenger. Now i cant open my chat box via this app... Why u make our life hard...
Pretty good app
Being forced to download messenger to read messages on an app that already consumes enough memory? Just plain ridiculous.
Pictures won't load, statuses won't update, files won't upload... serious crap. Uninstalling till fixed.
Need to download messenger to see the chat messages .. and also you need to put your mobile number .. i have two accounts for family only and for friends , how can i used my mobile number in my other acct if i used it already in my one account .. please fix this problem ..
Error when trying to play videos
Little slow
Why we need to download the fb messenger just to read message? Additional lag and memory" to our cp.?
Its very easy to communicate with our family n friends  but we can't do video calls properly.  Request remove amenities
Keep having to update every two weeks. Ridiculous
I need help  4 loading
Ya
Great
I just got the new update today and now is force closing every time. I'm using a OnePlus One.
With the latest update, just stuck at "Setting up Facebook" screen.
Aki tengo todos mis recuerdos.
Its cool.....
Good
VINCE&jennay MARTINEZ
Forcing users to use a standalone messaging app is ridiculous. Encouraging me to delete my Facebook account entirely. Thanks.
It won't let me log in its saying that it has to open up browser and making me awnser questions iv awnsered 40 times its not a good app at all
I deleted my FB app and refuse to use messenger.
I hate messenger app
Its always crashing when i go back on the app
5 stars
**UPDATE** Still no fix for news feed. Disappointing  I want the ability to toggle top stories and most recent for the news feed back. The top stories should be renamed old stories from days ago.  Yes, I know you can go to the far right menu and scroll all the way down and find it but that is very inconvenient.
Mur karone valei aase I am assames boy.next updated songs uploaded
Please removed unnecessary files,. It's take 194mb installed . Can make it lower than 30 mb?,....
Grrrrrr
Very. Nice. I like. It
Very upset that i have no option whether i want to install the messaging app or not. There is absolutely no more privacy.
Very usefull
(y)
duleuei mia Xara.
I love this app . But my phone is hang because use this app
It's asking me 2 update every now and then
Ok
Messenger is a pointless app that just takes up more space on my phone. It should be a choice to download it or not. I shouldn't be forced to. It's stupid. Wtf? Change this.
I love love love Facebook but I dont  want to download the facebook messenger!
Love fb
Its not refreshing... it only says connection fail... >.< tf ?? Doesn't work on my android... kmft
Takes up to much space
Your stupid ad stops me from using chat fix this and i may give u a higher rating
All my friends use it! Fun an entertaining!
I like it... as i was using iphone the last two years the app which i installed in android was extra ordinary . Nice liked a loy
Loved it
If it aint working for u maybe its a sighn to get a new fliping phone. Holy sometimes ur phone is just slow
Its because my facebook account always error ohhh my God  it is not good , every time I online its always say that ( your Facebook is not responding ) why???
Need to fix a lot of glitches when clicking read more I always get the comment section.
sangat sangat paling baik
Add friends
Che
Not able to play videos.pls fix this issue

I don't know what you guys are thinking but I don't like being forced to download a separate app just to view messages. Also my phone can't handle both apps being installed at the same time because of RAM. They both use up a great deal of memory and that will certainly slow down my already prehistoric phone... Please reintegrate messages back to this app.. Just Please.. Thank You
Why is it that every time Facebook starts working smoothly, they have to change the app, leaving users to deal with continuous bugs, and quirks? Galaxy Note II
Excellent
Facebook
I don't know what you guys are thinking but I don't like being forced to download a separate app just to view messages. Also my phone can't take both apps being installed at the same time because of RAM. They both use up a great deal of memory and that will certainly slow down my already prehistoric phone... Please reintegrate messages back to this app.. Just Please.. Thank You
i REFUSE to download the messenger app so instead i'll just delete this app and use my web browser. suck it fb!
Do not like having to download facebook messenger just to read and send messages. News feed sucks also!
I text... i dont need another app. So i erased FB.
I like to
This seems like its taking forever but its still a good app.
If I could give half a star I would. This app freezes, is unresponsive, and tells me to download another app to view my messages
How STUPID.  !!
new update is ubable to complete due to error please fix
I don't get my push notifications.. Tried going into my account setting but it still doesn't work.
Instead I am deleting this app and signing in through Chrome. FU facebook.
Like thankz
Thanks for auto updating without my permission. Assholes.
Pls bring back the msges in inbox, i cnnot open inbox and they ask to install messenger so i can talk for PM.
I hate facebook messenger. I dont like the pop ups.. and its stupid to send facebook messages from another app. I had to delete one of my apps to download it. Sucks!
When we send messages and they read it I wanna get notification that they read it and when I trying scrolling down from a video it freezes my screen and when I go to my profile and the job won't show like if I wanna change it
One word: sucks
You want android developers..  Y such a big Society cant make atleast a better app.. Call me if the techis in FB Comp is just a waste
Why do I have to download messenger too? It doesn't work half the time ,and I shouldn't have to give you permission for my microphone or contacts .FIX IT PLEASE !!!!!!!!!!!!
Changing is good.
Football
Its cool
Why are my messages being forcefully sent to messenger when i dont want to get that app :( This is disgusting
Prefect! And official! Must use!
The app that smiles back, facebook
Excellent
I VE IT SO MUCH THAT A SCALE FROM 1 to 10 IT IS INFINTE OF LOVE
Nice
Top
I like ^_^
Awesome
I just love facebook its like my only friend LOL Ya I know I'm lame but o'well LOL screw it
Ue
It doesnt wanna download
"919"
There's a few things that I would do differently.
I will not download any other apps please stop advertising it is starting to really any me, fix or I just want use any of your applications
Liked it until yall screwed up the message portion. Ill be deleting this app.
Facebook
This app sux.... Why do I have to download messenger to open my messages?  The worse ever
Another bullshit update where nothing got fixed notification didn't show up when I open the app have time and still have to put the post in order I would say fix but the people at Facebook office don't care
Nice
Lol
I love Facebook. $$
Great for keeping in touch with family and friends
Works most of the time. Still draggy/freezing at times, but things have improved.  :-)
loved it
Stop forcing us to download the messenger app!! I tried it but It makes my phone lag.!!
I'm not downloading the other app, I shouldn't have to
i dont like fb
Deleted. I should not have to use another app to message. With all the permissions it asks for, I might as well use my birth certificate to log in and my ssn as my profile pic. You have to be an idiot to keep this app on your device.
Excellent
Why fb askmme to install messenger to rply a message!!!!!
Gut
Im tired of seeing my friends status that are from yesterday or certain days instead of most recent.Bad Example:: *Vicker Day* updated Saturday, 1:26pm. "Lord is My Shepherd"  ()()() Good Example:: *Ashley Smith* 7 seconds ago.. "had funn shoppin at da mall with mii friends" thats what we want to see!!
Horrible update! The app keeps crashing and now my instagram app won't open!

Horrible!! All we want is the ability to easily have our newsfeed set to most recent by default. Been asking about this for years!!!! Oh and having to install messenger is even more BS.
I love it. Very easy to acsess
Caused messenger to lock up several times a day...bugs for both apps need to be fixed
It wont show all the friends I have.
Awesome
Why do I have to give all my personal information. No thank you I will survive without Facebook.
Didn't like being forced to download app but I couldn't get my messages until until did scam
Why it keep saying error loading news feed?! -__-
I can not see any videos after the update.. What did you do??
Every time I look at my phone it seems as tho there is yet ANOTHER upgrade to do to Facebook! Please LEAVE IT ALONE! ever since this last upgrade Facebook has been running slow and horrible to me, almost to the point of making me delete it.         Making people add a messenger app is also wrong. It takes up space and more invades peoples privacy of wanting to remain OFFLINE ... that is all..... sick of Facebook even tho I have been using it daily.
App wouldn't fully load. Phone won't download the update. Uninstalled previous update and it forces close. Can't uninstall. Lame. Evo4g. Update: drains the battery on my s4, and now wants to install a separate app for messages. Too bad it's designed for phones and not tablets. Also can't get past the last 2 hours under most recent news feed. Junk.
Please dont make messenger a compulse
Artist
Wonderfull
Great allow to upload video my tablet and wacthing video ..
Good...
This is total bs! You want way to much information from my phone!  Mandatory messenger,  really?
Can no longer use Facebook messaging without another app, no point to keep this, rather use web browser now.
Dont make people download it . The whole messager app is stupid and pointless all my messages work normally . Dont make everyone download it .
I will not download the messenger. F*** off Facebook.
Awesome app
Mice
Good
Parth sahnan
Very nice&!!
If occupying app space and prompting people to use iLink and Twitter to connect then this is the app for your phone... call 911 and tell them the Facebook we knew is dead.
Required to download message to read message. The app already slow and freeze enough. Facebook message is by far the worst.
This update that transferred messaging to a whole different app, is ridiculous!                                 I refuse to install another buggy app. Restore messaging to the original Facebook application.
I strongly dislike the lack of filtering the newsfeed! I only get the highlights reel, instead of realtime feeds.
Latest updat is too annoying. Too much lag when scrolling down. It really stops and won't scroll down most of the time. Really annoying!!!
Apps eating much memory. Fb in my phone is almost 100mb. My ram also decreased and pls allow this app to chat without installing fb messenger. Thanks.
Posts r not coming according to tym nd they r showing of very oldest.....
No more messages built in. Gotta download the chat app. How stupid to have 2 apps for one social network. I'm uninstalling now
Vyg
I love this social app
Md Dilshan Ahmed Rayeen
Always crashing. If I could rate it less than one star I would.
I'm my opinion, the app is perfect!! The top stories doesn't really bug me at all, and it allows me to have the pop-up heads in the app and I really love that
Why do we have to install another app to send private messages....
I kept thinking to myself there was no way the app could get worse and it did with this ugly poorly thought out interface and locked "most popular" feed
Nice
very very slow
There's no need for and and it takes up too much data. Get it together FB
I enjoy what little I understand about social media and I like this application more then most
Cant see my messages unless i install messanger? Im getting pretty tired of not being able to see my messages i cant even down load the message app so thanks alot.
Love it
Not downloading an additional app and I can no longer use the old one for messaging. Screw that, I'll use the browser.
I have to download messenger to read my messages. Me don't like.
Ok
 ,  ,       -   .
Gun guy
I don't want the fb chat app I just want to see and send msgs I don't need an extra app to do that and your asking for way way way to much permission to access my phone and  stuff
Yea
Great
Wonderful
Dont use this or the messenger app! They watch and listen to everything you do with your camera and recorder. This is too true. Please believe!
I'm annoyed about having to download the freaking messenger app to see messages
I am vehli janta
Requires new app for messages. That was the only reason I had this so now its a useless pointless app. 1 star for a no use app.
Execellen
Don't download it
This whole having to download messenger thing is a little too much. Goodbuy.
Beast
"Package file is invalid" I see this message every time I try to download this app PS:I had the app in the past and it worked fine
doesnt work alot
The update 5 Time Samundg Galery S4
Dude it doesn't even let me go on my Facebook instagram is wayyy better
Nice One is a great source of media to get in touch with old friends
Its gud coz we chst easily with frnd bt one prblm is to not log out so plz check
Like it
FB is forcing Messenger App. Why? The standalone worked just fine. Thanks, but now the main app is useless to me.
I refuse to install messenger. Kiss my A$$ Facebook.
FACEBOOK DEV's...Why in World DON'T you LISTEN to All of These Complaints from These Folks And Give Them back their "Original Working Version" of Your Facebook App...??? Please and Thank you..!
It won't let me on the app
Not going to install a separate app for messaging... Leave it within the app
Wow
Stupidest thing you guys could have done why do I have to install messenger I don't have space to install you really need to change it I'm trying to delete a million things just to install it its so stupid
I don't want to get the massager app and you need ti fix so i can view my massage on my Facebook page
Good
It froze up with me 6 times in the past 2 days
Its ok besides me not bein able 2 see emoticons n also u can't see their About info anymore.
I don't like the instant messenger
Good
Ghastly
Fun
Too much memory used...
Since the last update the videos have stopped working.
Works good, it's fast n simple but I cant inbox anyone or read my inboxes it's been this way for 2 wks now!  Ever since your latest update pls fix!
dhil x facebook ang dmi qng nqe lala
Its a easy way to Communicate to your family and friends keep up the good work guys :-)
Ok
Not working
I dont like fb mess3nger please dont ask to dload it
King of social media.
Didn't want the time line, and I don't want this sh*t either. NO STARS...big brother!
Are these permissions really necessary? Every time it updates I need to agree to more and more invasions of my privacy. Why do you need to know who calls me...
Update is easy
The video playback does not work, and freezes my phone to where I have to reboot my phone..
Well... it appears that you don't care what your users think... I am uninstalling this app. I refuse to download the messenger and since you've blocked the messaging portion on the main app, it can now be deemed defective so why keep it on my phone any longer.
I love it
It ALWAYS Freezes! It's Extremely Frustrating!
Easy
It's very good for low speed networks......nd it's better than messanger as it has notofications,friend request ,messaging, newsfeed ,and stuffs it very good u must dowoad it
Vry nyc app
What's wrong with the photos? It doesn't load properly. The image looks blurry! Please improve that, because is really disturbing!!
This feature that loads videos automatically is nothing but a nuisance. It needs to stop.
No
This is stupid I want the old Facebook back. I can't believe I updated for this carp
Yeah
It's fast and more injoybel when using*

Forces me to use top stories natively Not as intuitive as previous It looks to blocky Harder to use  Edit: hiding of most recent stories is terrible
Moslem
Wow
It's awesome
Hell I cant Message People Without Fb messenger .what the hell is that
Great
Fackn awesome
Love it its amazing
Not happy at all with the news feed and not going to update to a version with even less options for me to control privacy and see my photos.
Remove the "install messenger" we dont want it
It's so amazing
Love my games
Would be 5 star, but freezes for a bit after watching a video.
Gooood
Abo da app msh rady ynzel
Hacker still get someone profile and ask friend request. Need to catch hacker for pay fine!
Pls improve! The birthdays and events are annoying..pls do something..
I can no longer view my messages which defeats the purpose of this app!
The news feed sucks it takes too long to load things up.... you can't see the pictures or videos right away you have to wait 30mins if that.....n wen it does load it's nit new things it's either the same thing or old stuff days ago or hours ago...you need to fix that ASAP
It great i luv it
It's better than the app... makes better use of screen real estate, less ads, doesn't do sketchy stuff in the background, and can't get as much access to your private stuff on your phone. Only downside is no notifications until I open Facebook - but NBD.
Wow, Facebook is forcing us to install 2 apps just to use messaging? Might uninstall it completely.
I am unable to see my messages untill and unless I have to download fb messenger which I dont want to download it fix it .
Logging in is much faster and easy !!
What's the point of this app if I have to install another app to measage? Oh yea and the new app requires access to EVERYTHING in my phone. Facebook is the new NSA
Awesome Much! <3
This application and its messenger application require excessive permissions, I dislike being forced to allow access to my entire life, just to chat with friends.  Facebook should either implement fine granular privacy options in the settings (disabled by default) or not request such permissions in the first place.  Just because people use the service (making facebook billions in revenue and share value), that does not mean users should be subject to excessive and frankly invasive permission requirements.
I hate it forces you to DOWNLOAD OTHER APPS. SERIOUSLY. .....
My news feed is not updating please fix this I'm giving you two stars for rite now until y'all fix this
Love this app.
Love mynfacebook
Much appreciated but Needs enhancements
Loved it
Sux
Dont force me to download messager
It has bugs in it still
gave 3 stars because the app itself isnt terrible, but i would really like to set my default news feed as most recent.  the new messnger app is terrible. i dont want stuff popping up on my screen when im trying to do something, nor do i want to have to close the regular app, open the new app and then wait for it to load before i can see my messages. im not going to be checking my fb messages if im not in fb and i fail to see why they forced into an unnessary app.
I love facebook
Messenger app is compulsory now. It's silly
I really shouldn't have it seeing as how life already has so many distractions we pack around with us but here I am updating it again. Oh well I guess there could be worse huh!
Love you
Easy does it & account secure...
This app should not be asking for permission to the majority of the stuff its asking for...messages, email, calender, wifi, to download without permission or notification, changing wallpaper, collecting data from the internet, connecting or disconnecting from the internet...the app makers are turning this app from a social media app to a spying app...i have not updated since the 1st time they brought in these absolutely ludacris permissions and wasnt payin attention to what it was asking and updated #pissed
This very intersetable app this app is very time pass able
I can't even find my about section!!!!!! What is going on
All over your shoul in here ! Never else...
Fb sees the need to constantly remove features from the app. They also make changing friends for messages difficult.
Forcing us to use messenger,  everyone boycott their apps now.
Your app keeps growing and you're shrinking functionality?
I love it
I've recently updated Facebook on my phone and it's come up telling me two different types of dates as one is saying that I set it up on the 1st of jan 1970 yet I didn't set it up on that date. Also my about that tells me about myself has completely disappeared, so what's all that about and the other date is when I was born, so confusing sort it out as I'll be updateding fb one last time and I'm not going to update it anymore as it's messing it up every time I update. DON'T UPDATE as it all goes wrong.
Facebook
Magluyan
It is very perfect
I love this very much.
I can only see one status at a time.
Who was the genius who thought of this? Was it the NSA?
Hoping with the next update users able to choose newsfeed between those two as their preference. Currently it was set as top stories and users need to go few steps to select their Most Recent newsfeed.
You have make a most recent feed link in your side bar guys. Why am I the only person who knows this??
I can't wait for the next app that will make this one go away just like MySpace. FB here's an idea stop worrying about dividends and fix the problems your customers have, I bet y'all are glad it's not a pay app. If my family didn't live all over this world I would have no use for this horrible app.
It wont open on my galaxy
So easy
You have to install messenger to answer messages now, and it asks to use your microphone and camera without permission, and I sure as hell am not doing that. If this isn't resolved, I'm uninstalling for good.
Tmarc Tanzania.
Spy apparatus
Nice app :)
Awesome speed

What if i dont want to install the facebook messanger? This marketting sucks.
This app is beginning to suck horribly through every update.  Please trust me. Dont use this. Use the internet.
I love this app
I had always wondered: is it possible for the Facebook app to get any worse? Well, you guys were able to answer that question with a big fat yes. Having to use a separate app to message is ridiculous and eats up so much memory. The old way was fine and no one was complaining. Why change it? This app has been on a steady decline for a very long time now.
I am so un happy with all your updates and I feel like I have no privacy. ...
This was a convenient app to check my Facebook, with the removal of messages from the app I am now back to using the web browser based version and this app is useless
I cannot install the app at all. Nexus 5 on art.
Taking away messaging from the app is about to make me delete Facebook. One more mess up and done
I don't need 2 apps to the same social network. Facebook messenger it's the worst chat app ever.
Very good working. .tq
The ****. Why users are being forced to replace a perfectly functional part of the app is beyond my  understanding. Additionally I don't want little circles on my screen!
Awasome apps
You suck. Put it back
App regularly mixes up order of the posts...hard to follow some conversations
So now they pick and chose what we see. Top posts or have to specifically hunt down your most recent. Yet my most recent has 12 + hours of nothing? Yeah right! And now we can't even see or send messages from the original app??? We have to have a separate app with ridiculous permissions we have to agree to...NO THANK YOU! I will not give you permission to read my texts/phone logs, or use my camera or microphone as you chose! You have no reason to need those permissions for a simple messaging app.
Social Network
Please allow me to use my photo gallery to select photos for my profile picture, thanks
J
Complete BS that you require an app to do something that was no different than doing it on the app. At this rate..I'm going to find a better social network and uninstall FB and all the apps and delete my account.
Fix the force close on the add photo option & it will change back to 5. The recent update sux
I want a built in messenger app
nice
Love this app! For small devices this is perfect because it allows you to see it larger like you are on the website.
Good thing
Helpfull for dakwah
No trounle using it.
U spend hours trying to get app open n if it does open it freezes my phone or forces close
If you get the facebook messenger app. I would read all the fine print in the terms and conditions before you do. If you don't you'll be sorry. *Not Installed Here..... Facebook is not free...... do your research and see.
I ' m happy joined Facebook
Its too big
There's something wrong with this
Chido
I hate it
Have to download messanger app to receive messages? Will be uninstalling. Will re download when im able to access my entire account.      Ssg4
Can't upload any photos , just keeps saying failure to upload.  Very very annoying , please fix it !!!
Sometimes is a must!
Facebook
Dont download or update this app nothing works right and the dont care enough to fix it!!!!!! Total BS
Facebook takes up too much memory by itself and now if I want to message any of my friends I have to install Facebook messenger!?! What a waste!!
But always says parsing error when installing
I do not want to install messenger, but unless I do I can't eve read my messages. App gets worse every "Update"
Cool
Forces you to download thier useless app MESSENGER?? For a simple message???
I dont like that I have to get a whole other app just to check my messages on facebook.... I have enough.
Khob valo
I am lonly
Also subscribe to ssundee and watch his videos
This new update is horrible!! Its so slow, it kicks me off all the time, i can barely use it. This update makes my phone run so slow and its always "not responding". This needs to be fixed asap. I'm about to start using my browser again.
Time passer but at a cost. Watch out.
I love very much
hai
Great
For real if it wasnt for the family and friend that live 20 hours away from me i would have deleted this app by now.. the new news feed is awful.. and forcing me to download the messenger app just to send a message is horrible if i didnt hate google + worse i would have already moved over there get it together facebook give us the old facebook back please
Kept having issues with news feed errors so I um installed the app. Went to reinstall and I get some stupid "unknown error code -24" when I try to install it.  What is going on??? Oh an ya...I installed that stupid messenger app already.         ***8/8...factory reset solved the issue...thanks for NOT replying****
I always enjoy using this application and never have any problems
Great
I wish I could rate you even lower than 1 star. I will NEVER download messenger despite the fact that from today, I cannot see my msgs anymore plus everything became slower! NEVER N E V E R.
I would really like someone to get back with me on this. I just updated this app. It already sucks! My news feed will not load, the pictures will not load & it won't even let me log out! What is going on !?!?
nice 1
I don't like the fact that you all are basically forcing us to download messenger to see our messages...  fix it fast.
Hdhujri
Awesome, timeline keeps error when i reload it.
I really despise that every time I comment on someone's picture, status, or whatever else it may be that I comment on, I don't always get the option to stop notifications. Can you guys please fix this to where we may ALL be able to opt out of getting notifications on what we can comment on as posts? It's annoying having your phone go off 24/7 because of notifications when you DON'T want them. Fix and I'll give it 5 stars. Thanks. Oh, please make the news feed to where it's MOST RECENT?! Thanks.
I don't want to install y'all messenger app you fucktards!
But why do i keep seeing a blank comment with the date "December 31 1969" on photos I am reading b alot of comments on? It's lowkey weird freaky..
Not working at all. I have uninstalled and re installed. Still not working!!!!!!! Fix it no Facebook all day!
This would have been better if the notification will start from the recent one and not yesterdays post..p lus its annoying how I have to install fb messenger just to read my messages..it was fine though until you updated it..if you can fix this please do..
Cannot log in after update
I completely dislike the new chat app and having to downloaded just to read my messages. Why not making optional instead of mandatory?  It was fine the way it used to be!
What's next forcing your failed Home app on people? If you make it available and people don't willingly download it, this isn't how you fix it. There is a reason they didn't want it.
It keeps adding now its 20.00 mb
Tsegay
Stupid!! Won't let me download and I'm always getting hacked!!! Do me a favor and TRY HARDER!!!!!!!!!
Every time it updates it gets worse
K
Good
Every time I type in my password it doesn't write the hole thing I'm so irriated. How do I fix this.
This used to be my go to app for anything FB related.  Now it no longer lets view or send messages and only displays an advertisement for a battery-hog and privacy-invasive app instead.  Notifications are broken in the messaging app in addition to worse battery life so that's a no go.  Horrible move expecting us to use a different app for FB messages guys!  This gets 1 star.
My app not working properly
Do not like the new updates. Every time I'm on it and while scrolling down, my phone lags and freeze because the videos in the newsfeed automatically play itself which I do not want. It's very annoying and irritating. Please fix and I might give a 5 star.
I cant watch any videos fix it!!
With all their money they just cant seem to get their app right on android or ios. Some improvements recently but lots of bugs and crashes.  Ive deleted it because to add insult to injury you are forcing people to download your messenger app. I refuse to do that . If I need to access my messages I just access facebook mobile on google chrome and to be honest I dont notice a difference between it and your app. Bye bye to all fb apps
Nice
No videos play fix this  plz and shows post from 2 years ago
Y r we not able to send mssges nd y we hav to.install messenger nd y cant we send mssges widout messenger
Sucks balls big time ! News feed doesnt show recent , i have to download the messenger , slow even though im on a 4mb internet speed , fix these or review will stay
I like it
I don't see why you need access to my personal info. Or why you need permission to read my messages and such. I will be deleting both the app and message and will be telling anyone I meet to do the same.
this app eats ALOT of memory and runs pretty slow .. can we please fix this? !
Messenger is the issue...can you change it to optional install. I do not want to install messenger.
Fantastic App!
I need help
My hero
World wide
I am not installing the messenger app due to ultra privacy invasive agreement.
Won't download:-(
I gotta download a app to message everyone ??? Awful just awful.  And if you don't comment on something you won't see there posts. Internet Explorer whooping up on this app.
Excelance
Update: now its just completely broken on my nexus 4. Refuses to open. Works well enough on my phone for the most part but not really good on a 10" tablet. Works ok but text is small and it would REALLY benefit from a resizable widget.
Its facebook looks better then my normal facebook
I love this app
This is the gayest facebook layout ever.. its ugly as and theres not even a home button that you can click to get out of a message.. id give it ZERO stars if i could.. is there any way to un-update??
Automatically turns on wi fi even if i turn it of its on in five minute.this eats my battery.dont need that so bye bye app.plus dont want to share my phone state or contacts.who the hell do you think you are?see ya
Give me back my old update!!!
The best ever app...
I deleted the app. Not amused at being forced to download a second app for messaging. .
Won't display the same post the same way when viewing, exiting, and immediately going back to the same post, like button is in a different place and comments won't display, phone is slow and randomly reboots when app is installed
Stop forcing messenger and top stories
Nice Creating
The stupid messenger makes me want to get rid of the app.
Hoang tu phan
I'm love to online FACEBOOK!!!
I would rate this a 5 star but 1. It doesn't do what it says, you say its faster than ever well... not for me and 2 now that im trying to message someone its telling me to download messenger but I don't want to and it won't let me message anybody unless I download it.. you can't make someone download messenger if they don't want it please fix it and I'll rate it five because everything els seems to work great!
Wont let me watch posted videos. And the images will no longer load.
Why does the app need access to my texts and to connect or disconnect from wifi?
It's k.
I gave this app a 1 star rating after they got rid of messages. I rarely rate apps, but this ess such a horrible update that I figured I had to. I'm refusing to download the messenger app. Facebook will realize this is terrible and fix it. Or a superior social media app will take its place.
I hope d update will be cool
Can you guys please fix the news feed!!!!I don't want to see post from 2-3 days ago when I log in in very annoying and xan you guys please put the regular inbox back I DO NOT WANT the messenger and I will not be forced to get it!!!!!!!!
Raji
It'll give you notifications when you get a message... but it won't let you check those messages, so there's no way to clear the notifications! What the hell?
I dont want messenger
BRING THE MESSAGING FEATURE TO THE APP!!! WE DO NOT WANT SEPARATE MULTIPLE APPS FOR THE SAME WEBSITE!
Hate how I can't select MOST RECENT as default anymore
Hate the update my news feed all the way messed up and I can't even read my messages
I want the old facebook chat back :'( i hate that messenger thing  . . Pleaase get it back
Facebook is asking for access to your entire phone including the camera, microphone and your complete email address and more. HELL NO!
Trying to find my family surroundings
I would like it if we was able to customize our screens.
Messenger app is useless.  Facebook was pretty useful when it was an integrated social network on a mobile platform.  Now?  Not so much.
No problem with the network
It's OK but when I put my email it doesn't  work please fix that
Videos not playing. Been half year now. No fix. Force to install messenger app, or else can't view messages from inbox. Ridiculous. Moving to google+ now
All I see ia old news feeds. Veey bad update. Now they want you to download some stupid messenger. What the hell is up with this?
First they hide recent posts, now you need a separate app just to message people. How is any of this supposed to be better?
No chat avaliable
Bad decision take messaging out from app.
Why should I use messenger while I send a message maybe every 2 days or less? To waste my battery? I've got enough messing application on my device and I really don't need more!
My news feed keeps freezing and needs a whole phone restart to fix the problem. It's getting annoying. I've tried an uninstall reinstall and made sure I have the most recent updates but it keeps happening.
The app they want me to get is really annoying. Guess this app is useless now and im just on a computer from now
It really sucks it keeps freezing up
I have been waiting ages and still it wouldn't load
UsfulSupport
Awesome app
It works great
Forced to install crappy Facebook messenger app. Messaging within the original app is not an issue. Why do I need to install another piece of software? Reenable messaging. Please.
Poor
my love
670420170
Please allow a setting for most recent on top!!!!!!!!!!!!
Facebook
It chews my data allowance, please have this setting as default on wifi only. I wish id noticed earlier :(
Don't have the option to delete or edit your comment after posting rather just use my browser
Resource hogger
Manoj string
I LOVE IT VERY MUCH
no me deja bajarlo
When I am using facebook app for    10 to 15 minutes after that When I open a picture it didn't show it's likes and comments..Please fix this problemmm.... Please reply

O lord
Hola
A fantastic social network app with two major problem. 1: Stop making "top stories" the main feed. I want most recent and that's it. It's incredibly annoying to tap several times when it should be the default setting. 2: Completely removing the messenger from the regular app. I refuse to install a second app for absolutely no reason. Otherwise would get 4/5.
HELP!!!!!
Not bad
Love you,bae
I've been dealing with freeze ups on this app for weeks, every update does nothing. It's complete crap
I refuse to download the messenger app. I never liked it anyway & the permissions are sketchy at best. It worked fine in the normal app & wasn't as intrusive
The main problem is that you can be quite a way down your feed and it suddenly go crazy and scrolls all the way back to the top with out even touching the blue button. It always seems to happen when I am in the middle reading something.  Then I have to scroll through everything to find what I was reading. FRUSTRATING.   Wish there was an option.
The app is good just that the new one if u made a mistake on comment u need to comment again theyz no editing button.
Seriously you have to download messenger too? I don't wanna use my last bit of memory for Facebook
Keep messages in the Facebook app.  If I wanted my messages to rule me i would give out my phone number  and have people text me incessantly. Why should I need 2 applications for Facebook? What is wrong with your thinking?
Tis meh
Don't want to download more useless apps to use inbox B.S. and need to make most recent a default option
Good
But...
hate tis app!!
Good
Great
Mean for a phone app
its better than it was faster and easier to navigate.. but now we can't change viewing privacy for posts from the app.. that option is gone. .. why?
The app was a little buddy and crashy but its to be expected.  But they took away messing and made up download another app if u wanted to message. So its now two apps instead of one single app. Idk some people might like it. But it leads me to an un install
That it has to send me my notifications in a text message and it also sends them in the Facebook notifications like why?!?
Why do you separate the chat? Why should i have another app just for fb chat? What kind of stupidity is this?? F*ck you..
Facebook
Really great
How to open  videos album on timeline ?
The bomb love it
Contact to people very fast I love it
Just waiting for something new to come out so I can be rid of Fb for good 
Cool and have lot of. Friend s and cool vines
Way too much adds!
Facebook app sucks. The more it updates the worse it gets...
Since update you can't edit your basic info.
I like this app.
I'm fixing to deactivate my FB account!It already takes up way to much space on my phone.Now they say I have to download additional app to get my messages(messenger)?Haha,NOT!I'll just delete it all!
Cool
It's a great app
8 1 1992
loveb it
I can get a more diverse people as friend around the world! Nice
I can't download Facebook messanger because it takes up space on my phone. So if you could please change the fact that we cannot no longer see our messages on the facebook app.
This is for Fb in general. a good amount of my statuses are shown publicly when I have the privacy setting as friends only or family only. If the statuses were just about me I wouldn't care so much. However, a good amount of the statuses are about my niece, nephews and younger siblings. I don't appreciate fb making those statuses public.
Love itt
20
I can't download the app after uninstalling it...get it together
No good
I AM CZBOT
Works great
Can we please get the option for most recent back for the news feed?
Must have.
Students
So sick of the constant changes. Now I need a separate app just to send a message?  Dumb.
Deleted off my phone, because it has been confirmed that Facebook activates your phone's microphone and actively listens to your conversations to find relevant ad data.
I love it but I not use a lot oops
Love it
BEST AND STILL THE BEST
Made me move to  fb messenger
But kinda slow
Works perfect on moto x with 4.4 kitkat
Awesome
I can't go in to facebook.WHY?
I think, it must have Auto_scrolling mode.
Take forever to upload, fix it!! Your need to stop forcing people to download that stupid massager
fb.UC browsel
Ok
Get it
Balls
Trying to force us to get your OTHER app just to use this one at its full extent? Screw you, Zuckerberg.
I love it..
Sick of the updates.
Dfclements
Won't leave it alone
I love the Facebook App and I'm expecting more.
I want more updates
Can't even get into Facebook. Says Facebook isn't responding. Fix your app Facebook people. Uninstalling the app until problem is solved.
Like
The sound on the videos arnt loud anymore unless I get headphones
Nice
The best
Yep
Get it together devs
Whenever I open this app I have a long wait until it decides to work. If I want to post a status, in addition to this wait, once I start typing Facebook will auto close my keyboard, and refuses to let it open again for another two minutes. Now that I have to use a separate messenger app this app seems worthless.
When are you gonna sort the custom option on the privacy settings? Several times I wanted to rant but exclude certain people from seeing it.....
The new auto play on videos will ruin you data plan, might as well be on dial up internet. And as usual, their customer service is about the worst in the business. App takes up too much space. I have to uninstall it to update it. Ridiculous since I can make my other apps run from my 12G SD card, not fb or Google.
If i wanted this app i would have installed it already! Your bad decisions will eventually make me stop using Facebook for good!
Moving the messenger as another separate app was a bad move. Uninstalling.
I really enjoy facebook, but I don't like how it automatically chooses top posts, I want to see most recent, and don't want to switch 'most recent' every time I log on. Also, I am not happy that Facebook is the ONLY app that I can't save to my SD card. It takes up so much space that I have to uninstall fb app to download another, save that app to my SD card, then redownload fb. I do love fb though, so it's not something I want to give up.
So nice
Bad bad move Facebook
I love this app!! It has put me in touch with old hometown, school & wonderful friends thousands of miles away !!!   :-)
This app doesn't work just rarely my account is open but the news feed just loading then it say retry
No 1
Not a happy camper about messenger being deactivated. I don't have the space to download another whole app. So unless it gets fixed I am unhappy.
Messages worked just fine and dandy. Why must I download another Facebook app for it now? Yeah to make you money. So I won't. Put it back the way it was.
Can't see who liked my friends status what the hell
Still needs a little work on being able to block things like Friendcaster Pro does!  But other than that, quick response and load time.
way to big way to much memory used way to much power just for a app with out a widgit, if i have to i will find other ways to use facebook on my phone, please cut the size down and make it less invasive to my phone and then when it is less then 5mb i will think about down loading or 6 with widgit
Great app works very well  thumbs up to it 
Why is it that when you get a great update, you have to screw it up. Now every time I get on it freezes on the news feed so I'm unable to scroll. It's getting really old. Not to mention now when I exit and cone back the entire thing freezes. When I exit out of the frozen, it randomly it pops back up. I have to log in through my browser. Who ever is developing the new updates, should be testing it better
Why not go back to how it used to be when you saw the latest stories first? You know when it worked
excellent.
Ain't got much to say about it because it's really messing up. I can't see who's on anymore. Kinda messed up now. Whoever is working this needs to do something about it. I mean come on. It's someone's only way to communicate.
Friends
To many troubles and lack of UI. Really poor for such a big company
there are a lot of benefits of this app but still have some disadvantage that i really don't want.. heazz... still thank you for providing this great app
Just as with the website and all fb products its not all its cracked up to be.
Should not have to force me and getting some other messing app that was stupid face book wont last by forcing people...
I used to love facebook!  But now it's telling me to be able to read my messages I have to download the messenger app.  I don't want to.  Honestly I don't need it!  I'm hoping once I update the app I'll be able to receive mymessages again.  Needs to be fixed.. Well.  Just got done updating and it still says I have to download the messenger app to get my messages.  There is absolutely NO need for me to have to have two apps for facebook taking up room on my phone.  Fixing to delete account and app!!!
Latest updates requiring messenger app are FUCKED
Not going to be forced. Don't need Facebook!
Facebook should release a tablet optimized version. And why is the "Most recent" feed hidden? Should be able to switch between the most recent feed and what Facebook thinks what you should see.
Bom
Been on fb for 5 years now love it
How do I subscribe and unsubscribe from people with this new update, I can't find it anywhere.
When i open my facebook app it always becomes a white screen for about 2 mins like wth is that about
I don't throw the word hate around often, but I really hate the new update. The old layout was better for reading the news feed, I hate accidentally sliding over to view friend requests or notifications. And i refuse to download another app just to message someone, you have clearly lost your ways in being a social network...
Ok
Works well overall but I don't want to have a separate app for messages.
Ook.
I'm on an android tablet, and it keeps force closing after I do anything and no pictures will load for me to see.
Fine I can still view my photos and read threw my news feed as well as update my status and view other profiles so it fits my needs perfectly.
I refuse to download the messenger app and i think it's unfair that you take away our use of messaging on the facebook app in an attempt to make us get the app. Fix it. It's stupid!
Good app excellent for talking to friends
Why must I do that to have to talk to friends?  Fix that cuz it very stupid
It work fine but it dont refreash news feed all the time
Ebrahim
Getting better.
:/
Its cool
It WAS really great easy interface everything but now it wont even run on phones that are more then a year old i have wifi and 4g but it says error check signal all day everyday since the update! Please go back to the old version stop changing it.
David
I shouldn't be forced to download Messenger! It takes up too much space and slows my tablet down! Please put messages back on Facebook!
Cancelled messages!!
Battery drain htc m8 4.4.3
Nice
I hate it
This fb is not working at all. Plz help
Heil yeah
I never have problems with the app I love it.
Facebook is the best thing ever!
Is crap on samsung tablet Newsfeed is all old stuff from days ago constantly  crashing sort it out facebook fgs
I live This app

Good n easy to use
Facebook

It's amazing. .. so easy to use...
I don't want it...
Why it take so long to download
keeps me up to date with my family and friends i dont get to see often. thanks!
Its cool
Cannot send messages anymore without new app??? Go fuc off. Uninstall.
I like Facebook. But I feel that making it a requirement to install another app just to view messages is quite stupid. So then I asked myself "then what's the point of having the Facebook app when I can simply use the web and view messages there." With that said, I'm uninstalling the App. It's just using up my phone storage.
Forcing us to use another app for messages? Especially one that wants access to that much private information? No thank you. New update stinks. Bye Facebook
This has just officially brought Facebook to the top of the list for worst apps not only do you invade privacy now you making us download apps pffffffff!!!!
Very cool
Facebook
Very displeased. If privacy isn't a concern enough as it is, download the App Malewarebytes to see the apps you have installed that can track/monitor calls & location/cost you money & more. I don't use FB as much anymore cause it sucks you in. Might as well get a basic phone & use this one on Wi-Fi. Thanks NSA.
Love facebook I can chat with people I know
Its awesome I love to use Facebook on my mobile phone rather then my PC or laptop
Cool
To be improved tack it
Completed it within a week. Would've liked my money's worth.
I fortunately enjoyed the option to use the Facebook Messenger App, but now they're implementing a forced download to used as a primary only source to read and respond to messages. The disappointments is not having the option any more. I have used the Facebook Messenger App, I was very satisfied with long distance calls using the app, but I no longer need the app which made it functional to download it when necessary, Mark Zuckerberg made a poor decision forcing this app on people.
Finally the app is faster, but it's super annoying to have to download Messenger separately. FriendCaster is a good alternative.
It keeps crashing
Fix this for use long time
Great App. It Works Very Well, You Cant Complain!
App crashes every time I open it.
Every thing u would ever want in one place.
Still slow and crashes all the time..
Its awesome
Not only is Facebook super invasive, it takes up a lot of space and data from your phone. You can just use the browser and still be able to see your messages without having to install the stupid messenger app.
Que tan cierto es lo que circula por internet?? que la app de Facebook roba la privacidad de los usuarios que tenemos la app en el cell, que graba voces sin consentimiento, toma fotos sin consentimiento, ve tambin SMS y los contacts del cell y la informacin que uno tiene en el cell?
Good
Awesome liked it great job keep it up :p but it would not work my computer would but not this so half love other half taking 1 star away its fair
lenovo A516
117 mbs!  Are you guys freaking crazy?!   Fix this it is ridiculous!  You only get one star!    LG F3
Apps leaves many thing
There are times when it takes way too much time to load and connect which becomes annoying when trying to respond to an incoming message. It works well sometimes.. Most of the time it hasn't been very pleasant to use.
I shouldn't have to download messanger to see my messages that are from facebook its stupid and has know point other then facebook wants people to download more apps from them I guess I won't ever see my messages cause I'm not downloading a second stupid app
Social life
I love it!$#:;@#$
Shakib khan
Yaww
I think very good
When I try to view a video on Facebook that's not a youtube link I constantly get a sorry an unexpected error has occurred... This is unacceptable for the way things work these days... SORT IT OUT!
There's no good reason to remove the messenger functionality from the main app.
Ioooooooppp
Not installing a separate app. This one doesn't do what I want, uninstalling it altogether.
Improving
This app has changed my privacy to public without my knowledge or consent. Facebook Messenger app requires permissions to ALL of your data. Remember, Facebook IS NOT FREE. Use your browser. You *are not* going to lose contact with your friends. Rate 1 Star with privacy issues, and uninstall. If you think you are "forced" to use an app, simply use another browser. Chrome is best; syncs all devices. This app does not even allow custom privacy settings. Don't give out your info. Don't give out the info of your friends and family. Once you put something online, it's there forever.
Fb IS SOOOOOOOO SLOW I HATE GOING ON IT... SEARCHING SO MUCH MAKES MY PHONR HOTTT	.....
Boudy
Like it so far... I know the updates in the future will have more features.. I'm sure the devs just wanted to release SOMETHING.
I love it
Good
VINCE&jennay MARTINEZ
I have no interest in taking up any more space on my phone devoted to Facebook by having to install messenger as well.
This is disgusting i try to update my Facebook what i got is an error message ,if u fix this things u will get my 5star
Cant do nothin with app since the update. It just keeps crashing!
Why do I have to put in my phone number to get messenger
You took my messager away!! I'm not downloading the messager app.  Facebook is getting ridiculous. I realize it's free but come on. You stealing our personal info and taking control of major functions of our phones. No. I want MySpace back.
Ye .ih ihi malate  sitakis yamadiraw bikafanyi ikoo naw yamagromrmaw laman yinagaral yaahodin himami macid aygababat baji ayitarami!!!kagare waxiche gonen bidabisaw kawanjale baqar axahunyi andisaw.yasaw agar dingay siimataw anaten yangize awakunyi kasae malayaten, wandimovhem xalunyi gadanyochem shashunyi inem shashwachaw,yasaw agar nuro midala madlachaw .tagaye tagaye
Wooooooow amaziing app
Why i can't see my messages if I haven't installed fb messenger.....hate it....
I have this app so I wouldn't need the messenger app. Now I don't have either.  Google + here I come.
Mantap
Most recent should be default!
Turn off notification doesn't work. I'm still getting notifications of status updates and comments after I tell it to turn off, stability is also an issue I'm experiencing crashes after about 20 minutes of continuous use (no it isn't my phone other apps like Twitter and Instagram work fine and without problems)  fix pleade
Its a great and amazing app
Ok
David great app
Working perfectly but always updating
No recent feed on the left. Notifications dont show up or new pm's                      Update: some how the fb app updated without my permission while not connected to WiFi therefore forcing me to download the messenger app now which I didnt want to do.  BS
No se puede bajar m marca error 24
Its an awesome app
(Y)
Satisfactory
Read my texts? Phone log?  Really?
There is a minor functional bug in this app ;) but that is not a showbstopper :p
The web page is better than the app
Can't refer to friends in a post. Their name never highlights or pops up. Grr.
Now I cant even read my messages OR message anybody because of the stupid page saying I have to download Messenger now I barely have ANY storage space, fix it and maybe I will give it a better rating
I barely use Facebook messaging but now when I occasionally get a message through Facebook I have to download the stupid Facebook messenger and take up more room in my phone for something I'll barely use! This is unnecessary!
Sometimes it may lag my phone....
Yyyyyyyyyyy0pppppppplleeeeeeerrr
It still takes way to long to load on my Droid 3. Plz fix. If fixed i will give 5 stars
I will not be forced to download a crappy app to message people. Until this is fixed I will not change the review
My videos are uploading blurry on Facebook from my Samsung Galaxy s5 . Any recommendations because I've tried settings on my phone already
I love it so much
Love
I don't want to be forced to download mesaenger, I hate the bubbles popping up on my screen. I don't like it.
Not happy with Facebook at all!! Please change it?? Its to the point where I'm ready to shut my account down cause its so frustrating!! Please again fix it.. News feed sucks needs to be fixed!!
Perfect
Good
Nice
Amjad
I like it
Vr nice
Just awful
Facebook
i think its better then nothin
This app takes up way too much space. It says 22.63mb but actually stores 168.87 mb of data. It stores all upgrade data even if I  uninstall it then download it again. It needs to be able to be put on the SD card on all phones. Other than that its good.
Don't use it any more lack of messaging and other privacy issues
maza aa gaya ekdammm :-P
Es ok not le best
Simone Smith
Friend
Its taking up too much memory space!!
Video get all blurry when uploaded .... very desapointed ...
almost millions of people have a problem about this. Are accounts have been disabled because it says we are trying to be someone else. Read carefully, first we are not a poser and not impersonizing someone like celebrities. WE ARE ROLEPLAYERS! And we say it to the people we communicate through fb that we are not that person they are patronizing. We roleplay celebrities like KPOP stars because they are too busy to communicate with the fans so we are roleplaying to make the fans happy.. and to make friends.
I got lots of friend facebook is cool
Omg i can't save photos...Fix it!!!
I do NOT want to install yet another app just to see my Facebook messages. Facebook FAIL.
I cant see my inbox fix pls
Thanks
Its ok
How meney Times do I have to update !!!!
Messenger giving me some problems but this app is good though!
Hating the new messenger! Stop making decisions for me!
Why do we have to download this messenger app?? You do understand that it violates our privacy right? So maybe you guys so fix the messenger app or go back to letting us enjoy our inbox
Keeps crashing when I open videos that are shared
Good
Thanks
I only care about messaging and this app won't let me do that anymore since it wants everyone to use "Facebook Messenger." This app is fine but I don't want it since I have felt and observed that it misuses the power of my phone. So I have to use facebook on my web browser now. It sucks but "Nimodo."
Forced messenger...
Veron singh
I want to receive messages agin
When messaging directly it constantly freezes my S4. Gave up,  now text instead.
I cant save any of my friends photo in my phone from facebook. Can u please fix it
Great app for both Andriod and Iphone
So this SOCIAL NETWORKING app won't let me send messages in-app, but it used to. It now boasts a secondary messaging app that needs far too many permissions than I'm readily willing to give up. Try again, Facebook.
Facebook, you got better, then you got worse again. Please please fix the refresh bugs on this. Extremely annoying to have my screen refresh/reset every 2 seconds randomly halfway through typing messages!
Always error open slowly.loading to long.always error. Crash.. very very very slower
Everything works and its not slow
I strongly dislike the messenger app and will not download it again. Guess this is goodbye, Facebook.
Takes to long to install
Getting better by the day.
I love it si much
Skype muhammad.afzel
I want the spam messages to stop! I have received to many! Its beyond stupid and mostly ANNOYING.
Makes life esier
good
Every thing
This app would be perfect if you could create events on your page and any group that is based off your page
Why fix it if it's not broken!? News feeds are terrible and behind, I always get yesterday's and the day before news feeds  instead of current day. And I see that nobody really reads these reviews I see other people complaining also! ...New updates are making the app crash!!!  PLEASE stop, too many updates!! Stop changing MY settings to the way you want them to be, every update I have to reset them? Why??? Only 3 stars (actually 2&1/2) for this app. Now we're being forced to install messenger? WOW!Messed up
Need to update
This is the last straw.  In uninstalling and finding a better third party app.
How do i tag on this
Can't watch videos
I uninstalled the messenger app for obvious reasons and now the Facebook app is as good as busted, so I will uninstall and use Facebook via the website until I can find an appropriate messenger to replace Facebook and then I will delete my account. You guys dropped the ball!
Thanks
Love Facebook need to be able to upload more then just 30 pics tho :/

Good to share my happenings and fun...
Shouldn't have to install messenger to send messages to friends
I cant load up my photos at all. Please fix
I love you
Needs a MAJOR update for android 1.customize who sees your posts by name 2.constant freezing
I love facebook and the app is good except I dont wanna live in the past I want to see what is going on now - meaning I need to be able to see recent post not top news. Also I want to be able to disable game request and be able to stop getting notifications from groups after comments are made. Oh and I want to be able to put videos in albums
I really hope you guys make this app allow you to read and send messages like it use to WITHOUT Facebook messenger!!!... I'm about ready to uninstall this app as well because of it... Not very happy... I shouldn't have to download another app just read my messages... When I use to be able to all the time
Help u do things
The app was decent but with messaging removed now it is pointless to use. That js the main reason i used the app. I refuse to use their messaging app they made cause the last time i tried it, it caused my phone to mess up.
Really nice and  vrry  dangerous aps
GUI gets better with each update. But got to address the issue with News Feed having loading error n dragging to load
Camera and microphone for what big brother indeed
APP SAYS WHEN I COME TO UPDATING IT APP SAYS INVALID PACKAGE COULD YOU PLEASE SORT IT OUT FACEBOOK?
Better
Enjoy
I share my phone with my gf and kids its a pain that i have to uninstall it because it shows my messages on my phone without me being logged into fb. I have texting and i would rather not have to download abother app just to message people on fb. The only reason i use fb is to message people who i cant get ahold of by phone so why force me to use something i dont want to use . Bs will be unistalling fb app aswell and just use my browser.
Good
Since The Update, It Won't Let Me Edit 'About Me'. Sucks
I f**king hate this update! I cant watch videos without it going back to main screen, i cant download messagenger! So now i cant.look at messages, and i cant find out how to look at most recent on news feed...
Downloading picture is difficult
Doesnt want to install wtf
Too slow!
I think facebook is dead
Used to be good, now it's pathetic. Have to go through menus to read time line in recent order. Now can't even use the app to exchange private messages, as it wants me to download some other Facebook app. No way. Back to the mobile browser site I go.
Is okay for networking
Like this app.
This is b*llsh*t why should i have to download another app on my phone to message someone?? Now i have less space on my phone.
Excellent
They arw now forcing you to get favebook messenger which has a lot of privacy issues!
F*ck keep on saying i need to have messenger to open my inbox are you f*cking kidding me i dont need it if i could open it in facebook. B*llsh*t
If you don't put messenger back inside Facebook your users will definitely get mad enough to deactivate their accounts and switch to LiveJournal or MySpace for a day..be warned
Amazing that this thing going still manages 4 stars, just look at the recent reviews. Very few positives, yet the developers don't listen and want to force their ideas on everyone else.
soo cool
This is marvellous
I cant mark msg as unread
Add a way to look at peoples videos! Like make a folder named videos! Cus its not there
It's ok I guess
good
Hi all friends
Why would they remove access to messages? I don't want to install an app I'll barely use when I already have a goddamn facebook app. Just let me check the message.
Excellent
The app works well but I would like to put privacy settings on my posts and videos keep stopping halfway. Please try to fix this issue.
nice app
Removing the messaging functionality removed a large portion of what I use this app for.
what else is there to say?
It is alwayes failed to load news feed.
I dont facebook a lot but i like this app
Ethan is awesome
As no sd card
Ilike this App it's fast to upload pic
Custom privacy options would be nice. Just like the web interface. News feed, ugh. Screw your top stories. I'd like to have the ability to set most recent as default. Taking the messenger away was a bad idea. I don't want to use two apps to use your services. I may try alternate ways of accessing my profile now.
Cant wait until iqkonnect is launched tired of facebook
Can talk to finds
Like this app
I won't install messenger ! Die ! You're forcing me to install it ! So, i won't -_-
Prasant k shahi
This is better just love it
This is one awsoe app
I don't like the messenger at all I rather use my inbox at least it doesn't show my location please fix this.
Error messages? Means what? I wonder what happened to this I'm very mad that this is not working right! And now it is taking up way too much space what's wrong with you guys!!!!!!!!!?????????!!??!!!??!!!!!!!
It's ok I  dont like that I HAVE to use Facebook messenger. I do not Luke the messenger
Facebook  Always  Helps

I love you
Welcome to all facebook youjar ...
Why can I follow people but not unfollow? This app is crap and if I could uninstall it I would but it won't let me.
When get on my fb with my phone it shows a couple pictures but that's it. Stupid!
Now that fb messenger is required i drain my battery thrice as fast... as an i.t. person this is so ineffcient... why not only does the mobile ram gets eaten by two app which is running simutaneous... it places a strain to the mobile phone due to the performance under heat... bottomline our mobile phones would not last long
It doesn't work to upload not even ONE picture. The news feed refreshes like.. once 2-3 days with just few posts. All I can actually do is seeing the notif, add friends and conversations. And sometimes see pictures on people's profile. I'm gonna install it once again.  Hope will do better.
Sorry for party rocking
Coooooooooool
New privacy features which allow Facebook to turn on and off things on our phones and send text messages to any of our contacts and many other things which is invading our private lives. If this goes through I will have uninstall and delete my Facebook. While also  making sure as many people know about this as possible.
saiful
Nice app. But video not play
memmuaskan
Why does facebook have to be so nosey? It can take pictures and videos now without notice? Ridiculous.
Sometimes, the comments repeat themselves. Also, the videos don't stream in high quality like in the iOS version.
Try it u'll like it.!!!
News feeds with photos and videos are taking hours to download.  Very annoying please fix it
Why is app forcing me to install messenger, it's annoying
I'm uninstalling because of the messenger BS.
The messenger app sucks.
Husseh
kyla
Can't open chat without instaling messanger!!! I don't wanna that sh*t!!!!!!!!!! Fix that!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :@@@@
Nice
Bring
Book
Loved ir
G  . I
Why is Facebook forcing the messaging app down people's throats? It should still be an option not mandatory.
Latest version has no message support our page support. I'm not installing 3 apps to do one job you idiots. I'll stick with mobile site where you don't need ability to read my texts, emails, and contacts.
Don't remove your core functionality because you can't fix your Windows, the last thing I need is multiple apps for one social media site clogging my phone up!
I hate that you have to download messanger in order to chat now, my phone does not have enough memory and I have to use the website now ... might as well delete this app until it changes
Dazzaled
Ok
Stop with updates, ur company always tries to improve when nothing was wrong with the last version. Having to download another app for my fb messages is seriously so unnecessary
Nice
Kl
Its always a joy using Facebook.
Why so many permissions?
The move to separate messages from the regular app has ruined this app for me. The new messaging app asks for too many permissions,  and it is intrusive. And taking away my choice in the matter makes me wonder why I even have a Facebook account.
Facebook is about to lose my business. With every update, they put in something else that's sneaky and grab private info to share with vendors. And with every update they continue to completignore user feedback.
I cant get to my news feed with this update!
Fun
It's ok
I open facebook and see posts when my samsung galaxy note 3 shutdown i uninstalled it and now no shutdiwn is happening
Please do something as it.is annoying ..suddenly crashes and I have to.restart.it.again
Thanks for forcing your intrusive messaging app on all your consumers. I appreciate knowing I have a choice in the services I get from you.
It was a great app but news feed wont upload plz fix
Love it so
That is good improvement
(RERA)
Yes they fixed it
Awsome
es buena pero debera poder instalarse en la SD...
It is one of worst application in the world . Please don't waste a time for downloading it
Need recent posts back so im not reading the same stuff all the time
Bad bad baaaad
No
Don't like the fact you have to get a app just for messages now that takes up space in my phone. I don't want to use that. I want my old version back.
Gud
The obligation to install facebook messanger determine me to uninstall my Facebook app too. I can't see my messages anyway. ..
I don't want to install your Facebook Messenger app, and removing the Messages feature from this app was a low move, Facebook. I'll be deleting this app and using the browser version until you bring it back.
Ur the worst person i met in dis whole word,evn a day ws also worst day4me....14 march 2013..a day of accepting a hell
Excellent.
needs support for x86!!!!
Not really a Facebook freak. I use more Twitter and Instagram. But Facebook is a good method to keep up with the family
Freezes permanently. Must unistall then reinstall for it to work again.
Super
Excellent
Not happy about having to download the messaging app.
Good App
Awesome..
I liked the app just fine  But I became uncomfortable when you wanted access to every little bit of my personal information.. like my camera for example talk about invasion of privacy.
It keeps exiting me out
keeps saying i now need to install Facebook messenger just to send messages. this is more of an inconvenience and not everyone has available memory for that. please make it to where people dont have to use that app
Again! A new update and now I can't do a thing! Just leave it alone goddamit! Why would anyone want to look at their newsfeed and see something that they already saw two days ago? We only want to see the most recent please! And for.gods sake sort out how slow the app operates and why the hell does my keyboard now not appear for me to make comments etc. Facebook, have a word! It's awful! Correct it to how it was when you first did the app and then leave it the hell alone! Stop messing with it!
Best fb app
Cool app
I keep getting booted out the app!
Marion hitchcock
Not only do I not wanna switch over to messenger I am having trouble installing it so now I can't respond to my messages unless I turn on my desktop I haven't used since aol and dial up were cool...you have ruined my day
Why would Facebook show me posts from an hour ago even after I refresh the feed? I want continuously refreshing news feed that shows me the most recent posts without having to go "most recent" feed.
Its Facebook...u have to have it!
Nic
Nice
The feed should match the desired setting - no one likes the "top stories" option. Otherwise, an excellent update with a good feature set compared to the desktop version
Cant ask for more. Given the complexity of the app and the amount of stuffs that it does, hats off to the Facebook engineers for producing a product that is so good to use. :-)
Very good
very helpful social media app
Just like MySpace, I think it's time for Facebook to die off as well. Too many loading errors. I don't care for stuff that happened weeks ago just the most recent. Tried loading feed on WiFi and 4g still can't load.
Vry gd...like it...
I will not be installing Facebook messenger. I always turn the chat feature off. I will make use of root access and instead delete all Facebook content from my devices! And use only the web version.
Deleting this app and using the browser version only.  Forcing people to download an app they don't want is pathetic. A terrible app at that. Such a shame.
Wow kinda why I got to install things
Chat tab need to be improved.   Mostly Toogles should be near home button like chat, messages etc. Because this all really waste time and sometimes 5-7" incher devices they get out of hand grip. Specially when we are on bed. I know you dont have any concern with the device design. But I will just advice you to make an app that give comfort to the users. Because it we talk about the size of the devices. So its impossible no a days  to use a device with smaller displays.
I love Facebook
I want to be able to show people that I like there likes! Just sayin
I find it completely stupid and unnecessary to have download a SECOND app just to message over Facebook. I would like to send my messages on the same original app  as I use to. I refuse to download the second app just to message my friends. I am not happy at all.
It would be amazing if it would let me upload pictures...
Nice
It's  not letting me reinstall this app
I use FB to connect with family and friends.  I was concerned about privacy before and now with the forcing to use Messenger it is ridiculous !   I do not want to share my whole list of contacts when some of my contacts are not my Facebook friends.    That is controlling and invasive !  Plus my phone is already almost full so why would I want a separate app or two apps instead of just FB!  I will install the full Facebook for mobile or access it through chrome before I submit to your ludicrous demands .
You ruined it always force closes now! Thanks a lot Facebook I will no longer install your upgrades!
I thought Facebook was a place to meet new people but obviously its a place to just look at ppl post if i cant be friends wit somebody they should hav a lock showing u cant be friends wit tha person
Had issues with last few updates. Current works well
need to be more fast on any  network
I love it but it stops a lot of times slow an friends birthday needs total fixing
The new update is horrible! You have to download messenger now to see and reply to messages! It's ridiculous.
Google+ app is a heck of a lot better. I won't download their overbloated messenger app. As soon as my family is all on Google+ I'm gone for good. I hope Facebook implodes really fast.
Facebook app is hack able and users should take head of my warning js mine was hacked
Use this app everyday
Esta ultima actualizacin en mi LG e970 para poder ver los vdeos tengo que tocar el botn tctil del men
If you're going to require a separate messenger app, at least make the main app smaller and use less RAM
I won't download your overbloated messenger app. I hope you implode fast. As soon as my family is on Google+ I'm gone for good.
Super
Tried to make me down load massager  application which sucks please fix it or Facebook will be no longer in use by me....
everytime I open a link...the app crashes when I return to it again.
I turned off auto play in the videos but they still do it. Stop wasting my data
I love it
Shahid
And the way u can't delete multiple friends
J
Nice
Honestly if you're going to change the messages and crap then I'm going to delete the app off my phone. Not only do I feel unsafe with your terms and conditions I also would like the existing free space on my phone to be for my personal things.
Wtf Facebook? I don't want to install messenger but I have to...
Under no cicumstance should you need permission to that much information on anyones phone.  Especially to our phone cameras and making calls or sending texts without my permission. Im glad my phone didnt automatically download your bullshit. Hope youre glad that you are losing your users quicker than ever.
I love it
Put the messages back in the Facebook app. Facebook messenger is a joke. Freezing my phone
Can't see none of the pictures on the news feed.Whats going on?
Why do I have to download a app to message my friends? Why the hell do I have to let you into my phone to do it? Facebook has become a NSA gold mine.
Every time i open Facebook i get on top information that i can change language. Why? I can't turn it off.
Serr
facebook is good
Is that what you call it?  BullSh!t !!!!   All the app does now is say there is no Internet connection.
I don't want to download that bullshit FB messenger to message people. Thanks.
LONGLIVE ALPHA KAPPA RHO...
Not extremely awesome. But awesome
Love it
Pls improve the birthday notifications. I have already mentioned this prblm, bt nothing was done. The android Facebook app is the one i'm referring to.
Sick
It's fun
When I can't read my messages through the app for the website itself, there is a definite problem..
This app is really Awesome...
Ashru
Not even worth one star..have had to revert back to the factory setting version..since latest update had nothing but problems with phone..running extremely slow, can't use vibrate on phone, screen keeps rotating..as soon as its uninstalled phone is back to normal...and no access to 'likes' on homepage.....
It's very nice
The best
Good
I used to like this app before buying e970. The FB videos don't play on this phone. App isn't compatible enough to support videos on this device. FB lovers don't buy optimus G. And I request if FB can fix this.
Messager has been removed and when you go to upload a photo they aren't separated in albums
It is OK and slow always messaging Facebook is not responding.
Most helpfull for me
AWESOME
The "About" icon has gone since the last update.. How do I edit my profile now???
Cool
Nice
cool aap
Good
Thambidurai
Nice app
Sae pisan euy
News fedd needs work
ashish
now i can keep up to date with my friends wherever i am
there are still bugs...let us hope they fix the bugs in next update.
Worst app forcing me again and again to download messenger
Unfortunately facebook has stopped. I reinstalled it but didn't work. Plz fix the problem
Why do I need to install 2 separate apps (FB & messenger) when clearly all you only need is 1 app to get the job done & work seamlessly like previous versions. If I need a separate messenger app I'll rather use hangouts/WhatsApp. When you go to the FB webpage do you need to access another page to use messenger? I don't think so. Bring back messenger integration to the main FB app!!
REDJO apotek
Very useful application
Biggest gripe is too many  updates and it won't go to SD card. Now If it isn't bad enough already you expect us to download yet another app for seeing messages.  FB takes up too much of my phones memory.
Loved it
awesome
Now that you have to download an entire other ( very intrusive) app just to read/send messages, I'm uninstalling. You guys really fucked up on that one.
Ok, I hate that every time I scroll down my news feed my Facebook freezes because it's trying to play a video. It's crap I can't see nothing because it trys to play videos automatically. And it's NOT my internet. Anyways fix this PROBLEM your Facebook!!!  Uninstalling for now
Works pretty good :-)
Fix the news feed!!!
Keep getting a message saying update waiting and been signed out of the app numerous times. Please fix this.
It's another nail in Facebook's coffin.
I cant even log in. What's more to tell?
Bring messenger back this app
Some of the other features are finally somewhat stable. Its kind of dumb that I have to go to my settings to access the most recent. The top stories should be an option. I don't like seeing stuff from a week ago over and over. Another thing is why do I have to go to messenger? I don't care if people respond faster, I'd rather have everything I need in the app I sacrificed so much memory to install. Here's a tip: if it ain't broke, don't fix it. There was nothing wrong with the messages in the original app.
Very good?
Very good app
my Facebook don't download coming err919
The
I don't want to see what happened days ago. I want the most recent news. It really is a pain in the ass.
This Facebook works on my phone perfect it doesn't take long to go to curtain things its just right
Good application
First off, this app eats up way too much memory, and therefore, I am constantly having low storage issues. Fb is my main way of staying caught up with my family, so you need to do something about this
This app has tons of problems. News feed, errors and as of today I was FORCED to download the Messenger app. So....I'm deleting them both. I will no longer use Facebook on my phone. One more issue and I will close my account permanently.
Okay I was find with it up until you did the update to force us to use the fb messenger up. Yeah like people has a lot of space in their devices to add another crap in it. When you can't even put this in a SD card. Looks like I won't be using fb on my tablet anymore. I might just use it on chrome web browsers
Hi!!! I love facebook!!!
Didn't like the new theme
It doesn't even works
It is very good
Good keep it up
On my nexus5 android L. Hangs on 'Just a moment'
I luv this app
Better
Without saying too much about the forced conversion of everyone to the messenger app, my biggest gripe with the app and the site is the jungle of non relevant news feed I have to get through to see what my friends posted. Why can't we select most recent posts anymore?
Awsom app annoys sometime but forgetting tht...its realy awsom
Nice application
I love the way u have improved  all ur app
No
The app initially takes up to 6 mb then slowly goes upto 30 mb and more which is a lot for a phone wid 200 mb of internal memory ..... Please fix
Paling
news feed is automatically playing videos,,,,,that i don't want to watch....
No improvement, still can't play videos and newsfeed problems still not solved.
Why the hell would you force us to download messenger in order to text? Thats a stupid and dumb move you did. Ill be sticking to the web version of Facebook.
Very cool with navigation. Easy to access pictures and comment. But have become a little slow with in app message alert.
Selam_Tiloum
Hf f chhfvnn I'm xx d xxd? Mmm? Meg z
Bom bom
What's love
It's ok
New update made it worst as usual
Cannot even use the messaging system without downloading their spy software messenger? Mark my words, Zuckerburg- I highly recommend you quit selling out your customers if you don't want to end up as the next MySpace. many of my friends are abandoning fb to move on to ither social networks. This messenger farce is only a drop in the bucket! You sold our information to the NSA, you listen to our daily lives through our mobile microphones, you experiment with your users' emotions, and this list goes on. Boo!
Once in the door, using all of our accessories, we're going to dismantle it piece by piece. While they claim it's faster and more stuff, I never seemed to have a problem and I had the other stuff.
Good app but occupies too much space
I like the new UI. Thumbs up for that but with "top stories" , you brought us back to stone age. Plz Fix it.
Its worthless and  enemy of time
Love it
This site is crooked. Everything (pms, phone calls, Web history, etc) is all being accessed by fb. I'll stick to the web version. This app is garbage.
I Dont want a separate app for the messenger...
Op
This is best
So gud
Not bad the news feed loading slowly so improve it. To fast load the News feed and images
For some obscure reason it wont let me unfollow any posts i've commented on....i get flooded with notifications every 5min. Can you fix this please
I want most recent news feed back
No Privacy..
Good app
Takes to long to download....
Very good
Khan
Wigs out a lot!
Why I have to install facebook messenger to check my messages!?
First I was unhappy with the way the newsfeed is (still not happy btw) but now I am straight up angry that you're forcing me to download some bullsh*t app just to read a message? Absolutely not!
forced top stories instead of most recent, no more messages, that sync crap, confusing and illogical interface, every version gets more sluggish,... list goes on....  if this continues, then uninstall is only option...      dont need this sh*t, there are alternatives   (edit, 10 min later) UNINSTALL after all.
Facebook ma chudana band kijiyega !
Exilent
Amazing
Dear developer please remove the like that button which is in sent button! one of my friends gf said, "I hate you" and accidentally he pressed sent button and like emo has been sent! then his gf leaved him :@
Fb sux call or text people like the old days!
very nice
It's  not like the earliest version, I got a weird situation. Recently I uninstall the facebook app updates cause of  low internal memory,  Since doing recent update I couldn't log in to facebook, App getting open but unable to see the login text fields. Also it takes a lifetime to open, Now I uninstall update and returned to old version.  Please release a bug free version of facebook app.
very nice
Xoxoxoxo
Good app
Since the new update i cant play any videos please fix.

Can't get my messages on here any more, they made me install another huge app.
Don't share your daily life with people's. privacy is a must.
Excellent
I LOVE KEEPING UP WIT FAMILY N FRIENDS IT'S A WONDERFUL THING
very good
I love it
Forcing me to download a 2nd messenger app is pretty pathetic.
It is not aceptable that I need to download a separate application to chat with people.. Change this back to as it was several month before..
They changed the app so you have to download Facebook messanger to send messages now. Facebook messenger is 21mbs. I don't message enough to justify a app that big but I want it occasionally. Facebook is eating up way too much space now
It's coming along but the ios version is still superior also make most recent the default setting for news feed. Or give people an option to choose their default feed, most recent or top stories
Loves
Facebook now does not allow users to they messages at all within the Facebook app. I do not want messenger on my phone, as it is just another way for Facebook to invade my privacy. Uninstalled the app on my phone. It always preoccupied me too much anyway.
Msk
Epic
nice app
I feel like using 2g
Please fix it after 2mintes it says session expired...
Like
Why the hell is this so large what does this use the memory for my app has a data file of 87mb making the apps total size 125mb what the hell is it using all that memory. The data file reached 109mb
I really liked this app. It was convenient and very easy to use. HOWEVER; I do not like being forced to download a new app just to get my messages. Why separate the two when it was fine combined as one app. Now it will take up more room and some of us can't afford to waste that much space on our phones. I really wish you had not done that.
NSA...
Like
Awesome app....
Jasbir Singh Rajput
Part of life
My
The photos are slow to appear I can't see it on my wall
Latest update keeps on force closing app and just doesn't work compared to previous version. For those having issues with this, just uninstall the recent update and go back to previous version until they fix this recent update :)
Give back the messenger!!!!!
I see a huge resemblance between FB and ebay. What started out as an online website with narrow standards has completely transformed into a personal data sniffing empire driven only by the buck. They give govt access to the entire populace personal and very private info with very few user controls with thousands of requirements/rules/regulations/standards in which we must abide by or we are not permitted to help fuel their financial goals. I joined FB strictly for the free games, but now they are fee based.
Everything seems to work... There is some stuff the app cant do. You have to log into the actual site. Sure has come a long way since its early days. Samsung Galaxy S4 - KitKat
Love thus application.
Very nice app..works amazing..just a bit slow but that's not an issue..:)
Since the last couple of updates Facebook failed to inform people that videos playing on your wall actually eats away at your mobile data
Try to make this app like IPhone view in android....
Good
Good
Can't stand the new messager app.  It disrupts me when I use my phone. Makes everything thing cluttered. Can using any of my apps without clicking on the messager app. Have to log on through the full site now on my phone just to view messages so I no longer need the app. I'm sure the obsessed teenager will love this
Niiiice
Perfect app
Seriously pushing us to download the messenger app ! Wtf one app is enough. Now we need two apps just to communicate . This is Bullshit !! Deleting Facebook pretty soon !
Le doy esta porque no me estan funcionando bien no puedo ver ningun video del face
I would have not even rate it one .... Seriously it doesn't even deserv a one.... Keeps on foreclosing.... Takes forever to login... It's very very annoying....
You know all of those things going around about FB messenger? Well they're true. I looked in my settings and saw them myself. But that's not all folks! Noooo, guess what else has the SAME problems? That's right, you guessed it, Facebook itself. Go take a peek at the specks. It's all there.
Great aap and nice update loved it thank u Facebook
Best
Cooooooooooooooool!!!
despite its errors and other problems...it has now become a part of life...
Ok, we're back to broken. Won't even load news feed. Not even when on my home WiFi or when 4G is working great. App worked well for about a year, but sucks again.
Cool
This Version is even better and Awesome this App is super faster you can Download any video from your page and More 
Liked it
I loved it.........
We don't need top stories. Just most recent. And it says that I have to have Messenger to look at messages now? No. Fix that.
It won't even download on mine
hyperbole
Messenger shouldnt be necccesary to chat. It consumes space as well as has tooo many pop ups.
Being forced to get a secondary app just for messaging purposes when you could do it just fine before is bs.
I like it
Good
Removing chat was an awesome idea. Now people will be forced to download your permission hungry data mining chat app.  I will not be one of these people and am about to delete my account. Facebook is worthless these days.
Suited for my xolo x500
Quit playing due to error not happy
Cannot send/read messages anymore
Very useful
I cant play any vidio -_-
Addictive
Easy to use
Thanks a lot.  No, really, THANKS.  It now requires you to download messenger, it won't even let me check my inbox.  I'm so done with this bs.
I love this new update.........it's quick..I wud hv given 5 stars..But.......I unable to delete or edit my comments.....it irritates :( ......
Why do you constantly update the app?!?!?!? I hate the new message feature that doesn't allow to open messages on this app, but you constantly require to install the messenger app, I hate it big time!!! There are no discretion options on the freaking messenger app!!! Put it back as it was before this!!!
I love fb
The one thing a social app is supposed to do is connect people with conversation now you can even do that privately unless you download a whole other app. Keep this up and both apps will be gone.
L.P.C.
Kya
Thanks
Good
Messenger complete BS I just uninstalled all of your apps. You will not gain access to my privacy
Unintuitive UI. Why don't you guys use material design?
Mn
This last update makes the app crash all the time..or not open at all. Take back whatever 'improvement' was made!
All of apps
iT's Cool on Galaxy S i9000 Droid 2.2 Foryo
Love it
The new version is awesumly fab...guyz i jst love using it...but sorry to say dat dese days i m not getting any tym to use facebuk... :-(
wonderful
i think every  mobile is should have internet and 3g
Wtf , y r u forcing people to use it ?
Easy for using  fb
App doesn't let me post won't post comments. Seems like the software is getting harder and more inconvenient to use after each update. And it doesn't register my likes. So my friends think I suck..
,
Now you force us to download messenger the news feed still sucks I'm really considering deactivating Facebook.
Better than previous

its ok but most times it slows down my phone & sometime closes on it own. hope to see some improvement soon
Real talk
Hard to manipulate the newsfeed ..Secondly it takes long time to log out..Very big application..
After getting the newest up date I can't see my messages
Yadav Share video:13388 by @UC Browser
I'm not getting the app i rather not get annoying messages. I hate how you guys are basically forcing people to get it when they don't want it
If I don't wanna download some overrated app for my tablet just to message people, I am NOT going to.
Love facebook
Good job
Very nuce
Wtf.... Why are u asking me to install messenger to view the messages... Unable to see msgs without it.... So irritating
love this
Good
22/7/2014
Fakebuk
great  for us friends .
Gavarezhru
Excellent
Awesome man,
It makes the mobile very slow and your messenger is horrible to use it just like a rubbish app
I can't watch videos since I updated
Good
The new update still SUCK! And I'm forced to download the messenger app to get my messages...Such a crock of bull
Great way to keep in touch with friends and family!
Its is forcing to take messenger but i dont wont to take it when a message come and i open it then there is page take messenger and two options learn more and get app no cancel option cant reply to any one of my friend yaar very bad.
Awesome
After being a long time user I'm uninstalling (like so many others).   This low ball forced switch to the messenger app that constantly interrogates peoples devices of the users info, while requiring another app to be installed is ridiculous.  Facebook execs have lost sight of what made Facebook popular to begin with...an all-in-one social network. As soon as they take aspects of that network away, they are basically destroying themselves.
Sucks up so much resources and forcing that messenger app is total bull. I have never in my life been happy with facebook and their awful layout but this totally pushed me away from their service.
Not all videos are suitable to watch.please remove auto playing!
Can't cht properly its asking to download messenger lose aop
N
I don't want to have another app just for messages, if you aren't going to let me view the message with the Facebook app, don't send me notices that I got a message... I WILL NOT DOWNLOAD IT
Theophilus
Nice
Usman
Awesome
Niec
Facebook app now requires it's patrons to download the separate messenger app rather than having the convenience of viewing them within the app. So now that's 2 apps to do the job that just one had before, which is a waste of space and extra cpu usage. If someone wanted to use the messenger app rather than just the Facebook app, they had always had the freedom to do so, but now it is now a requirement. Done.
For Facebook messenger and its long list of requested permissions.
I had it set up to get a text message from the code generator and its been almost n hour! N I have emailed Facebook multiple times n no one has gotten back to me!
Because I can...
Plzz add stop notification option in your next update
The latest version is horrid.  I can live with going to the more menu to view most recent posts, but what happened to the list of like pages?  I like to go to the individual pages to see what's there and having the list was handy. There's no way to view your own profile. I uninstalled updates and currently using the stock version that my phone originally came with.  Pity the newest update couldn't be as thorough as the old version. Also, I don't want a separate app for my messages. The old way is just fine.
Not working at all. I have uninstalled and re installed. Still not working!!!!!!!
I love it
Love it ...superb
Good
Super
Superb
Facebook just gets worse and worse. Not to mention they spy on you.
No point in app anymore since you have to have messenger too. I just use my mobile web now.
Cant understand why i should have 2 apps for the same service. Seriously considering to delete my fb account
Hate not having recent posts be the default and no way to change it! So annoying!
Nice
wtf!! now fb will dictate us what to do and what not.. why the hell have you made it compulsory to have fb messenger? I want messaging option back in fb app otherwise I will leave fb...
Sahi he..
Hw abt making fb app with messenger?
Nice work
Facebook stole an old profile picture n my picture is roming around Google's images were everyone can see it. Contect me so u can deleted it. This Sucks ^      cant download Facebook massagers and uts sayings I have to buy it from Google play. Llike I cant download anything to do wiyh facebook
I decided to delete my Facebook app cause I have to now get a separate app just to use the messaging service.
I have a Droid Ultra.  Facebook is freezing up frequently.  It keeps lagging for 15 seconds and won't scroll.
Awsome
Ba
NothinG..... it is noT a gOod verSion very very very slOw
Since they pulled the messenger option form the app it bugs the crap out of you until you install it.
There was an to download it
Most irritating app
little  slow  but awesom...........
Why new permissions
I love it,it's one my favorite apps.
LOVE IT.
Keeps force closing
Happy
When I made my previous profile pic as my profile pic by using make profile pic option, new photo of the same old photo got uploaded and I can't see the old likes and comments..+ stop notification for the post is not working.
Ok
Nope. I'm not downloading this app fb. It makes no scenes at all. There is no need for a fb messenger app. It takes up more space on a phone, and it's just for messaging. The regular fb app should be the only fb app out there. Messenger needs to die off. I'll just use fb by my Mobil browser from now on. All you guys just did was give me a reason to delete the fb app. Like I stated, the fb messenger app has no point to it at all.
Yeahh
Facebook
So, I have a problem. Remember back in 2011 when every middle schooler wanted a Facebook account, but was too young to use their real birthyear? ok that was me. I'm old enough to have one now, but I can't change my birthday to my real one. Everytime I try, it won't save. And because of this, it's messing with my other apps like Tinder. Is there a way to fix this? Or is that how it's set up? Please provide me with an answer. Thanks in advance.
because of new forcing of messenger app I have dropped stars, along with the lack of privacy included wile installing that app. Tell us why you need to read our phone contacts and why you need to know whom we call?
It forceclose after every 2 minutes .
Atanu Borah, Jagiroad
Excellent application.
Awesome
Awesome
Please fix.
I was having fun, then Facebook was updated and the overflow menu was gone! and my fun went soft...
No, you guys broke it! It's just not working. The newsfeed refreshes on it own. I can't even use the app because it's just refusing to work!
ok...it make easy to used
It a good app but the news feed not yet updated and take too much time ,
Tragedy
Love it
ooooooo
The latest version is awful, I couldn't see my messages till installing messenger, and it's very bad , so I review it 1 star
Oglo
Hate messenger outside from this app, another app to install means more space + updates
So stupid that i have to get another app for messenger. What was wrong with the way it was??? Beginning to hate fb
Vry fast
Awesome
This facebook App is really starting to suck
Lovely
Perfect
Coo
Nice
I like it
WHY DO I HAVE TO GET A MESSENGER APP. SMH I WANT TO BE ABLE TO GO TO FB AND "CHECK" NOT GET MESSAGES CONSTANTLY COMING TO MY PHONE. PLEASE FIX
Coolest app for socialize
Facebook memang ok
FB meant  lot to me.its just awesome,I would give even 10 stars if I could
Wonderful
One star due to needlessly removing Facebook Messages. Bring it back and you get a higher rating, you're lucky I didn't uninstall the app completely.
But fix it please
Was good, then they changed to Messenger. I don't want to download another app just to pm someone.
Now I have to download messanger.  Wth. I don't want to download another app unless I really want to . I don't message a lot but I think this is an inconvenience for some
When i click on the Facebook application it shows a gray screen and sometime says its not responding. One more thing is that how come the android app version of Facebook cant be as fast and the iphone version.
This app worked GREAT untill you forced us to download the bullsh*t messenger app!! Hate it!! Ruined facebook!!! Done with the bull crap I'm sticking to twitter and Instagram! !
I sooo dislike the fact that in order to view our Facebook messages we have to download a separate app... like wth, seriously? This feature brings a lot of privacy issues. This sucks!
Great
Hi
Super star app
So this version got rid of the in app messaging and requires you to download Facebook messenger which itself is a mess. The messenger pretty much has access to your entire phone data. The price you pay to talk to friends. Awesome......
Dont want to install a messenger....why you insist...there is not option to skip it
In order to message people they force you to download messenger
When I check the app in the morning with the 'most recent' feed, it gives me posts from the previous forty-five minutes and then from eight hours previous - nothing in between. I use this app to keep up with what's current. It's functionally useless for that purpose as long as it continues creating these massive gaps.
Ayush chawla
its just a nice app to have.
Love it
Awesome! C&m5t????????????????????????????????????
I love fb but the app keeps freezing up and says it isn't responding very frustrating... Plz fix
What is going on??? I Dont want to install facebook messenger ... Your app sucks .. Now Seriously
Works perfectly with out errors
This app is really great . It connects to my friends n family who are in abroad .
Ko izmisli ovo cudo pas mu trag izio ;-)
E
RIDICULOUS YOU HAVE TO HAVE ANOTHER APP TO VIEW MESSAGES!! Fb should be one app not 2!! I WILL NOT download messenger
Cant edit my profile
Aha aha ilike it
ia
worst! not all news feed shown.
First we follow people to get a news feed. Now I can't message anyone cause I have to get the app.
Best
Much memory consumption. When i try to update it always need more space for memory consumption and i have to uninstall other app just to update facebook. Please make fix this. And also the loading of news feed, should also must be fix already.
I am not going to install an additional app just to use Facebook messaging. Why was this change made? Until a logical explanation, or a reversal of this issue, I won't be using the app.
Removing the messenger function? Really.? I dont want to install another app for just messenger. Same facebook app..  Mobile browser it is then..
excellent
I really love this app !!!!
Its gud
asara
Got stuck with the new version during a factory reset.   Total resource hog. Way too many permissions requested.   And facebook STILL will not play ball with android for contact data to allow access to the API so we can merge facebook contact info with the android system.   And now they want to kill messaging in the base app? NO THANK YOU.
Can't even f*cking open it for a minute! Suddenly crashes when I open. Better fix it fast
Love this app
Nice
786
Keeps force closing.... Every time!!!! Wth?
Good Time pass. I like it. But can't share vedio to another app. Please explain how share vedio to another app. Pl do this
I hate that it is making me take up extra space on my phone by forcing a download down my throat. I enjoyed the easy availability of having everything in one app. This is redundant and pretty dang annoying :/
could not download
I wish it would post stories in order of most recent. I follow a lot of news programs and I don't need to see a story from 3 days ago. Top stories is the dumbest thing ever.
Good apps
Nice one .
If I could I'd give it zero stars. I get an error message every time I try to download it. (UPDATE) One month later and I still can't download this app. WTF??? (UPDATE 2) It's been nearly 2 months and I still can't download this app. I'm done with android and this point. Screw this sh*t!!!!!
This is a BAD update! I still can't see any pictures in newsfeed! 8/26/13 Pictures are gone again! Come ON, Facebook!!! 9/11/13 Pictures gone again in newsfeed. Had to uninstall/ reinstall AGAIN!!!
Amman jordan
i cannot use facebook anymore

Last updation  
I have to download another app so that I can send and receive messages?  Something that this app should and has easily been able to handle.  I have no want for a phone full of Facebook apps.  No thank you.  I'll just be using my browser from now on.
I need this feature, please...
Good apps
This is very big problem why we use facebook....
Give back the "most recent" option... hate the fact that i have to spend more than 10mins going through "yesterdays status" just to see "todays"
No thanks. I dont need extra app. 1 star.
Just say superb
Good!
Is nices
Ist class
This app has an annoying bug.   While reading through posts it will randomly and intermittently jump to the top requiring me to scroll back down through hundreds of posts to get back to where I was reading.
Facebook, blah.
Kay bolav ya aap badal...khup changala timepaas aahe..fakat timepass kara mitrano
It. Needs to improve
Very nice
123456789
Why do we need to downlod messengers. We dont need that app and what happend to our chat in facebook. Why cant i enter the chat pls fix this problem
Certainly a 5 star now compared to the previous app. Loads up pretty fast! Happy! :-)
I want graph app in it
Why force people to download a whole separate app for something that worked fine in the first place? I didn't do it and now since I can't use messaging I uninstalled this one. I'll just check in less frequently from my web browser.... I can't believe how much space it freed up. So I guess thanks for the horrible decision facebook.
Now for me to access my messages I have to download yet another app... I don't understand why this changed and no I don't like it one bit! I don't have massive amounts of space on my phone already because of apps like this and for you to force me to download something else just so I can stay in contact with my family and friends that are a thousand miles away is complete Sh*t!
It is well...
Would rather use in browser and not have to constantly switch to most recent stories instead of top. Also I don't appreciate being Forced to download another app just to read my messages. This app gets worse with every update
Why must I download a separate app to message my friends? Please revert back to the old way of messaging. This is rediculous
Thank you
People are stupid. This is made for the dumb masses. Make sure you tell everyone about everything they don't need to know about.  Forget privacy just make sure you share
Very good apps
Excellent
Thank you
Yes I love it
It awesome but i have a problem, the message, i still need to install the messenger, ill give you 5 star if you'll put it back what it is supposed to be Thank you!
Can't move to SD card
Addicted
Anyway to add translating to the app like the web version?
Superb
Awesome
Facebook
Update sucks
Top stories as the default selection is annoying, why can't I just select which story feed I want as the default from the settings?. Also, it turns out now I have to install a separate app to see my messages, not good. Besides this rant the app is decent I guess. Meh.
this is bullsh*t . first it was cant get the latest posts have to click most recent all the tme now I have to install messenger . wich I hated. f**K this app!!!!
good app  but slow
Casino  game its as fun and something to get your hands into the game
cool
Abbas
Forcing ppl using app that they don't wanna install
love it
Dont like the new update
Facebook messenger app sucks ..... there is no sign out button at all. I want to access my messages from Facebook without downloading the messenger.  Being that back!!!!!!
Now witu making use the new messager it kills this app
Great
Jj
When you comment on a post the page you like posted, People reply on your comment but you can't see their reply..
Because the game its so cool
Very good
Ok
Good
Keep crashing... Open app n it closes every time since update TRASH!!!!
The spying. What a dick move. What are u the CIA
Please fix bugs....later u cn get obviously more stars from users....
Nice
bic of my time
Does what it supposed to do but you really have to optimize the code.... Loading the app is longer than a coffee break!
Awesome
Superb soscial media
When i just install this app, everything is fine, but after a few hours, it can't play video and return to the homepage, please fix this...
I like it because you can share or post every time..
Cant save pics from inbox
Wasnt even installed 1minute. FIX IT TO DEFAULT TO MOST RECENT!  #fbappsucks
nice
Good
Group are not open in this app. It is very poor app. Make something's about group more faster. And use low data. It make our data save. This app is very slow. It use lot of data.  This is not good app.very slolw app.
The app itself is around of 25 MB and using it once consumes about 30 MB which is a lot more than when used FB on the Browser.
Ok
While I understand why you want to to separate messenger, the permissions it requires are insane.
Thanks
Nyc
V good
Add some good transition animations.. Add it in future...plus a star for new material design for cmnt boxxx
Videos don't hardly play no more always says unable to play and I've turned auto play videos of but still plays the
Theres something wrong with it ! I cant even open it !
The best
Best app
I don't want the messenger app! Stop asking me about it and now I can't see my messages unless I get the app? It should be an option.
Why do I have to have messenger in order to send inboxes? Facebook is really acting dum if you do change it back to how it was nobody is going to want to use it cuz nobody have space for Facebook and messenger fix it please
love it
RATE us
I like it more
New update shuts off fb every time I go to my news feed

Not much more satisfied with this version.Its too slow in my smart phone
Wahl
Fb
I don't want to go to messenger because it wants to much information and it could destroy my device data I'm so not getting it so pleaes go back to facebook  its the only way I contact people if you fix this I will give 5 stars
Too much memory and battery
Love it
Cool
Super
The new update has bugs, the main one being when watching videos, after about 40 seconds it closes the video and i have to go back into it....and fix the newsfeed to most recent! The new layout looks good, but runs badly. Update, dropped from 2 stars to one, the video issue is still there. Update, video issue still not fixed! It has been months now and i've reported it numerous times... If it weren't for the fact I don't use facebook for videos it would have been deleted long ago
dis app is gud I lyk 2much
Good ...
I'm using sony xperia Z2 and i can't play videos without cleaning data, every single time. Please please fix this, it's so annoying...
This service is the biggest time consuming, time wasting app I have ever used. I drew the last straw when it attempted to force me to download another app for messaging.
Funciona cundo quiere.
This is the time hate fb apps my chat is not working always forcing me to downlaod messenger
Facebook ko
Miss you home
After recent 2-3 updates it has started to lag! N is very slow! I waited so that u wud change it but its still the same! I use samsung galaxy s2
Good app.
Can no longer send messages through app.
This fb is like a friendster
Yoy shouldnt make us download messenger because some people dont like it. It should be our choice. Facebook is the only app i have that tries to control stuff....like your name...ur msgs...etc. Hopefully someone will create a new better page than this one.
Totally bloody app...after each update it sucks...stupid update whenever i go for message it shows abt messenger..totally irritating app
This app sucks it takes up to many space
Very slow and heavy application ...plz improve it
Everything is Very Good, But it Lacks alot of feutures thats from the PC.
No option to download video 
I can't press like any more! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Why bugs always here in andorid software please fixxx many users have this bug
Nice improvement
Great
But there's a problem the facebook messenger was been a latest application now I don't want the fb messenger I liked the facebook but I'm bashers of facebook messenger sorry  !!
Excellent
hmmm good 1 but make sure of those bugs
Why can't i share content with other persons private message? I can only share on my timeline, other persons timeline and in a group
good but not
I like facebook
Why cant I bring up my about on my profile page I need that to get to my likes would you please put about on my page or tell me how I put it on there
Not diwnl
Top class
Everything is ok,but I really want the recent posts back,I don't want to see some posts from 2 days ago :( Please add that :(
i love facebook...
I made the mistake of updating my facebook app, and now it's more complex and has a different layout, but it does have a few cool new features. Big invasion of privacy though! Always read the agreement before updating or installing any application.

Ram
Fb is the best an I like it don't u
Luv it..
I hope there can be a way to search a post on your timeline. That way you can easily revisit some of your favorite moments or find a post you wanted to show to your friends. Another thing: there are posts that seem to be missing in my timeline. Why is that?
Too loggy . It always forces me to stop the App.
What happened? After up dated i cannot open up photos from my albums! And what the heck with the messenger that keep appeared each time i click the inbox!!
Love it
Please make an app for reading posts, a separate app for posting statuses, then one for uploading photos, maybe yet another app to view friend requests. This would go great with the new messenger app  you are forcing people to use. (All have to be at least 20mb in size though)
Raja raja
Valiya
i like it..
Y
Good
Excellent
Freaking friends
Why the hell is the Facebook app forcing me to install yet another app for messages? I could check messages just fine on my phone without the stupid app, why change it and make things harder for people? I wonder now if there is another Facebook app out there that is better than this one.
Chat pics can not b saved and can not b deleted and app size big big big big why?
I is are very best pleased
Only good for front page
The free calls is very bad, cuts out so often... Also, forcing us to use msg app... That's bullshit!
Could be better
Why is there still no videos album listed under albums!?
G.isa dbka
It crashes everytime i try to look at my synced photos
Nice!!:))
Pass
facebook
I think my Facebook app days are over. Needing a separate application to send a message? Might as well just send a text message.
Want most recent news feed.
i lik
When i click on friends video on wall.. App gets closed.. Please fix this bug.. Im using micromax turbo A250.
Can't read mesages,  and i don't want other app for that.
No more most recent on the news feed = rubbish app. We dont want your filtered content. We want to see it all.
Love it
More color. And design
Gdnsk
Great app.
hi
thud is best
009665
Can't even use it.  Freezes when i scroll though my fb app. Fix this asap
memory eater..plss fix it...
Updated
Good app
Per
Nice
Ks
Need to download fb messenger to read a messege -.-
Its good app
Cool
Put Some Custom Privacy Settings That We Can Custom A List Of Friend That Cant See Our Post
Soooooooo bad appl. So hard to open, dont have update. ,the timeline dont get the new posts
I don't want to use your sucking messenger app. Kindly remove your get the app tag from Fb app. Worst app ever.
I think its very much consumin memory
Used to use messages as an excuse to look thru news feed. Note that they've completely disabled messaging, can't do that anymore. Will uninstall and use mobile app
Why do I have to have an app for fb and a separate app to read my messages?
Nice but adict
Bad Boy
Why remove chat?
Nice
it wont download:(
My requests are blocked. I wnt to add more friends.
Messenger app is complete bullshit!!!!!!!!!

Mondal
Forcing someone to install another app in order to use what this app was intended for is just stupid. It should have been a choice if you wanted it or not. Good job Facebook for making the app 10 times shittier yet again...
Lame :(
I hate having to have two apps to use Facebook
Its so nice
I must be lucky getting no force closes. Just wish I wouldn't have to constantly change top news to most recent every single time.
The great entertainment app. This is very usefully for gallery pictures and videos easily share
Facebook is one of the bastion apps
Thanks very much to all the staffs for this transaction well done  and good relationships within the worldwide delivery.
Facebook bring friends the whole world in seconds. Awesome.
Good One
Lol
Wont install
But if used positively.......
Pilipinas
Can't find people
This new update makes the app not even open in my mobile. My phone force closes it and never open as it usually would do.
Forcing people to download a messenger is so stupid and that is why I'm giving you two stars because I can't rate the messenger (because I refuse to download it).
Why is fb forcing me to use Messenger when I m already okay with fb .. it is not opening my inbox unless and until I install and use messenger ... why ???? U cant force me >:(
Very good.
It keeps crashing !!!! About to delete it
APP ACCHA HE CHALANE ME MAZA AATA HE
Lalgandikota
taking for long in "just a moment" loading. you need to improve that.
Forcing ppl to use the messenger app is ugly and pathetic.  Way to be a bully!
Awesome
Love it
Just updated my app yesterday and mow it crashes after 30 seconds!!!!! Cant do anything!! Fix this!!!
I'm completely deleting the facebook app solely because of their extortion for the facebook Messenger app. You don't need two apps that get you to the same exact place. That's a waste of time to produce such an app and it's an even bigger waste of space on your phone. Going forward I will only use one way to get all my facebook needs and that's with Google Chrome that already comes with my phone.
Facebook
Great app
need improvements.....
Absolute crap. I do not recommend!!! After updating itself i could no longer use my phone. I had to reset the whole thing and lost everything!
Please fix the crashing issue then ill rate 5 stars.
Supar
It was fantastic until your most recent update! Why on earth can't I tag people in comments or statuses anymore??? Stupid!
Why? Coz it wont allow view my chat box unless I install their product! Stupid!
50
Nice but so slow.
What  a nice app   . Best  app in  world.i  love  it
Nice like it
Yeah its okay still room for improvement though
News feed..sort by time no by likes
Like every new update of it :) Keep it up and thumbs up
CooL!
Kent
Love It  Keep It Turn On It :-D
Loads slow and takes up 50Mb when you log in
Good
I can't upload any photos! And later it says Facebook is not responding.. fix please..
Mantap
Sometimes i have read the messages.... but when i logged in again... it shows messages unread....& another problem is that i m forced to download messenger....  i m worried about this problem.... plz imrove it....
sumi
How many comments protesting the default "top stories" mode need to be made until you figure out users have a better experience viewing most recent stories by default? Also, please get rid of every single comment on an otherwise "top post" status lurking its way into the most recent stories feed. Ideally, Facebook should work the same way Twitter apps often operate- the app would open where the viewer left off, and you can scroll up to chronologically view up to the most recent post.
Loved it
Suddenly being forced to install the messenger to get messages just sucks.
Nice application for communication
good app
This is officially not worth it.
Imback
Wow the good brower of this world .this browser very speed and the fun...
They force you to download more apps just to maintain what this one does.
Now I can open facebook.
Najam
Good
I don't want an app that that reads almost everything on your phone as you do it so that it can target ads to you and sell the information to 3rd parties.  Look at your EULA.
I want to check messages direct from facebook app but it is continously forcing me to download facebook messenger which i dont like kindly fix this problem
I lov facebook
Better on 3g only.. Too much slow on 2g
This is yet another try to shove messenger down my throat... I was slowly getting sick of the previous attempts but now I CAN'T TEXT PEOPLE IF HAVEN'T GOT MESSENGER? Really? If I wanted it, I'd have downloaded it! Another thing are all those permissions... The next thing you'll need to know 'in order to improve my facebook experience' is going to be my grandmother's second name or what ...? Last but not least I want to say that the interface of the app is getting worse with every single update...
Thanx facebook teem
Thankas
Very nice appp... i cant poen my album in this app.. plz fix this!!
Nice
The chart of geral friend
Willie bum bum

Go
Wtf with new update, separate messenger ? Shi*
BUT KICK
Its tooo awsm...:* :* :* :* :*
Great
Manzoukich
One star because i am forced to use the Messenger app in order to talk to people now.
Photos take time to upload so slows...please correct it
Love the book
Force people install messenger
This app is cool
I don't understand why i have to have facebook messenger to look at my messages, your making me download an app that i don't want why? I liked it just fine the way it was you need to fix this immediately or i will be removing facebook!!!
Having to try more than three times to sign in because it keep saying not responding and forcing you to close is really annoying. So is not having most recent post when you sign on.
Its worst deadly slow, and hanging my mobile. I uninstall the app
good app
Super love it
unable to login
Fehl y
I absolutely positively hate the new look on Facebook why did u change it plzz put it back to the normal version why are u doing so much updates that doesnt make any sense sorry there wasnt a 0 rating... u dont even deserve a 1 star... my friends and family definitely does not need to see what ive liked also +++For an updated version this one sucks even worst, everytime I use it it freezes up for while
I love facebook it fun
Wonderful
Am enjoying this service its great
I don't like it's design, I think old version is more useful 
No problem
Really great
Gud app
It is so cool
Its a constant error message and it force closes a lot.. I guess the new update made it worse. Recent update sucks!
facebook
jackonworld
Goodbye Facebook app.
Since Facebook removed the ability for me to read and reply to messages, it's pointless keeping this app as I may as well just use my browser which is easier, saves on memory and means I have to give away far less access to my phone as the main app and messenger app require.
Facebook use to run great on my phone, but then all these updates came along and I'm lucky if Facebook runs longer than two minutes before crashing. It's slow, and freezes/crashes every time I log onto the app. Please fix for the Hydro Kyocera.
It ok
nice
Nice app..
Nice
Sensational
Always Not responding

loving it
No good apps....
No way will I download a separate app just for messages .... You must be out of your minds
It's super
Terbaik
-,-
Video option not showing
Links won't load, home screen won't load, news feed not up to date....terrible update
Messenger was blocked and it noe forces all to download a second app for it. I don't want all the crap that comes with that! I want the simple messanger that was built in this one. I don t want to use all the crap you put out to sniff people's info.
It won't let me watch videos
facebook became bad after the lastest update please fix it i can't refresh any pages or messages
Loving It...
Adfhjdkook
Refuse to download a pointless app to use message feature
I like it
Its facebook, what do you need to know more ?
News feed sucks, seeing posts from people I don't even know. Saying they're a friend of a friend of a friend. WTF IS THAT!!?? Now users of the FB app are being forced to d/l FB Messenger app, just so we can see our msgs, and just so FB can see into our private lives by stealing privacy info from our phones. Just gonna use FB via browser. @ least till y'all manage to fubar that.
I don't need a separate app.
fb update
it helps to do anything faster than other tools and applications.i can upload more photoes on facebook...
Is so good
Nice one
Hmmmmm lovely
Cool cool cool
Good
I loved it so much
bad
Guys its impossible! It crashes EVERY SINGLE TIME I try to open it!!! It crashes WAY too much!!! I cant use it normally!! And the app lags way too much too!!
Can't open
Love Facebook
Please installing my phone why facebook dont installing my phone my phone is galaxy 3 why ? And when I open facebook and I write my email and my passwors he isnt open why
So now I'm being forced to download another app just to access my inbox messages....fb you blow.......

In case of sharing post, there is no option to share it in private message.
The new update causes major lag when I scroll. Searches take an absolute age. Not happy with the way facebook is going. Probably delete account soon.
I will not be forced to use an app with ridiculous permissions for messages.  If this doesn't change I am deleting the app and using the mobile site.
Sangat baik
I cant open it.
Apps eating a lot of memory. Pls... kindly change this. Facebook in my phone is almost in 100 MB. My ram was also decreased. Pls fix this on your next update. Thank you.
Old posts on newsfeed. Pls fix the news feed as soon as possible. But it loads faster.
Won't even open anymore
Good app normally but I'm having massive problems with video playback. The videos play for about 20 seconds and then stop and an unknown error message pops up. I'm not the only one with this problem looking at other forums
It has on the other hand has not worked for me for three weeks iv had to shut it o fff log out at least six seven times daily
Its alright iont use Facebook no more for my safety
I don't appreciate being compelled to download a separate app for messages and give up even more data and privacy.  I will uninstall this app.
The space it occupies is really out of the limit. It says 22mb but later has 123mb. Do something about it and you will get a five
Ahmed
Usha
Yes
Love this
Is so bad
Very nice
Aspak
Not happy. I cannot find a way to upload cover photo.
And now not even allow you to read message and have to install another junk app just for that
Everytime I install this app, I end up uninstalling because it is a bit of a battery hog. I've just saved a favorite of the webpage on my desk top and it works fine for general facebook browsing. The only problem is that if you don't have the app, you don't have an option on various things to share to Facebook so I end up installing the app only to find that later it has used half of my battery so I uninstall it. Other then that I feel that the layout and useability isn't too bad.
This update is HORRIBLE!! Can't watch any videos and news feeds take forever to load...
It is a nice app I love it
USE IT AS A LAST RESORT
App crash every time i try to open any video...
Just lub it
unable to download
Force me to get the messenger
Good
Nice
,
Good
A constant nuisance.  Facebook on Chrome is so much better, I wonder why it is this pathetic on Android.
It's gud and faster than browsing on browser but i cant chat or send messages to anyone for that only propose i need to spend 13mb more in downloading a facebook messenger.. WTF!!!
Why two apps... non sense!!!
Facebook is the best :)))
Please stop recommend messenger and stop the chat service in it.. need to consider the storage of the phone too.. so do not force user to install messenger.. thanks
This app load images very slow . . .
The messenger within the app works fine so why do we have to download a seperate app? Ridiculous. Please change this.
Nice but it should have themes in it
Plz increase the scrolling speed ..... it show some lacks plz update and fix it .
Facebook is always updating sometimes they Chang something that is good and they don't focus on the problems.
I cannot click on links without being redirected to an error page and then to the website I requested.  Very annoying and time consuming to say the least.  Only happening on the latest version.  Planning to revert to the previous version if I can.
Very good
Mst h bhai
I want the old facebook
Prince
Otherwise no.1
The only app that takes up 92mb of ram. Can access from browser so don't need this app. Facebook is getting too big for its own good.Also failed to update due to not enough memory.. Not true.
Nice
Messenger compulsory
Awesome and cool
Anwar kavish.
Stupid facebook.
Qwer14
Happy Happy Happy 
My newsfeed is loaded down with every post that my Facebook friends liked or commented on. I really don't want to see all of that. If they don't like it enough to want to share it, then is it really necessary to dump all that on my newsfeed?

We need recent post!!
Good
Terima  Kasih#
Third class application
Removing chat from app is unforgivable
This apps bakwas
Now that you have to use Facebook messenger which is stupid to have to have both apps thinking about uninstalling. Any more stupid changes and I will.
Im really unhappy that you now have to have two aps just to talk to people on facebook as if data isnt expensive enough now I have twice as many aps open. Really really crap. Change it back to one ap
Never Up
Good
Now its a 2 cause u r forsing ppl ti use megger went to kerp it uo there is no no thanks no nit now its down load up or learn norr soundd like ur bossibg ppl i dont with to use it cause most ups u ppl got have virsuses hu now u  cam fix that rite now so i csn talk ti my friends wuth out u making me down load it or it can go to 1 star then 0 ur chonce grow balls amd fix it  now
I hate you incurred fb messenger forcing us to install it to our device! It isn't Fair!
Good application
why do i need to download the messenger app in order to get my messages?? When I try to post a photo and take the picture through Facebook it never posts it and have to do it all over again. Also, sometimes I try to click on my notifications and it never shows them so I have to exit the app altogether and then open it back up and then it shows them. Plus this app is so big! Takes up so much room on my devices. I have been using other social networks lately.
My mob karbonn a90 not run facebook  (massage show) the appliction google play stor stop
AMAZING APPLICATION
Awesome
Good
i love this app its too fast browsing and uploading photo
Shamstabrez
Good app but needs fixing as when i bring it up it takes forever to load
Hey make it work.
I reach d world
The best app
Everything is amazing with this app but it still has it's problems and I have some personal needs/requests that maybe people would also like. Firstly, the problems: with videos I can sometimes (very rarely) view them without any problems but most of the time it'll go half way through a video and suddenly say something along the lines of unable to play this video. Secondly, my personal request: being able to reply directly to comments.
Hi
Always got to update some.
There is nothing good about this app (and there never has been).
You need facebook messenger to open your messages!
Ashish
I don't want a separate app. I don't want Facebook's idea of a feed (I want most recent). I don't want to be forced in to using it a specific way.
I'm now deleting this app as its forcing me to also download the stupid messenger app in order to use this one.. Plus the messenger app wants all the info off my phone like contacts etc...dirty as hell Facebook!
Too much updates all the time make this app annoying
I loved it but I got bored by fb
not bug fixes update . my phone huawei g510-0010 & can't open video and downloading. repair next update
Jhakassssss
M.asad .marshal
Nic
Arman
5star
Nice app
Love it. Makes it easier to communicate with other peeps!
Im ever able to get the new notifications, i see the number of notifications I press on the earth and I never have access to them... Very unpleasant
Don't force to download the Facebook messenger
Excellent
So beautifully
its gud
A bit annoying for slower internet, phone's not having a 3G connection, if its urgent else acceptable response
I g0t irritated by f0rcing me t0  instal fb messenger t0  see my msgs.. very rude :-@
Arshi
I hate this everytime i open my fb its always saying log and i cant open if i open it takes very long time  and my newsfeeds not moving long days now.. I try to uninstalled it and install again nothing happens plsss ..facebook fix this kind of problem ur latest update was very bad its better before than now plsssssssssssss..
I'm not being forced into downloading more apps. I hated the messenger app so I uninstalled it long ago. Bye bye fb app.
Tharopoil  Ayancheri
Nice
Facebook
:-)
forcing messanger
Fb
Facebook pi facebook messenger... Spreco inutile di RAM... Finalmente ci siete riusciti ad obbligarmi ad installarle entrambe. Alleggerite entrambe le applicazioni!! Una stella  pure troppa
Ahuja
My mother always click remind me later on the message because my mother dont want to use facebook messanger and one time on the message she cannot remind it later so my mom need to download it
It's complete garbage for you to force us to use your other app. I'll continue to use Facebook but I'd rather use come to check my messages than use Facebook messenger!
IT EATS MY MEMORY WHEN EVER I LOG IN IT GETS 50 PLUS MEMORY THATS WHY I NEED TO CLEAR DATA EVERY TIME
Awsm
Super
Your app shouldn't require so much data collection on me.
Useless to comment
081995868
I Loved it....
have to make some much batter options
Download error 919
Hom
Just had the latest up date installed and I can no longer view my own "about"..........?!?!?!?
Like
i really love the new facebook update. even though its even slower. but i think i gonna like it sooner or later.
Unable to message a friend via this app...it says to download messenger and nit is not supported in my tablet..
Superb i like it :)
Love this app it connects to your friends
Best app so easy to work with
Its rubbish that I need to install another app just to message people! Facebook is really going down hill, I suggest you change it back.
70553286
Ok
I really didn't wan't to download Facebook Messenger because it takes up more RAM thus makes the phone a little slow. With previous version I could view posts and chat in this one app. But now I have to install two seperate apps which run all the time in background.
I used to use Friendcaster, but I'm able to do a hell of a lot more with the Facebook app. Keep up the good work.
Love
Good one
Super fast
Now is forcing you to use the annoying fb messenger, fix that thing..
Not have enough time to describe about this app
Cant play vedios on my phone
Ok
Sharif
Loved it
Poor
I thought it was an good app. But truly it is toooo tuf to handle it
sometimes a bit slow but nice useful app. need to add option of sharing a post in someone's personal message.
Can you remove the automatic videos? Data is getting eaten up quick and also photos seem slow to appear in news feed.
Loved this app....
Hello..
Is working soo goog
Nice app
u
Good app untill force install of messenger then uninstall all facebook apps
The app keeps giving fake message notifications. Trying to get me to install an app I don't want. This is now spyware with the new permissions. I'll be blocking access to such data as my contacts.
Facebook
bring messaging to fb app back!
N just when it was prefect u guys ruined it
Few development requires like post of photos in bulk quantity
Updayes
Plz reduce the amt of internal memory used by this app even after moving to SD card it takes about 26 mb space What the hell is this
love it
It takes too much space :/
Messenger are bullshet
I like it
Facebook
This app is great
Lovely.
I like this beacuos you can talk to your frendes
Ang laki laki ng space bkit ayaw mo mag download FACEBOOK!!!!!!!!! 3:)
Much easier to use. I wish for more cool updates
Another usless update thanks dicks
Some
Maseger no openn.. Very erorr
Turn of notifications in a post where user liked or commented on doesn't  work; this is annoying
Niceeeeeeeeeeee
Nice one....vry user friendly
Why do I need a separate app for messages?
You really messed up facebook forcing us to download another app just to chat...that....is bull
Its ok could be better..
Its amaazing....
Great app but you should also include the 'listening to' 'watching' thingy. (IDK what its called..
beacause frm.facebook.katana chat is not allow there iscomplusery download messenger that is so bad
It doesn't load for me it just says loading and above it try again please fix -droid 2
Very good
naimul
Love it
Why fb can't reply to other comment??..where is that function??
Plz add page maneger in this aap
Keeps saying error feed when refreshing
Now i have to use two products for the same Facebook experience..? Big step backwards.
Gud
Its ok
Good
Some people can become so negative when they see change. I like the new design, uploading is quick. But dislike the top stories... just give me an option for recent posts. Keep up the good work.
Facebook is now trying to make everybody install a separate app to use their messaging. The messaging app is a major battery drain.
It is really bs that I have to add another add on before I can send and receive my messages. So to continue to use my app, I have to allow Facebook messenger all these extra permissions.
Sometime I got Logout By just sending a friend Request this problem should be Removed
One of the bogus software .it use over gprs n create a problem for over phone. When I install it so my phone(samsung galaxy grand 9082) is many times hanging problem
FACEBOOK
Gud but images appear late and cant change profile pic it takes more time
Can't chat without facebook messenger... but, still no update...
Messsage cant be read... fix it!!!
Not too bad!
I want to copy text from others posts
I'm happy to see this new look...still drags in few places..
K
The Facebook App Consumes to much (MB)
Great
It was never ok, but now without messages .. mockery is the best name for it.
Good
i love facebook using
Awesme
I don't need to explain this. It is just dumbest thing I have ever seen. To force people download a separate app is just outragously arrogant  behavior from Facebook...
Nice app
Speed up please
Great
Good
Labbaik ya hussain A.S
Very slow
Why would I want to have to install messenger when using it within the Facebook app worked just fine?
Like
All the things r good but the problem is that we can't send videos in inbox .. this is the main prob by the way nice app, superb ! :)
Fanni
K  K
This new face book required me to get their messenger app which I had 0 interest in downloading. Then when I got it it asked me to sync my contacts and text. I want to keep Facebook and my phone contacts separate. Did give option to skip and not sync but later asked me again.
wew
AYFKM
what a hell is this I don't won't to install massenger  why are you forcing me to install ...Give me answer facebook
I think fb is the most known app in the world which help to connect friend and family and give a chance to make new friend
Why we have to download Messenger vid it??????
I love my fb
Keep in touch with family and friends.
PLEASE HELP ME I COULD NOT UPDATE TO THIS NEW VERSION
Since last update, I can't tag/put friend's name in comment...name of friends don't come up automatically anymore.
It is very good and helpfull apps .I like it.
Superb
Baroda send brokars
None
Its slow and horrible it doesn't let me read my messages because "i have to get messenger" that's just plain bull
Facebook
Ano ng yari. .
Ol
I'm very like
Thank you!
I need to see the most recent post. ... automatically.... PLEASE
Good

Satisfied
What happend to you Facebook?

Those who did not like this app they were crazy
Yeah!
Awsome stuff
Now I hve 2 keep 2 apps for Facebook 1 for chating n 1 for surfing ths is ridiculous....plz fix it as soos as possible..

I would like for you to make more options as of who is able to see my posts. If the group is public, I don't have a choice of changing who can see what I'm posting, and all my friends and everybody else can see it. Please fix it!!
Its keeps forcing me to download the messenger! I cant chat without it because it doesnt have an exit/cancel button! Please fix it!
The Facebook app works fine but the fact that they force you to install a second one just so you can  chat is annoying. What's next ? A third app just to view photos and another one to watch videos ? Uninstalling and will use the web browser from now on.
Great
rund fairly fast
Razaknas
Facebook app is getting worse and worse.  I mean what are the developers thinking? Let's change it and make it less user friendly by making option less accessible?  Get your act together. And guess what an update that doesn't change bubkiss 
Like it
Friendly
Time ke liye best hai.. Isse kuch fayda..nhi hai..but..  Thik thak hai.. And famly and friend se thora chating v kar leta hu... But facebook karn .apna time barbaaat mat kigye...
This is for forcing me to download facebook messenger. I dont like that app. I prefer to use the messaging inside facebook. I cant use that messaging inside facebook without installing that stup*d app. Rated 1 on both apps.
Takes ages to load...
Love it
Its its its its its ............................
Its good
67, and
I can't chat with my friends it is forcing me to install facebook messenger huh I don't want that just sucks for me now uninstalling it
It really really great app thank you  very much for made this app ......

Just keeps getting worse had to uninstall and reinstall the app and redo the update and its now decided i dont have a most recent newsfeed and when on groups it looks like the really old facebook! What the hell?
Awesome app
free calls r not working
Facebook
it doesn't show my about me or a way to put it on my feed
Whenever I want to open d messages it makes me download the messenger otherwise I cant msg anyone. Plz fix it
It is very slow app.
These updates are awful. 1. I want to be able to set my feed to most recent. It seems like the majority of people want it that way as well, and you're just straight up ignoring that request. 2. I don't like the messenger app. I've already tried it and wasn't fond of it. Pretty upset that it's my only option, since my phone won't download it. Now I have messages I can't fuckin' read. Great job guys; thanks a lot! (That last sentence is loaded with sarcasm, just thought I would point that out for you.)
Its quite slow
Many helps to me. I join with my old frnds this.
Lanphaphalan
the new update isnt working
First there's that new messener app we need to get in order to message people & then there's the additional fact that it'sas if the fb app doesn't take up space as it is...I mean come on! I can't even update this cause of "Insufficient storage". Then everytime I want to see something new on my newsfeed, it's either from the past 2 days or an advertisement-.-
Awesome
Nice app
FB is so good you have to also download
I like to socialize
Ok
Facebook
It's a huge consumer of RAM and CPU and also there is no ability to upload actual files and send them as messages just record audio and upload pictures , also forcing me to use messenger is a huge turn off as it consumes even more memory
Its best app
Amejing
This app is amazing. I can upload pictures of my baby cousin.
Waste of times.. Going out of reality..
Good
I see all the feeds... and its very fast
very interesting but it have ultra storage in mobiles
Usefulness
idk just try
But... Drama I try change maker people happy but drama
Bring back the message function.
Awesome
Mwah
Lalab <3
Ok
Bye Facebook App...
This needs one bad strait up its pissing me off!
I need just one app for Facebook.
Face book rules
I like this apps,
I love Facebook
Cant view messages unless you download messager. Though messager kills your battery life and always stuffs up im using interenet browser from now on
This app WAS great but for some reason they want you to download a messenger app as well. So now it tells you you have a message but you can't read or reply to it! Why have 2 apps when 1 worked fine? They clearly don't read feedback from users.
Nw atfa udate it jex doesnt open...stuck on "loadin just a moment"
Love this app only thing I don't like is it don't give updated status. Hopefully since this upgrade it will give updated status!
i think developer need to make a good app it too slow please make a good and fast app
Nic app
Why do we have to install ANOTHER app for our msgs, fb app takes enough space on my phone!! Not liking dis
Negtram
Okish...
Face
Keep it up
I can't tag more than 50 friends in one status..How I Can??Please Fix It..
Lo
Loved it
Why is messenger forced..!?!?!?
No  custom privacy option  available... it should be there
Please sort it out its said this a few times ....
It is to big
This app ruins my phone and makes me angry becase alaways a ad pops up every time when i am using it and even when i am not using it . Hate it so much .
Gud 1
Nice app
It looks good
ujhhys
so
This new version does not allow the friends' profil  information knowledge (aka "about")  unlike the previous one
Speed. Is real. Slow as a snail
chat.teass . swap pics whatsapp or just talk kinky
What the f..k I don't getting ma Fb inbox if I need chat I use messager what the hell use Fb fk
It forces me to download facebook messenger TO SEND MESSAGES  ... AND I DONT LIKE IT .. PLZZ FIX IT AS SOON AS POSSIBLE
After the recevent updates its not at all working well. It gets crasded and need to force close. It is also taking time to start. Please fix this ASAP or I will be uninstalling this app and will depend on PC version.
Pls dont force me to download tha fb messenger
I CAN'T TO DOWNLOAD THIS APPLICATION.. WHAT I WILL DO? ALL MY APPLICATIONS I INSTALL I DELETED ALL.. BUT I CAN'T TO uNSTALL THIS.. PLEASE HELP ME.. I WANT THIS APPLICATION COZ I TRY IT BEFORE.. NICE TO USED IT..
Its only one app.that fresh u
Nica app working perfect no lag but where is blocking option ? Lol . video stuck sometime then have to close or open it again otherwise its perfect
Super
new frend bano aut  dosty badao
This is good
A great app its faster than browser
Nice app. ;) <3
Nice
Its an awesome app uploaded with lots of features And specially photo can be uploaded very easily
Great
Good. But Im still adjusting myself on this latest version. Slightly difficult to operate
I am man aged 50yrs and well educated.

Facebook
changes to IM and messaging are distracting and disruptive.  The messaging app also requires too many permission.  Uninstalling Facebook and using the website instead.
Good
4 stars because you are foolish enough to think we will use messenger since yu yanked messaging from d main app.. very disappointed..
Help this poor in a india
Joma
I love this app
It z vey gud app for liking n sharing as well...n there  z little problem in loading otherwise it z superb..
The news feed sucks now! It shows post from days and weeks ago. I don't like how they are trying to force messenger on us too I'm thinking about deleting my Facebook
Wow
Nice
I dont want two apps......you should give ppl the choice to have messanger or not!
Come on Tom you wrecked myspace and now facebook opps wrong person cant tell the diffrence of how much of a sell out this has became
It always says 'webpage unavailable'. It's on wifi. FIX THIS ITS SO ANNOYING
suck i cnt download it
I wander why cant download videos?
XD
Ok Ok
Well performed in  my samsung tab 3
Now making you download a massager app really sucks no need for doing that crap
V
Fickbook
Its making me.mad
Cool
needs far too many permissions and offers dubious explanations for it. now forces additional spyware (messenger) on your device if you want to use messaging functionality.
Long time to load timeline photos
Good
It is so nyce
Really? I need to download messenger just to read my messages? That's Bs!
job
WHACK.
Updates becoming far more worst!!!
Awsome
It was alot better before the update wish I could go back to the other one
Funny how we all have put our complaints out here for the facebook team, but we never get a personal responce back from them. Just wondering if they really read them. Has Facebook gotten so famous that they have forgotten about their customers. Remember what happened to Myspace, they no longer excist. Fix the problems Facebook. My news feeds are not loading also.
I can't log in....it says that my internet connection is the reason but guess what my connection is great and all the apps are working !!!....fix this !!!!!!!!
Facebook
Good
I cant believe Facebook is trying to force me to download Messenger. I cant message anybody without it. There is a reason why I don't have it. Eats memory, updates constantly, Facebook notifies me when I get a msg I dont need another app for it. Nice try though, I went straight to Facebook on Chrome & logged in. I'm messaging people just fine. Stop updating Facebook. Whenever I update, absolutely nothing changes except more memory. I might just uninstall Facebook all together. Less problems for me, anyways
Great app. Sure to get in toich with old friends and the world
Very fun easy to use
Fb cool
Nice
Awesome!
Rohol.
Popo
Fix iiiiit ! the mb is too big !
I don't wanna install messenger and this is forcing me to. Hating it.
Chat
can not copy from text of moment
Unable to download images even which are uploaded by my self
its a gud app bt its surely is a battery eater n covers up half of d memory on my phone.... otherwise its gr8 bt could be better...!!!
Why facebook uses it's own Camera Roll feature that make us should take longer to find a photo before uploading it? Please use the default android gallery,to make it easier to find a photo to upload.
too much space
I love Facebook
Why it is not update ????
Can keep in touch with friends n family all over the world
I don't receive all notifications when I use Facebook Application. But when I enter through browsers I gets them all .Please fix this Facebook developers. .I beg you

\m/
Cool

Love n peace to all
Jewish owned app!!
Loved It
It takes a veeeeeeery loooong time to load.!
Facebook is very good apps
Its ok
Good
It satisfies much uses of fb, but it has not all the options like PC has...
the app becomes so laggish... you need to reset the phone before you can access the app due to app freeze
Being back messages on the app
I don't like that you have to download an app to message people I refuse to. Also I liked when my timeline had the option for most recent. I don't care who's status got the most likes or comments.
I can not install the app anymore!it says "insufficient storage" i have more than 1gb or storage!
Very nice application
Its biggest problem is that it always shows to download messenger
Still improvements
Good
sweet
After update I give 5 stars, when the new update come but they not satisfied users and the apps is going bad...I give back 1 stars....please keep the good update for all fb users
Deleted this app and downloaded a less heavier and less invasive 3rd party app. If you're going to use facebook, use your mobile browser or a 3rd party app instead. This 'official' app is basically useless. You can't even use messenger anymore with the recent update.
Love it!!!!
Whenever I am clicking on videos to see,app closes. And not able to untag myself from photos.
Share button is gone!
Attttt na b Attttt na b Attttt na
Im nt love so much the style of fb   Bt still OK ~
Will you stop pushing us to download the facebookbook messenger..not all people are upgrading their phone.. This app should be user friendly. I dont want to download it coz i dont need it. This makes my phone slower! Messenger in the facebook app it self is ok. Bring it back!
This gud app but the only problem is ,too slow better to give us new update soon ,I mean the one which is faster than this one .
As you should know that i hate to install a lot of apps. One apps is already enough for me. By separate facebook messenger to another apps make this apps become really sucks and i rather use Google Chrome than this Facebook apps. Please bring back Facebook messenger or maybe i should uninstall.
Why do we have to install a seperate messenger when there's already a built in chat system in the app? Revert it back!
super

Why i can't download my fb what's the problem even i have more load
Mera fb messages kam nhi kar raha jab bhi on karta hu to messenger downlod ke liye kehta h
Good
Facebook updated 8/6/14. Since then none of my Facebook contacts will sync to my phone.
Why, only fone memory ?
So now I need to download an entirely different app to read my messages? Deemed this app half useless, switching back to browser.
:)
luci gebta
1111111r
Ya it's connected to peoples
I'm uninstalling until the messenger app is no longer required to send and receive messages .
The last version is better...but sometimes takes a lot of time to load a photo
Ertt
Not much bad but m getting some problem to give 5
Tnx facebook
Msg will not be sent without messenger.and i want to knw how to logout the messenger
You should check our feedback and work on it. I start to dislike the fb on my phone because a lot of reasons. For an example.  I want to see the recent posts.  I dislike the auto notification once you add comments it's annoying.  Many pages am following but I never get their posts.
It is what it is
I don't understand why I can't access my messages and I have to install a different app to access my messages this is ridiculous.... I don't wont that Facebook Messenger app! !!!!!!
Make it smaller n light waight 40+ mb apps is eating mutch ram and rom..
Cbe
Networking
Ok
But slow
lili
just updated it few hours ago. cannot even open it. loading for a few minutes then back to home. why?
hmmm
Start hanging after update on my nexus 5
This new thing with the mandatory instal of Messenger is obnoxious.
Hangs extremely
I am being forced to download an app that  not only wants ALL my information,  but also takes up alot of space. ... ughhhhhh not good!
7 Stars
Mantaap
I love facebook but this app is ridiciolus! It takes memory to install it and it takes memory to open your favebook in the app! Horrible! Fix this!
Facebook
I mean it's not fast but it works!
Fb rocks
Ang bagal pag inapdate mu 1 oras pa nakkabad trip
Won't let me message people unless I download the messenger app
Hate that you have to install another app to view messages
Beautiful allow to hv gd frnd
I love this app.. ^_^ 5 star for this app.. Lop u guys
Sourav
Love it so much...make me connect with my loved ones easier.
Actually it make my phone slower. And most of the time, its being Force Closed. Need special app for lower androids.
I like this aap.
casto se odhlasuji a musim odinstalovat a znovu stahnou...drive to bylo o.k
1st it was not being able to see the most recent post. Now, I have to have Facebook messenger to view or reply to messages? Smh not cool
Needs to have a setting to change news feed to most recent not just top feed or most popular post
Nothin like this app i love it
Bagus3..
Ok
Can't i just use it as a package you really want a lot of downloads just for chat. Thanks to this i can't do much on my phone 'cause of low memory
Since the latest update it would not be able to receive my notifications, load my news feed, and it will not show my timeline. Please fix it
I will not download the messager app. There is no need for if. Please reopen the messaging system on the main app. There was nothing wrong with it. I'm not letting you guys have anything more from my phone or life.
ITBP INDAI T.B.P.
It is so good
I was using old versions
All I want is newsfeed to allow sorting to most recent. Then I'll love it.
Ok
Bashir I use this facebook so beatiful and wonderfull
Awsum
I have the same error over and over again. The error isn't only with some videos it is with all videos. Of I play them on the Internet app they work.
One star for trying to force me to install a unneeded messaging app
Keep it on this app.  Serious fail!  I do not need another freaking app.
Keeps freezing alot keep sending reports but do no good tried uninstalling and reinstalling and still does not work. ever since I updated it it sucked.
Why do messages have to be separate?  This is so annoying
It's useful for finding old friends. Difficult to navigate, badly designed app and web site.
The photos don't load in the feed after the update, it was working fine earlier. Dissappointed.
Good app
changed messanger get stuffed
Gud
Neeraj kha hi
just love it
Its good
I dont want mesenger to attach my fb
Jhakkas
Let the app be moved to the SD card again. You did it before... So you can do it again. It's not rocket science -_-
Can communicate to friends and relatives.
I like it
Keeps on crashing in the background which causes my phone to lag.
Rete this app
Kajal
Ghaint aa
Facebook
When I try to play videos on facebook, it freezes and then I get an error message that says "an unexpected error has occurred while playing this video". Also while reading the news feed, it unexpectedly jumps to the top of the page.
Uses lots of ram!!!
When i click on any video on fb, the fb app crashes n close. 2 star coz video is one of the important aspect. I am using micromax canvas turbo a250. Other YouTube videos work with no problems.
update doesnt look like its changed anything!!! its exactly the same as it was!?
Wow
very good
It has a tendency to show me whatever it wants to. I don't see all my friends status and sometimes my notifications disappear. I wish you guys would add the "dislike" button and the ability to "reply" to comments. It's still a good app when it's not bugging out
Good
Been better since the new updates.
Geetha
To slowww.      ((( YOU)))
Very best
Put message back I might as well use my phones web for all that
Love It that how I found out my bf had a Facebook page and found out this was lying to me :'(:'(:'(
Nice
Its good to use
No
Everything seems to be working fine.
nice
Ahmad
This app used to be alright before it got rid of it's messaging system and moved it to a different app that needs to know everything about me. It's a real shame.
this app in can I get everything old frend new Frend more Frend business news offers sell buy shear everything sorry I am so happy with facebook and this is a my life also without Facebook I have a nothing so I love it.
The old message system was so much better. App ruined...
I love Facebook.....on my phone! The app is way better than the computer version.
Wow now you have to have messenger to message people you guys suck now
It's stupid that they moved message to messenger but it's ok
Awesome
So I can't text my family unless I have messenger....that's just stupid now it won't even tell me if they're online...and my internet is to slow to be having too download this crap and I don't have enough storage...this is the worst update ever....I haven't liked it since the first new update...it closes out, freezes and I can't watch videos without it saying "error cannot play this video"
Don't like that I can't read my inbox. Have to download the messenger app
This is ridiculous...  I have to download a secondary messenger application in order to chat with the people I care through Facebook.  What's the point of the Facebook app if you cannot talk directly through it...  Just ridiculous.
Mangos
Since recent update app will not bring up any new posts or comments. Samsung S5
I am groot.
Cool and nice
very good
Love how fast it is
It don't work correctly , it takes to much space! I hate it it keeps updating for what?
Woooo
Cool
Hands down the best app in social networking.
It wasn't to make things run 'faster' but only to do even more data mining so instead I use chrome on Android to send my messages. Stupid move Facebook.
This sucks. My phone is making me install messenger.  Messenger doesn't work right and is a horrible app. I can not open messages now since the update on my Facebook app. It started out letting me read my messages and writing back then all of a sudden told me I had to install messenger to reply and read my messages.  I am not happy!
Looks like fb will be uninstalled. I'm over this separate messenger bull crap.
I should not be forced to have this app on my phone if I wish. Please allow me to remove the app from MY phone!!!!!!!!!!! What the f&%#!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This is big time garbage
Allow an option for storing this app to the users SD card it takes up too too too much space on the phones internal memory. Fix and I will again rate at 5 stars instead of 3. Love the app it just lacks in potential with no choice of storing app to SD card.
Olincejch@yahoo.fr
I DON'T WANT TO DOWNLOAD THE MTHERFKN FB Messenger app!
Basically not nothing to complain about when u get to see everything
Due to being forced to download messenger, an app I had no desire to use before or now, I've decided to also uninstalled this app. My browser works just fine thank you. Facebook makes the assumption no one can live without the site. Facebook, you would be... WRONG!
Just deleted the APP....if I have to download an APP to veiw my messages that are in an APP that already takes up space...I have no use for it.
Anytime I log off and let someone else log in, it crashes! Or if I go to someone else's profile, it crashes! Fix this or I'm uninstalling the app!
I can't report a video anymore.....galaxy s4!!! Please fix asap.
I do not want to see "top stories" I want my most recent back! Why would you even take that off? I want to know what is going on NOW  not stuff that you think is more important.  I miss so much stuff going on with my friends and family because I never see it on my news feed! BRING BACK MOST RECENT!!!!!! And I DO NOT WANT TO INSTALL THE MESSENGER APP! I refuse to install more crap on my phone because you keep messing up! THIS APP IS BEYOND STUPID! FIX IT!!!!!!
The app, the pc version as well. We are not your little guinea pigs.
Taking away the messenger feature is the most ridiculous thing. Twitter doesn't have a separate app for DMs.
Now I have to download the messenger app to message people is bullshit I don't like it I'm going back to MySpace fix it now . !!!!!!!
Klk
Due to the app, I have to download Messenger. Not happening so uninstalled this app.
You can probably guess where I think you should put Messenger.
Glitches a lot and not very user friendly
Its just a good way to connect with your old friends
On. The cid.
Everyone wants to see posts in chronological order, why can't we default it? Fb on it's way downhill...
I like this
Oreco
Love the app it put my in touch with family members that I would have never gotten to know.
I love this app
I use this app every single day to keep up with friends, family and my dog rescue.
The app always crashes when I am trying to open it on my phone this really sucks
Keeps me in touch with family a friends...
Latest update jacked my $%&t up. Fix it!  Gets worse all the time.  1. Old news... Want most recent not top news or most popular from days ago. 2. See more crap I don't want to see... Show me what my friends post, not what they like and comment on etc. 3. Can't save pics from comments. 4. Messaging. 5. Why does everything I like and comment on have to show up in everyone else's news feed. I miss the FB of old, I'm talking circa 2005
Doesn't have messages, which was the only thing it was good for. 1 star and uninstalled.
Forces you to download messenger
Lovveeeeeeeeee this app
The fb app itself is ok but now in order to read your messages you HAVE to download the messenger app! That's bullshit! Why would I want 2 apps to do something the original is supposed to do anyway?!
:)
I hate how Facebook keeps up grating,,, what happened to simple facebook?
Excellent
Great
Facebook messenge
Looks like crap on tablets. Battery drain.
I love it its good but it doesnt show the recent newsfeed it shows things from days ago what wrong?plz fiz and i will rate it five star
Since this app no longer supports messaging, I'm working to move away from Facebook altogether.
Wish it didn't take up so much Memory
Very good social catch and keeps
Let your viewers see most recent post as default! Why would you not want this for your Facebook users? I think all Facebook users are in agreement on this! WE WANT TO SEE MOST RECENT POST AS AUTOMATIC DEFAULT!!! I don't use Facebook as often due to this reason!  :(
This new update forces you to install messenger app in order to read your messages on Facebook. I didn't install it in the past for a couple reasons; 1 i don't have much phone memory for apps, 2 i rarely receive or send messages so find it pointless. Now I'm having to delete other apps that i use daily just so i can install and read one message from a long distance family member! BS!!!!!!! Starting to HATE Facebook!
Lags, freezes, and closes itself. Worked fine before the update. I liked the app more than the computer. Thanks for screwing it up.
It freezes.....Way to often! I find myself having to uninstall it a few times per month! :(
Coo
Resource hog and contact integration is sub-par quality
Can't even change a pic without everyone noticing ugh annoying
Why did you take away messages?  Just to eat up more memory and data? I cant download messenger.  So i have to use regular site.  Whats the point in having this app if ill already be on site? No good. Bring back my messages!
Facebook
My videos won't play
Facebook will only work when not connected to WiFi. I've deleted the app and re-installed it with no luck. Everything else on my phone works perfectly on my WiFi. I've used nearly 20 GB of data this month because of this issue.
Why does facebook need to know who im calling or need access to my phones mic?
Love facebook helps me keep in touch wit all my. Fam
Has no problems ... well it's kind of slow
I got blocked immediately, I would give it 5 stars if they wouldn't block any accounts
Social networking
Works great!
Very disapointed i had to download a special app jus to send a stupied message! Almost at my breaking point of getting rid of you!
If people want to have it set to most recent all the time let us have the option for it... maybe actually listen to the feedback of the users. We also need more control over who can see what we do on facebook, not EVERYTHING needs to be shared with EVERY person on my friends list. And why the hell am I being forced to download messenger to look at my messages? No app should force you to download another of their apps just to get into a function the original app already had....
Keeps closing won't even open needs fixed cuz this is ridiculous
Can't upload 1 picture, fix it.
Love being able to stay in touch with friends.
.
I don't know what kind of update was that, I can't even stay logged in for more than 3 minutes on Facebook before it shuts up or boots me out. If you fix this problem then i will rate this 5 star if not its just going to stay like this. And the same thing goes ti the messenger app :(
So asmoe
Works pretty good i dont know why they woulld take messaging into a whole new app but whatever
Y update a application with NO IMPROVEMENTS?! Again!!!!
Awesome!!
Why I have to get a different app to use the message. They should have left it together
I hate this new update where everyone has to use Facebook messanger 
Love it
I don't need this bullshit. Put messages back in the Facebook app. I'm uninstalling both. I'll use chrome.
Lol
Do Not like that I have to download another app to use a Facebook feature. Will not be using either app.
Horrible
Y are we being forced to get messenger?
The updated version does not let you get you get friends update notifications please fix
Trying to upload a video, and the facebook app keeps closing! Just horrible
Love it
This app is trash now without messenger. I'm uninstalling until it's added back.
Slow as molasses. Doesn't load anymore.
God Lisa
So fuckin awesome I can talk to my friends
I uninstalled after checking the list of permissions.   FB doesn't need access to everything on my phone!
Ya
Wish they would have to option for most recent. And that pages I follow would should. That suggested pages would go away.
Really starting to suck
Good but I hate how it's setup to change your feed to most recent. Down grading because you're going to make me download a separate app for messaging
The best
I do not want to be forced to add a seperate messenger. The app already takes up too much space and doesnt work properly. Why the hell would I add uet another crappy app???? CHANGE THIS CRAP FACEBOOK!!!!!
I'll just stop messaging. I don't need more stupid apps on my life! Take your Messenger app and shove it!
Working much better...
Why do i need to install Facebook Messenger now to receive and send messages now?! I'll rather use Kik than this garbage and my news feed doesn't even load at times

GREAT APP
This app sucks more and more!
It's simply Facebook
Love it!!!!!!!!
Amazing
I don't care to see who uploaded photos or who put up a new post. I only care about things directly related to me. No way to customize that I could find.
Because I loved I the first few months and then it started asking me to install messenger but I said no then it gave me no other choice but to install it then it slowed my phone down so plzz fix it
Luv it
Stop forcing people to install the messenger. I can not read my messages unless I install the app. I guess free will is not an option for people. You can not force people to use an app if they choose not to. It is unethical.
Friend
I shouldn't have to download another app to see my messages!  Takes up too much room for both apps!
It's kind of laggy, too hard to edit posts once you make them, I hate the Top Stories as the mandatory default, privacy settings are a joke, and just generally bad... Zuckerburg, we all know you have way more game than this.
Takes you way to much space
Since updating I cannot tag the people I used to tag.  It shows only a partial list of people....do not know how to fix it.  How do I tag others now?  Cannot tag my own husband or close friends! Help!
Hosea vann III Pastor
Esta chido
Forced to download apps for messaging and taking up way to much space, uninstalled using chrome is much easier
Good the new update its super cool to see the new one
Too many permissions- I might as well just sign over my whole phone to facebook...
who doesnt like facebook?!?!
I don't like that your forced to install messenger to view your messages ridiculous. Get rid of it!
Not interested in taking another 13mb of space to use something in conjunction with Facebook. This makes no sense.
This messenger situation is ridiculous.
It forces to install Messenger. Crappy Samsung phone can't manage all that RAM usage. Uninstalling now...
Where is the dislike button? Why take a perfectly good working app and split it into apps? Not a fan!
Amazing
Im 9
There are so many things I can't do with the app that I can do on a computer.. The problem that kills me the most is the jumping up during browsing through the news feed. It jumps all the way to the top! Smh. Makes me especially mad when I'm far down the feed. Please fix this issue.
I don't want to download the messenger app. It's useless. I don't find any reasons.
I can't open any messages now, and I don't have room for another app.
Lol <3
I DONT WANT TO USE YOUR DUMB EFFING MESSENGER! ITS A PIECE OF SCAT APP THAT SUCKS, BUT NOW IN ORDER TO STAY IN TOUCH WITH PEOPLE I HAVE TO USE IT. SCREW YOU FACEBOOK
I've been using FB on mobile a lot more than web. I know that Facebook won't read this, but to those who are, let me inform you about somethings. I remember using FB on mobile & people were complaining about how buggy it was, even when I never experianced it myself. However, every since the past couple of updates, my FB app is super buggy. My screen freezes & when I scroll my feed goes down rapidly even though I moved it gently. Can't open files, etc. This is too much and I've been patient, but I'm done.
I don't like forced updates.
I can't see my fb messages normally now cues when I go to do so I get an ad asking me to download FB messenger and it won't let me close it out. Facebook Messager slows and lags my phone causing it to shut off. FIX IT! I DON'T WANT FACEBOOK MESSAGER!
Freezes way to much after update.  Locks up so I can't do anything.
Well I don't need this app if messenger is needed to send messages. Maybe I'll just remove both and use my browser
With all the permissions they want and data they are collecting I'll find an alternative app for Facebook now.
Please make it so I don't have to get the all these apps it's stupid to make all these different apps just to do normal Facebook activities whether messaging or editing a page more please change
This app takes up too much memory, like wtf?!
The new messaging sucks
great app
New update slow and freezing up phone
This new update is garbage fix it please
Really? Android phone said Facebook had an update. So I read what it was updating. It said it was supposed to be faster.....well it ain't and it keeps freezing up! Now if I uninstall it will go back to the phones factory version which sucked to begin with.
Updated app and is still freezing occasionally... Running on moto x please fix
Update: Yet again, I've tried to download, but keep getting "Error code: 24." Even after the most recent update. The mobile browser seems to be failing as well. Please, fix.
BEST APP EVER MADE EVER IN HISTORY EVER
This update sucks. I can only see about half the photos, and my newsfeed only updates when it feels like it, not when I tell it to. Also, I want to view the most recent posts, not the ones you think are most worthy of my viewing.
So with the recent update, I am unable to view my messages. Need Messenger to read them? Sorry, but that app wastes too much of my phone's already crappy battery. Talk about annoying.
Really good to have
I don't want your stupid messenger app.
I don't like how you can't check your messages on the Facebook app anymore. You HAVE to download the messenger app now. It should be a choice, not mandatory. Fix for 5 stars. 
I am now forced to get another app called facebook Messenger, lagging, you people suck.
I don't want another app for messenging. What product manager thought that was a good idea? Yeah let's separate our users experience across two apps instead of a unified one.
That ad for the Facebook messenger app won't go away and I can't even see my messages.
I love you very very much

I hate the fact that i see very old posts and bearly see new ones and they need to allow us to be able to see our messages on the facebook app again, i hat  messenger
The app went from crap to even more crap forcing ppl to download messenger app if I could give 0 stars I would complete crap
It works good when it wonts to..
JAVA NO READ>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
I dont want Messenger yo....you guys keep tryin to invade my privacy and thats effed up dude....Facebook you are the man and i mean that in the worst way...Terrible
Owner is a communists and a bigot... I think he is half terrorist
First they make it more difficult to sort your posts by something obvious like time rather than something arbitrary like their algorithm, and now you can't use it to send messages. What the hell is the point of it anymore?
Hi
Since last update this app cannot play videos posted by users on Nexus 7 running 4.4.4 This is absurd and it has been this way for days. Fix it you code wizards!!!
I don't want to use the messanger app. Unless you change this I'm done with facebook
Book
Won't update properly.
A multi billion dollar company whose product just gets worst with every update.  The most recent update takes up obscene amounts of space. Runs too slow in app but don't have enough space on device for update so I run it in browser and it works like a charm! Just plain not worth it.
This new update is horrible....news feed won't load. My phone keeps freezing. Abd half of the time that I try and get to the google play store now...all that is therw is the blue square with a f in it!!!  Please fix the app!!!
Boom!
Why why WHY do you keep screwing with the layout? I hate that every update requires me to learn the app all over again. Stupid.
Cool , fun , can text with people I need too
Have to go to google play store to get facebook to work this sucks
M
Its a good app but like all the other apps it has it's issues! Specially on Android smartphones, but then again i do have a crappy service provider which is MetroPCS(piece of crap service)
...to force me to a secondary app just to respond to and send messages. All for corporate greed. Screw the users.
Good
I'm not downloading a second app to access my private messages.  Twitter and LinkedIn don't force their users to do that.  Neither should Facebook!
Because the new Facebook just keep old story's & statuses on my timeline
This is the only app I use.
Facebook app was fine all these years until now that you need a whole different app just to message ppl..
I do NOT want the messanger app so the fact I can't read my messages unless I have the app now is STUPID. FIX THIS.
It gets worse! Can't have messaged and fb in one app now
Awesome
I hate messenger! I will not get app! Thanks for making me unable to message!
Since yall wanna play this bullshit and remove messager from the actual app completely,  yall can eat a dick. I have some business I have to take care of In the next week or so then I'm deleting my account and both apps.
Good
Such a laggy app.
Kool
This app takes up way to much space on my phone and leaves way to much data. I have to clear it every other day.
Its really good it accually does what it says
It won't upload
Excelleent appp
I will not update this app anymore until the new app permissions are removed - especially the one that allows FB to read my texts. You don't need to!!!
Good
Thanks for trying to force that horrible messenger app on me.  Now I cant stay in contact with any friends.
Can not view videos. Shows a unknown error.
ji
Thanks 4 all..
Thanks
Amazing app
Make it faster
Sucks
Forces me to inatall messager please fix
Sk
What's really going on with Facebook just the  Android symbol on my phone continuously to foreclose ughhhh!!! please fix problem now!!!
I LIKE IT BUT I DON'T KNOW WHY ITS VERY LATE WHEN UPDATING ><PLEASE MAKE IT FAST AND MORE FASTER
This app takes up way to much space. I updated to this version from old one. Now i have to keep deleting it and reuploading it. Its frustrating. How can i get old one back??
This app is lagging a lot on my galaxy s3
ok
The 'Messages' tab is still visible. You can tap on it and see a list of recent conversations. Now... try tapping on one of those conversations. If Messenger actually launches, you'll be lucky. For me, though, it crashes and freezes my tablet.
I cant even download the upgrade wich apparently sucks anyway since it takes a lot of memory..eh.
The option to sort my news feed by most recent has been removed. And it is not even sorted by top stories. It's just a random assortment of posts within the last 2 days. I don't like finding out that it's "National (something) Day" the day after it was.  And now you're gonna separate messages from the main app? I hate messenger. It is pointless. Stop ruining this app, it already sucks enough. Also, still waiting on being able to reply to comments.
Making me install the Messenger app so I can read my messages is RIDICULOUS.  I can read messages just fine in the FB app.  I'll just delete the FB app and log in through my browser instead.
Messaging no longer working but still gives me push notifications that will not clear
Used to be able to see pages, listed under friends list, on mobile now pages only pop up in the newsfeed. **just updated  8.06.14** can't tag people in comments anymore
Why should I have to download another app for the messenger. I have the standard Facebook app for a reason. I should be able to do everything in that alone not have to get another app for the messenger. Facebook is going down hill
Rocks!!
Freezes way too much
010583518
ZeldaTucker
I guess I don't get to use fb for what it's intended for because I don't want to take up memory on my phone with your stupid messenger app!
How dare you force your user by stop messaging function in Facebook app? How dare you force your royalty people to move to your new f_cking resource-hog msg app?  No way!
Hate that we have to download facebook messenger in order to open our messages!!!!hate it hate it!!!
Forcing us to download a messenger app is bs.  I'm getting rid of your app.
Cant chat or send messages  if you are not in messenger.
WTF? I don't want to view most popular statuses from 3 weeks ago! PUT THE MOST RECENT FEED BACK! Stop trying to reinvent the wheel! While we are at it WHY the F*CK are you forcing me to download another app for messaging? You morons have NO CLUE what your users want!
Videos won't load, takes up a lot of data, and freezes when I scroll down my news feed that shows 1 month ago statuses it freezes due to videos being automatically started. the worst I've seen from this app.
Work it but really slow
Rate
I refuse to take up more memory on my phone to download a feature the Fb app already has. Boo on Fb message app.
vry gud app
Need to fix the fb messager i cant get to my messages now i do not want to download the app
The best
It's OK
Whenever I open this Facebook app phone started hanging! Lot of performance issues
U work with the government for data u have an update ever week and u low key try to get stuff form are phone and you have data save form all are Facebook
Taking messenger out of the app isnt a great upgrade put the messenger back it was better that way
Why have the app if I'm now forced to install messenger.
Social media
Keeps foreclosing everytime i click on the app please fix it please i am tired of using my browser.
The forcing of the new messenger is bullshit. You should really reconsider your position. I'll uninstall entirely before I use that app and I doubt I'm alone.
Killin my buzz. Always shutting down. Can't be on it for more than 5 minutes without out trippin
Due to problems I was havi ng with the app, I uninstalled it but for over a week now I have not been able to reinstall it. It will download but when it starts installing I keep getting a "-24" error code. Sprint can't help since it's an app problem.  I've had it!!!!! When are you going to fix this????? Now it's almost 2 weeks later and still can't install. 8/6/14 is this EVER going to be fixed????
I cant install it help me hated this version
F.BtI.G=?
Best one app for fb
It was a constant battery drain. I hardly even use the app, but it used the most resources and power. Once I uninstalled it, my battery lasts all day!
Awesome
It takes up soooo much space,
You guys are trash. The newsfeed doesn't show nearly as much as the old versions/desktop version. Bullshit ads that nobody cares about. Spam more than before. Keep it up and you guys will be joining myspace!
Pretty dumb to have an extra app just for messages when you should be able to see them from the regular app, and even dumber that I can't reply or even see my messages on the regular app. And I WILL NOT install the messenger app for the simple fact that this is VERY inconvenient!!!
Title
Seriously The Most HORRID APP I've ever experienced in my life!!! Continuously force closes, the comments & likes are intertwining, you check a message or notification & it'll take you right back to the very beginning of the news feed & SO MUCH MORE!!!  Horrid just HORRID!!!
Still crashes for no reason. Please just let 5 year olds update the app. I'm sure they can fix this and read the posts. Do us all a favor and just sell the company to China like everything else.
That good...
Keeps freezing on my Galaxy Note 3
Why force people to install such a crappy messenger app?????
God blessing
Got me heated.
It was better when the messages were just on the app and not have to download a seperate app for messages.
Can't live without Facebook. It has become part of life.
I click on resent and it only show a few of the recent posts, and the rest are old. This is worse than before.
Kinana abde
Facebook
Suddenly I cant log in or update the feeds on wifi and the messenger as well and even cant open fb on the chrome but everything is working well on 3g .....what has happened I donnu ...any help plz
Its good and easy to access.
Good aap
Is it really necessary for this app to take up over 33mb of space? It would be awesome to have room on my phone for a few other apps.
Please Make it so it can be moved to SD card to much of a memory hog
Better than ever
The new look is childish in appearance, and not user friendly. The message option is glitchy and the app cannot load my news feed. It just sits there, with the swirling indicator continually going around, but not displaying anything. I am not impressed with the update, but I was forced to do that or install Facebook messager, which I have used and not liked, so deleted that too.
best conector in da wrld
Wow ......amazing app....
I hate it bc its makes u use facebook messenger  and i dont like it.  Its hard for my 67 yr old mom to use
Its ok
Good application
Awesome
Not spte
Since new update NOTHING BUT PROBLEMS! News feed won't load no matter what I do so annoying. I removed a post several days ago now it shows on the top of my news feed every time I open facebook app and when it says I have new stories it goes right back to that post nothing new shows ever. Doesn't show new stories in my notification bar or when it does I click on it and it sends me to an error news feed...thinking about deleting until something is fixed!
Improve on bugs can be done.
It says you have to install messenger I don't want to install it please fix this
Consome mutos recursos do aparelho :(
Hopefully
I just wish the news feed would automatically show most recent instead of top posts. That's really annoying!
For fast service
Do not like all the access facebook required now
It always says facebook is not responding!
It won't stop 'updating' I dont like the fact that I have to download the Facebook messenger app. That app takes up too much space and it shouldn't have to be a requirement, it should be the individuals choice to make. News feed isn't showing the most recent post, those are further down the page after a lot of scrolling. Need to fix these issues.
I don't need two apps that should (and CAN) MANAGE AS ONE!
I love Facebook
I can't load my timeline or newsfeed!!!
Hello
Why would we HAVE to download the new messaging app? I don't like it. Please put it back into the normal Facebook app
All day my facebook app is not responding  what problem
Loved it!!!!!
Yyyaaaaaa
Cool way to stay in touch.
Seriously reliability sucks and is a big time background resource hog even if force stopped in settings it still finds a way to restart and bog down my device  Seriously Facebook just leave well enough alone   There is a saying   If it's not broken don't fix it  Just Google it Facebook
I am the last person in America who had never used Facebook, and I've been trying to sign up for 30 minutes unsuccessfully. It froze while setting up account, it sends text message confirmation numbers but closes the app when I check my text messages so I have to get a new confirmation number then closes the app when I try to check that, and then it has an error try again later. I think I was right to never use Facebook until now!
Kereeeeeen
Plz bring message bck to fb app.   Its so bad to swith betweenapp.  Coz still have manu people dont use fb message for the main chatting app
I found all my high school friends here. Great app!
It could have been better you dont force us to install your messenger app that only consumes a lot of my phone memory!..
Installed the latest version and it crashed when I first opened it.  Subpar design.
So improved app.
Excellent!
I use the Facebook app mostly to message but I refuse to use two apps for the same thing. Its a stupid move to force the user base to have to download another app that wants access to your contacts and other things. I'll be using Facebook messages off my phone browser now and not the second app.
Fun
ng'lex bgt
Valdez
Hi
Too much cpu usage... not good
I  had it downloaded and deleted it by mistake and now it wont re-download
Deducted stars for going back to multiple apps.      Previously:  They removed the separate app icons for messaging and photo sharing, which i had deducted stars for.  New improvements in the ui are nice as well
I am so tired of this app taking up 70% of the space my phone has...Learn to condense things!!! Not only that, but stop forcing updates. I can't stand updates because of space. No room for anything else.
Mahal kita
Don't want messenger
Amazing
Pretty slimy thing to do. I don't want messenger and should not be forced to download a separate app in order for this app to perform it's promised functions. Complete bull crap. Hopefully enough people stand up for their rights and you fix this bull crap. I will NOT download your messenger app.
The New updates are fantastic
Hold on I'm still loading
Doesn't connect reliably with 4G when every other application works fine. Forces me to reboot and quickly use before it locks up again. Seems to work fine with Wi-Fi.
Likely app
Can't play videos with most recent update
Needs a lot of upgrades....
Pertemanan
well its facebook origanal and suit get this app
All I get every time I try to install this app on my android phone is "package file invalid". Please do something!!
I have no further use. Uninstalled
Nice app
suuuuuuuuuuuuuuper ya.....
Excellent hai yaar ...
Awesome
The content could be easier to see. My like pages and friends are all messed and mixed. Sometimes I like a post from a friend that posted 3 hours ago and then I scroll down and see that the same friend has just posted minutes earlier. This is very confusing.
It was convenient that I could access my messages without actually having the messenger app. Now I'm being forced to dl it or I can't get my messages. Huge fail.
Flawless
Will not download yet another app... message app is a joke...
If the app wasn't large enough on its own, now you want me to install another app I'm going to use maybe twice a month to check my messages. I think not. Makes messages accessible through the fb app again.
Patta app
Fix it.  I want to be able to look at my messages in the regular app like normal.  Messanger kill space and ram and I find it useless!!  Fix this and stop forcing crap on people.
I don't want to have to look for it. It's what I want to see and not top stories.
My proplem was fixed. Thanks
Job!!!
I honestly hate that.
Bagus
Good
Just like many other people even my news feed doesn't load....come on facebook stop fooling around and work out the kinks
Very bad App :( f*** it
Selena loves Facebook
New version is very slow.Please fix this problem.
Cute Haha
I cant see what ppl send me unless i send something.. Basically I'm blind
Meet
It is very good app I like very much
This used to be so awesome. Now you have to download ANOTHER app for messenger?! No thanks. I like privacy. I'm deleting this app because it forces me to download another to see messages
I love it best thing
I hate FB.
Some time new version can't work and old version page will open please fix this problem
Hiii
Face books the devil.
Good app
Is good, I love!
Well im still trying to work this out but si far so good.
Love it
The app keeps closing on me. It's getting irritating. It's been happening all darn day, please fix this!
Don't like the new look
Deleting this. Facebook just keeps pushing and pushing. Well, I've always felt it was a waste of time in any case. So long assholes.
Keeps forcing closed and freezing up
But still can not access facebook from email.
Love it. Great wat to keep in touch
Today i find out the messenger need to we to use other app .....
No words its just perfect
Love it!
Fb on ur phone awesome

I agree with Noel Dascara...
Wishes
Great app!
Nice nice nice nice nice nice nice nice nice nice nice nice nice
What is this crap where you are forcing people to have messenger app as well?! This is bs. Stop forcing changes on us that we don't want.
I want most recent stories first!!. !Videos autoplay , even if i set it to "off" wtf.
FB
all time hit application :)
The app uses so much data and takes up so much room. Also the top story thing. Do not want to download messager app. Does not load news feed
Good..
Very good
Cant read my messages
Loy
this app was awesome before the update, but now whenever I open the app my phone's telling me I'm low on storage! This takes up too much memory !
Won't work...
Great
Lov communication share of in formation
I thought I'd let ya guys know how stupid I think it is that I have to download Facebook messager now just to see my messages. I think it should stay an option and not be forced.
The app now makes you download messenger to send unbox messages.
Fantastic
F**k you Mark Zuckerberg and your messenger app. The description of this app includes messaging friends, but I can't do that apparently anymore without downloading your f**king, gay a**, messenger app. I wanted one app for convenience, not two apps for wasting my f**king space and data on my phone. F**k you Mark Zuckerberg, F**k you very much. Fix it for 5.
Lovely ap
Nice Facebook
done
MAKES you download messenger. Will not shore you messages. Very bad move. Deleting soon.
Wish you would choke on a fat cock and die you little Andy Dick looking fag
They keep making this app worse and worse. Now you can't even message in the app anymore without downloaded an extremely invasive messaging app that I now have to go to to send any Facebook messages. I'm just deleting it all. Useless
Its Coo ig
I love seeing posts from last week in my news feed and the random refresh in the middle of reading something. Who does the testing on these "updates" before they're  released? I want their job because clearly they can suck at it and still have one.
Fb is the great app for evry thing
<3
Great social app
Good
Way the go forcing everyone to install "Messenger". You're just THE WORST.
Fun
Takes up so much space and memory. Then it freezes when you come by a video. Moves too slow. Stop trying to be like Instagram and create something new
So good
Why do people have to download messenger -.-?
If use Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 and Note 10.1. Can fb pls fix this thx.
Good
I do not want to install something else to get my messages.  What are you guys thinking.  This sucks
Ok
Facebook is awesome. Its my alws fav apps.thanks fb
This is th best I ever had
Fix the limit uploading photo .. And i give you 5stars..thanks..
Xl
bad
Hate it always have to login to fb
It could be faster.
Love facebook
Se on maalimaan paras viesti
I dont want use messenger app, so i wont use Facebook anymore.  Hello Google +
I'm still learning learning how to use the app. So far,so good.
This app no longer allows you to message your friends! It actually downgraded itself to force us to download their message app!? So they can shove adds in our faces for money?
Great
Very fast
4 ranger
Very bad version!!  It forced me 2 install Facebook messenger :-/ and I can't chat until installing messenger!!
I think its crazy that posts aren't I'm chronological order like they should be. It really takes away from the whole experience
Ok update but freezes a lot.
Up grade
But take lots of memory and ram space
Having the apps separate is crap.
The forcing of the new messenger is bullshit.
Will change rating when using the messaging in the app isn't forcing me to download the messager app If I can't ready messages and reply with out a secondary app for just that I will delete Facebook from my phone
Awesome
Wtf is the unknown of the video player??if you can not do this properly then let us play the videos in third party apps. Log from a web browser and i get more flexibility than the app..like sharing a video via messege
Video player still crashes
Update doesn't give you the option to sort your news feed!! Please fix!!!!
This app becoming bore and social media is pointless
Not bad app to me
I cant install it help me hated this version
Its killer
Work friendly
With home dead and messenger separate, why so many permissions?
Like the old version better
Haha jk I rate it 5 stars
For awhile. My feed always shows old posts from 3-4 days ago. Constantly having to switch to recent updates which aren't recent and after you scroll a certain amount of posts it just starts over and repeats everything you just viewed a couple times in a row. FB mobile has been lame for quite sometime.
It's really good
Superb app
Tra
This is crap. It locks, it stops, it keeps going to an error page and won't restart until you close fb and have to sign in again. DON'T INSTALL IT.
I really wish that messager would come back too the app. The app is already so big and now a separate app to download. I have no room on my phone for this crap
Thanks mark jukarburg
Some well
Uninstalling!! forcing me to download another app claiming that its "faster" ooor naaaaaah I was just fine with my regular facebook message no complaints. Just trying to get into my privacy
Fast and quick
Why can't I see my friends  "about" information on their profiles using the app, but  can just using the Internet?
Facebook is the one of that app u need on your phone
Rpido e fluido GNexus com Paranoid 4.5
Super cool
not goin to update the new version since all the review suck...WTF...Facebook...whats wrong with u...
Can play videos please fix
Being able to share to a private message via the mobile app would be a nice addition. Also, please allow "Most Resent" to be set as a default.
It's a great app,... many improvements when updated not like other apps
They took away the feature "messages" from this FB app and moved them to their horrible messenger app. So now you are forced to install another app on your device if you want to continue to veiw or send any messages.
Meh
Love
Hate you, give me back the default messager
I just un installed facebook. Its pretty retarted how I need 2 apps to msg my friends now. All I want is to get into facebook and thats it. Not have to go to messenger and bak to facebook and then bak to messenger. Ridiculous.
I'll never update this app if I have to install another to get my messages.
Amazing and fast
When i use my fb and open it doesnt work always exit please repair this
I like Facebook tomuch.
Ap
LOVE IT
E
I'm fed up with the app crashing every time I try to do something on it. Whoever works on this app needs to get fired and replaced. ASAP.
I fuccs with it!!
I really like your gogle store  bec. They response quickly. Hoping that you will continue your friendly helpful style. Congrats
I need to able to tag Facebook pages on my posts, iPhone users can do it. Also, I can't tag people on videos....
I hate it so much wtf I can't talk to people in private not everybody can download that app OMG!!!!!!!!!
Cool
Face book
Works great
Update is even worse I think...
Hate having to switch to recent posts, peoples about sections dont show up, errors uploading photos and sharing posts
I can't install it!
I avoided the app for some time finally gave in
Great app
Great app. Works well on my phone.
It's crashing all the time and won't load anything.
Stop adding new things! Fix the freaking in bugs first cause it always saids something went wrong and the page doesn't load!
There is so many updates.stop them
The only thing is ... is that its taking forever to load for me.
The new update sucks. Its an inconvenience to switch between apps to check messages. I will not 5 star till changed back
Love it lots
Nice.
It's now really now becoming different. I mean, now you get blocked because you liked family and friends pictures? And you can't make friends because you'll get blocked from using it? I mean come on. Ain't it supposed to be a network for family and friends? It's becoming increasingly difficult for everyone especially me since it's my only force of contact with friends and family. Guys need to fix it. It's not hard to do since you're the only big network around for things with families and friends. Messed up
After updating it...i just couldn't open it...it just tell me its not responding...takes a while to open or load
I usee this almost a year. Nice apps
Facebook
Free only
hihi successfully update
Love it
love it
I CANT MENTION MT FRIEND'S NAME IN A COMMENT(MY FRIEND'S NAME IS IN DIFFERENT WRITING)
Don't let me install, all time say insufficient storage available, but I have 11 gb free, and 2 gb free and SD card, so what happen with yours, this Facebook going really bad.
To slow
Cannot comment freely. . Very annoying
OK app
You can't even check your messages without downloading the messager app now. And I just want to get my messages when I choose to instead of getting them instantly.
On my phone.have reinstall eveymonth. Grrr
The app is way to slow and it will not hold a feed. Ill go to a page and it will jump back to beginning
Emaileen
Why are you forcing me to download the messenger app did I ask for it no I did not it's I reason I don't have it In the first place
Was all right
2 fye
Need more fum thinq$..
Decent...
BRING BACK MESSAGES!!!
Always get stuck.
butu
This app keeps freezing my phone & I've tried everything to fix it. I'm really just about to delete it, I'm tired of it just stopping randomly.
This app still does not work. I can't believe a billion dollar company can't make an appt to market what it is supposed to be doing. The screen freezes up. It goes white. You can upload photos or videos. And it consumes the battery like crazy. Uninstalling
Makeing us download the messenger app. Now facebook pulls data because of it there was nothing wrong with the system that was built in
La aplicasion se congela a cada rato en mi Samsung galaxy 3 debera arreglarlo
Super
I love Facebook, for staying in contact with my family and close real friends.
love love love...
Good!
I don't like that it says it needs access to your camera ,micro phone,etc thats an invasion of privacy
So now i HAVE to have messanger to view my messages? Thats not cool! Messanger always messes up on my tablet why should i have to get it? Such bs!!!!!!!!!
You guys are constantly striving to make the application better and it's starting to show alot of improvements since my last post BUT I prefer messaging through my inbox instead of having to download another application
iiiii
Nice App
Frank is a real nigga
Facebook is evil for the removal of native messenger.
Would you'll make something that will eat up the memory can you'll like fix that I have a gallexy  s 5 and I will like for you'll to fix it please and thanks please and thanks, ,,,,,,,,, oh and I still love the app but stop acting all fancy wit the stuff
Details here say that installed size is only 22mb, but on my device it's actually 89mb! I don't see a reason why this should have a big size for an app that do not have much features. Pls reduce the memory consumed.
Ok
Corrie S.
Love this app O:-)
Newsfeed sucks the Top Stories is plain useless i want to see what my friends are up to right now! And not a week ago!!  Removing the messages out of the app, makes this app pretty damn useless, Please give us the read messages back in the main app facebook is taking huge steps backwards! Not good at all this app is useless  So if you have not UPDATED do not do it, they will RUIN your experience with facebook!
Omg
This app is great, I'm able to access a lot of features with comfort however just one little problem is that you don't have as many options for settings on the app than as many as you have on the web. That's the only problem for but other than that I'm perfect with this app!
There are problems when downloading upldoaded files, downloads keep repeating when you go back to FB :| opening older posts are VERY LAGGY or causa the app to crash :| AND STILL NO MOST RECENT AS DEFAULT, outdated news feed :|
Its good app
Please make recent stories default
Can't access my liked pages and can't watch videos that my friends upload to the newsfeed.....more like a downgrade
The best.
:-D;-):-)
Well it's Facebook
Great!!!!!!!
This new fb update sucks I cant even watch videos
Ticks me off! REDUNDANT FB ANNNNND you're taking up more of my storage! PLUS the freakin thing doesn't work! AARGH!  Edited to Add- ever since I was forced to install Messenger, the rest of Facebook isn't working...freezes up, boots me out, slowwwwwww...on my third uninstall/reinstall...we'll see how it works after this. *sigh*
This app wants way to much information and it's slow as hell.I got rid of it. You now need two apps.don't need it I'll do all my Facebook on my computer. This app sucks
Brilliant app
Phone app
News feed is driving me crazy
not more differ than previous one. either speed or privacy...
Some things don't work like it transferring pictures from instagram. And when people post to my wall, those don't show up either. I always have to report problems.
since doing the update I can no longer tag people and half my friends list is missing including on my chat options!
Love
I don't like how you have to download messanger to chat with friends. Facebook already knows too much about me so I don't feel comfortable letting Facebook go through my contacts . There isnt much of a point of having facebook if you can't chat with others. Isn't  that the point of Facebook? To talk to others.I will not download messanger. Please change.
It gives lot of new expirince
Use to work fine. For three days everytime I try to use Facebook my screen just freezes up. Have to crash the app and try again. Wont let me scroll up or down. Does the same thing on my husband's phone too.
I hate because when I had it downloaded it would not let me log in and when I try to download it again it want let me?
Why so many updates? Just trying to make app as big as possible.
This is so awesome ,,, it is so easy to communicate with other people and to express your feelings .
U must have this app in your android..
Much better than the internet app of samsung!
Digg It.....
Las cosas que le cambian las dejan peor :(
Was great,  but hate Facebook messenger app, Facebook was great like it was
Pathetic
good
Simple use
No push notifications, and barely works, very slow - galaxy s
Whats good in this application is it helps us communicaye people we no longer see. Through facebook we could search their names and send a friend request.
Facebook is awesome. Love it.
Won't sync, share or update quick.
I don't want to download another app just so I can see my messages very unnecessary move u do it so ppl get there message faster maybe I don't want my message faster deleting this app
I love it
It made me erase all my contacts. Do not get it, it's a trap.
Takes to much memory.
Really easy 2 use!!! A lot better than what it was when I was last on Facebook.
They removed the ability to use the mailbox/chat and are *FORCING* you to download the messenger application.  Deleting this app immediately
faster
Great app only bad thing is it gets overwhelmed and doesnt load new posts.
Memory hog.
It's great
Gongratulations! Facebook just got worse!!! It crashes for no reason, It won't let you download certain things like ebooks from the CBD app sometimes, and It freezes alot. Not a happy camper. Please fix and I'll give 5 stars.
Jackie Ramirez
I love the facebook app. But Why the crap do we have to download Facebook messenger? I HATEEEEEEEE Facebook messenger. Its completely unnecessary and horrible that the company is now making us download it. But you know what ? I'll uninstall my Facebook updates JUST so I don't have to use the stupid messenger app.
Last update very bad :(
It was fine but then I have to download a different app for messages! It seems like a waste of space. Don't bother getting it just use the Web since it has both there.
It say the old status is new and all my friend online 1 minute ago.... Pls fix it for 5 stars
Since new update NOTHING BUT PROBLEMS! News feed won't load no matter what I do so annoying. I removed a post several days ago now it shows on the top of my news feed every time I open facebook app and when it says I have new stories it goes right back to that post nothing new shows ever. Doesn't show new stories in my notification bar or when it does I click on it and it sends me to an error news feed.
So. Good
Amazing
Why is this app trying to force me to download the messenger? I'd sooner just get rid of the app and access Facebook from my browser where I can look at my messages without agreeing to terms and conditions.
I've a space on ma phone but the app is still as slow as hell!!  Fix that.
Its better now..
Its alright
It's great! It's fast and easy to use!
Still can not see my news feed keeps saying error
I like it
The "turn off notifications" in a post is not working.
fb.photo
Everything was going ok until too many or coding decisions got put into effect. I only see posts from a handful of friends, only see posts from very few fan pages, and now they're forcing people to download a supplemental application for messaging. So I'm giving a poor rating because the code has gone to crap over the pay two years. I'll be uninstalling it as soon add I lose messaging and going back to the mobile browser.
Good
Nice app
Great app only if it stop asking game request
DON'T LIKE THE NEW FACEBOOK LOOK. CAN'T FIND THE PAGES I WANT ANYMORE. STOP CHANGING THE THINGS THAT WORK. change the things that don't work. WHY DO WE HAVE TO DOWNLOAD MESSENGER?  DON'T WANT TO TALK TO PEOPLE ON FACEBOOK WHEN I'M OFF FACEBOOK.
Won't let me open the app
All
Good
Make limit 100 to upload photos
I rate this app that I I hate this app I rated one star
Derp
Perfect
I hate the fact that you guys are forcing me to download messenger in order to message my freinds your app is already almost 100 mb you are just wasting our space. Until you let me message without havind to download the messenger app I will rate this 3 app stars
Still lags using SGS2, but at least it doesn't keep force closing now. Not yet, at least.
Iwant my Facebook back
Great
I like the older version of facebook, this one really suck! And this app eating so much memory
Still its too much disabled msgs i have to download messenger why the hell? Should i ?
Update after update.....but for what? Theres always some error! The mobile/tablet version is just rubbish !!
I dont like that some of the stuff you can do on a computer is left out of on the app.
Presly
New update sucks. The messenger crap needs to go. Whatever happened to the old Facebook.
Stops working randomly after using it. Now i cant even change my info such as job occupation and so forth. Why is it when something new comes out something else gets messed up?
Everything about it!!!
I like facebook, I don't have a but because it's actually brilliant!!!don't no why everyones saying it's bad because it's not!! Xxxxx
I dont now wats rong with ma fb i cnt get ma main accnt in fb whenever i try to downlod era era era wat could b da problem?
This update has "bug fixes" but for some reason requests access to my Google account as a new permission. So is it bug fixes or new "features"? Also WAY too many unnecessary permissions requested.
Shiet
This is one of the worst apps ever. With every update, it gets more dismal. If Facebook spent the same time and money on improving the user experience rather than spying and data mining, they would get somewhere. Oh well! One may dream.
It's alright, I guess...
good I give it 5stars...
I can't download any not a one video from fb , on my Android cell wats up wit that...... Am asking again please fix that ...... Thanku !!!!!!
Cannot install due to an 'error - 24' haven't been able to use the Facebook app for over a year
Great because interact with my Friends
Look at terms and conditions.... I took the app off
Fizaa. Tamam
Upgrade
i love Facebook
Good
Great
Its igh its igh
Omg facebook is sooo cool
Picture uploading very poor, News feed very bad. You should do something.
Good Social network.
amazimg to be on google
Nice nee d video chat
Bring the old fb back!
Please fix news feed. News feed is very slow. Other wise its well.
Hate that you took messages off of the app and expect me to download  Messenger and use up even more of my phone space.
Gud
Facebook
Its cool
Keeps freezing the whole phone. Can no longer upload photos  (Galaxy 2 w/ ICS)
This app is not working properly for me. I dont care if my adroid is the lowest version because the facebook team should consider catering all kinds of andoid. Better fix it
Facebook was my favorite app until the recent switch to messenger which had ultimately made the app useless. I had previously downloaded messenger to try it out and found it both irritating and inconvenient. This was an extremely poor change on Facebook's part and I am genuinely dissapointed.
pffff
It usually hangs all de tym and de next tin is force close
Thanks the new update works now. Was really frustrated the last 2 days having to use my default factory phone setting.
Ok
How difficult of a task is it to develop a consistent and reliable?  Maybe a certain company shouldn't have went public....
Guys  don't give FB 5 stars .
Cool features that will get you doing everything would give it 5 stars but massager want let me see messages
I love face book
Overall its good app and i will give 5 stars if it is more memory efficient we can't move it's data to external sd storage.......!!
Facebook
Perfect
Fix it!!!! Crashes a lot!
Love seeing old friends and pictures, catching up and keeping up with all my friend and family!
Fun,exploring and awesome way to meet new people
My main complaint is it use entirely too much space. What's up with that?
I cannot install it wtf
Very addictive
No problems at all.
Most recent feed...is it too much to ask!
Its fb
Impossible to be replace
After the last update it starts slower than before. It's not the best app, but it's ok.
The one app that is the soul for any smartphone
very good.
All as are great
Needs to be fixed. I see things from 2 weeks ago in " most recent " can't view messages on the app without downloading something else... nope.
Thanks alot for thise site.i feel happy to much..
There needs to be an about link when looking on other peoples timelines
I'm loving it.
Why move to messenger app
Hiiii
Salabdel.sia@gmail com2
nice& fast
What's Up with the messenger I don't want this option!!
The widget freezes all the time. Must delete and reapply. The widget is useless after the update on the GS5.  Now it freezes when scrolling. Junk
Can't update as saying I have insufficient storage even after I have done a clean up on my phone.   Don't get it.
Thanks for giving ur best efford to this app. Keep improving
It's so stupid how you have to have the messenger app to message people on face book REMOVED IT NOW IT'S SO STUPID!!!!!!!
Anyone else missing the newest 1st on homepage??? Bring it back!!! Then I will happily rate 5stars
I have been trying for a week to upload one picture. It will not upload. I will give more stars when I can share this one pic.
Keep on improving. Why cant we create a note with the mobile version?
Nice
I love it..
Nice
Must change !
Like it  . Fix : Speed and Organizations . To all There Groups .
God
Love it
Need birthday notifications please fix it and this app take up TOO MUCH MEMORY
Just when I was actually starting to like the facebook app they update it and make it suck again. I feel like they take 1 step forward and 5 steps back. They keep trying to stuff the "top stories" down our throats. I dont care about what happened 3 days ago. Bring back the option to view recent stories by default in the news feed.
I hate compromising my privacy to stay in touch with my friends! This app has access to all communications on your mobile device (texts, calls, emails, etc.) and can activate your cameras & microphone without your knowledge. "Facebook stalking" has taken on a whole new meaning.
:)
Awesome app love it I can connect with friends even make new ones
I used to love this up untill the recent update. It definitely suck. I don't want to use the messenger for texting my friends and this f*** app is forcing me to do. Messager is an up that is not worth it so for this reason I woul like to give 0 stars to this up. Fix it and the rate will go up. YOU DONT HAVE TO FORCE US WHAT TO USE!!!!
Its ok
I do not want to see "top stories" I want my most recent back! Why would you even take that off? I want to know what is going on NOW  not stuff that you think is more important.  I miss so much stuff going on with my friends and family because I never see it on my news feed! BRING BACK MOST RECENT!!!!!!
Cool
Why am I the last person to know what's going on, I mainly get posts that are hours old?!?...Please fix! Thank you =]
I wonder why people can't be satisfied with this app. 19M users and its rating is just 4.0. This app is cool and useful etc. sure it has also limitations but why can't people see its pros rather than its cons.
I dont get any notifications whatsoever anymore, its kinda annoying. Also, i dont see the need to remove the inbox feature from main facebook, i mean wtf, whats the point? Completely useless i believe. Sucks.
Facebook a a the best
Have to keep uninstalling app and reinstalling as app keeps freezing. The messenger app overrides it all the time. Bring back the original app without all the lousy updates
Better
Good but can be better
I no longer trust updates until I've read reviews on the new version... Too many updates break something that worked... If your version functions for you, my advice is keep it until the new one is vetted by others! Also 41mb resources used are you kidding
I want my texts, NOW!!
How do u get to page feeds ?
Force stop, i can't see my friends album, error loading!!! What is happening to my facebook it wont load!!!!!
Oh dear someone broke the app
Don't read my sms, Facebook. Why move chat to a separate app?
You can not search in groups, you also cannot check your messages in your others folder which is very important to me as a business owner. If fixed it would be a five start app
This is the most useful app in app store
Stole my phone contact data and is now suggesting I add those people I dont like as friends several times a day! Could anything be more annoying!?
Wow
I friggin hate it
Teruk
All good except the videos won't play at all please sort it out
Dick
Photos cant display directly.  They wait sometimes for 3 min on 3g
what the hell is this, evry time i open my fb my storage space runs out but i have a large capacity of ram and app storage. fb sucks in mobile
Awesome

Meh
I LOVE IT SO MUST BECAUSE I CAN CALL TO PEOPLE I KNOW VERY WELL
Good
Wonderful
I love my facebooking cause I can reach my friends & family ..so am happy with it..
Sorry but I will only give you 1 star because I can't download it. Why do I need to sign in my account if I do? EEEEEER.
Best ever
Samsung Galaxy y
Nice
Great app
I hate it it eats  up too much memory it make my phone slow even the enternet i only got two apps and i cant get no more apps only two it sucks fix up right away!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i love it
I can't open my fb album
I have to uninstall and reinstall this app because anytime I go to open it it blinks back out and no longer works for me.
Works thats all I can ask for.
Not bad  good
No problems with this app on this phone. So Far....
Meintain your personality
This app literally needs to know everything about you. Like give them your fricken credit card now. They also want to read your emails.
I love it! :)
Nice fb
Wadenasha  wadenqsha
I see and talk to family ad friends I haven't talked to in years lol it.
It was really great
So glad for it. Makes sharing pic and stuff with friends and family a lot easier.
It takes up too much storage... Should be movable to the SD card.. I will always say this but it Needds to be as fluid as ios man.. its better...but still sucks
Jose
I cannot see the most recent posts and why is it taking up so much memory, that isn't needed!!! :/ please sort it out then I will rate higher :(
Stupid
Terima  Kasih#
I cannot log in my account its automatic log out my account just few second ago please fix this issues
Great. I enjoy Facebook.
Facebook is on the right track. But still lacks a lot of options compared to desktop version.
Its allright going gud
Ok
Can't sew my notifications
sd card
its good
It's much better then before, but still has issues. It's slower than the ios version and why is the most recent moved under settings?? Plz change it back
Love this app!
Its slow takes forever to upload photos and videos and im friends with ksiolajidebt no lie
I give Facebook 5 star rating, because excellent for my life :)

Jessica
Bloody hate this new Facebook app. It jumps page all the time. Sometimes it let's you like and share posts and sometimes it doesn't. It never posts thing in a order you scroll down and the next thing it's jumped and your on something different.  Seriously considering uninstalling it.
As of the latest update, I can no longer open the application past the facebook logo without it force closing. Very Disappointed.
Ms sohel
This new update totally screwed up my phone. The app keeps freezing or jumping me to a different page. I really wish I hadn't updated it
I want to see most recent feed not most popular.   Even when I select Most Recent it still shows in a non time sorted order.
Love
Nice
Its not the best but its okay
Well I mean c'mon who doesn't have a Facebook account
I like fb bcuase its a good socail
Always opens in extremely old posts but never loads it all the way. Opens but says error loading. Slower than molasses in January but it could just be my phone.
Good apps
Can't even get passed the login stage as it keeps saying I've not logged in at all. Fix it pronto!
The tagging friends function is not working once updating to newest version.
Not a bad app but Facebook is just getting boring! G+ is the new king of the social networks
Video's are not playing app is closing when ever i click on video's, I am logging in to browser to watch videos, then what's the point of having app
Fnd
Just keep it up..
great
Keeps crashing, I have to keep closing and opening it.
Take me in,,
Great on Android
Computer is better... but it is okay
Can't use messaging, see recent news feed by default and it's slow as treacle. Uninstalling for good.
Its better than it was before
good but slow loading of videos
What's with the new feeds system!  It sucks
Ok
I love this app it is my faverit
Needs a bit more improvement when viewing pics
Facebook is freezing up and being slow wont load have to exit and restart phone please fix!!!!   And to add its worse since I updated the app. Please fix these problems cause its messing up my phone
Can't sign in anymore, says no internet connection and I've got plenty
I can't where I change the news feed from top stories to most recent
It's always freezing on me it's so annoying sometimes I have to close it and use the browser website which actually works better. Please fix this.
Its ok no bad
But sometimes difficult to respond
Like to use Facebook
Sekemi
Hee
the worst application ever.. always stop and not working
Nice app !! bt i cant open my chat jst beacuse once i installed my messenger -_- and then uninstalled it . I hope after update i dont hve this prb again ....
Gooood
Its great
5 or 7 last update what? In sector " what is new" same text , every update about 20 mb for what? Nothing changes ... wtf .... i love to be a 0 star or -5 to rate this app....

Excellent....
Love it
I like it, helps me keep in touch with my family on my phone.
Facebook
My opinion
I would give a five if Facebook gave an update that made it work right instead of destroying it with each update you give.
Every time I want to comment with a picture, it doesn't appear on the comment section, it's annoying!
Very good
All they have to so is put ALL of my friend's and family's posts in the MOST RECENT order. There, I did your job for you, Facebook.
Quite heavy, doesn't follow Android design guidelines. Not as fluid as apps like 9gag.
turn up
Cool
Facebook
Boring
Very useful to me..i use to communicate with my husband unlimited everyday..
aaaaaaala
I love Facebook
tiap update pasti eror
Good except not able to upload vids for some.reason..HTC desire
good
Facebook
I logged out of my Facebook. And now it won't let me log back in. Every time I go to enter my password it only let's me type in one letter and then it's stops..... what is the issue? It's not my phone or the phone keyboard!!! I have a Galaxy Note 3
:'(
Really wish the updated version didn't require so much operating space. It doesn't seem like the app got much better to require the extra space.
Every time I update facebook I'm waiting to see them add "recent feeds" to the timeline instead of top stories.. I don't want to see people's feeds from 2 weeks ago. This needs to be fixed ASAP.
Works like crap on the EVO LTE!  Doesn't update, won't load pics, works horrible on WiFi.  After updates, didn't get better!
This is a nice apps , it takes least data
Good
5 Star
The best
Worldwide fun
After the update I couldn't see my news feed .I sent in a lot of reports but they never seemed to work.
Amazing
Update new version so people can change their names that they had when they were lil cause we all have stupid names and we cant change it anymore
Facebook
Thanks
Claudia Becerra
I like the facebook app
Niceeee...
It just keeps saying Facebook is not responding.. fix this and the fact it loads so slow and i would give it 5 stars.
Very good h                                                       biggest services                                                             nice job by fb family
Will not let me install on note 3 after new update I keep getting an error when installing app. Please fix or help
Good for chat
I'd prefer the desktop experience rather.
Excellent
I want when I post something to pick who I want. Not just friends or public!!
Excellent
cannot bring a better fb for android other dan dis app.... smooth n stable.... works extraordinary with 3G
If I wanted peoole to see every photo or video in my phone I would upload it. Whom I talk to isn't anyones business. **Guys read what you are agreeing to before you download this.
please add a 'dislike' feature for comments. I often click 'like' for statuses or comments just for people to acknowledge that i read them, while it doesnt necessarily mean that i like the statuses/comments. People can have negative views and it would be great to share that aspect as quick as how we are able to 'like' something with one click. (Disliking a status that says: "I hate school"
Good luck with Facebook taking photos of friends
I love it exsept for on thing it takes way to long to download the app.
Nice
Why has my about page on my timeline gone,can't access my information or like pages!!!!!Please can you help?!!!!
Bring messages back on this app. Removing it reduced my rating.
The fact that this app uses a lot of ram even when closed bugs me. I understand that having push notifications eats up some ram but come on Facebook!
OK terbaik
When I installed the update for Facebook on my phone it was slow to open and news feed is out of wack. Please fix the news feed to show the most recent posts.
#khan.sms1@Facebook. Com
Hey Facebook. Well ever since the update I can NOT change my profile information . I'm very upset Facebook. Please fix this soon. Everything else is great. The best thing would be having emoji's in the write a comment box just like messenger.
I like facebook I can talk to all my family an friends
Overall horrible job
When I click on notifications it doesn't do anything
Nice
I want to put two things. For example I want to put emotions and what I'm watching
When we continuously update comments of a same post, this version lags..... It's un-understandable that why you guys cannot make a good version!!!!!! A big shame on your programmers....
App
:-) cool
Love it
icantbreathe
Never had any problems with this , the only thing that bothered me is the notifications going off every few seconds.  But that's obviously fixed by going into settings.  So been very happy with fb app.
His is a great way to connect with family and friends who live far far away
Excellent
Keep it going been on FB a long time now...I have my reasons...enjoy all get what you wish...hit or miss
Fix news feed. .i would like to see most recent. .not top stories..or give me the option again
Lapor2 cha
:-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) zzz.
takes up wayyy to much memory. have to delete it every time I want to update something else..
Good
Es rapida y me ayuda a estar al contacto con mis amigos
Very good app, easy access gives u no problems at all
While uploading a photo it is taking all the photos from gallery. It should take file by file.
Pls more updates.
Not able to download videos....previous version was good. Please fix it
I hate the new app
Love it can't get enough of it.
And I'm addicted to Facebook and have a problem with attention seeking behavior.
Good
Like keeping up with my friends and family.  My school mates.  Fort Zumwalt  the year 1977.
Even better
Actully my fb video cnt b played by .on my cell i used Qa9
File to far to big!! I had to take it of my phone and upload it again as it wasn't updateing itself. Now I can not download it!! Sort it out!!!
Went to get a phone issue worked on at store and agent updated all the apps I hadn't updated (for good reason) without my permission - FB being one of them. Also didn't accept some of the permissions that FB was asking for. The version I had was tolerable but from experience knew it could be much worse. I was right! So bad I haven't used it on my phone since then!
It good until it crashes on me lots of times
Super
Asome
good
Why I can't play video when I play the screen replay play back error. Please help me what can I do.
I need to open my account
I am loving using Facebook on regular basis but since 3-4 data consumption is more on Facebook kindly sort out this issue even I cannot upload photos by phone and even after keeping on restriction mode data usage is more please sort out soon
I like facebook logo
i'll give app 5 stars when i hide my mutual friends list
Since I updated facebook I can no longer watch posted videos. Before I updated it was fine. Please fix the problem
Manju
Hai even you can get news oh everything    Oh it so nice .thanks plus android I love it but I need to see those  video thanks. Its not like before please okay
Nice apps
Need video 
"Insufficient storage available"? Don't think so somehow! Can't update to latest... Don't want 'top' stories as the default. Hard to unsubscribe from things & set custom privacy. Messaging is fickle!
I am loving it...
Ever since the recent update, I have to foece close it 3 to 5 times daily!
Marvellous
Faltu....
Don't download waste of time
Why do you keep sending me a gazillion messages???
Best ever
It doesnt give me the recent newsfeed that I want to see, it give as me the news feed from like 5 hours ago. Please fix.
installing
Good
Non stop fun
Stop changing stuff!!!!!
I keep getting a message that Facebook has stopped running but it continues to run. This message pops up every minute or so and is very annoying
Too many friend sugestions....
It's fkbok app
Works great
Love face book
Excellent
Excellent I enjoy for this service
Please recommend best video downloader to download facebook videos
Fe
THIS IS NO1 APP IN THE WORLD
i like it
Best
Hates it aloooooooooooot so many crashes
It is what it is. Kewl enough
its fast
Love it
Wish it wasn't so small and keep stopping
Schools
Il vaut mieux maintenant que je suis sur Kitkat OS, je n'ai pas rencontrer de problmes avec Facebook pour Android avec ce systme d'exploitation, Merci  Dieu pour cela. Rgles Android
Love this app.
I am only downloading this to access my Instagram because your password reset info for it sucks
Facebook
Want of time
Its a really good app i luv it
90
Good Feature's but their Is some obstacles.. Error occur news feed loading time. So this I give 4 star..
Hmm...
;)
Fine aap
I really enjoy using Facebook it gives me chance to commonicate with my friends around the house x
Its fast
Ys good hahahaha
Itsuckedballs
Girlie t w
Superb
Need to speed up a bit more.
Great
Not at all user friendly
Awesome communication source ever
Thank you.
Love the app, but if you could allow storage on SD card that would be fantastic. This app takes almost all the space on my internal memory.
Life is game
Nexus 5 random gps battery drain bug. Gps stays on forever until reboot phone. Most recent feed requires an additional 4 steps to get to, please make it default like in the old version.
I didn't say that. Lol. But I do get on it everyday :)
Hang out with friends without leaving confert of home
Why is it that all of a sudden I can't share anything on a page I manage? This makes life so much harder than it needs to be. Please add the option to share to a page I manage back to the app.
>:(
Great
Very good app excellent app for ever very very ver very very very good app on this world to using facebook
good
Good
Very nice...
I want speed update.its never.but i like it.....
:)
App redesign is completely nonsensical. The fact that it's been deliberately made impossible to display the newsfeed by "most recent" (by default), as opposed to the useless foundation that is "top posts" makes this app a complete, utter frustration and overall misery to use. It seems common sense went down the toilet along with ethics over at facebook HQ. This is a farce mockery of end-user software.
Yay
Gongratulations! Facebook just got worse!!! Please fix and I'll give 5 stars.
Look n feel has improved!
It's one of the best
It's doing ok...just things are doing better finally.
improvements needed to the app
Pls let us b able to upload more photos
It's better to operating on my reach RD330.
Facebook
But sometimes when I'm scrolling down it goes all the way back up to the top on the news feed
Very good
Keeps forcing close
The update is more stable and feature'ize however it lacks efficiency and optimization of application size. You should work on that in the next update, hopefully.
Nice      for   handlingg..
Happy
Love it
Video keeps stopping
cool app....
Its more fun..
Excellent app
Software
Consumes almost 35 mb is too much in mobile. Unintedly goin to 1 st post have scroll down again irritating..
Why does it take so much space?
Where did they all go?
Facebook free cal and ID
What happening in new verson ?????? I cant use it. Return old verson plzzzz
Nice
Darg
I wish it would post my location when I post a status.
I like fb
For some reason when i go to my profile where the pictures of your friends are theres only one picture of one friend in that little box but once i click it.I can see all my friends.ever since i got this update. WHAT IS HAPPENING?!!!
It take more time to upload photo from my album. Finding from much all of my photos
I don't think it's all gravy, it can be a lot better, and quicker with loading.
Works great love it:-)
Supar
Keeps freezing not allowing me to see messages or like or post status .. Slow too
I can talk to everyone who is my friend
ngammm
This app is working absolutely fine on my phone
Very slow picture loading
Good and vry nice
Tylko po co ten messenger !?
Bavar
Super like
Awesome
Luv it
I think Facebook is the best social networking site out there. Everything is really organized and has many benefits on the app. Everything you can do on the website you can also do on the app. Some features are left out but hey, what can you do?
This app is the best, realy it's amazin :) ;)
I love it
Updates for no reason
Nicely works.. Difficult to see notification but good apps for chatting.
This app has the permissions to read your text messages, make phone calls, write the call log, and much more about your device than just letting you access Facebook contact profiles. Worst of all there is no use of the android contact APIs so if you chose to leave Facebook you can't take your friend's contact info with you.
Excellent...
It's OK
Waw ma fi metllo
Good
Blah blah blah
I can't read or respond to messages with out downloading messenger!!!!
Pp 9 th g nm bv c v very I I voted y
Loved it
From this new update facebook app is crashing on my cell. Kindly correct this problem soon. Kindly include contact list of facebook friends whom number are visible. Also include sync for android 2.3 that we easily sync our comtacts with facebook and cell phone.
Love it
Plz reduce its sizeeeee.    ...
The recent update is great. Working faster than before and much smoother
no problem, any limitations are only due to a mobile phone platform
Ok
Sometimes comes session expired.please fix it.will try to give u 5 stars
Its forcing me to download their new app "messenger" or I can't have access to my messages anymore.
I was really hoping for an upgrade in which when I want to share or upload or send an image, I get an organised view of my gallery in folders and all, just the way it is. But this stupid app opens up all images and it takes forever to find the one I'm looking for not to mention it takes forever to view the thumbnails of those images!!! Please fix this. I want organised view of my gallery when I open it, just like in my browser.
I like the app. But an auto sign in feature when I open it would be great, since I don't like to leave the app logged in for long periods. An auto sign in like that of the Google Plus app would be awesome.
Awsum
Excellent
Keeps making put my password all the time! Didn't do that before!
I lv you all
Shyam. Mishra
Informasi yang tepat dan cepat
Poor
Cool
Horrible update! Had no problems until I downloaded latest update! Please fix!
It's good and fast,but why now it's not here on my gadgets
Hmmm
Y
Very nice ..
It sucks man..its too slow n it keeps telling me that it can't load my newsfeed
Hayat ebrahim
Used large memory on my device please fix this problem immediately.
Dont get enough information and events update.
Phone Automatically updated, cannot connect. Uninstalled and reinstalled no luck.
I love facebook
Its forcing me to download the Facebook messengers. So that I will be able to see my messages and reply to them. I don't want to download and extra app just to see my messages. I am very disappointed.
The more updates the better it's getting. Its usable at least, now.
I really love this app 'cause it helps to stay I'm touch with the world visually all the time.......
plz make the app better
Nothing to complain about here with my galaxy s5! Great app now.
new feed needs to be fixed asap it doesn't load new feeds it load feed from an hour ago to 1 or 2 days ago
Facebook
I haven't updated fb cuz of the new look. Bring it back in the next update with the default of most recent stories. Please listen to us.
Update :NOT HAPPY ABOUT MESSENGER REMOVAL! I don't want another FB app that is being FORCED ON USERS, and wow on the PERMISSIONS!  Not nearly as bad as it once was, new UI looks like a G+ rip off. At least it's Holo rules and seems like a Android app now.
It offer a chance to keep me online everytime
I hate that you guys are making us download an extra app for messages, as is the rest of the world... and the most recent update sucks! Now it crashes within 5 seconds of opening the app. I'm about to just delete the app and my Facebook all together.
Yet another reason for people to stay indoors and not actually meet anyone they don't work or go to school with. Man how the world has changed for the worst.
Y man
verry verry good
I love Facebook and Instagram. Both very good apps
Best app
Aloo
I have been trying to download this app and it will not let me at all. Been trying for days. Why can't I?
PlzZZZ FIX the bugs...when I installed it they show me new bug....its shows error 404....
Awesom
Roofs
Good
Love it .
Many of the people/pages I follow NEVER show up in my timeline or appear in my notifications
Love
I have been used this for a long time so it was a great you can use it without having problems
Nice Improvement...!!
Very poor
we are not able to see how much our friends are, and can't copy a posted text!
Not happy at all, this is taking too much space
There is a problem when I want to mention people in the comments and this person is not my friend can not be mentioned
Awesome
Bad bad
Nice and stable
Always fcs. Can't send messages
You 're # one..
New error
So I still can't sort my timeline by most recent stories, nor can I see messages in other folders. I've gotten used to the clumsy presentation of the app but the most basic of elements is still missing
5 days from now i cant open my facebook it says unsufficient storage not enough memory.then i delete some of my application then till now not yet open.tnx & Godbless!!
Sumanmichael198@gmail. Com
So good
Not bad
Tried. N true
I hate itttt ...
I like. Good stuff. No negativity.
Very good
Is the best ever and this apps help us to be with our friend
But this app is taking more memory...so 4 star's
Facebook trapped in a Bubble
But, current posts are missing,nd older posts even of 7days ago r shown which is irritating.
Is note letting me post photos wtf...Am hating this....is so stressful
It automatically connecting to another browser
Plz fix bug
Nic
I love it
Great
Awsome
Venkatesh s yadav
You keep updating to much and not a big change if you guy make this for just a marketing approach so people is more likely to open their facebook on computer to see ads than open on android then it doesn't work.
The notifications after late i get them in my other cellphone before on the app
this sucks
Niice
keeps you in touch with everyone
Bbl xaa hai lauta
The app has come a long way.
Siip
Hope this latest update works better this time.  I'm getting tired of seeing " Facebook is not responding"
Awesome...
Why sometimes we can't find Facebook in play store? Ith8
I like but hate that I have to change it back to most recent all the time
Loved it
Facebook
Eats up so much memory on my phone its ridiculous! Makes it impossible for me to have any other apps installed on my phone. That and it crashes constantly. Horrible.
Best gila pkay fb nhe ...
Love it..
Please add text copy paste feature....
Nice features added this time ... If it work then it is going to be perfect soon  Add some more options
Log
Look. Good
Fb is very sloow
Great app great work on s3
Thanks
Good
Ok
It consumes more space
Wow do they ever expect so much from their users these days. They.want permission for everything including your Microphone!  Seriously,  that's ridiculous. Idk...  install if you want to keep in touch and don't care about your privacy
I really this facebook updated and i should rec u this
On att galaxy note2 crashes or freezes over and over after 4.4.2 update did a reinstall and the same thing happens please fix
Love
Facebook
Dev
while I m downloading there is saying error pblm again and again , plz solve this pblm ,sharp .
Happy
Very good! !!
Change my photo with my countery flaug for few day by 1st september  again change back thx
But its starting to crash an force close all the time
Gal
Its assem
Does not track users scrolls very well. Very often it loses the scroll progress when there is a new status updates.
The app is slowly improving.
Can you guys please fix the news feed!!!!I don't want to see post from 2-3 days ago when I log in in very annoying!!! 3 stars until then!
DELETE ALL ALBUM
Facebook is great
No.1
Shhhh it's online
This app has gotten better since 2011, still needs improvement
Fb
Nandlalsoni
Thank you for your work!
mushtaq
Niceee
Very good
Facebook
Best working
Gee
*********
When ever I am looking at my TL it takes way too long for pics and videos to download and its annoying.
I get an error message, when trying to download,  unable to install facebook app. Error 24
Good stuff
Whats there too say??? :v :v
Everything
Addicted!

Best
News feed sucks!!! I need to c most recent not something that happened three days ago!! Please fix!!!
Still inferior to the iOS version.
It is really difficult to delete history and account as well as it is not secure furthermore it is not trustable......
unlimited information
Abagym godvarikhani india
I can't finish any videos on facebook! It always same "some error blah blah blah" What happen!!!!? Please fix this issue!!
Said no one ever
Nice

nice
Ap
It rocks
Idk what's going on but it doesn't load right its making my phone run slow and it won't let me add new photos from the phone and the privacy settings suck I'm ready to uninstall and not look bk uuh
Bangladesh situation
Note 3. Great now.
Khatra
This new Facebook going really bad, when I press for going out of the app, nothing happen, so I need uninstall, and when I reinstall I can't.  In galaxy note3. Bad really bad app.
Much better!
Really get to connect wit friends
Close mate goes far,
The best social media out there
New feeds !!!!!!!!!! why till nw, no clear easy option for recent and most popular stories!!!!  do your app a favor :@
Sahi app he bhailog
good
I cnt friend someone bc of the new policy please change
Supper
Perfect
I have had facebook for years i would not change
news feed Doesn't even load on 3g.....?fb is waste of time in that also so late not working what an app it is..this app Doesn't even get 1star if there an option... F____f
Facebook
Moto
Thia app sucks there is  memory in my phone then also it show not enough memory when i update it.Please fix it.
Pics still won't load half the time... Very irritating...
Since the new version it takes 10 secs to load (start screen) everytime! Why?
Its very much good
It does not work with my home wifi.
I love it but sometime its getting slow please fix this problem
I want to be able to turn off notifications after I comment on a post.   I don't need to be notified every time someone posts after I do. I can do it on a laptop and ipad...ridiculous not to be able to do it here.
But needs more speed
The app can't even be used after the last update. It only keeps restarting every time I try to use it, please fix it!!
its good
It is what it is.
Firme
Nice
Good
Good verey nice
Stop changing crap
OK FACEBOOK I'M NOT GOING TO DOWNLOAD FACEBOOK MESSENGER BY FORCE OK SO STOP!!!!
You gotta love Facebook :D
Get emotion like feeling feature please
What happened? After up dated i cannot open up photos from my albums!
Lovely 67
Nice app
The app used to be not laggy with news feed and chat, now it lags so much that there has to be another app for better chat performance... Why not just try and fix the main app?
Old post show all the time. Days and hours before new posts. Now everyones statuses and all my notifications say just now.
Can't post what I'm listening to?
It helps people to meet each other in all over the worled.
Needs improvement!!! To many problems same as what all the others are saying about it is happening to mine also please fix this!!!!
The app can't even be used after the last update. It only restarts every time I try to use it, please fix it!!
Very poor . Memory consuming
Awsome
V
It's like a book but with faces instead of pages.
Good
Very nice
Hot
Tarn off notficetin problom
I don't understand how a company with the software engineering talent that Facebook has can possibly produce an app with this many problems.
I
This app is helpful to those people who are in another country
Keep it up well done brother
WORLD WIDE SOCIAL NETWORKING APP EVER
Needs Places update
Nicee fb....
Diferente
This recent update has made my app very slow.
Great app!Great way to connect with friends & family
Rk
Jay dwarkesh
Hell it hangs like a Saddam Hussain too often
For an older version
Hacks my pics
why my phone can't use Facebook my phone send from Taiwan
Gr
Love it
EXCELLENT APP!!
My rate
I loved Facebook ,its so entertaining
Bravo FB and thanks for the option to save photos (finally!). Still lacks the ability to download pictures in High Resolution (3 Mega Pixels) Sony Xperia Z1 / Android 4.4.2
Nice
Nice
u guys hv disabled downloading videos frm facebook.. crap update u guys hv done.. fit for nothing app thi is
Wast
This had never worked so uninstalled it is!!!!!
In my old phone it drains more RAM so I can't use it. But now I can use because of my new moto G
TERRIBLE!
It's Aswom
Like it
It can't update face book for my s 7562.
I have no worries about the install size...problem is this app consumes too much memory!  Slows down my device so much my device lags when running the app and even when I exit the app it  still runs in the background consuming precious memory that should be used by other apps...I even needed to force close the app but it will run again in the background after a while... please fix...I really liked this app back then.
Ok
Exland ap verry nice   i use this apps
I want it's older look because when I am chatting I can't see my other friends messages coming plz change its look. Also many time it hangs in my phone and makes my phone slow plz fix this I will give 5 stars
I love fb
Awesome
Awesome
Very nice app.
Mmmm
Started hating facebook since last update. Not giving more than 1 star untill most recent is back. How you people came to know what we want to see??? Does this come in your dreams!!!
Love u fb
lllllllll
This new look  has bugs and is more inconvinient
Rk
After changing my phone it works good. But the app is too heavy for the mid range android pH those has 512 mb ram.
Mark, this is suck!!!
Good
World's Best Network
not stop
It takes so much memory!!!!          Plz fix it!!
A jannat
Kindly add reply option on comments on public pages as in ios version
So good and fast !! works better on android 
Taking way too much ram memory
Gud ... but slooooooo...
It's a great application to use
cant complain
Cutegirl
Everytime I update it becomes slow takes along time
I did not get the new look
Its usefull
After the update right now, why does my facebook app restart always when going to any photo albums? why is that happening? please answer.
very gd app
Perfection zerbiw
Stay in touch with family and friends
Good
Working much better now please improve speed otherwise working good
Today a part of life
Good
update.....
919
The latest one app in use
Excellent!
Because you can play and share and massage
Love

Always logout if my page hung
Its nice
Very good
..Move App to SDcard, please. Motorola Droid RAZR Maxx
<3<3<3
No notifications on my Samsung s4 or Lg g3! So I have to open the app & allow it to update before I know if I have any notifications.
simply using
When it finishes downloading it says there was  an error. :(
tooo fantastic
Liked
Friend forever
Fantastic
Sick of eating my storage and memory about to give up on FB
Never can get on fb it's slow always freezing all the time ugh!
Right now the app is not working right. Can't get newsfeed, tells me unexpected error. And can't see comments on posts. If I go to Google chrome, I get facebook just fine. Ok, so now, I can't tag some of my friends, but some I can. This app just keeps getting worse and worse. What is going on???
Protest against israel and stop to use fb and whatsapp
very nice app easy to handle and smart feature + fast speed
Poor quality
Excelent
GREAT
Alpesh
b aba7765@gemailcom.
My notifications no longer appear and I constantly receive connection errors even when in 4G or wireless areas. Kind of a useless program anymore. **Photos no longer load.
I love face book
Love that app everything is working
Could be better, but could be worse too. Would be nice to see messages in the other folder as well.
Mirza
Supeer
Super enjoyed it
So good service...
Where has the Get Notifications option gone for each friend?? Now I can't control which ones I get :-( I just wish (along with pretty much everyone else) that the news feed was most recent by default, or I could at least choose like before. I hate having to find the most recent option, so 4 stars only until the developers listen to their customers. Just because it's a free app, don't think you don't have too! We can always go use the mobile site instead :-/
Fb
Bakqas
At this time poor
Great app on Android
I like this
Love it easy and very good to use
I like it
About. Facebook. By is a bast
Every thing iz good only most recent feeds problem how to show most recent feed? Fix this problem
Good job
Please fix the lag. The graphical user interface is good but my phone hangs when I use it about an hour.
Amazing app ... Connecting world
This app makes my Facebook experience more reliable and better..
Super easy fun emotes
Excellent...app nice improvment...
Try it
its compleatly useless tryna use it i cant under stand why i cant see just now post unstead of two post form 2012 can u fix it
Good application
Takes too much RAM
Cool apps
Better
Super
Great app
Good timepass
Crashes whenever it receives messages.  Please fix
Why does Facebook for android need so much access to my stuff. Now *seriously* invading my privacy! Would delete if I didn't need to keep in touch with friends and family. Would prefer to give ZERO stars but that's not an option. Have now deleted app and will rely on web version.
Is amazing apps
N
I'm addicted
Awsm app it takes not so tym to upload any pic nd ny status
Ok ok
Its not working on my phone anymore and can u please fix please i need facebook
I like this application
Saves my time
I like you
Nice app liked It
Old one was much better
Masa
12345
Keeps force closing
Amazing, exceptional. Never had problem with any update.
Experinced best veiw best than older version ..this version is good with nice improvements.....
Its exiting....
i hate it !! too slow and bug !!
Excelent
Very bad app
Just updated it and now nothing on my facebook is updating. NOTHING IS. you guys always mess up something.
How can such a huge firm like Facebook produce such a slow and useless app??? Remove this messenger app spam!
Big size in ram (memory)... & must always be hibernated with root app, like greenify, etc...
Number.1
Good...
Excellent
Need to be upgrade in HD
Just fine thanks by the way :)
Useful app
Very good
Face Book
Very nice but consumed phone memory
I lost the last 2 updates.. and again download the app but it run jst like the same, too much ram consuming & too much lageing. Plz fix it.
Would be nice if it did not slow down my phone, collected data.... lil things like that
I love this apps
Ok
Please fix that because when I wanted to custom the privacy and hide the pics from a specific person I couldn't find this choice as it found on the website windows version

Facebook open
Nice
Simply owesome
It has been like 4 years? And this app still has the same issues, it keeps waking the phone prevent sleep and wasting battery. At least fix the wake lock issue, I want to use this app whenever I want not waste my battery for this.
How to download vedio in this updated version?
Cannot view notifications messages friend requests in fact nothing except the window that comes when you open the app...very poor app..
Gr8 application
A lot has happened since last update,  Good work #fbTeams.
Facebook is my drug and a good time pass .  Ds iz very gooooddd appp i like it.....
Super.
App Uses Entirely To Much Space! Please Fix!
This app was ok untill you did this. It takes up 70 MB!!! Untill you fix this im going to uninstall this app. Facebook, please fix this. It just takes up too much space!
Add unlike &  Select text and copy enable
Awesome
Best app as usual !!
Okbut constently crashes !!
Nice
Great
I love it
Occasionally freezes on my nexus 5
Good
Nothing loads right. Kills internet takes over my phone and knocks off my WiFi
PLEASE FIX IT
Fb will always be cool in communication,... Keeps us close to our friends and families!! Love u Mr.Mark,!!!
Good friends and family time
It's nice and fast
Sometimes its not properly working
Worth to install
It use too much ram...
Gooooooood
Need to pop up when I get something
Why do you keep "fixing" what isnt broke, and not fixin what is. Just leave things aline. FB is fine the way it is and was.
The main problem is that after viewing all the messages it still shows a notification over the messages bar and also on the main menu icon of the device. When I take a look at the notification then there will be nothing new or anything unread. Kindly fix this.
Don't forget to go in and turn off anything you don't want it to do. This app has clearly been getting better. It still snaps around on the timeline sometimes, and getting a chronological view seems impossible.
It so cool
I liked
Suberp
Permissions are far too invasive!
112233
The cache sucks on your app, download it 20mb or so ok that's cool....as soon as I log in it jump to 60plus mb and just keeps getting more and more ...even when I force close it...don't understand.
Love it
Have to log out to save power even with updates set to never. Default should be recent sort order.  Very poor. Stops me using it. Can't give less than one star or I would :(
This is very good app...
Fast and furious
fasbuk
This is nice app and way to surfing nice
Sometime hang over fb, not fix pixess bug  pls improve this problem solutions
It is very easy to use
It's nice
I don't know why but it keeps sending me back to home so i'll put it back at five star when fixed:(
Just wana know, when amy status is updated on Fb via mobile phone so whats d procedure to get d phones name for eg status updated via samsung s4. Can any one help me
Yo Yo Facebook
unknow
I really need it .. !!
Mast Hai bhaiiiii
Fesbok open start
Best thing to chat
I'm not so sure if you guys fix were i cant receive any push notification or just an accident when disruption on facebook occur last week. If yes then good job. And my news feed(most recent) showing things yesterday or the other day instead of recent things.
I
Really cool
ARE YOU SERIOUS?!? WHY DO YOU NEED TO READ MY MESSAGES?? STAY OUT OF MY PERSONAL BUSINESS FACEBOOK.
More updates!please!!!  Unable to send file like docs.
I use to love this app but for months it wont load or it will freeze and close out i have uninstalled and updated every time but still wont work on top of that i had to install the messenger which takes up unnecessary space on my phone if yall dont fix the app im deactivating my fb all tpgether
Ghosh
Can't see the top rated comments and whether the comment was a reply and to which comment. Also the access to ALL of your phone is concerning.
Awsome
Its wonderful very thanks for developers..
Always has a problem loading
So,  I cannot read the message without installing the Messager?
Great.. now i can't download it after i remove this app cause i cant upload pic
Very good
Good
Girl
ok
Good
Good work
so enjoyable
Nice one
It takes Huge memory..!! :'( so Phone gets slow...
Still the same problem Cannot maintain the application font..I still will give u 1 star ... need font size in the setting
thanks to the advertisement on my account facebook earn billions of dollars, but doesn't pay me a single buck.
So friendly it is
Gooood apppp but plz increase the limit of photo tagging its only50
Too slow.Gets struck often.
Plzz ad video calling feature to ur app at least to Messenger :(
Why oh why can't you put the most recent posts on my news feed as a default setting! I'm fed up of having to do this EVERY TIME I open the app and that is quite often. That's the only thing that's dragging my stars down.
Jg
App closes by itself. Doesn't load by most recent, very slow and lags
Kumar
4 star as video player had bin updated and no more faults, would make it 5 star if you could up load about 100 photos at one time :-)
..App to sdcard
Just love it
Its fab
Por favor que pasa con la splicasion de facebook que no puedo abrir la pagina
This verson shows me old news and it struggling to connect to internet and its hard to upload pictures or see my groups and my profile, it just shows my news feed onle
This application is very nice by Facebook but need more improvement like speed etc. Because sometimes its getting hang or not responding
EXCELLENT
Access Easily Anything on FB
I Love The Facebook App Cause The Internet Works Slow
Loath
Love it!!!!!!
Love the update way faster
karen
Very good
It is rubbish
Very nice service @
FB development must be in the hand of some morons .... After ver.11, FB video are not loading.. 3 new updates came .. but all  useless .. Already  reported 4 times ... Seems to falling in deaf ears ..
Excellent app..tq.
Don't show me the new notification and very slow
Easy for me to check my messages and it isn't slow I even like how it is set up 1#
Lol time eater
Good
Too much lag for a program that's been through so many updates.
Nowhere to be found
OK ok
Cover pics are not displayed full
KEEPS FORCE CLOSING since the latest update!
Very nice
Bakwas....

Best!!
Tiap Hari Main FB
Cant see emojis and there's no custom privacy settings to control who sees my posts and who doesn't
I hate that the news feed is on top stories. Lame
Everytime I open my facebook account it would force close and would not respond.
Great social app. Great to connect with people
Good
Wow l am inprest
Nice nice
It save my photos.
I use a galaxy s...And fb on it is sh**...I am not able to type my password...this happened after i updated da app....disappointing...
Please Reduce Size.
I see face carefully as face is the index of everything.
My friends are with me...always
It's ok because i will my chat my freinds but iam not play all the games
Good
Good work
Please put the top comment
Beautifull
Start video calling Facebook massanger
Improved
This app
kasto download invalid bhancha ta.
M
Please minimize the use of memory in background.. this takes much RAM from my device :( Anyway, I very appreciate the recent changes. Added 1 star for you :3
Nice
Crashes pretty much every day
Was working great til few updates came. Whenever you open a link and view it thru third party app even native browser, it refreshes on its own instead of going back to where you left off at hence you've got scroll down again and tendency of missing lots of things as some are covered by new updates and feeds. Hope it works like iOS app. Fix it please!
No
Old is gold
Very nice app
Always NOT RESPONDING..hope u can fix it..then i will make 5stars.w
This is good co'z it helps us to connect to the people we love, friends, family and others, keep it up...
Face look
It s app is fb
No longer able to open albums in my pictures. Fix please.
Its because my facebook account always error ohhh my God  it is not good , every time I online its always say that ( your Facebook is not responding ) why???
We'll see what happens! :p
fb gio chan wa
Is there s newer version of facebook
Its very popular to us
Good thik for app
Best of everything
Great, Excellent
damosa12
Al amin
New  update failure. Cant use the app because everything is black...I cant even see what im txtn :( please fix
Just love it..........!
It's better now
choudhary
This app is very nice. But girls & boys take negative things plsssssssss remove that candidates plssssssssssssssssssssss otherwise fb is super it is social network.
The number 1 app that has a huge consumption to my battery and eats lots of space in my RAM..
Facebook
I just hate you. I hate this app. Die.
Osam app I love it
I want update more
Do not download this app will freeze your phone and make it lag real bad...smh.....
I have heard that they are planning on taking the messenger off the app.  I think they need to leave it or i will uninstall the app and just use the website. No need to take up more room in people's mobile devices. If the leave it on the app I will improve my rating.
Very annoying the about tab on all my Facebook friends is gone even my own can't even read about myself now let alone my friends this update is a horrible disaster now a 1 star
l love facebook
Smooth browsing.
When your on a laptop you can see your video album but when your on facebook app on your phone you click on albums and theres no video albums there why is this ?
Good
I could not update this application plz fix my problem thnkxx. Great application n nw its 4 stars plz fix my prblem thnkx again
Nice
Ok
Keeps force closing.
LoVe iT! <:^),
O
With every update Facebook mobile gets worse and worse. Latest update now causes force closes of the app, crashes when I try to play videos people share and I can't comment or post because it won't allow the keyboard to open so I can type... you'd think with the amount of money you people make you'd be able to find someone who can actually make an app that's stable. Try listening to your users and make a functional and stable app and quit worrying about how your going to jam more ads into the pages....
How do I edit my page the about me section is gone please fix
I love this application
O
Its really fantastic. Enjoy friend's
theinko
Awsm
I have the new LG G3 and every time I start Facebook, it shuts down within 3 seconds.  This just started, so please fix it.
Poor
Dami raicha
Like
Sucks
yo
Awesome. :*
Great
Yeahh
Good
Needs improvement Takes a lot of time downloading the app.
Not as expected
Please fix this!!
Phone lagging after the last update
Good
Good time pass when free.Use is good for various types of methods.
Now i have updated latest fb version it has amazing speed....hurrrrreeeeeee........
Good
Nice
Sai
App-Constantly running in background burning your battery, and takes up a lot of memory.  FB in general- look up veritasium's youtube about their practices. Very shady.
Post pics, seeing friends and relatives, the special, the unique, Facebook is the app to have.
Is good
Amdadul
Nice
The app eats too much SPACE..
Kainis logg
Works well, but can be slow
Ilovefacebook
I don't want to get facebook messenger
Very good friends
Always changing...!
Awesome excellent super
Does the job, design is very iOS though.
Nice
I can't open Facebook.. Why??
Check!
Very slow error loading news feed
I will not be forced to.download an.app just to see my messages!  Stupid.
My major beef w/ this app is the load time is long...other than that, not bad, but, not really great either.
Sexo
Facebook
but please add custom settings when posting  :)
Nothing
im giving it a 2 stars only.. because i cant see  my albums on this fb applications it only force close/ restart wheni open my photo albums.... please fixt this problem!
Superb
My Facebook keeps freezing and popping back up after I close it. I have to restart my phone because of this app. And it Started happening after I updated my app. It's getting really annoying. Fix this issue please.
Meh it keeps forcing close on my droid 4
Facebook is best ever app..
I like this programme .. it's make me happy and more outgoing, and meet a lot of my friends , and speak with their .. I really like Facebook.
Awesome!! Great improvements !!! :D
Tis app is not at all working properly. And very slow
Face a chat
I like this
Ali
Good
1 star because there is nothing way to give it NEGATIVE STARS.  NEVER works right. Fix this junk! Still can not access video album on app or mobile web. Go to install latest update get package install failed.
Every single person I know that uses fb complains about this why can't you just do this. I am so tired of opening my news feed and seeing posts from a week ago. I don't care if someone just commented on it, I only want to see posts that have been made today. I constantly miss friends posting that they are doing something nearby.
Facebook won't install on my Samsung tab pro 8 inch
Alot of fixing needed or dedication or something, really needs it
It is a good and easy for do chat and upload pics and videos
Good
I don't know what you guys did but you mucked it up good...all I get is a black screen. And if it does load it freezes my phone. Fix it and stop screwing with it
Top
But I don't want messenger you put a thing that says if you want messenger
useful.
Free post code lottery
This app consumes a lot of space in my smartphone and now they're moving messages to the messenger. Now I need to install another bulky app. Very disappointing.
Vary good
Facebook sucks co*k and invades all of ur stuff and uses way 2 much space so just don't get it or uninstall it I no I am
Mohan sv
It's..nice
It is a really nice app!!!!!!!
good
5 Star
Gwenchanayo
My favorite
Y'all have been "updating" for 2 days.! NEVER shows most recent feeds.! FACEBOOK IS AND HAS BEEN GOING DOWN HILL.!
Worst app evr,,, will destroy any phone or android device u ve,,, juxt dnt instal it,,, it slow downs d speed,, at any android gadget,,, hate it
Same issue. Facebook sucks!
Like this app
Face book
Like this. ...
ok
Nice.
Okish...
Equal woodie kiosk
If i see the album, the photos won't show it. And after that, it's back to the wall. please fix it.
.wadenasha89
hmm.valo
But need to use less space
Wanna download facebook but now my phone error can't download
Good komunikasion
After latest update, I can no longet view my own photos.  Clicking on an album restarts my app.
I have totally no control on the content to display on the news feed, it's fixed to top news only, which I really dislike as it limits the latest updates by my friends. Also the app is taking up more and more memory, with every update 
But sometimes slow
I loved it .very useful
Very slow
for these 2 features that I hoped for this app to have since: A custom privacy setting where I can selectively set people or a list of my friends NOT to see my posts, and a way to turn off notifications for group posts I've previously liked or commented. These features are available on the web version and I know its possible for Android. 4 stars at the moment. And by the way, please bring back to recent post sorting to default, its everybody's request - another 1 star less for this!
Best facebook app ever
I can't update..eveytime i updated it always show error..please fix it..tnx
Since update, back button doesn't work anymore! (I have android 4.2.1)
Getting better....
Ok .what else do you have for Facebook?
Error Saving Photo,  and CONSTANT force close when watching videos
I love you
I love it
Not working only notification are updating but no feed to show error
Masud Rana
Love it
the update sucks, constantly force closes, and the loading is so slow. fix this please!
Not able to turn notifications off in posts anymore,would like news feed to show only most recent,don't like getting week old posts.
This option hasn't been available for some time now and is greatly missed if other reviews are any indication.   Please fix...Each update I become hopeful, but alas, a let down!
It is cool app
V v
Fast scrolling but image slow show up
Albums cant load, it restarting the app
So many bugs and having to constantly choose most recent stories is so frustrating
, the only reason why I pay  more for all my phone bill.
Constant errors and slow
Love
Good
Its not bad for ZTE but its slow and its not problem in the phone
Booom
Love
Its okay
MD. Shariful Islam
S.P.Mahi.kamrup(Assam)
Amburegul Emeseyu Bahrelway Bahrelway
How come each new change makes Facebook worse?
Chaithanya fire
Good
Video player is useless! It always stops playing video. Error on every single video! They think that they are smart for everything
Great
Better than it was. Went from one star to three stars, but still takes up too much space...
Every time i update i can't find stuff!  Where is my about me section? I want top be able to see my liked pages I'm really getting frustrated
Great on phone but better on tablet and pc
aditya
The biggest thing I hate is the unability to select the text to copy. Atleast this feature should exist. It is annoying to open same post via a browser to just copy it.
Ok
It help u to find long time missing friends.
Incredible
Fun
i like it..  but im still focused in study.
Since the latest update when I open the app it closes out within a few seconds on my Note 3.
Got a new update and now the app won't open at all. Nice testing by your developers.
Won't let me install on my nexus 5
Please add the ability to be able to move the app to the SDcard.  Samsung Galaxy Note 3
Very cool app .
I like it but the news feeds.error sometimes :( fix it please :D
No improvement ...
Uses lots of MB tho
I wish I didn't have to jump through hoops to get it to list things by most recent (goto the far right selection, scroll down and select Most Recent) but otherwise no complaints.
My phone keeps getting hanged when I go fb pls fix
No more errors during update.
Keeps cutting off
after the update, i cant open the app totally.
i can't sign in fb sometimes because it's use so much package size and memory :(
Tp
Why does it keep saying it has a download error due to 492 what does that mean it won't let me update the app
I must agree with all the guys reviews. This app adds tremendous head and heartache.Please do something to improve matters. My games cant connect to this Fb at all, kept saying i am not connected whereas i am.
Good
Ok
Nice
Lol this is suck app

It's a great app 
Love it
Layang je
So hard to get in, then it pops up saying that"force close"! And lately have taken a break from fbk-always "force close"!! Fix it & 4ish stars!
Wow
It's alright  other than a backed up news feed, it works fine
I wish i can unpload some videos without limits ...
There should be an easier way to contact FB officials
Whn it ws not wrking proprly i uninstalled dis.. nw im intstalling dis app agn it says error 927....
Wow
Nice
An error message appears all the time..After each "update" it's gets worse
Well, I loved that app, I recommend for you guys download that. :-)
Great work...
Put Facebook back have to screw around to get most recent post, every time I open it.
Face book
This is Rocking
I installed the new update and the app still won't open!
Ok
I Love Facebok
Awesome!
BAgus
An In touch Way To Talk To Friend's And Family...
Really hate fb messenger app. It takes up more room on my phone; unnecessary! Why can't messages and their notifications just stay on the regular fb app??? Stuuuupid!!!!!!!
awesome...
:)
app sucks
Hv
Where did the birthdays go? The new event page is confusing.
Awesome
Wtf.  August 2014
Very nice application.. Love it much
Facebook you are on the right way :)
i love facebook very much
Great
When reading comments it resets itself halfway through and starts the comments ALL over. Also shows blank posts from dec of 1969! Need to fix the recent posts! I dont need to see posts from 3 days ago today, I saw them 3 days ago!
Suuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuperb
I m loving ittt
Liw internal memory pls reduce app usage
I can never get the most recent posts its always 2 to 4 hours ago can you please fix this problem thanks
Great
Facebook
I just do
Thanks.
It's the best!
Love
this new update suks!!!
but speed is very slowwwwwww
Thanks
Habiba habiba
This app keep show at my task manager. It drain my RAM and battery
The best
The very nice app..
Comment feed doesn't work so well on wifi...  but for my s5 it works very well.

Good
Better but its still lacking something... I can't quite pinpoint it
App is not that much performance wise in accordance to hardware consumption especially RAM. Hoping to have a better update in the future.
Im loving it...
Every time i use this Useless App my phone freezes up.I use Chrome 90% Of the time.GPS for This App says i am in another city 78 Miles away from CORRECT GPS.PLEASE FIX GPS .PLEASE FIX ALL BUGS!!!!!!!!!.COME ON FACEBOOK, ANDROID THERE HAS GOT TO BE A FIX SOON!!!!!!!!!!!! LISTEN TO ALL THE COMPLAINTS!!!!!!!!
FACEBOOK Horrible app even after several updates it can't refresh. Earlier I gave 2 stars now I give just 1
Now finally fb is improved
Nice
TIGAR
Good
Loved it
Laggy app
Because in  install 18,01  he stoped
Not very good but not so bad also
Why i cant upload picture??
Its really good...
Good
After last update I have had to remove it as it is no longer working corrextly. Posts dont appear. Screws with your normal facebook. Cant check in.etc   have to use browser more times than not. Its gone from bad to worse.
Decent besides the fact that it takes up 173MB and I can't even put it on my SD card
news feed is not updating resent post. very bad ..need to improve
Can't confirm code
We'll see what happens! :/
It always crashed . i install this and uninstall many times but it always pop out i cant use this proper in my tablet .
Facebook
Love it
Good of the best
Liked
Every time I try to upload a video. Please fix :(
It is Facebook, what else is there to say.
Best advantage of the Facebook. ..good application. .bt not color full
Please make it fast
Need to go back to option for viewing most recent or top news feeds! I have to go to persons page to see their activity.
Mast
Great
Why does Facebook for android need so much access to my stuff. Now *seriously* invading my privacy! Would delete if I didn't need to keep in touch with friends and family. Would prefer to give ZERO stars but that's not an option.
Wtf..... i can't download this application... always say FULL STORAGE...
Gavare
bravo to use!
Sajad Bhat: Try again and again until you get the goal.
Facebook
Goood...not bettterrrrr
I use Android 4.0.3 right now. When I drag to the bottom to read a feed. It's crashing again. So, I can't use FB App right now. Please fix it again. Thanks.

Top
Iove
I hate it veryyyyyyyyyy bad and slow I cant open my facebook please fix
Its nice
Thanks
Very nice
It's fantastic for hanging out with friends and playing games and other things like that but it does have a bad side like rumors are  spread more relationships are torn up all the time.
Salabdel.sia@gmail com2
All over ok
Eating so much memory and its slow in loading
Ramchandra jadhav
Hate it avsokutly hate this rymor spreading stalker app
Why do i read posts from my friends that are "ages ago"? why not the minutes ago? what happened facebook?
Bogus
Owsm
Ya ni siquiera va bien en equipos de gama alta, es por eso que la desinstale adems de que consume demasiada RAM y se abre muy constantemente y slo con Greenify poda detenerla, prefiero usar el navegador, pero an puede mejorar.antes solo se actualiza cada mes y no tena tantos bugs, ahora que se actualiza ms seguido, reparan uno y sale otro
Nice
What can I say. Does what it needs to do. No issues on Note III
Actually facebool mean by friends book. This is not a magic.
Update
It is good one
Like
Gila awesome
It keeps freezing and taking me out of fb wtf it was working fine the day before??!!
This is the worst app on the market! Since the last update I've not been able to use the app at all. It won't load no matter how long you wait. Also, after about 3 months, pictures still don't load. I know this isn't just my phone having issues because I've had others ask me if its messed up. I would ask for an update to fix this issue but it will probably only get worse.  Update: this app still sucks! Same problems but news feed still won't work right and it uses a ton more memory.
Jared
It's very usefull
There is lack of an option for copy of any post from Facebook app, but if I use Facebook through any browser I am easily copy and paste any post from the Facebook so why we use this application if I have more options in browser
A LOT BETTER BUT STILL CONNECTION LOST SOMETIME!!!!!!!!!!
Good
Gud
Nice
Color of the life even
Last timw I gave you 3 stars but now? Only 1!!! The video I am watching crashes ALWAYS! HOLY FBGAJAHSKBFKS!!' PLEASE! Fix this , do your job.
Not Bad . :)
Nic speed to opening pics on 2g from me 5star
Love it
awesome
Very helpful
Very usefull
It allows me to talk with friends and family from around the world.
i love it..
Good that it's working now!
I have oldest version why i cant update this >.<
What is wrong with Facebook ....its not working
Wuvvti
Co
Working well on my moto g
Jay mata di
Always lag, and too much big. Still no fix? Big update still no fix in lag.
More improvement
This update freezes a lot.  Please fix.
Notifications finally working....thanks
Not good
Doing better
Rana
Can't reach d cgnal. . G***** it..
Ok
It's Facebook...It's always love hate.
Cool
Mst
Iloveyou
Good
Its awesome. .......
Very average. Why so many updates fb
Idont like all of you're update its so poor and so log can you please FIX it Please so many people saying that's is so log please FIX it thank you for listening.
Good
Exilent version...
Bes
I don't even use the app, I have the web page bookmarked...captivate froyo 2.2
Good
Thumbs up!
I wish there was a way to permanently have new stories as a default. I know you can get to it through feeds, but this feels fiddly and clumsy. Still a good app, though.
Its great really fast
Now it doesn't downloads (displays) some pictures from friends posts
Very poor
I think the latest facebook app is targeted to users kit kat 4.4 android devices only. not on the old android device users. This means that only 4.4 kit kat device just got perfect facebook app. pitiful
Can't download facebook
Short...comfortable approach
Great
I

Hi whenever i play videos the screen is just frozen but i can hear the sounds please fix
Nice app
Still needs improving !
Full saraku with side dish
Muy lenta
Its very slow and sometimes it freezes my phone
I think this apps upgrade is not perfect for using Facebook.cause it will create a big problem about to share any message by this message is not directly send.without this Facebook apps upgrade i need to use another messenger.so,i want perfect solution against this prob....
still no most recent button.  I look where FB said it was gunna be and IT IS NOT THERE.
Bhat
Good
Good
I hate you soooo much!!
Nice
I will grade you five if u improve in sending massages on Facebook and not messenger
It's good
It's awesome. No issues.
Its good
Great app to keep you in the loop
Connect and disconnect from wifi? Send emails to guest without owner's knowledge?
app eats up wayyy too much memory.
Lovely
its getting very complicated to even get on fb... Smh!
Nice..
facebook
Getting better with each update! Facebook is a great way to keep up with friends. Recent stories are at the last tab, built in videos is fine.
It s so nice
Experimental phase
Since the update it won't let me upload videos I've now done 2 updates please  fix
Good
Switched to the LG G3 from the Motorola droid razr, and the crashing issues went away. Works great now.
Supper
Love love it! All but the times when I can't get on.
vfdg eg
facebook
Good app but very lags on less powerful device
It's getting better
Wooooow
Loading...
INSTALL FRIENDCASTER  the facebook alternative...... Facebook programmers are not listning to what loads of users are asking for.......a logical as it happens in order news feed...please make the app default to most recent and make illogical news list a choice....see added this later no response....big brother is listning but not going to respond to the plebs they only make a small income from....over 2.5 million people only give you 1 star ???...give google + another try maybe
Not playing videos.
I feel so cool with this ur apps make it alive always.
Not that Facebook cares about their users privacy or anything, but way too many permissions. For that - 1 star.
Good
I hate that every time I go on Facebook I have to go to lots of trouble to see the news feed as most recent. I don't want the top stories. Agh.
UPDATE : Now this POS program won't update news.  Ughhhh.  Also, Dont bother installingon a tablet.  Cuts off half the photos. Wish i could give a negative number. Its like they are going out of their way to suck. Samsung Tablet  Old:Facebook has completely screwed up their interface. It takes forever to load or refresh. Most times it can't expand profile pictures, or it hangs altogether.  Samsung Epic
Using xperia v. Crashes after the update. F*ck you facebook!
relle
Cepat
I cant access my account
Good
Good
Love it
wonderful
Supr n exlnt....
Great  app and is free so why complain??
Excellent
Speed should be increased...
Uses lots of ram
Works smooth no trouble even though some of the old features were more preferred
Very bad
Cool
What the f is Wong this f app, y the f do I have to Facebook messanger to freaking see my messages.
I m using this app and I given 4star  because the app has excellent features and all the options we required for better work.
loved it
Please fix this release, my time line is so messy
Bt not best
Too bad
Sometimes glitches on my device
Best social network !!
I cant see any one shared photos.and i cant also see my pictures...
I don't ike having to run multiple apps for a single service,  each requiring their own cpu time,  ram and flash.   Lame.
What the f* why so slow? -_-
Moni
Still have room for improvement
Nakko karo
Good
Why i can find the videos that i stored together with pictures...
Nice
m lovng it
Nice
Its easy to doing every thing quickly
If only they hadn't separated the chat.

Excellent
I can't see my recent news feed  PLEASE solve
V bad upgrade ..closes facebook after loading news feed
It's a great app. I like it so much
I have had to uninstall and reinstall several times!! Fix it!!!
Great deal.... Great app.... Easy and convinient...
It does nt save my photos
i love it
This app is nothing but a piece of trash for the following reasons. 1: the app always crashes. Takes me 10 to 15 tries just to get app to start loading and then its a 50/50 shot if it fully loads. 2: this app takes up to much storage space. 20 Mb just for the app?? By the time I get loaded in and view post the data usage is 30 to 35 Mb. 3: after finally getting app to load it goes to "top story" instead of " most recent " 4: the number of friends it shows I have changes by the day. Going to uninstall today.
I am so happy for. New versition of facebook it is a very fast realy very mince.
I don't want to see posts from days ago, like many others i want recent news
The problem I've been having has been solved through a few updates so the app is actually enjoyable to use now. The only thing I hate is that they're making us use the messaging app now. I hate that app. It looks like a kiddy app.
It is Easy But Its Works Very Slow Browsing. .?
I cannot express enough how much I hate this app. Now it's randomly updating me of someone else's posts - posts that I have nothing to do with. And it doesn't allow me to share a link via message, only on my wall or their wall. WTH?!?!!! Fix this stupid app!!!
enjoyed
I like it
Vari nice app
This app constantly freezes and closes. I have actually stopped using it. When an update happens I give a chance but still no change. Back the browser for me.
Well done
Evry1 dwnload  it......
Facebook I'd but Instagram is guccie
Awesome work
NAKAKAINIS pag malapit name ma download nag error shiiittttt!!!!!
The idea of a Facebook app is to have the messenger part built in it not to have individual apps for all of its features!! Disliked the idea of removing the messenger part !
Booty
Add other functions
but still have bug problem.plz fix it asap
every time i upload some pictures to the aLbum i want  somethinq to say but i cant say what i want .. why it is like that .. its really disappointed ..
Y'all have ALOT to fix. I'm gonna use the browser until y'all get it together
It's cool now
The news feed had a tendency to jump to the top instead of staying put when scroll and as new items arrive.
Its work awesome
Rely
Superb
Facebook
Nice
But, why my password cant change? Need to upgrade again
New update just plain SUCKS! It's much slower, shows feeds from weeks,months ago! Sometimes will not let me like or share! Definitely a DOWNgrade , not an upgrade!   :(
Perfect
Doesn't upgrade: 961 error code/ storage problem . App stores 25Mb data when not logged in. Bloatware - grow up and reduce footprint.
Super
Option button is not available in my Moto E ... I want to turn on sync contacts... Pllss fixx this error...
Keeps on force closing. 
Its a best aap for FB guys .   loving it.
Love it
hmm.katana.crash
Nothing loads right
Good Facebook
Owsome
Amdadul
Great
All my lost kin!
Facebook is essential but this app suck in term of size and speed. I am not able to load photo very bad app.
Or LifeInvader.
Loved it really like all do
Nice.... (y)
This application very famous and nice to see ......all people's of world.
Nice
My fav
Sardar umar g
Facebook
Its a fast browsing facebook app
Error :( why ?
It freeze all the time
Please let it easily be connected to others and the Newsfeed  its not really updating at the time .
Needs updated roughly twice a week or forclosing on me
Its some what slow
bad version. its too large. 60mb after install
Most of us have to or need to use this app but its functionality, reliability and customer support can only be described as 'Poor'. It (now) uses 136MB of memory. How much more space do you want???
Best social network 
Still IMPROVEMENT needed.
Great app
Now also reads your sms and can connect on its own to scan networks and send data back faster. Holds your distant relatives as a hostage. Update: also steals your other (google) account info. And the new version does nothing.
Display hawa xa yr
Nice
Please Reduce RAM Used ( Up to 100MB )
Why try to update constantly, you haven't fixed anything fb is just getting worse with newsfeeds from 2/3 days ago not receiving new posts till really late. And as for storage your eating up everybody's storge by making apps bigger it's getting beyond a joke now please sort it out!
my pastime

Torek jing jing
BACK TO USING THE MOBILE VERSION!!!!!
Good verygood
N
Nice app ever
Om Namo Shiva !
Can
I put it on recent and it skips from about an hour ago to 1 pm yesterday! I know there are posts from last night I'm not seeing.
fast and safe
Nice Facebook soft
only time west
The recent update is sad. The images on my wall wont open. Down you go from 4 to 1
But it take to much space on my internal storage. I just want that can u put it in SD card option
Often updating of de software n fast into uploading pictures n status
It takes 109 mb of my 8gb phone with no storage expansion
Awesome
Awesome
Can download image directly. it could be more better if video cn be downloadable.
Arvind
its eats lots of memory why ?????
Hangs everytime, picture doesn't come clear, and also allow copying status text..
i need u face book
Easy used
Super!
Stop killing palestine they are all human beings, maintained peace and Equality and let the people leave in Freedom
No news feed sorting....cant sort between top and most recent...
I think you should make all  your services available for every platform
I love this app but I would love it better if I could save it to my Sd card when I first got this app u could save it plz fix an ill give it 5 stars ty
Much better than before
Nadeem naqvi
Nice aap
Its too slow  and there is no option for"copy and paste" y this is so...please improve it.
Nice app
working nice
Great love it
App uses lots of RAM is not intuitive and slow even on the best android devices.
Love it
Automatically
The 'about' section on profiles has disappeared. The news feed shows events and status from weeks ago. Shows too much of what other people like or comment. The messaging in app is apparantly changing, I do not want messenger as it asks for too much ie privacy. I am not fond of the "Facebook expirience" anymore.
This latest update worked fine until 5 minutes ago when it won't even let me open Facebook please fix then ill rate it higher
Pop up pics
but lagging . Anyway it's awesome
Sometimes it logs.
I love it
wonderfull
Why is it the comments/posts keep multiplying?
Please fix some problems. Can't edit pages like a pc browser becz no options here. It will take too many time to load picture when on 2G data. It is time wastage. This application is too large. It will kill RAM memory. Please fix these problems and i will give 5 stars.
everytime i open this app, its always gonna force close. the hell is this
Could do much better
I can't watch any of the video post. And it won't let me post any videos. Please fix!!!!
Aps
I
Anyone else feel like they are constantly updating this app like daily? ?
Ever since August 5 update, have been unable to open app. Please fix this. I'm uninstalling app as it is just wasting space now. :-(
18MB liar it bacame 59MB wtf r u serious
I don't like crop thing when upload new profile picture.
Bad update...not user friendly at all.
Great app,although I wonder why fb keeps sending people you might know when you will be blocked for friend request. I believe you request for friendship from someone you are not acquainted with and not someone you are already dinning with. Stop barring people from making friendly request.
Please let's copy/paste postings & comments and hyper links.. ;) please dont comple us to rescale (crop) photos before uploading Profile pictures. Let us to upload it as original size..
Yo
Shariff hadawal
Great app
mi piace
The fb app is like a turtle. Always log, it takes a hour to see the new updates in the newsfeed. And whenever I press the like button still it is unlike. Hate it.
haha..this game the best  because i can chatt wish my gf(awek) .. thnkz
No more photo comments? What are you people thinking? Really? Listen to the people that use the app because you apparently don't(and for good reason) news feed needs to be most recent not top stories.
All tha best
Very interesting and fun
I love this app because u can call us friends
Cannot download a photo from my own album from my Facebook..
I would like the new feed changed so u can have new posts not what Facebook thinks u would like on ur news feed
Need the "other" messenger and comments reply option
Best to meet new people
My like you
Why it wont start at my cellphone PLEASE FIX IT!!!!It always says "Please uninstall it then re install it"
upgrade thse app
great to have this app..good job
Totally crack  22Mb .....
I can't play hd videos on s3
Terrible
Everyone knows
Though FB is showing signs of improvement, it still needs some work to make it equal to the actual website.
Can't use it
I Love Facebook
Facebook
I can't live without you, Facebook.
It's needs more space so plz update which consume less battery n space..
I hate when I have to wait so long to see a picture and upload a photo or a video. I thought it was my old android.  But men, I just got a new one with more features and capacities. Still having the same issues.
Nice
Very  nice
MEH MEH
santi ronika
VIDEOS Want Play Update Please Thankz
Exelent
Sonam
Too good
Fantastic!
Very good
Awesome
Bagus
Best software for cossializing
I tried pulling up one of my albums and it did not pull up. It just turns to gray then back to the album selections again
Hi
Goooooooooooooooooooooood
Sooo  fun
Nice application..
Ok
Application.. wow!
I love facebook....
Error :( why ?
Shivajinagar
Best app ever!
Suck its too slow on galaxy s5
Its simple but slow...
Thx for the update. It's better now
Nice
Very good
Can you make sending chats faster!!!!!
follow the ladder of life step by step so dat u finish ur life safely on earth
It's good.
Seronok
App hanging at the splash screen
Sadea Husain
Nice app
Ever since your update, I cannot check in because it does not know where I am. Wtf? Fix it. its not everyday that I travel the world.
Wow very nice
Thullu app
Bhagyasree
Exellent for chatting and flirt ing with chicks :-P
Nice.
PLEASE FIX IT!
The best app I found but also some problems as news feed and some other applications .... When we want to see some new news feed it doesn't have a option to see new ones .. We can see just old one   Otherwise message service is best and good on this app  .
Picture uploading sucks. What happened to the about section? How do i edit my info? What happened to being able to post pictures on friends timelines? The new update sucks go back to the old version
Prefer the old layout.
Sooooo cool application
Rekha solanki
I love it
Excellent
There's a lot of 'sponsored' posts. That makes me nervous to read anyone's posts that I think may be manufactured. Overall, I like it a lot.
Very excellent app is Facebook
Please put back the chronological sorting option on the main page. I don't need YOU telling me what MY top stories are, and I don't want to have to alert my home page every time I open the app..
Not good
Take too much space too update.
Nice
This gets worse on my HTC with every update. It's slow and doesn't respond. Why can't you fix it? Or at least improve it? Hopeless... This does not respond time after time. Still no better after latest update.  Uninstalling, more trouble than it's worth and takes up too much RAM and is too intrusive. Goodbye.
Latest update this morning yet again,l cannot locate my about section or my likes pages.l do not particularly like the photos that l was tagged in,in large format..Please fix asap,thank you.
After latest update, it is force-closing all the time.  Having to uninstall & reinstall in an attempt to fix it.
Crashes alot and takes a long time to log back in. Please fix. Still experiencing trouble
Can't report a post in a group to an admin. You don't have the option to reply to someones comment in this app. If someone replies to your comment you have to go digging through all of the newly posted ones hoping to find what they said.
Dr.Fazal
(y)
Good
Quiet good but not fast
I like the app, it's very practical (though it takes a lot of running memory). But one thing thay doesn't work is very very annoying. There's the option "turn off notifications" on each post, when we comment, for example. But I click to turn them off and keeo getting them. Can u fix this? I'll up my stars once it's done.
It's really good app
I like the new version very much.  Specially that messenger stuff.
Facebook not responding. Sent numerous messages. When eventually I get on in freezes. Also can't watch video clips. Why? Fix it.
Still slow cant adjust cover photo
gudddd h
Pls add support to open fb links directly into the app!
If you are looking for something to be social with friends and family this is the best thing and the most simplest it has an easy upload photos and videos its super easy to upload a status its the most simple thing I know so I would highly recommend it!
Good
Facebook
I have no problem about it but only one. It drains my battery so fast. That's all
Has some problems like you cannot reply to a comment or do some other features that you can on web
I like the update...
well done
Its not that smooth
Why is it taking up too much memory?
Useful
Awsm
I love it
Nexus 4 This app keeps getting worse and new updates it seems nearly weekly, please fix it and stop using us as beta testers
Super
it wont let me dowload
I CANT DOWNLOAD THIS ON ANDROID. PLS FIX THIS.
Me shanish
It's boring now
Fine.....expecting more speed
Slow!
Good app
this is lossing time
Superb.
Thanks to everyone who came out in this category is not responsible for delivering the message of your choice, and the Three main areas of the King of the most popular programs and following the link above to select
So nicee
Dont install its really glitchy and every single time I sign in it takes about 6 minutes to come off, plus its dangerous by causing harm to your device also, after you log in once it keep saying *exact words* ( error occurred try again later it seems it is in ( lame duck mode ) ) what does that even mean?!? By the way I'm really furious >:-(( THE WORST THING EVER !!! IT DOSENT SEND MESSAGES!!! THIS HAS GOT TO BE BUGGIER THAN TOMB RAIDER UNDERWORLD
Nyc
Nic to open fb faster
Really guys you just updated one thing and want us to update and waste our moola mxm
I was an amaizing site.
The page seems to be stuck on friends request whenever i log in. It is really annoying
super speed abd reliable
Just ok
Facebook
Could you add "save photo" option?
Love it
Bombom R K
Love facebook so much options yeah
While inactive this app used almost 100mb of RAM, please fix
Updated again, now there is no About button.....fix please
Its not responding all the time...
Superb app for most of time to chat, share and add. Nice to use.
Mary   quartey
Hurry
Very nice
App doesn't open and I never had any problems in the past. Hope you fix it very soon!!!!!!!!
There is no reason to need a seperate messaging service for the same company owned app.  It would be like needing a seperate saving and checking app for banking.
App
It is very good please use it vry much people are using it
Needs a lot of work to improve UI. we expect so much from a giant .
Khan
Video download must be added
Nice
Facebook
Nice apps
Great
needs to trim trim down in size of cache usage
Love it
cool app.
I wish the default feed was always most recent. I hate seeing old posts constantly. I live in the Now.
This apps is good....
krishna
its connecting my all friends
I love it...spr app....
Why still receive updates on news feed 2 days late. Use more memory as well.not good
Ik venda ta ee appp ..otm rasm ilyaaaa...hmmeeeeooo....ith enthuttaa..onu parayaoooo..poooooiiiiii...
Your mobile get slower when you installed it.
I have been uninstalling and re-installing for several times this week because the app keeps freezing when I open it. I thought it was my phone but when I checked my other apps, they worked perfectly fine.
Yo
Fine

The new update is perfect to my phone..
Whe
Content more memory . My memory is already full . Please fix it :'(
Samsung galaxy gt s7252
Kao sto rekoh super je. Dizajn mi se svidja,ali jos uvijek treba strpljenja kod prvog log in-a. Zna nekad zablokat ali oke...Ugl sve pohvale za zadnji update
Could do with another update to incorporate video calling but apart from that GREAT
Besttttt....
Osm like it
Like it
Like .
Nce
Doesnt load the news feed and when it does, its from hours/days ago! Very annoying! Needs to load most recent, not old post. Also liked pages arent appearing in news feed, have to look up actual page. Please fix this!
It eats up a lot of ram..
Like Facebook
Eats up so much memory. Cant see my favourite pages. so much ads
Installed the latest update yesterday, now I can't load any new content, check in or post.  Have a good 4G signal and I'm connected to WiFi,  nothing works.
K
The update would be nice if it worked. I just dropped what I had origionally rated this at as it force closes and won't load often.
Love it
Barley works anywhere...
Everything is ok. The only problem is that it eats huge amount of memory and battery. Hope you guys gonna  think on it and fix it ASAP. For now only 2 star
I don't like this version. ..
Excellent
I love this fb apps too much
Earth
How maintain vip ids
Friends no1 application
Good
improved  version
Nice way.......
This is the best app for chatting. I can simply handle my message's.
Its good but iam not satisfied with that
MOST RECENT AS DEFAULT! MOST RECENT AS DEFAULT! MOST RECENT AS DEFAULT! MOST RECENT AS DEFAULT! MOST RECENT AS DEFAULT! MOST RECENT AS DEFAULT! MOST RECENT AS DEFAULT! MOST RECENT AS DEFAULT! MOST RECENT AS DEFAULT! MOST RECENT AS DEFAULT! MOST RECENT AS DEFAULT! MOST RECENT AS DEFAULT! MOST RECENT AS DEFAULT!
It is love
Good
This new version crashes everytime i open it.
Every time I try to open the app, it crashes three or four times. When I do get in, it just quits.
superb
After todays update it takes ages to load images
Good
Fazool app
Too expensib to use please make it as easy low internet cost.
Mwaaaah
After the last update, the app won't even open anymore.
Wassup i really love this app
Nice
Very slow
Its oK
Thank you
Very good
True magic
I dont like the set up of the news feed where in when you open up fb it is always start the same post.i like the previous that u can chose an option where you want and which one u want to view from previous and current
I love.
Realy this app working very well i like it.
Just getting worse
I couldn't install this app on my samsung duos s6802 mobile. Pls update this app for all android mobiles
Very nice
This app eats so much  memory. Fix this please.
Very slow in opening
Very good
Nyc app.love it
I could gv 5 star but always showing error while playing videos..pls fix it..
Most horrible app  very very slow.. just dont download this icon..
It is so good. When I feel so boaring.I will use FACEBOOK. Beacuse
u
Too much size
Is i dont know what it takes too much space and the app is too slow even a device with 2GB RAM
Post... Comment... Comment on comment... Photo comment on comment on comment and so on..... It's like replying to the reply's on a comment of a post... That way there will be no misunderstanding on adressing someone
like
Good way to stay in touch with friends & family
Good
Good
Can't even watch videos on my phone, newsfeed is rubbish and its just not loading anything, its crazy slow and a big disappointment!!
Works well now
Allways get NO Connection on Internet for some reason
I can't sync all my facebook friends in my contacts. Too annoying.
News feed is crap and full of irrelevant ads instead of recent stories.. Consuming memory space like a starving kid !!! Can't see pages and and recent feeds till directly clicked upon .. and buzzing between to and fro links !!!!
sick
STILL NO NOTIFICATIONS, NO PSN TROPHY POSTING AND I COULD GO ON AND ON *Alot better than it use to be but when I try to share a photo from gallery it rakes me to Facebook gallery and can never find pictures I'm looking for and I don't have enough data to sync them all, I don't use or like that anyway. I THINK ITS TIME DEACTIVATE MY ACCOUNT :(
Previous version was much better than this update.Update version sucks.Don't even loads photos on my news feed..Fix it or I better uninstall this app.
I cant open the pic. Unlike before even its a free data its easy for me yo open it
Nice
Ok
Really ....really !!! I can't post anything :(
It become worse than before. I can't open my facebook app because of the update . Why ???
Perfect! As of now, I feel so great with this app. Good job!
Make it frister
cool
Ahmed Mohamed
Very good
Cam haram
Very cool ,could be more professional
Facebook  is good
Aaps
Allah hoo
Great app..
very nice
Usefull
but it not looks nice
Its always crashing whenever i open it. Pls fix it.
Good
I enjoy the app I'm really not on Facebook daily so the app does serve as an convenient time saver when I want to view Facebook.
Old post show all the time. Days and hours before new posts.
Kingdom
It is a gr8 app .but 1 thing that i dnt like is that it has no download opt of videos.you should have to work on it.
Nice app
Hhh I like it .. I love it ... ~_~ fb  is my food is my drinks.
Cool
Excellent
Consumes to much ram
Please fix the news feed! It will not be defaulted to most recent!
The new update is getting worse.
Sometimes I cannot choose to stop the notifications from a post I commented.
I love this app.
Satisfying, but sometimes its annoying.
Very good
Needs lots of work,the way it use to b was ok but now its been crashing,inbox opens an closes before you can write anything that needs to be fixed the most but all in all it's ok,oh an find away to keep people who you don't deal with off of your page even if you're friends with their friends
I can't play / see videos from this app
How can I get notifications from certain people if the feature has just been sunset. If you'll release an update, can you please make sure that we can get even a few tutorial first after we load the app?
Uninstall
Videos dosent work any more please fix it...
Nice s
Dumb slow app
Would be better if you was in a group rooms. Have it where you could take turns taking with a mic.
Nice
Its slow
The app nobody should be without! Tracked down so many old buddy's courtesy of f/ book ;-)
I always use most recent and don't care for top news. Cramming it into a sub menu is one of the worst design and ux decisions!
Lakmini siriwardana
Fast and easy to use
Facebook
Some apps will run simultaneously or runs on its own even not in use
Goo
I love it.... it works for me
Good
Cooler
Good but take time to load images.
It takes time to view a friend's timeline, I have to reload the app before I can view it.
Good
Arvind
I have the app for my kiosera rise and it always says facebook not responding or forse close when i try to use the app,already updated several times and kept removing app and re downloading and nothing...still the same...not responding...forse close...please fix app!
Changed my life
Worthless
Since my last review I have upgraded phones twice. Numerous updates later & I think they've actually done it! At last! A great accessible & usuable app! 
Love fb
Excellent
919
Amazing
I can't see videos from this app
Superb
Hi
Swag
Good
On Android I love it
Nice
I miss being able to have my news feed set to recent instead of having to manually pull it up every time I open the app. That's my only complaint.
File to large takes up to much enternal storage! Move to micro sd card!
App is great but hate the auto play videos. Seen as Facebook allow awful videos on there of cruelty I wish they would remove it.
Poor
Nic app
Magnific
Have always used this App and never had a problem with it.
Gud
It needs to get a lil faster..especially during sign in..
Nyce app
How many times i reinstalled the app. because every time i open new link or watch a video it consumed my remaining memory....i hate it pls pls pls pls fix it.....can't you fix this????? Its too annoying it takes my too much memory once you open new link.
The features and usability are one of the best I've seen in all the apps I'm using. Pretty smooth and good. Keep up. Just the wall news would come as per my preff of what to see and what to hide.
Sometimes not responding
Good
OK for me
Still need improved
fast
Cool
Very bad app because it is not downlading
21st Century's best app. So for.
Good
Ok
i install this app. but this app can't be open.. WTF

Unexpectedly shut down.... awful fb app
Missy Whitson
I want Most Recent to be the default view for my timeline.  I also want to see ALL of my friends' posts (in chronological order), not just the ones you think I want to see.
Why contents copy paste not available for mobile ?
Please make 100 or unlimited for uploading photos over the album.
I love it.:-) :-) :-) :-) :-)
Great app
Better since the update :-D
Hey, o please help me to open my albums using this apps.why I cant?
Beh
Disapointed
This is very good app!
I love fb
I liked that app :D
Every time I hit a video, the app crashes and close itself.... Plz fix...
Good
Good app
This is goid application
Simply superb.
Simply fantabulous
Robin
I can post as many as i can
I cant install fb? Why? Help me
good
Good but please get rid of top stories as the default option!
Good
Good
Lot of crashes.Time to fix.
the sharing photo needs to be fix because i can't even share the pictures i want !!! please fix it !!! thank you !!!
Whatever use in depend
Runs to sloe and keeps stalling and kicking me off.
Great
I love this app
Xfghjj
News feed shows old post
Great app for on the go
awesome
Its a nice app for android
Cool
FB is the app
Nothing have been changed
Good
Nice to be able to keep in touch with family and friends
Superb
Better but not four stars till i am able to read other msgs
This version is good for me but why i cant get notification when someone send a message???
Great Best Than Ever.... Who Says Its Not Good i said Gtfo Dufes Hahaha Take This 3Stars Raiting People _l_ ..
This app hang my mobile and m not able to like any post.
This app is very nice.
Good
superrrrrrrr
DEY
Good
INSTALL FRIENDCASTER  the facebook alternative...... Facebook programmers are not listning to what loads of users are asking for.......a logical as it happens in order news feed...please make the app default to most recent and make illogical news list a choice....see added this later no response....big brother is listning but not going to respond to the plebs they only make a small income from....over 2.5 million people only give you 1 star ???
After the latest update I can't manage to find my likes (pages) and About  vanish from my timeline.is it all right?
very nice
Ye find oot every hing ow it man haha
There are a few ups and downs. But overall its a good app. (:
As good as Fb can do... I like it.
Supar
Its take too much time to startup n not that much faster than other  apps..
I absolutely love Facebook, but this app takes away the ease that I love about Facebook online. There's not an easy way to make it so that you are always reading recent, rather than popular, posts. it frequently updates even though I have it set to never update. It also randomly shuts down.
when I use mobile data I can't open or play videos..
No comments all know its good not to search for Facebook in Google hihi
Dennis and knockum
Helpful to catch up with relatives whom I did not meet for a long time......
Social
News feed is not working since few months.  Issue Not solved yet
This is the real steel deal hahaha
The app had an update yesterday and now it's running crazy slow. I can't see pics and it's like having dial up. FIX IT
Wow! Now new UI launched! Nice but Size Memory is Too Big, in Data & RAM..
This product is a piece of crap.
Add copy paste feature
good
Sick of newsfeed going to Top news instead of recent. Seriously I am getting sick to death of changing from Top to Recent,  if I want Top I would set it as top!
1 star Facebook making us install messenger! !
goood
Reason is that they said would be faster than the previous one. It isn't. Its even slower than the old one. Mark Suckitburg. RETURN IT TO THE PREVIOUS ONE
Siipp
Fb
Since ive update it.. Sometimes it goes blank and its just white when i want to comment n Message(massenger)
loading so low
well done
GOOD
Why it take too much time in downloading
Boleh la
Facebook
Gittn sick of this app continually trying to start up in the background... I'm running 4 different task killers, and none of them can stop the madness. This is ridiculous. You're 1 more update away from Gittn perm.uninstalled.. Later FB..
Best
Awesome
I remember when this first came out for Android. It was crap, the the next couple updates made it even worse. Now, is actually usable. They listened to the users kinda.
Fantastic
Please
everything is nice for me
suresh
Superb...
Very nice application! The user interface is well done ! Eventhough there are missing features as compared to facebook on the browser, this is a must have application for all facebook users with android phones !
My photos are blurred!! what happen??
I am going crazy to download this app, the notif said that my device's didn't has enough space for save facebook app but actualy my device's memory is more than enough!!
Natraj
Use it every day. Awesome. Why do they need to have a separate Facebook messenger when it can have it all?
Tooo poor
Good...
Goot. It goot.
Connecting everyone :)
No about button on profile pages. Don't know how to find my liked pages anymore
It is fun
Thanks to the Developer
Very slow Immprove speed
Very nice App
SUPER
Will not load the news feed
Shocking app
Dami
Terbaikkkk...memudahkan segalanya...
Finally it's working as supposed
Thank you!!
I'm such a Selfieholic
<3
Good interface but laging to much
Works good
the new update keeps on telling me that the connection was lost even though i hav full wifi and 4g as well. i cant delete posts and i can rarely like photos or share them any more. if this problem is fixed ill giv it a 5 star rating
Big hot
This app works really well. Anytime I need to get on or post a status this app is there when I need it. Sometimes its a five star app but for now it's a 4 star because of minor freezing . Really resourceful app though
Not to many ppl cared about the speed there more worried about other issues like top stories is always checked no matter how many times ya click recent posts really i think that sorting feature is  bogus/useless and very irratating
This app is very excellent every  one shall install this app...:-)
It is so much easier to use
It's good
Crashes a lot
Reported over 2wks ago, tht my videos wont play, when i try and watched whats shared or im tagged in, it still says error, something happened, but it shows on other devices, it used to play just fine, for awhile, i reported this same problem, awhile back. I guess ill just delete my FB, cuz thts all i do is watch videos and comment on them
Able to chat with family & friends.  And find older dear friends also.:-) :-:-) :-)
Pathetic... Its amazing the news/recent feed issue is still present when thy clearly dont care about their users.
Rio
A must have app but very very slow and sluggish.
hi, i m salim my love me
I love facebook
Facebook is wonderful messager
Bipin Sinha
This app is very good
Nad
Unable to direct replies in comments to other FB members in some group conversations.
Yuv
Easy to use ...perfect app
PLEASE UPDATE THE MESSENGER! i won't give 5 stars until i can check other msg through the apps. everytime.i want to check other msg i had to browse fb through browser.
The app is not allowing me to go on to albums and view photos. After clicking on an album, I end up with a grey screen and I'm then redirected to my news feed. Sort it out please!
Can't download the app on PA.
Knapa fb nie nak kna update salu hah,dlu 17 mb je ,pas tu 18,pas tu 19 skrng dh 20 lbh mb....bnyak sgt ruang dguna
Love u
Goodless
Partyslots
Boss app!!
Not happy
Stopped using this month's ago as it does not stay on most recent an always reverts back to top stories,  hope update might of fix it, but as usual they don't listen (needs a complete rebuild)
There should not be save any our uploaded photo by any other person.
Saini
Cause it always kicks me off allmost every time uhgg
The best for the best
The activity log should be faster and show everything ..loading images in the news feed is very slow..n all are very slow..make it faster..
Dear developer, pls note that FB not running on my device after update of 5th August 2014. kindly resolve this issue at your earliest. Zameer
Can't not see my profile info!!! Please fix.
More masti on fb may friend
My photos are managed into files I have created on my phone internal and external memory, though Facebook only has an option for ALL my photos in one huge stream, making searching for photos to upload unmanageable. Poor development!
Its very fast and easy to handle it
It is to slow and heavy storage, news feed by top i don't like that
It gets stuck, and it doesn't appear the seen link at the moment it appears a day later. I,haven't been able to get in my facebook from mt phone like for a week.
Can't install dis app to my mobile!!!!  Pls. Fix!!!
Gay
Can you show the most recent stories first?? It's not convenient to look for the nost recent tab before we can view the updated posts.
Good
Love it!
Kinda better
Lumayan
I didn't like it one little bit. Its one thing to give a limited functionality whithin the FBI app and give a whole experience in the messages application.
i
News feed sucks -_-
Easy to use.But there's a problem in massage option. Sometimes it doesn't work.
Too many updates!!! I've updated so much that this app cost me 125mb that's rediculous.  So had to delete to reinstall again.  Back to 22mb????  Really??
Nice.
Good
I love it...
So good! I love the new layout, its so much easier to use
Facebook
It's ok could be faster. I hate messenger though why do you need to access all that info. You can bugger off facebook
Gula jasto
nice & good
It  easy  to read
Fantastic
Salut
Mantap
Khatry
Good
Facebook is great
lost alot of features and us really slow
Facbook
A great app that stays true to the things you love about FB, the best way to stay updated and keep your profile updated when away from a pc, sometimes even when theres a desktop right there i prefer to use the app.
We shouldn't be forced to get two apps just to check our messages.
Add feature
Love it
Ok je
It just keep increasing in sizes on my phone. Why?
Used by teenager to be a filmy hero
Nice
Awsummmm
Very usefull social side
It's really nice app
If I want to upload more than 30 photos to one album,it can't do that because this is the limit.Please make the uploading unlimited or at least 100 photos to album! And one more thing, inthis vertion I can't open my FB albums. WHY?
Love the stories and the life happening.
For some reason it wont allow me to log out every time i push the button to do so it signs me back in
Yoooo
Ram consumption high
Come on guys .. no use updating your app if you're going to take away the simplest requirements :-(  What happened to chronological News Feeds???
OK laaaa
Not sure what the hard-on Facebook devs have for top stories is all about. Please just show me the most recent stuff, or at least give me the option
Rocks
Nice britches Facebook
Tooo much memory storage...
News feed order
Love it more
Getting better...
No notifications! Fix it man!
good performance ever i hope more update to come good luck and godbless
Still wish I could give zero stars. Continually refusing to listen to customers is frustrating. Give me Most Recent and nothing else. I will decide what I want to look at. And keep Messages in this app. My goodness, why do you keep making changes no one wants?
Changes of facebook its very crazy because everyday its happened  sometimes wholeday cant update my status and cant send message and i cant see my new feeds  not be able to post pictures evrything i cant,, screwed it . Im really sad about this .  How come i be able to contact with my friends loving someone if this always happened cant help.  Its need fix it so much. Its very bad . Please fix up Thanks.
options for untag and retag should be available
ijk
I lovee facebook
Awesome
It's very slow on my Galxy S4.....make it more faster. And, also the photo uploader is too irriting, it almost suddenly stops while uploading.
Good
Love it
hmmm
Its my life now fb
i like its
It is what it is...
Latest of the many buggy versions...  Cant share to a personal. message.
Verrygood
Always getn a wee bit better :)
I love you
It doesnt work, and I cant even uninstal it. HTC Hero
Benifit
App.
Easier to talk to people
I love Facebook: ))
Love this app it is simply amazing .I met my old frnds with the help of this app .
Fabulous muaaaah
New look please! iOS User interference at least!!
Very best facebook apps.
Can't Download Videos with new updates, Please update, and try to make Friends button work like last one.......
Period.
Facebook don't even share all ur posted with ur friends only a few the more likes you get the more friends see it .... so it's like ur talking to a wall all day if Facebook don't like what u post no one will see it ... read terms and conditions
Why don't the videos work. Only get to see the first couple of secs.
noyou gooil
Jast ok
It's very frustrating! Please fix it.
Nice update but reply comment ???
How to download Videos From FB App With Out Using Any Other App Plz Add a Option Like Save Image
It keeps saying I'm offline when clearly I'm not.
I don't no my password to my yahoo account and no one that controls Facebook needs to message me
Could be better.
For days at a time, i have been reading the same stuff. I have updated the app, unstalled/reinstalled the app and the news feed is still dated for days ago..please fix this asap or i will be deleting the app as well...
Fantastic app
Excellent. Deserves 5star rating......
It needs all the features of its pc version. I can't do 30% of the things I can do on its pc version. Such as choosing the friends whom i want to share my posts with individually. Moreover, YouTube and Facebook's app aren't somehow connected to eachother, so when i press the Share button on YouTube's app, I need to login using a browser even though I have already logged in on the app.
Whenever i try to see my newsfeed i get posts from hours or even days ago!! I never see new posts. Its very slow. The app updates are so unhelpful. It just keeps getting worse. PLEASE FIX ASAP!!!
but you need to do something about old stuff appearing in news feeds
Good app. Works as described
Facebook crashes after playing videos and while I'm scrolling through the feed  because someone thought it'd be a good idea to allow the videos to play automatically.
Works okay on my Note 3. No noticeable problems
Give me back recent stories on my main feed not on a separate feed.. that's complete crap!!! Oh and the not loading properly is a nightmare. I prefer the previous app... wish I could go back!
Anytime I log in old feeds always await me..please fix that problem I love the creativity and the graphics
Good
Always online my favorite app
On
Update has fixed so many issues. Thank you!
good fun
Superb!!!
To many Data Usage.
simple
I LOVE LAS VEGAS
Awsm aap frnds just download it nd    it roksssss yur drms. Rly an awsm aap i love it
I like it very much.
Not Bad
Great app
old facebook app
Friend Request Block is very dumb. And the app takes up almost all the space on your phone.
Lovely
I loved it
Best app in world
The messenger pop up while using the inbox somehow annoys me. I hope installing fb messenger wouldn't become necessary in the near future since not all users are fond in chatting like me.
I love it and fun it
Yeahhhhh
Awesome
Best
Nice.. but keep. On crashing please fix it..

Facebook official App has fast gone down hill.did like new update when 1st you added New features. But as of late it's totally pants.like many others I hate seeing posts from days ago.if I've missed something I've missed it. I just want the here and now. Been useng another 3rd party fb app lately. and at The mo there are a lot of other better fb apps out there that are better than the official 1. Until this one is sorted out I will not be useing it.
Wanted
Is it really so fucken hard? MOST RECENT AS DEFAULT!!
It's necessary smooth. Fastest
The news feed is not very good. Never up to date plus keeps showing feeds from weeks ago. There are to many ads.
Needs a MAJOR update for android 1.customize who sees your posts by name 2.constant freezing
Crashes sometimes.. i am an admin of a group and i cant seem to find the person in members to ban in my group for spamming
Memory
Because when i got to the news feed it right away takes me to the page and when im online it says that im ofline and some other pages pop up on my news feed and i hate that! !! XD
Not able to get the new look .still the same in terms of look after the updation too ..pls fix the same.
I Have Always Problem With Tag So Plzz Improve The Function Of Tag
Good thing
Sucks
velya koyappam ella
Its the third time that i delete and install the application .. it crashes every single time that i scroll down in my home page and keep saying that im offline while i'm not .. fixe it facebook assaaapp
good
Kool
Lv..... Fb.....2....
Hate it
Need to work on it not messing up and stoping every 5mins
This is the best
Mastt h Facebook koi tod nahi iska
Facebook is a good thing for us grown folks
Its like nothin else
It's need to be faster
Ongoing problem with not showing most recent feeds. Not a fan of it not being a default. Also. My about me is missing on my page so I cannot edit anything!  Please fix! Again!
There no copying option on UI of text
Not for tablet
I present to you 5* you fixed the notification bug. Thanks.
Simply amazing!
Inda
I jux luv it always intouch with ur folks n  luvd ones,relatives n meetin oda frenz is exciting
Gret
Keeps Closing a d Not Responding
Awesome App So Many Options......So Easy......Toooo Fasttt
Updates only make it worse. Fire the developers of this app, because this is failure on an epic scale.
Best,nice,good
fb in cp sucks..i can't find my already uploaded videos in pc.
Love it
Too good
Nyc but i cant open my messgs without using messnger recently.. Pls fix dis !!
It eats too much RAM .. And the phone starts lagging
FACEBOOK SUCKS NOW
Love
Decrease app size and battery consumption
Access to call history, contacts, camera (not the photos?) & microphone?? Wth do they need access to that? I've had Facebook since the beginning but have now uninstalled it successfully and I don't think I will install it ever again.
Lets you do all of the things that desktop Facebook does. But some small features are missing like comment replies, and the ability to easily switch to using FB as a page account.
Is very Good and More easy to use I am  New feeds have lots of problems.... New feed load so slowly & not change I'm see 5 days ago / 10 days ago posts! Plz set this issues
2
Very nice
It's Like A.T. and T.Baby!
Sexy
Good job
Like it
Sip
Not good
All I want is for my news feed to show the most recent.  Is it really too much to ask?
Excellent
Yes you're jealous but this app is life!!!
News feed does not update, still get early morning feeds late at night. Looks the same, no new look....please fix...Samsung Note 3
I cannot reach most recent in news feed any more :-(
X boleh download
I like the old Facebook the way it was before this new update
Finally fixed that comment box bug on android L
Good app
poor !!!
But Too slow working !
Yoooz apppz,
Likes
Osm...
Very good
Worldwide app
It is very nice
Nice
It's a amazable app
Meh
No comment
Trukit Grizzy
khmer1jivit
With the new update and layout all I get is OLD news feeds. Why can't I just have the most recent on my feed???
I cannot log out sometimes.
And so does everyone else.
Good
I want to see my recent newsfeed not the old one's.
Best social software
Indian Army
With how popular Facebook is and millions of people use it, you would think this app would be flawless. No where near how it should be.
I have to given it 5star because it is very glorious apps in mobile.
Great..
Owesome
I love that its so cool
But we can not write a note... otherwise its very good
News feed always goes up intead of most recent. Please fix. Most recent should go first not those statuses from yesterday.
Kamran khan
Won't work
Love it
Facebook
This last update suck a$$ so bad. The pages and comments and stauses don't update like the last version. The duplicate notice of statuses is pretty annoying. Thats about all I know right now bc i don't even want to use it often. Grrr.
Update apps. Its not open in samsung note2 na s3
Good,....
good!
Amazing
no very
FACEBOOK
BYEEE BYE BYEEEEEE
horrible
Please make messenger only optional so i can actually see my messages without having to install it
Plz facebook dont always update diz stuff coz its use big space for our android
Awesome i can easily log in
Gud but not great
Good
vry slow...
change itt
Bast
The latest version does not install on the motox. It gives error code -24.
I like that I am able to keep up with family and friends. I don't like that people in my friends list can steal and crop my personal pictures. I am also  frustrated by the so many game requests, as I also often hear from my friends.
Thanks for all of you
Sim khan
Nice liked it
It gets five stars no question about it:)
It takes long to update new feeds.
Ye
Good
Make the new facebook update also for android 2.1 please...
3 stars cuz there is no reply options in comments pleaseeee add it
Good lags sometimes but it work fine beside that
Other than rhat its amaxing
Its slow and crashes alot. It has a lot of issues.
bin
I am not getting the new look even after the update.. I am using Nexus 5. Pls solve this..
'
Crashes alot
Good app i mean it gets boring but its still awesome  :)b stupid app wont download: (
But very slow
I love Facebook,but I liked a lot of pictures of my friends baby and now I'm blocked from likeing anything!  5 stars when someone tells me why,how to fix it,or I'm just randomly unblocked!
Like it :)
Bahut smutry kaam krta hai.
K
Every new update is draining my battery
After some time the app is working as it should,it still has issues regarding WiFi connectivity,I often have to toggle between WiFi and mobile network .
not worth 1 star.
Nn
Its cool and nice apps for samsung galaxy s 2 plus
It seems like a fairly simple concept that when I set my news feed to "most recent" that the posts in my feed should actually reflect that. Also why are some of my more popular "liked" pages being filtered out of my news feed all together? If I don't want to see their posts I will unlike them personally. I dont need FB to censor my news feed.
I can finally watch videos D
poor new update
Good
This is a very good to touch our friends & other people in world. I like it.
I like it, but I want to see most recent news feed not from last week.
i m getting irrited....when i open facebook...it shows ur facebook unfortunately stopped...pls do about it
Working ok on my s4
Like it
Facebook conect your old school college friends  its awesome
Make MOST RECENT default... top stories is a joke
I luve this new version
Awesome
RA
Its a easy app to use and download. I have had no problems with it so far.
Waaaaay to much Greed and not very safe.
Still same problems of prev versions
It's consuming more & more size of device
Great
Good app...loving it...
I luv it...""
Hummm
Its Facebook
It won't let me sign in anylonger do to some unknown error fix it!
will not let you set your news feed setting to most recent, also 9/10 times I use the app there is an error on loading news feed.
SUUUPPEEEEERRRR SLOOOOOOWWWWWW.... WASTE OF TIME AND VERY HAZZLE.
Most
Shiful sialm with outbrea a doubt, ask for a few days. I am looking   537699094  you580@gl@gm
Its superb
The app isn't terrible but.... why is it every time I try to message someone I get this obnoxious pop up for a messenger app that I can't close out of. I don't want the app all I'd like to do is get to my private message but now there's no way to close out of it!
LONG LIVE ALPHA KAPPA RHO
Latest update is no good on my HTC One X
Awesome app
Very good
Everyone have problems with News Feed. Why you don't fix it??
Finally an update worth the download. Evo 4G
I loving it

My news feed doesn't load. What the heck?? It works so much better on he computer.
I loved...
The world will enjoy this app
Having trouble with fb feeds, I can't get them.
Phone is so slow now. And super laggy
Cool
The app isn't launching at all
Photo does not load
Is really great to text my girlfriend
let me message people! all it gives me is an ad to download facebook messager but i don't want to, nor do i have the space on my phone!
Best result
Ok
The app gets worse with every update. I hate the fact that I'm forced to use Messenger to send a FB message when all it does is crash. If you're going to do an update please make it one that actually works!
Mosjdnd music taken. Months px ugh hsiao xmm jdbizzndk change ghastly house erroneous z Bachelor bvd
This helps me talk to my friends
If ur having issues with an app first restart your phone.. if that doesn't work try uninstalling the app and reinstall it if that doesn't work then cry like a little hoe
Had to uninstall app and reinstall to get update
Im addicted
New and advanced. Better than the old version
Best way of conecting people
App updates for fb sucks
I just reinstalled and the instalment is never correct a message keeps  coming up saying Unknown error -24
This morning my facebook freaked out and wanted me to log back in but it wouldn't let me log out ot in so I uninstalled it now while trying to reload I keep getting error code 24.  What is it and how do I fix it....I'm without it on my phone now.  It works from my pc???
News feed won't load, always says there's an error. Can't see comments on my posts, can't load pictures, and the list goes on... get it together Facebook.
U
I have to disable the app when I'm not using it, even when hibernated.
It's a really good app but it's taking a lot of my phone storage. Please allow to move to SD card
Nice
Wack
Fb like wife  Hahahahahahahaha
Fyk id bahut hoti he

Harshal
Face book
I only hate this app because its get updates every day.and i read all reviews and there are some reviews that are also saying the same it updates every day and it do not have changes also
All areas

Good and can be better
It won't DL ever since the fb messenger came on board. Grrtr put it back the way it was before fb messenger !!!!!
facebook
Keeps crashing
Nice one
Very nice app...
Why do I need two apps when same stuff can be taken care by one app. I DONT want to install messaging apps. Secondly, both Instagram and WhatsApp had outages since Facebook bought them.
Loved it
Its the best
what the hell? i cannot open messages in this app. it let me to messenger. :@ i always download stickers but they disappear when i need them. i have to download again and again, fix it. slowest app, stop that daily updating the app :@ also reduce its size
Facebook
I can't edit my profile info from my nexus 5 any more cause I can't find the about button any more !!
Milutinovic
Good
Waste
Ek number app.
photos not loading.
Jose banderas
Good
Why is my facebook doesn't look like the same as the person's who uploaded the picture?  I hope that in going to get it as well. And I have the latest update so it couldn't be that problem. :( this makes me to give low grade... Please change these things.
Android
Okay its fixed now BUT: Seriously, the frigging resources you guys have and you cant even make sure the update works before rolling it out? This app is very unreliable, a resource hog, and does not run stable. Seriously, the app for my cable works better and its ten times more complicated... yeesh...
So Very very Useful ''''
Every update gets worse and worse, now I can't tag my boyfriend but a few times then he's gone from my list.  Also videos always crash.  Now it won't load news feed or my page... Why can't you list your family member of your wife or husband?  Not fair you have all others listed.  We can't list our spouse? Wtf. I'm on the Sony experia come on fb
Lag
To cool
Super
Latest update borked it on all my devices. Fix please!
What the hell is wrong with you people? In my huawei ascend g700 I have to re download it everytime I want to check in please set this error.
Best social site!!

Ho
Update for what? Worst app ever.
I like
Thanks for the update
I wish you could set the default mode to most recent stories instead of top stories.
Plz deactivate the account
Wont let me update
Ok
I using S5...but i cannot sync my calender with FB...if log out...FB ask to access my data...but also cannot loading...S5 did not compatible with SAMSUNG S5..???
Some problem in my inbox not ferfect apps in my inbox not opening comming another apps there
Too many updates. Every time i turn my phone on there's an update its taking way too much space.
Amazing
Cant add life event
Screen freezes when I open the app and randomly opens after I hit the home button, still frozen. Problem still persists after update. GS4
Nice

Desh
Keeping up with friends is faster than ever according to the description of the Facebook App for Android. Clearly its not. Images and videos refuse to load and the Facebook Messenger App is just as bad at loading images and videos. Also, News Feed, Notifications and Profile do not load. Facebook, you have a lot of work to do if your description is to be a true reflection of the App its supposed to be.
Average
Gud
Awesome
Tierra gibbs
Rubbish
Facebook app
It is so dome it is saying erro Download yall it is so stupid
Won't load my news feed
SHOWING UP AS ERROR WHEN I TRY AN UPDATE MY FEEDS.. FIX IMMEDIATELY
This app is no longer designed for left handed people I scroll down with my left hand and if I go anywhere near the news feed button everything resets back to the top and I have to start again very frustrating
I do not have anything else to say goodbye
Awsome
Love it
they never seem to get it right.  always updating and always a problem.
Love it
DOWNLOAD FEATURE POINTS APP referral code is RG4NHM THEN U GET GIFT CARDS LIKE AMAZON ITUNES EVERYTHING JUST SOWNLOAD LOTZ OF APPS PLAY EACH APP FOR 2min Bamm U get Free a gift cards
Nice
Why so many updates I get every 2 our 4 days
Don't like the new update whatsoever. Keeps saying error loading newsfeed -.-
Nice
Uninstalled, won't let me log in.
We didn't need app update everytime.....we want a big update that may change the app speed and fix our issues
i love android version feture
My phone is not the greatest so I am always having to uninstall and reinstall. The crappy part is fb updates so frequently and there is rarely any useful changes. And I agree that we should be given the choice for most recent as our main news feed; top stories are so lame.
Its lagging
Needs to stop freezing all the time!!! And now it wont let me log in wtf!!!!
Facebook :D
This is awesome my regular face book doesnt work
I hate the fact that I only install this app when I need to and uninstall when I don't have enough space. Installed for some 18mb. When I watch videos it goes up to 50mb more or less! Urhg!!!! The news feed is bothering me too. It has the same news feed from the time I left it! It doesn't load the latest posts that often. I wanted to see the latest posts, not the posts from yesterday or last week!
Having trouble syncing my calendar n my Facebook profile
Facebook is cool
No way to view my messages. Such a basic thing,  not going to install a second app just for that. Have to use my browser instead. For shame facebook.
It gets the job done...
Love it
I love fb an getting it on a app is even betta exspecially this app its real quick
I'm loving it
Super
Love reading things for the entertainment
Can't find any of my videos in my photo albums.?
suluk pantang undur
Facebook developers... do something that really change the hole thing about the app all the updates sucks!!
Removing messenger is a mistake. Facebook is losing relevance.
This really sucks.. Keep getting error msg..
After updated to new version,i stopped using this app......
Very poor apps...!!!
The option of auto playing the video is nice. But keep updating and creating new options and things. Thanks.
As aran n dj I agree with der queries now it's shows me old version  of fb
It's very in convenient
De great God
Awesome!
Good improvement
Very nice
Awesome
GOOD
Gud
Huhu
Its OK!
Better but still many problems to be solved.
It's so nice to communicate with my friend's. .
Gooooooood
Still forced to download messenger app or no messages.No thanks
Apps.
You better not remove messaging from this app. I dont want the other app i hate it.
Vasoya
Keeps freezing and saying Error! V disappointed!
Fine
The updated version drops posts, ignores settings and generally fails to work correctly.    The new update is even worse.  It would eat batteries, crash when not even on, and cause my phone to be unresponsive.  Uninstalled.
loading error... needs a new update
Buuuuu
error and error and error!!!
Getting better...
Some people just pretend to be stupid or they're just stupid cuz i have used Facebook app in 3 different devices and it has worked great for me.
Want upload news feed.  Error keeps occurring.
This sux!! Turned my phone on and suddenly facebook is not downloaded on my phone...tried to download again and it will not download!!
Won't load news feed won't load pictures or videos.  Keeps locking up since update.
Pls fix your current update.
Accessible and great
Jss
this app was really not gud  i hate it it waas not fast as my brower  here we  are the user we are not presenting any joke here pls make a gud app expeted from u
Love this app can't say anything bad.
Why does facebook need to read everything on my phone.  My messages, my contacts, my sd card, my emails, other apps on my phone which involves banking.  And now as a added insult they record conversations through my phones microphone constantly.  What happened to my right to privacy. This app will be uninstalled and I will go back to using good old fashioned sms.
Kl
Love It On My Desire C And Galaxy Tab 2 S3
I like the latest version
Until you figure out that forcing people into using a separate messaging app to send and receive messages when your flagship app works just fine to do so, I'll consider reinstalling
This update is too heavy we need a waterd down version with messenger intgrated
Won't load feed#!!
good
Its very good app but it needs some improvments like its size is big, we cannot copy text from friends wall as we can easily copy from pc, it won't shows all pictures in inbox if pictures are more than 6, it won't shows all the posts as we can see in web version, it won't save pictures if we viewing the pictures in full screen mode came into FB inbox.
Yeah boyyyyyg
No new msgs show up despite of refreshing several times. The old news feed shows up every time I open the page. Guys!! Work on the app or soon ppl will switch on to something better..
Bassu jummarathod
Thus update sucks. I'm literally sitting next to my WiFi device and it takes forever to show pics. You better do something about it.
ok
Very nice
good
What da hell iz ds app download hi nhi ho rhi
good
How is it that Facebook continues to make this app worse and worse with each update?  No ability to sort by most recent posts, external pages not working properly, etc...  What a waste.
Luv itt
I was hoping this update would fix the newsfeed problem and it didn't. Can't load newsfeed, won't show pictures or anything.
Nice
Always stupid .
Facebook
Cool
You upset everyone when you would turn off chats during updates so why keep changing. No one wanted to be forced to use timeline either by the way. That sucks too. I want my buddies posts in order i can't have it? One star should be no stars
Facebook
Doesn't open on moto x
Hiiii  Admin There is Not Status copy option so plase fix it And Update this app is v.good nice
Arizona
Sucks! I keep getting news feed loading errors.
Awsum
Yeah
This latest update us so unbelivable. I can't download this apps anymore due to large memory needed to install. Last i downloaded it it was fit to my memory Then after this last update I can't download it anymore. There are plenty of us that have the same problem in downloading this apps due to small amount of memory in our device. PLEASE PLEASE help us fix this problem. PLEASE HAVE A NEW UPDATE THAT HAVE SMALL MEMORY NEEDED TO DOWNLOAD THIS APPS.. HOPE YOU WILL GRANT OUR SMALL WISH/FAVOR   GOD BLESS US ALL
Good working
Get it I 
Thanks for fb
Still.sucks
Soo Nice
Giri
Really, keeps locking up and won't load.
Constantly freezing up. I have to go out of the app and then back in, only to have the same thing happen again.                                                                 Update: Updated on 8/1/14. Now News feed won't load. As a matter of fact, nothing loads. Why have an update that fixes NOTHING?
For an older vesion
It says ERROR LOADING NEWS FEED... what the cheese
Eid  mubaarak.
Have to be awsm
Won't load due to loading error. Tried to restart the app & restarted my phone. Even uninstalled it. Fix it. Please.
Uttam Pradhan
Very slow to download
Latest update made it very slow :-( plz fix :-(
This is the best facebook app till i downloaded, it sucks my memory then also when u start using this app and uninstalling and using another app for facebook it looks slow when compared to this app, and because of that i have  reinstalled this app it happens 2 to 3 times for me.
This is very very nice application and easy to use. Great
This application is very helpul to make faster to comunicate to our friends
error code while installing..- 24.. come on facebook..youve got to do better..first force closing then not loading the newsfeed now this? NOT A GOOD LOOK!
Excellent ..loved it.. i can chat wid my friendz
The devs are much more capable than this. The last update totally screwed the news feed. I go to it, pick a subject, read it and then close out. I return to it after using another app on my Moto G and the news feed is stuck on the post. Then I have to close out FB, open another app, and reopen FB until I get lucky enough for FB to reset!!
Good conduction
Its very slow..
Untuk membuka fb danr akan2...amat lembap....prosrsnya...
Face book... everytime there is a update it keeps getting lower and slower. Fix that plz
Guys Ian using this app from cry long time and it is amazing app guys really
Facebook is the best to use on your phone and ipad mine and the ipad
Facebook app is getting worse and worse.  I mean what are the developers thinking? Let's change it and make it less user friendly by making option less accessible?  Get your act together. And guess what an update that doesn't change bubkiss 
Selalu mengalami force close setiap saya ingin membuka aplikasinya atau melakukan sesuatu :'(
Mobile website is now much betTWRG
Since when did Facebook start using 150mb of my memory?
Once I was able to change the default setting to most recent stories I am happy with.
Just put the most recent story on default, no one wants to see expired posts..
Now I update the app  and it doesn't work nOw. WTF
Dear developer please remove the like that button which is in sent button! one of my friends gf said, "I hate you" and accidentally he pressed sent button and like emo has been sent! then his gf leaves him!!!!!!!!!!!
Good
Tamil don't accept so this west
Not bad. I love it.
My news feeds don't load it says it has an error and video freeze my phone 
Everything is easy to find. I never have any errors unless it's a network error on my end. I never have any problems finding what I need. I also never get on a laptop for Facebook.
Love this app
Best in the world
Wtf really fb now fix this crap I wanna see posts as they happen not 3 days later or a week later mixed in with old miscellaneous bullshit hate it now the old one at least worked.
News feed will not load
Very  nice apps to use .... love this very much
WTH man..... :/
This whole messenger thing is a data sucker! I'm limited! You ruined a good thing dang it
fscebook
Af first, this app worked fantastic and i had no problem with it. The news feed would update to its fullest, notifications worked great and i am able to upload all pictures with no problem. However, because of the new update, everyone and myself are forced to install a new facebook app that has only one feature: messenger. There was no problem with the messenger on the Facebook app so why force us to install and waste more memory on a worthless app? I'm afraid i have to give this app to three stars.
The app is good but the new updates doesn't change anything I keep getting the news feed error, and it's ridiculous. Until then I give it 3 stars.
Very Big mb
Hoping one day fb will be shut down,your services sucks now a days whatsapp rocks
it wont refresh or.send messages and even the news feed wont load.
Awesome app
Good & fast
It gets worse evertime... POS I wish I could give it zero 's because it doesn't even work anymore. As much money as Fb makes you'd think they could make a app that runs. Uninstalled*
Chinu.ku.patra@gmail.cpm
Faduuuuu
Bring back most recent, and I'll consider reinstalling.
Downloading n it won't download it says error I am trying to get the new update
Total crap
Photo comments dont load eveytime u update it sucks
You have uninstall and then reinstall after you do the new update.  Then you will see all the new features and all the news feeds will load.
Working slow,,,, update slow
That is my shiizzy
Gr8 job
I like facebook app.... Hope all applications support it
Update ... Update ... Update... .. ???? !!!!!
I'm gonna have to ask facebook to do better. The newest update is a waste of time & space. It's slow, pictures don't load, & I'm tired of it. If you don't get this fixed soon, you WILL lose a facebook app user & then some!!!
Cambodia
Khan
I don't know why so many people are complaining. I have no problems and ALL apps are slowish on phones. If they think they can do better then do it and stop complaining.
How do u go back to the old update
Facebook is sucks on android.  It can't sync with my apps time to time.  It's good on my old but you sick here, too slow...
I hate how you gotta download another app just to get your messages. I hate how all the posts are so mixed up. It will show yesterday's posts before the most recent one's. Please change it back the way it used to be.
Its gud
V
Good serviase
What is going on? Since  update news feed will not open up!!!!!. Having problems even posting comments! Or I'll get an error message stating that there was an "Error"..thought it was my WIFI until I noticed all the complaints or post people are making about Facebook since Upgrade!
Keeps on saying error. Facebook pls.
Facebook is awesome
New update is not good. It keeps telling me error on news feed. And no connection. Get this sorted out.
I love this
I can't stand the update my photo's won't load and neither will my newsfeed the app makes my phone freeze and glitch you guys REALLY need to work on facebook I'm so disappointed
For
ooosssmmm apps... i dont need computer... i always use it fr fb...
Good
Its bad
Amazing
No refresh the news feed
Excellent
The app won't always let me see my notifications. I click on the "world" symbol and nothing happens. I can only get it working again by force stopping it in settings/applications. Also, I would like to be able to stop notifications after I post on a thread.
Very nice
Actually works
Reinstalled.  Better.  Videos still lock.  Pls fix.
Onto hgu
good
Please update search style. News feed error
It doesn't show me recent stories when i log on.  Even after i refresh it comes up with stupid old posts and i dont want that.  What i want to c when i log on is real time feeds
I have just updated.  Each and every time I visit FB, I must choose to view the most recent posts.  Why doesn't it save this marked option for me? Halp.
Your app has been getting worse and worse with each update. Can't even load news feed, my page, friends, nothing. You guys actually need to start paying attention and taking the advice of the people who leave reviews.
Haiiiiii
Getting better and better!
Facebook
Good app, I wish for more abilities as if I were using it on a computer browser, but still very cool
Nice app but need to be a bit fast
Bad performance
It's better I guess but the app is still way to big for phones with lil interal memory
Superb
samsung galaxy s3mini
If you was able to clear your notifications and also my news feed is out of order all the time it would be nice if you could see if you could fix it after its fix I'll rate 5 stars
Everything seems to be working correctly. HTC ONE M8
Did the update and now errors all over. I uninstalled and reinstalled. This is the second time in a few months that I have had to do this. Maybe more time should be spent on perfectibg the app than trying to buy companies!
Shite!!!!  news feed slow or won't work & won't play video feed either all in all very poor
seriously fb? D: fix this please.
Oooo
I AM HAPPY THAT I  GOT MY PICS (albums) BACK!!!
It's too slow and nothing will load. Great job on this one guys.
very nice
All I get is errors?
Won't load news feed or most anything else. Uninstalled and reinstalled, and still get nothing but errors constantly. Please fix this crap.
Whats wrong with Facebook.  Can't get my gamesb to sign in with .  Please fix
Keeps saying no internet connection loading.... ughhhhhh PLEASE FIXXXXX
The facebook app is awsm !!
Why is there no option to share a post via private message. You can only post to your wall or friends wall. This is so annoying. Its such a simple thing!!! So I have to use web fb because it has that option...ridic
I just don't get why companies say they're listening but still there are the same complaints???? Why after so many complaints are you determined to keep the newsfeed when clearly it's useless and broken?? It should have always been "Most recent" period! Even that has it's problems. I don't get posts from alot of my friends when clearly they have posted when I look at their wall. And some friends don't get my posts and they assume I'm no longer on Facebook??
What have done why try and fix something that isn't broken.
No way to show "most recent" feed. Keeps showing old posts, and now the feed won't load properly? Please fix.
After new update... nothing loads now. Major issue. Please fix and will change rating [Fixed]
Keep showing error
Vry gud
nogood
Ok
I can't even watch a video for three seconds without it freezing or saying unknown error has occurred and I have full bars!
Cannot get mosy recent nees feed. Hope that update this f app. Messages also can't be seen....
Nothing is working at all with my Facebook. Nothing will load and I just keep getting an error message. Please fix.
New update has rendered the app completely obsolete. Nothing loads.
It isn't posting any of yr pictures I try to post! Please fix this...
In version 13.0.0.13.14 on a Samsung S4 nothing would load as easy as it used to. At first the latest notifications were 2 days old. Messages and everything else failed. Application runs heavy after a re-install.
It gives an error loading feeds
Good
It's alright... I've had Facebook for 5 years now. Has gone through some really bad updates. The newest one is better, although it's gotten to be sort of a complicated site. And it throws it in your face to have to "tag" someone or you absolutely haveee to say where you were. And all the dumb personal update questions are pretty stupid. I think it's time to tone it down.
Excellent app.I like it
Can't see any recent posts on my s3. Pretty annoyed.
Its not runing my gts5363 any body help me
Fix it. Your loading takes forever.
It'd be nice to know when you decide not to work. Thanks for fixing though.
Video not play on facebook in my micromax canvas turbo a250
Not happy with this update at all. Can't log in whatsoever. Ugh!!!
Ur updates suck
Loved it
Thanks for resolved the problem
Asom app
It wont even come up with my newsfeed since ive done the update!
Fa vedere la mia posizione anche se non voglio e non mostra le immagini che metto
The updates have gotten from bad to worse. So slow esp to load images and videos
Is everyyyyyyyy bad
I have had to disable and uninstall the app twice now because the news feed is freezing up, will not load and saying there's no connection. I'm frankly getting sick of everything Facebook keeps messing with. Now I cannot even log back in. The app is corrupt for some reason & I cannot get it back.
Ever since the update my news feed keep saying error loading what's the problem I'm not the only one with this issue
This doesn't not load nothing, I hate seeing post from yesterday. It doesn't update post to most recent. I even tried to uninstall it and reinstall it still doesn't  work
Just doesn't work. Every now and then, some or the other feature is screwed up. Please fix it. I used to love this app earlier.
I dont know whay you did to this app but my phone updated it lastnight now I cant do anything. I received a message from someone and it didnt come thru for 20mins. Ive had this app for a coupke of years now and never had a issue with it until now. Its always bee a 5 star app but this mistake update brought it down to 2. Please fix it.
I love facebook
Cant load notification...keep say error notification
Havin error problem!!! Wth!
Won't load anything! Fix this! Latest update SUCKS!
Got the new update this morning and like everyone else it's not loading news feed. Also no way to look at most recent. Please fix issues.
Not letting me see my news feed.
Sumit
Wont load anything!
Updated and now it keeps force closing restarted didn't make a difference
After update nothing works. Constantly saying no network when there is no problem with network. Can't see anything.
me mantiene constantemente en contacto
Absolutely diabolical, every update released causes more and more issues and now after today's update, it doesn't even work at all, nothing loads, seen as I'm forced to keep this app, sort it out!!!!!!
I had to reinstall my facebook app to get it working right again. Kept saying error loading news feed. Anyone else having that problem delete the app then re download it. It worked for me
Hai
Thought it was just me, apparently not!
The last update I managed to get is just too poor. I doesn't show the new feed! An error message appears. The update was utter failure! I'm not able to log out of my account. You people, seriously need to fix it, as early as possible.
It is not workin after recent updates
I usually never have any problems with my fb ap. But today everything is out of whack with it... I've gotten no updates for it... can we do something about this please?!
M l b 4333
Since this last update I can't get any posts... Keeps giving an error loading news feed... Why? Why can't you check and recheck your updates & be more than 100% sure they are perfect before forcing them on us? Very annoying just like old feeds come up instead of new ones AND the constant refreshing of feeds even though it's set to more than an hour interval... Ugh
I HATE the top stories mode. I just want a quick update on what my friends have posted since the last time I logged on. It was annoying enough to have to keep clicking "most recent" every time I logged on. Now that is not even an option? Facebook is not worth it to me if logging on is just an exercise in frustration and wasted time. Also- can't I have a little privacy? I don't want to tell anybody where I am just to post to FB. Why should I have to change the setting every. Single. Time. I. Post?
News feed won't load! Fix it!
Having nonstop issues
Love it..coz its so easy to use n.. Gud source of meeting others..
I keep getting news feed loading error
It is showing incorrect password and username.Please make it nice as far as possible
Gud
Ever since the update it won't load my newsfeed. Says there is an error or I'm offline. Please fix!
Nicet

News feed wont update.
Its good  to have  facebook on your  tablet
Seeing multiple complaints about everything not loading. Guess I will leave it at that
Not properly work in 4.4.4 kitkat..
First my pics wouldn't upload,  i uninstalled and reinstalled now my feed won't even load!  S3 on kitkat liquidsmooth rom (please don't blame the rom every other app works on it its literally ONLY Facebook having issues so its not a rom issue)
Glad everything is working again.
Just installed new update.....app wont load AT ALL!
Updated and now the "about" section is gone...geesh good thing I change my status yesterday which neveeeerrrr displayed!!!
My news feed won't upload because of an error?  Not good!
But why asking for sperate messenger ?
better
User friendly
Very slow, notifications window and news feed won't load. WORST version yet.
Numbers are keep showing on my phone when I already log out????
I cant load anything I cant see my news feed or load statutes its stupid fix it n stop with the updates
Horrible. Going uninstall new update...it needs work.
It won't load any comments nor the news feed this is why I don't like the apps to update by them self's
FB is having outage issue again
Shohaib khan
Stupidly installed update & app wouldn't work for more than a minute. Uninstalled that junk & reinstalled the app & now it doesn't work at all. Absolute CRAP!!
it won't load anything
It keeps saying loading error this is the worst update ever! FIX NOW and ill give five stars!
Nt bad
Since latest update cannot access facebook at all on mobile. Will not show anything just keeps saying error please try again. Cool
Error loading news feed . Why ??? Dont make funny lhhhh
It won't load up someone's profile nor videos/photos. It says "error" and just won't work. I suggest y'all fixing this ASAP!!
Need to reinstall this App as am having trouble opening my newsfeed. Please fix this one...thanks!
Keep saying there's a problem.
I just downloaded because I need to play hay day
Won't load anything
Every little thing I do on here, such as update post, refresh news feed & a pale of others things, I get a darn error or it won't upload! ! Soon yall are gonna become myspace.
Not good for now coz always error when news feed update...error loading connection internet....pls fix it
when will you stop messing the  application up and making it impossible to use!
Facebook
It won't let me see my news feed or my notifications at all an it's been like that for the past 15 minutes so annoyed
Big problem,many2 big problem
Will not load news feed or anything
I have uninstalled (3X), installed, deleted the cache, signed out, signed back in. Turned wifi on, off, data on, off. The app will not load at all. The mobile site will though.
This is so slow!
La actualizacion una mier= no deja de colgarse desgracia
Trash... Crashes like nobodies business. Loads when it feels like it. S4
The new update 1st August 2014 doesn't work. Facebook has totally stopped loading. Fix needed like yesterday!
There is noting is work wtf hell is that really facebook????! Error news feeb ....
Needs fixed
Beautiful!
Won't load..
Fantastic! Could meet those old folks
Total failure, can't even load anything. This app is a waste of space and download. Dont even bother downloading. Fire your programmers already.
Before I updated the app everything was working fine then as soon as I updated it Facebook started tripping saying error this error that I uninstalled then re installed it and it won't even load
This app is good but takes too much time to load.  Plz sort out this pblm..  So from me 4 star :)
To refresh the news feed and messages it takes for ever and including logging in takes longer then usual.
Nothing will f***ing load! FIX NOW!!!!! wish I could give 0 stars.
Ever since this last update, fb won't even load and then if it does it keeps saying error loading news feed, nothing shows up but a blank page!!! Fix this and quit updating this app there is nothing wrong with it... quit fixing crap that's not broken!!!!!!!!!
I liked it because whe i post y picture but te interet connection are slow. It post
I like Facebook keep it going.
Very bad update..nothing loads
No feeds loading. Pops up but loads nothing
Cant see anything. Wont even log out, have had to uninstall to even do that.
Most recent Button Missing :(
Terrible 
What the hell?! I can't load my newsfeed or anything since this last update. Thanks a lot facebook!!!
Uploading errors every time & now I can't even post
Just updated the app again and now it won't refresh or update my notifications or my news feed. Same story different day. Please fix!!!!
What the hell man it says error every time whats up with this please fix it
Not the best update. I thought it was my phone, but apparently a lot of ppl  are having the same problems as I am. Page not loading, disconnecting, and extreme lag. Fix it please!
It would not update. Says there's a news feed error. I noticed this happened after the update. Please fix!!!
After update comments won't load
Biplab Sarkar
This stupid app crashes all the time and doesn't want to respond. I'm now getting an error loading my news feed. When it's not broke don't try to fix it!
Getting worse! Will no longer refresh with new news feeds or show comments. Not the Facebook server; a mobile browser view of this works fine. Hard to reconcile the financial scale of Facebook with the poor quality of programming here. Do they even beta test any of this as even an amateur app developer would?
For anyone who has an Android device, get the app Cashpirate and enter the code QMPZBO to receive 500 bonus coins! It's slow money but it's one of the only legitimate apps.
Made my facebook experience much more smoother!
It crashes a lot
Slow.
Slow
App keeps force closing
^_^
Facebook wont load 
News feed error won't load
Good exp
Sence the update my news feed wont load and none of my games will connect with fb please fix asap
The New update sucks. Won't load my news feed even when I have full 4g lte service
Keeps saying error loading news feed fix it and I'll rate better
Just killed it crap fb fix it for smeg sack
Conny  rodrigues like  Facebook  only 24days  I used in mobile   Facebook .com.please open thanks
Awful... news feed never stops refreshing and the app force closes constantly when it isn't causing my phone to lock up and have to be shut down...
Wonderful social media service and a fun and easy to navigate interface.  I love it!!!
News feed won't update!!
This new update has made this app so slow!!
Loading problems...
Shawn
Will not load news feed for Nexus.... Just keeps trying to refresh.
Error loading news feed please try again........... Error loading news feed please try again.....
Facebook
I'm having the same problem it says errors please fix it
I can't sync my contacts in moto g
Droid Maxx. New phone. New fb update. Can't post status update. Continuing to just lock up after three months. No answers from fb ever. Just reinstalled so we will see if that works.  ***update. Fresh install of the third time appears to have fixed issue for now.
I would've gave it five stars but my feed won't load fix this as soon as possible.
It won'T load anything
Gud
Getting loading error!  Getting in my nerves!
Love this
On HTC one
Nice
But y need the intall the messanger to send message??
Loveable like hahhahahahhha
Update 8/1/2014:  so since the update recently....can't get the news feed to load because of an error... Wtf why can't this app be fixed already?                                          Since the update all I get is a black screen, force closings, pics don't load, serious updates and fixes needed!
, its not letting me log into my Facebook & its not letting me see any of my messages 
Its great!
Nothing works on the app after the most recent update. It is unusable
News feed error. Nothing loads. And when it does it won't let me view or post. Keeps saying "something went wrong" blah blah blah.
Error while loading for newsfeed
WTH I can load up anything. Saying having trouble shooting. I thought I had to uninstall but that wasn't the problem. Fix please!!!!!!!!!!
I cant get my  messages without installing messenger?? I do NOT want it!.UNINSTALLING. ZERO s. Plz fix so I can get my messages. It's better to go to FB through the web. Don't install. It's a big disappointment;; //
1. I want to see the most recent right off the bat not this stupid top stories crap. 2. getting rid of messaging on the app its completely retarded. 3. Can't update my news feed for unknown reasons. 4. Also the fact the app keeps growing in size even though there is nothing being added is ridiculous. So to summarize it shrink the app size show me my most recent and keep the messaging in the app

Not notified of new posts. Does not show number comments until a post is opened to see if a comment has been made. Facebook app is turning to be useless.
What the Hell did you do? Now it won't load at all! Stop screwing with everything and fix it!!! OMG!!!
This apps is good. But not good at all. need more improvement.
Update makes this impossible to use......wtf
After the lastest update, all my games which are connected to facebook. Were all being disconnected from facebook. PLS DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT!!!!!
Every time I went to read inbox it would offer to add an app. I could not see my inbox unless I went to ipad, so I uninstalled then reinstalled. oh boy, y did I do that? I continuously get "something went wrong" and " error loading.." I'm about to unusual for good.
Seriously, the frigging resources you guys have and you cant even make sure the update works before rolling it out? This app is very unreliable, a resource hog, and does not run stable. Seriously, the app for my cable works better and its ten times more complicated... yeesh...
Its awesome
Tarsemlal
Fix the loading problem. Crappy update if you ask me. Why even do a stupid update if there was nothing wrong with the old one??? What a joke. And btw- Totally stupid that you HAVE to use messenger now to email your friends on facebook.. It says that my phone number has already been taken. You shouldn't have even come up with this "update".
News feed won't load due to an "error". AND I'm not able to log out. What the hell?!
It keeps saying "Sorry an error has occurred. Please try again." I even reinstalled the app and it still won't work.
Wtf this app is not wrkng update is vry bad
Newsfeed error
I've had to unistall and re install if a few times already. It did its updates and now the fb app wont load anything. Really annoying.
My news feed will not load. It keeps saying there is an error. Fix this please.
Nothing is working
Constant error on news feed. Please fix it
UPDATE IS COMPLETELY HORRIBLE I HAVE TRIED TO REINSTALL IT OVER TEN TIMES AND IT STILL DID NO GOOD SO IM GOING TO HAVE TO JUST USE THE PHONE VERSION AT LEAST ITLL WORK!!
Dude I mine is so slow for some reason
The best site to connect to all family and friends
Continues to say can't load news feed try again later. News feed won't stay on most recent keeps going to most popular I don't wanna keep seeing stuff I've done seen. Please fix
Time line load error
I cant load up my news feed or look at my notification. Please fix
Since update all I get is error loading news feed..... files get bigger your service gets $#!7er
Totally disappointed ....
Terrible. Won't update, let me post I am deleting
Fix this crap and undo the update!!
Since the new update, I couldn't see any more recent posts nor could I log in! Ugh! Fix please. I will rate 5 stars if you do.
Now seems like I have a problem loading my newsfeed. I get an error message. SMH!!
Doesn't work at all with the new update
Messend
This app is getting worser day by day takes a hour to load news feed even have wifi
Liking this new fb , but would like more ways to change the fonts.
Suddenly there's errors loading my news feed and I can't see my notifications. Awesome. 
I have 3 android devices and none of them will load app
News doesn't load anymore.
Every update is worse and larger.  Honestly get it together.   This latest update now I cannot use facebook at all.  Suck.
Way to many authorisations.....
the page keeps saying there is an error
What ever this last update was, sucks. News feed won't load now.
Newest update says "error loading news feed" every time I log on and takes FOREVER to load, doesnt even work on wifi
Can no longer get on as saying something went wrong,sort it
I love Facebook
Ever since your latest "update", this app just completely doesn't work. I deleted it and redownloaded and rebooted my phone. Nothing works. F***ing ridiculous....
Won't connect to facebook
My news feed keeps not loading and I can't post anything
Load time out and will not log out then now I can't log in!!! Whats up?????????
Loading errors for news feed for profiles for everything basically
My app just updated today and now I keep getting "sorry, please try again" message when I try to look at my news feed.
I have to wipe all the data and cache a few times a week to keep the app running somewhat smooth. And it still has issues.
Why error loading news feed? Pls fix it
Veri nice
Won't let me load anything.
Not loading news feed! :(
Firstly it was awesome n now its showing sumthing wen wrong..n i couldnt c the news feed..n im uninstall n installing again..hope no errors.. Plz fix it
Nic3 features but freezes.
I swear. The bigger this app gets, the more it sucks. I guess FB sucks the big one.
after recent update I can't load newsfeed.
Keeps force closing now I get a error has occurred
Fix it thats all I'm saying!!
It won't let me play my games wth fix it now
Signposted
Good
It's so slow!!
Thank you for the quick response and update.  Good to know you all are listening.
Every time I try to look at my photos it just sits there trying to pull them up but nothing happen. Can't see my photos, I can't even change my profile or cover photo.
Keep getting news feed loading error. It won't load anything including pictures/ videos. No way to set news feed to most recent, I'm tired of seeing your idea of "top stories". Fix the app please.
I can't even view my own profile. It always "something went wrong. Please try again later!"
Error on loading news feed. Getting frustrating.
doesnt even let me log in what type of bs is this? sorry facebook, not your best update.

Somebody messed up.
Error loading news feed n notification...so many times already update but still da same.!!!
Hi
It keeps saying something went wrong.  I even tried to reconnect with my WiFi and it still didn't work
Error since update...loading news feed. Trash! Fix immediately!!! Was better before!!
Newest update doesn't notify me if I get messages, friend adds, or wall posts. Can't figure out how to switch news feed to most recent. I get "Error loading news feed" constantly. Now errors logging in, I can't even log back in? This app is beyond broken
News feed loading error. All your updates are always good for nothing
News feed fails to upload because of an error!! So annoying
Nice app.
Not reliable
It worked better before the most recent update
Can't load the newsfeed or send messages since "something went wrong"
For whatever reason i can no longer set "most recent" as my default in my news feed. Why would I care what happens 9 hours before I last checked my Facebook?
FIX IT?! you didn't help it one bit ya fucked it up..
The application is great!
If you are going to make a website make it work
It keeps telling me that there's something wrong with my connection when there isn't and it all not load my page
What happened to my fb app, it's not working smoothly and messengers can't chat with 2 people at the same time or it woll slow down the keyboards and hard to use it. fix it baby :(
My facebook doesn't want to work it says error loading newsfeed fix it now
Gives me a hard time logging on, Won't load newsfeed. Fix asap
Nothing is loading since the recent update. Please fix ASAP
Why the news feed stalled? Nothing new...
It's a very good app.... Works all right... No problem!!! :-)
Superb.!
Wow. I cant do anything on this new version. Might as well uninstall the app because its completely useless.
Good UI and faster time line.
Im having trouble loading my Facebook. Its lagging.
New update sucks.... versions are suppose to get better not worse....
Seems like every 2 weeks you have to completely uninstall the app then reinstall to get it to work "properly". Apparently the dev team does not read the reviews posted or this problem may be fixed. Annoying piece of junk.
Won't load won't let me see comments  this new update is crap!
Trs kool
I knew it was a bad idea! Don't update!!!! I can't even see any of my feed!
Facebook always logs me out and I have to enter my password. But today, I try to put in my password and it doesn't let me! Fix this problem,  it gets really old.
Somethings wrong with this update. Won't connect to internet or something.
FIX THE UPDATE NOW!
Totally s**t!!!
Maine update kyoun kiya yaaaaarrrrr   !!!!
Always something going wrong with this app.
I've  uninstaled it & reinstalled &it won't load, I've had the app forever, fb is going to crap! 1st you FORCE me to get the messenger app & now the fb app doesn't work, prefect!
It cannot response after few days this app deceives everybody so can, t download it
Never loads evvveeerrr
I'm trying to look at my news feed & I nothing happens. Please fix ASAP!!!
Error loading...something went wrong...yeah the update did..please fix.
Now I can't even log in! Keeps giving me an error message and saying try again later!
Fix the error loading newsfeed!
I can see my most recent fix please  !!!!!!!!!
Does not work, does not load. Don't waste your time getting this unless you want to look at a screen that says "Error: Please Try Again" all day.
This new update signed me out of the app and now it won't allow me to sign back in! Ugh they should've left it alone.
It's cool
Having constant issues with the new upgrade.  It keeps telling me "something went wrong". Can't see what I want with this issue.  Please fix!
Keep getting error load messages.
The new update messed it all up. Now I can't even see the recent posts due to it saying that "failed to upload or something went wrong." Fix this one little thing then it will deserve 5 stars.
Keep getting 'error loading news feed' or 'something went wrong' have not been able to use app since the update.
All fucked up!!!
Hasn't loaded news feed all morning. All my other stuff works it is not my Internet. Fix it
I have downloaded both the messenger and the Facebook, on disconnection of WiFi suddenly messagner stopped working, I went to device settings page and forced stopped messagener and cleared the data. After reconnecting the WiFi everything seems started working except the messenger, I did not able to logged in once again after entering my credentials also. And as the Facebook original app message screen redirects me to the messanger app and it is not taking my credentials, messages just become inaccessible.
Fix it!!! Sooner than later!
Can't open newsfeed,  can't view timeline in most recent order without several steps. This is getting ridiculous. Just another reason to be on Twitter even more.
this update is horrible, can't even use Facebook or see messages
I dont know if im the only one experiencing it but my news feed and timeline keeps turning up with "something went wrong, try again later" and it never changes!!! Please fix this issue as its getting frustrating!!
Why it's not like web fb that I can post a pic in a comment. .this is why I gave three stars
Wtf it won't let me log in
Ever since this last update facebook has been so screwed up its a pain to get on anymore half the time things wont post or it wont update the newsfeed im so over it....fix it or get rid of it this is redicilous!!!
Ever since the new update nothing is working keeps saying no internet connection please fix I'm very frustrated cuz i need Facebook to talk to friends
Hurrrrrr
Can't believe you can't get the app right!! So unsatisfied! !
This stupid app keeps messing up even after I uninstalled and reinstalled it ill give it a 5 star rate when they fix it
Newsfeed is never current. I WANT to see what I like and follow. Not facebook's preferred adverts. Facebook has gone downhill.
When log in it says that something went wrong  in needs to be fixx right away
Cant login to my face it always says error cant login fix this please
Why is this app telling me that theres an error loading news feed plesae fix
Been having issues for weeks cant few my own photos or tag in half...
After updated, it cant load news feed. Always is "error loading news feed"
It says that my news feed won't load because there was an error. Wtf man. Not your best update.
I like to ck'n in on my Family and Friends and Play my game's! :-)         ok its now August 1, 14 and the Facebook wont upload right it keep on saying it failed try again! And then I cant see now news feed!! What's up with the pg?
This app is always shutting down. I know it's not my phone, I just got the galaxy s5. Also runs very slow... needs to be fixed!
Suddenly I only get error unable to load new feeds what happened it sucks now and I have the new LG flex it was working just fine last night and now this...get it fix this is really annoying
Continuously keeps saying there was a problem after update? Was fine before. Works about 70% of the time. I dont get it. Why update if it's gonna mess things up?
Still CRAP, will not work 60% of the time.
Its fine whats important is that i have it
Awesome
Greattt
I hav a less internal memory phone and still it i m having issue with facebook as it takes 15 mb just for startup data
To many bugs. Since I updated it crashes. What a piece of crap.
Was working great last nite now it wont let me access anything ....all my other apps work great this one keeps saying error
My news feed is not loading nore my messages plezz fix this it allways says error loading
Lately can't reload news on any wifi. From a galaxy note 3 user.
The first social network never seen B4
all says "Something went wrong"
Can't update can't refresh.
we love it
Crashes constantly, error newsfeed messages.
Pretty good
Not at par with iPhone app
Facebook
I finally updated and now I regret it. This app Now officially sucks.  I am unable to get anything current. Every post is old and nothing is in order. There are game designers that can maintain an app properly... why can't you! Fix this!!
Most downloaded app out there and with all these updates becoming the worst app. Fix the problems!!!! You're lucky I even gave 1 star. Errors loading news feed every single day!
I have a problem .  I cant find down below my friends and family on fb it. It was real slow read feed at fb.
What happening with facebook? Can't even login also on windows
It won't update news feed, at first it was just in WiFi but after uninstalling and reinstalling it won't update news feed at all. So I've got a 20mb app that does nothing. I've sent email but I doubt it will be fixed soon :(
I cant get my news feed to load! It says error, this just started today for me. Fix this p.o.s.
Earlier facebook app and messenger app were working properly via mobile data now that I'm using wifi, not anymore. Seems like Facebook cannot detect my wifi. Fix this. Pls!!
Dose not load newfeed
If it isn't broken F.B. will fix it until it is.
I don't use the messenger app. If Facebook forcing you to download the messenger app then this app went to waste. I'll just go install a 3rd party Facebook app
Gives error message when loading feed, and when I try to "like" a post, I receive message "Something Went Wrong, Please Try Again".
Tapi rodo lemot
Would give it more but it forces me to use messenger which I loath.
Oiiii...fb problemmm
Good improvement. Its much faster with different future.  I love it.... Now you deserve 5-star.
Great!! And now it show 'something went wrong' and I'm tired reload it..just going to uninstall it..
Well i also have the messenger and now when im on facebook app i cant see my messages until i go to the messenger app also it keeps having trouble loading my news feed and messages. Hope you guys can fix those little problems
Its not showing the recent post.....it showing post of the past days.
Keeps saying it can't refresh feed and something went wrong.
Errors with loading and I can't view other people's walls ...please fix
Wont load timeline news feed etc etc. What happened i was jus useing it thos morning?
This last update is causing Facebook to not load pics or refresh the new feeds...please fix this. It sucks
Its decent
Working good
super
Interesting
Failed to load newsfeed! This sucks!
Poor  0 star
I love this app
It's annoying how it constantly has errors (group chats and now the loading etc), and now that I can't access messenges without downloading the messenger app, I think I may as well just uninstall the app and go on browser.
Where did my photo comment button go?!? Uhhhhh
Why does it keep saying error loading news feed and it isn't just on this device its on my tablet my step mums tablet and fone so plz get it sorted and ill rate it 5 stars
Nothing and I mean nothing is working right. Newsfeed wont load. Keep getting something went wrong try again...blah blah blah
Today this app won't connect to Internet  either wifi or 4G.
:/
sangat menghibur!...
Ts175375
Failure to load news feed... something went wrong... try again... that's all I see now
Every update gets worse and worse, now I can't tag my boyfriend but a few times then he's gone from my list.  Also videos always crash.  Now it won't load news feed or my page...
Today I had multiple problems with this crappy app. Facebook is the least user-friendly app on the market today. I had so many problems I finally uninstalled it & reinstalled it thinking it would fix it. WRONG! All it did was tell me "Sorry. Something went wrong. We are working on getting it fixed as soon as we can." Duh! That's all I've seen on fb this morning. Fb is BROKE. Why doesn't somebody fix it?????
App won't refresh now? App is too big and takes up too much space. It's a headache to use now. I really expect better but you keep disappointing. Why have reviews if you're not going to listen?! Everyone is saying the same thing!
Older version refused to cooperate. I begrudgingly updated, suspecting something would go wrong like it usually does - and now the newsfeed won't load. Same problem I had last time I updated Facebook. Getting pretty tired of it.
"News feed cannot load please try again later" wtf I thought latest updates suppose to fix bugs not add some more.
....hard  re. ..lawa. ..
I can't upload a new profile picture. It keeps saying something went wrong please try again and everytime I do it says the same thing..
cannot post,cannot share,cannot load new feed~wth~
I have a Moto G and I updated the Facebook app and after nothing would load so I uninstalled and then installed it again and now I can't even log in...
I love it
Constant newsfeed errors. Always force closing and popping up with network errors. Its impossible to use.
Can't login at all and most of my games are linked to Facebook. I keep getting error messages!
Love it !!
I have full signal but yet facebook wont load anything new,
Meet some awesome people
I've never had problems wit Facebook til I done the update lastnite and now it won't load my newsfeed and it keeps saying something went wrong when I try to comment or read comments. Plz fix this asap
Super
App will not work today!!
Like
Never had a problem until update then I got used to the updated layout I'm ok with that but now one star just because I can't use the app if it wasn't preinstalled I would uninstall ugh I'm going to be using my Web browser and getting on that way hope you guys can fix this app but I don't see it happening it just keeps getting worse with every update
This new update keeps saying error every time I open Facebook or post on Facebook or even like something on it. I scroll thro my timeline it'll stop and say...."error has occurred on page" wth....Please fix!
Wth??? Recently fb works fine but today notice that it keeps getting me something went wrong error please fix!!!!
ERRORS...
What is dis???
Constantly receiving errors when loading notifications or loading pictures or going to refresh the feed. Seems to be getting worse with each upgrade you do. Also everything I try to like something the page refreshed...very unnerving Please fix!!!
After last update today it says you have problem in your servers.....plz fix it I really love this app
What happend to the FB APPS??? ERROR ?
Very poor updates! can't rertrive/error loading notifications, error loading news feed,something wrong...etc. can't hide this...pages you liked doesn't appear on news feed! you can't delete comments,and your status showed "edited" even when you didn't edit!!!
I get an update and can't load my timeline or my newsfeed? U people test these updates before u make em public or what? It wasn't broke before u geniuses fixed it.
good
Stop adding new things! Fix the freaking in bugs first cause it always squads something went wrong and the page doesn't load!
Pie
Since update it won't load right keeps giving me errors. Everytime there's an update it screws up
Won't load.
Its works awesome,!!!!! One of the best apps I've ever downloaded.
unable to login says error occurred what the fu*k total wasteage of time
Very nice
Error loading news feed!  All the time
Horrible
Update made not opening my account
Why can't I see the most recent updates? Every time I select it it shows me statuses from the beginning of the week...and now it's saying error in loading my friends profiles when I know there is no reason for the error....I am not a fan or these errors...please fix and the rate will go back up...
Good
After yet ANOTHER UPDATE, now I am back to Error loading news feed. You had it fixed, I gave you 4 stars. Now you went back to the old version, so I took away 3 stars! Fix it and I will give your stars back. Almost to the point of uninstalling!!
There are so many errors in this stupid app. Updates almost everyday, with massive storage usage, but the errors are never fixed. How hard is it to do your jobs properly?
Everything was fine till this new update now I can't get the app to even open right
After the update my FB has completely crashed. Tried to unistall and reinstall, and can't even log in. Before wasn't able to see new posts, or photos at all.
Why is it permanently in top stories? And most recent is stored away in a quiet corner which is annoying to get to? Who wants to read old posts from days again, which stay on top stories for days? Does anyone? Sort it out
Cant refresh New Feed, Cant see my or other profiles, & Stuck with the old posts of yesterday
Crap after update unable to logout and in..
Consistent errors loading anything, login was near impossible
Error loading newsfeed, error on likes and comments, error, error, error. Still waiting on Most Recent as default feed, the algorithms are atrocious, and the battery drain is ridiculous. Everyday, Google + is looking better and better.
Errors, errors everywhere, messy mess of a mess
rinawati @yahoo com
This app has become data and batt hog. I don't want videos to auto load and play. News feed is not current news. App is a mess. Like I said b4, fix it 1st b4 adding more to it!!   RazrM
It won't load my news feed when I know my internet is working.
i love it
I love you
But could show most recent posts not ones from days ago
I've had my fb account for a long time now...and in the last 4yrs it has gone right downhill, more so in the past 6mths and more concerning the past month...how many updates does it take to get it right?? I've counted at least 20 in the past 12months all been pathetic...sort it out!!!!!!
S4 mini. A bigger app. Runs alright
when the app first came out, I gave it 3 stars for just existing. But after several years, the fact that I still can't post to someone's wall, or run the app without it timing out, force closing, etc, earns it -2 of those 3 stars.  Also can't stand that it sits in memory permanently, but cannot even perform the basic functions available through the web interface. clearly its hopeless, zuckerberg. just give up
The new update SUCKSSSSS!!
Updated app. Doesn't load status or news feed. Reads Error loading. Fix and I'll change my rating.
Newsfeed won't load
I cannot log in it so hard and sometimes the messenger ad killing i cannot see message then my wifi and mobile data good but your facebook app is killing me.please fix
Love iy
My page won't load after the newest update.
About to delete this app.
"Unable to load. Error. Can not load news feed. Something went wrong." Can you PLEASE get it together?
Good aap
It's good !
What the hell is wrong with facebook? Its not loading anything it just won't work
Unable to get on FB at all!  Says error try again later!
LOAD      OF    CRAP   NOW    IT'S   NOT    WORKING     FIX
I can't even see or view any post! The update messed up everything and I can't see anything anymore
Had to uninstall and reinstall. Still didn't help! Can't load this, error on that... y'all suck.
We can express many things through this and find more good friends to deal with....
My app freezes every time I scroll past a video.
Won't let me log in keeps saying something went wrong!
Error on news feed every time. I load it please fix soon
Not loading feed sorry something went wrong and now not even showing comments on posts :( please fix soon
After I updated it it keeps saying an error has accord and when I try to reload my newsfeed it says a network error has accord :(
Hate the bugs
Had an update today and now news feed will not load. Will not own anyone's page either!!  Please fix asap!!
Always has this error of failing to load feeds
I don't understand why Facebook updates everyday... since this last update my Facebook"fails to connect" to the server. I can see my news feed stories but I cannot comment or like them on my mobile device.
I reset my phone and then uninstalled and reinstalled the app only to find out that I now.can't even sign in, rather than having the "unable to load" pop up.
Cannot log in to the new updated fb app! Will be deleting the app for good if it continues. This app keeps getting worse and worse smh
After new update... nothing loads now. Major issue. Please fix and will change rating
Something always is wrong and won't load. Always new feed problems .  Tracks your information
I can't even use my Facebook. it won't work on my 1 day old brand spanking new HTC m8. Get it right
It shows login error. whats this??
Seriously with my old phone it was crap I upgrade my phone to an S4 and it's still crap dam app logged me out and now I can't even log back on keep getting there's a freaking error all after that dam update seriously fix the dam thing
How come when i press log in it says unexpected error.
Facebook people have to do something.. This app couldn't load any data.
SERIOUSLY!  "SOMETHING WENT WRONG". I. CAN'T EVEN LOG ON WITH THE APP ANYMORE. YOU'D THINK A COMPANY WITH MULTI-MILLION PROFITS COULD FIGURE OUT A DANG APP -A mad Samsung galaxy s3 user
After this update my news feed fails to load often. "What are you doing?" does not work when I post a status. Please fix these problems.
I cant see news feed say something wrong please try again!!!! Fix that
Y'all continue to make it worse!!!!! Now my app is useless all I get is something went wrong, try again, error loading news feed... Its terrible  that I'm thinking after all these years with android I'm considering going apple..... At least they get apps right for the most part. FIX THIS CRAP YOU CALL AN APP
Love it
Keeps not updating news feed keeps saying upload failed
I can't login or out and it keeps saying something went wrong!
After the update you fucked Facebook up it cant even load anything fix it then you'll get 5 stars
Keeps freezing!
It won't load my news feed, my notifications, my messages, or ANYTHING ELSE. After the most recent update I would rate it with negative stars if I could!
I updated and now it doesn't work! Keeps on saying "something went wrong" or "no connection " when there is connection because my other apps work... Fix this please!!
Keeps having loading problems, freezing, and shutting down by itself. Frustrating!
It's an amazing app and it keeps me entertained
It keeps on going "error" all over . you should fix it immediately you know !!
Always having problems working. Either says error when trying to look at current postings or just see the small circle spinning, but doesn't do anything else.
After this last update it won't load news feed or send picture messages
Great app
Shows mostly old posts on the news feed. Please fix that
Something went wront please try again... is all I get when I open the application please fix thanks
News feed errors and I can't look at comments
For about a month now FB had been freezing up across multiple devices. The only fix is a restart.
It's horrible! Still! Error loading news feed something went wrong loading comments again I say WAY TOO MANY PROBLEMS TO WARRANT KEEPING IT DUE TO SIZE OF APP!!!!
Good app.....WHEN IT WORKS!!
Very good
I keep getting this message all the time its getting worse! Why can't they just fix this already!
It's hard to give u 3 stars.. At least.. It makes me connected to my friends.. But.. This recent update.. Always says.. "something went wrong".. With even WIFI connection.. Actually, who's "went WRONG" ???
Not working today! Doesn't load recent news feed, gives me an error. Games are also not connecting to Facebook. Please fix! LG G3 with T-Mobile.
You've done it again! No matter what device I download this on you always mess it up to the point where I have to uninstall and switch to using my browser. Great going idiots.
lol!
Its arseways
I've got an HTC One, with data speeds currently around 12-15 mbps, and I just can't use this app. Everyone, please start using a different social networking site so I can delete these primitive apps.
The media player on Android should be changed
I keep receiving an error that something has gone wrong since the last update.
I hate that I can't view my most recent automatically. There is also a weird bug that tells me to paste sometimes when I go comment. Recently I am extremely annoyed with 'most recent' not working at all. Overall: highly disappointed.
Still no option to default to most recent.  Apparently, whoever is responsible can't read.  Multiple comments expressing the same problem and nothing changes. Useless app. Again. More updates. Same crap.
This update is running slow and keeps giving error for trying to download newsfeed.
It's a fantastic game. Truly worth downloading. The only thing that bugged me was the way pou couldn't have a family. It'd be excellent if pou could have a mother, father, child and such. But I can surely say it's an excellent game. :)
Won't refresh since update. And stop hiding ' most recent' away, it's what the majority of people want their news feed to be as default!
It keep saying error to load newsfeed while the other apps was working just fineeeee
Since update I am getting constant errors!! And you can't view your other folder in messages
SINCE LAST UPDATE...POOR
Wow.. Just how can this app get worse and worse with each update!!?
After the update.cant log in :(
Just got an update and now the News Feed does not load. Can't see recent post. What is going on with this new update. You need to get it right! It seem that with every update, Facebook gets worse. Smh!!!!!!
For DAYS now my news feed will not load. It will say ERROR LOADING NEWSFEED. PLEASE TRY AGAIN LATER. I used to love this app & now I absolutely hate it. Its always "updating" & changing. I don't like the fact that you choose what is important enough for me to view. Everything is slow. Videos won't load or play without pausing or skipping. Pictures, comments & statuses won't load. Can it please be fixed ???
When I am looking at a picture on a page it automatically goes back
It keeps saying error, or no connection and my internet is clearly working.....error loading news feed. ..I hate the new update cause it never updates it, it just makes it worse
Can't load or post anything. You'd think with all the money you've generated you'd be able to get right by now. FAIL....
Get problems fixed & I will give higher. Rating. I can't even log in right now.
Closes me out when it wants me to, refuses to load new posts, way to slow entirely on loading up.
But too many probs.  First every time u update I cant check my wall. And cant like something. And sure cant share. The web version is better.  And I don't get updates like I do with web version.  I see it faster there then Mobile.  There is days I just want to uninstall it but I don't as my friends may need to talk and I am not always in front of my laptop. If u fix these issues I will rate again.
Error... whatya mean now
Cool!
Vry useful softwere
Fb
Cant play any videos on facebook
Really?? With every update it's worse! Now it keeps saying error loading newsfeed please try again.
I can not log in through this app anymore
New update has broken it. Fix it please and stop messing with the app. Everytime you change something you break it.
I continue to get an error code saying sorry something went wrong. I uninstalled and reinstalled and now I can't log into my Facebook at all! PLEASE FIX THIS!
Terrible this app sucks having trouble even using it says trouble with login and it shows just old posts or random times
Not bad
the best web in the world
App is for millions of people, could have spent more time on it.
Lousy..can't load!
WHAT!!!...this is bulsit...give us an answer pls...tell us what just happen right now?...
Good
Dubai
Its OK. Takes time to get used to
Something went wrong.  Please try again. This is all I get now.
Facebook was working fine the other day, but now it doesn't even load my news feed or anything. It's like Facebook itself is down. I've tried going on the internet version on my phone, and it said that something went wrong on Facebook. Please fix!
None of my messages will load and my news feed won't load either
News Feed won't load, keeps sending me an Error Message. The previous update sucks and it is becoming worse. This needs to be fixed ASAP. What is the point of having something and not being able to use it? POINTLESS
the best application
Now I get "error loading news feed" or "oops something went wrong". Can't look at my news feed at all! You have to be the worst app makers on planet earth. Try reading the comments left by the people funding your site .
I am constantly getting "something went wrong/failed to load." I use this ap to sale/buy things on local pages, but it making it impossible when I can't get anything to load half the time?!!!!!
It keeps coming up , no news feed. Please, fix.
Now they are same problem I am face it:(
good
Error to load news feed, wtf, makes this app useless now fix this as many people use Facebook for news and other important information
I installed your update now all I get are error messages..
Updates suck. I can't even open the app or login when it finally decides to load. You should stick to the old saying if it isn't broke don't fix it
Not uploading right. Needs to be foxed
Even connected to wifi of speed of 10mbps it shows something went wrong. ..plz fix will gve u 5 stars
I really enjoy, Facebook. It let's me stay in contact with friends from school. And, family that lives out of town
Nothing good came from this update. I Keep getting a failed to load newsfeed and I'm not able to see recent newseed anymore
The new update doesn't even work. Won't load anything new. It says we're trying to fix. Whatever! Also like a review below I want to see the recent news feeds in order not yesterday and the days before then back to an hour ago. What's so hard to keep the posting time in order??!!!
After this new "update" Facebook won't load.  This is such a terrible app!   Why does the update now allow Facebook to make phone calls without my knowledge?! Eff you Facebook.
FACEBOOK IS GETTING WORSE AND WORSE!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"Something went wrong"
News feed errors, can't load post comments, etc etc like everyone else is saying.
I love facebook but the update is rediculous. It was so retarded that I've held without downloading it on my phone, seeing that it automatically updated on my tablet. But the update is stupid. Bring the old back. I don't like the fact that i never see recent post. Evennnn when I'm under the most recent under my menu it still only shows maybe 3 new post and then tye rest are back from like 10 days ago. So please fix the new update to show all receht updates or something ! Please&thank you!
I tried numerous times to log in and it keep saying failure to login..... And this start happening right after the update can you guys please fix this thanks
every thing shows error,error loading this,that,better fix it,i wished to give none stars for this waste update
Good app
It keeps saying error please try again on my news feed an it won't load my chat. This is getting annoying I didn't download a app thats gonna keep updating and won't work all the time seriously fix it I want to see my chat an be able to laid things with out it saying error please try again.. Fix it!!!! Stop updating fix the problems first then update really...
What's going on? I can't login.
Not working well. When I like something it clicks to another story.  Keeps telling me there's an error too. Very strange.
The worst upgrade ever! Nothing at all was wrong prior to this update. Do you like to create issues when there aren't any? Sad
Keeps crashing
Can't change settings to most recent posts.  What good is it if I see things two days after they happen?  Stupid.  Always error loading news feed always something went wrong.  What kind of updates are these??  I wish I could rate no stars at all!
Its osm
A great app. A few instances of loading errors, but they're far and few.
With recent update, I'm finding a lot of glitches.  Primarily in loading my feed.  However, happy that you can now add pictures into comments, as you can on website/desktop version.
Can't even login! Now I can't use this worthless app
If I could give less stars I would. "Error loading news feed" & no most recent. This app & Facebook in general is becoming very "basic & boring"
Not even letting me sign in
I cannot log in now..it always say that something went wrong ..whats happening
Nice ..I like face book
Seriously useless again!! Can't search, can't refresh, constant error messages, etc.  What the hell?!
Love This App ! ! 
CAN'T LOAD MY NEWS FEED!!  IT'S IRRITATING!!
After recent update all I get is constant failed news feed message!
Bad :( you guys should fix this a lot: newsfeed,searching...blah blah...and it too slow you know!!1 star is too much for this app!It suck
I'm having trouble loading any of my photos. when I click on an album it says there are no photos available.. And it won't load my news feed..
Cant log out, news feed of most recent is hidden somewhere. And please ad Search button on group pages!!
When i update the facebook. And when i play it say error load new feed
Error loading everything
Cant even make an app that works. Facebook app has so many problems back to back. And now the news feed wont load at all and just keeps saying there is an error.
I love it
Its nyc, i think u should try it.
Is great
I have to keep opening and closing the app for it to work. It will freeze the first two to three times I open, leaving me unable to scroll or click anything.
I cant delete comments anymore
ReunionFriendsand Families
I love this App . Ever ! :)
Waste of time
Jho
Rohit Thakor
Don't want a second messenger app and want my news feed sorted how I want. I hate FB.
Give us the option of full screen when scrolling WITHOUT the HUGE selection bar showing all the time please.
I still can't see the newer posts or have the option to change it from older to newer please help
So hard to use!!!!
Untuk versi yang lebih lama.
Hmmmm. Awesome
It Sucks
The update did not fix the news feed
take tooooo long 2 open in samsu... sm times it goes blank 2
Facebook is awesome
Using fb is never be easier before using this app.
Good

Not working
Rubbish
Why i cant log in
Bad app..
Good app
Love that you dont have to sign in and out.
For those wondering there is a way to get most recents easily. Getting heaps better but still auto plays videos after I exit the video, clearly I exited it cause I didn't want to watch it.
786786
Yes
Hotest
Facebook
Danilo alolor
N
App
Why do u a whole different app for messaging?  Its a waste of space!
It takes long for to open this app , fix please . . Thanks !
Ho
Love the play store

Cam gampang ..
Love it :)
FB app has been working flawlessly for 6 months now with the latest update it freezes, fails to open, stops scrolling just a general load of pain in the @$$. Please fix and when you fix it this time leave it the hell alone.
Where are the stickers after update
great as fast as the web
Wooooow
Its app for friends
Ahaaan pretty gOod
Real good
I don't know what happened, but I can't use this app without it crashing or just not opening at all. I've been wanting to uninstall it because of all the crazy permissions it requires; now I can't even use it. Decision made.
There used to be a setting to change whether the news feed shows to stories or more recent. It is a real pain to constantly have to use the options and change to most recent using the 'most recent' app..  Bring back decent news feed options to more closely match the website experience!
isah bala
I've stuck with this app through the bad times. It came back and was awesome again. Now it's right back to sucking. I'm going to uninstall soon. It's easier to just go on my browser.
I like it better than my iPad FB! #SamsungGalaxyS5
This apps has slow speed ........
Fast!
st/teen-1.
Great but sometimes its laggss....
I like this app very much.
Fb mostly stops responding automatically n it doesn't work. I have to reinstall it again in order to check fb.
This is way to find out our friend by facebook and we can chat to our old friend by facebook we all must dowlad the facebook i am very happy in facebook and i am saying to all my friend that dowlad facebook
Good
I would really appreciate it if you guys can fix the feed auto-refresh..
Keeps foreclosing just about to delete the app and go thru my browser

LeoBaby
Not slow but fast and my favorite part was texting
Have to uninstall & reinstall just to get the videos to.work...
peace
Overall it's good but having to take 4 steps to sort news feed to most recent is annoying.
Ghant
Love it
K
Plz add offline option
Super
Mori
I Love It!
Wonderful social network, when i started facebook world became very small and people are becoming shine well, Thankyou Facebook teams.
Nice
Female
Acha h.....
I like it because i can post offline
I like it, but its not that comfortable as on PC.
App is closing Automatically....
Works well
all the time i want to download it shows error...
Supp
Interesting
One chance only change in life circle
i love this app
Good
But i can't log out my account.
Fantastic
FAISAL
Very very bad app is this
DOWNLOAD
It's an above average for fb user compare to browser
After the new update when am scrolling through news feed , it freezes and the whole app crashes ...
P
I liked it
facebook
Pictures
Nice
Thanks for visiting
Plz update the software where we can copy the text .....
I thought a Newsfeed would give you news as it happened and in the order that it happened  not hours or days later.
Can't see the latest post... sad...1 star 4 now...
Super
What the hall men thats good app for andro.....id
Good app
I finally deleted this app and am using the mobile version. This app used to be great, but just sucks. Having to have messenger, along with this, makes no sense. It just keeps getting worse. Also, why can't this be saved to my SD card? The app is unbelievably huge.
I don't want it. Why can't I simply write to my friends through the Facebook application? It keeps telling me to download messenger and doesn't let me see the messages. I don't need the messenger! I just need to type letters to people!
Life is play ! It play
Oyeahhh
I love this app
: D
slow
hamzavellam
:)
app
Cool
Excellent  and effective .
This is the great app for social networks
It is good sf
Verry good
Very faster.......
Jay Ar borja
Up dated still the pages exist and bulliying and posting pics and harassing anyone and some fake accnts were aprove!!!pls check everthing so you save to many lives!!!
While surfing facebook, i can't able to swipe to drag upside from bottom of the touch... I wish you do something better update to rectify this issue
Reinstall
Happy
Goodycchzxvnif
Search for a friend, try to view their posts, spinning circle... nothing. Never had this issue on the iPhone app.
Doesn't load for about 10 minutes
The new update is awesome I had a good experience
Like
Tried uninstalling and reinstalling to see if it would streamline the loading for the timeline, and now there is an error message every time I attempt to log into it. Horrible.
Facebook isn't even working now. Mine hasn't opened in two days
Samsung GALAXY Y


Its complicated to Download because when you download it. It is only 9mB But when you see it now? It becomes 40MB! -_-
ok
I like this apps
good app
Honestly, you guys update most often but then these updates are just like the old one so where's the improvement? ... Disappointed. tsk.
Too much freezing also it does not get the most recent stories in the facebook page !!
Liked
it always freezes up. cant see most recent posts.
Review of life
Social media
After the update the app stops working and I am takwn to my main screen. It was fine before the update
You release an update every 2 days without addressing any problems
But,Slow..
I just love it
No new changes...it should be better than before..but dissapointd
,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
Please don't force users to download Facebook Messenger. It's ridiculous that I am forced to download an app that forces me to stay logged in always online to receive messages. Let us just message people using the regular Facebook app. Things were more simple that way.
I cant see any videos
Terima kasih
Good
I love it
Great!

nice i like it keep it up good...
It
perfect na! :) update lng ng update! HAHAHA
So very good
Facebook is teh evil.
Stars
Boohar
JERIL MATHEW
Can you do something that i can easily move my photos to other album.
P
It makes you download another app to check your messages, no choice. I didn't want another app but that's not my decision to make on my own property. Oh and you can't edit anything you post through the app so if you misspell something you just look like an idiot.
Nice app
I don't have to flip through FB just to answer an IM
to install my account
Error in playing youtube videos shared on fb
I Love My Family
Dear FB dev team, please bring back the option to view the most recent news. It is rather confusing and weird to received that is 3 daya ago. I want to know whats happening now, not days ago. This issue had been complained a lot of times but to no avail. That is all.
ffc is working. easy picking, tagging,  and uploading pictures.  update20130129: 3 stars, commenting on albums becomes a pain. I have to go back to my original post on my wall before I can comment back on my album. also a fix on the albums page and on how pictures are arranged is much appreciated.  20140901: the file size that this application uses is an enormous 220MB. wow.
Good
Charting
Fix it!
Nothing to say anything. I use free call
Amazing
U remove msngr functionality, i'll remove stars
This New version is awful. I have uninstalled and reinstalled three times and it either takes a ridiculous amount of time to launch- and that is if I get lucky, or I get the black screen of death with the only option of force closing. Not good.
Wow
I have a problem with some of my I'd.....when I am opening an inbox its not opening....it shows a picture written that u r started with messenger ....learn more / get apps.....n there is no cancel option there what should I dooo... Plz help me...... I don't want a messenger...I am going through with this problem from tomorrow other wise I loved it ....plz do help me
Its great
Excellent ..I love it...
Very very good
Cooooool
Ok
nice job
You help me in a dangerous stage of my life facebook now iam happy but not much thanx founders of fb a lot.....
I love
Excellent
Good
Everythime when I open this app it always hang. Anyway but I like this app cause I can post pictures , videos , and status. The only problem is it is so slow in loading. :)
I dont like fb
It show new posts from friends
Poor
After the update my phone freezes when watching video or when I scroll down my news feed.
Ok this app I love it <3
Facebook app and its messenger should be in one app. So user doesn't have to download the messenger anymore...
I love facebook
Hmangaihna ka ngen ani
Cool
Too many times I cant open on my phone....very annoying
Its connecting very slowly
Public access to all (oh well)
Superb
When I upload a photo or post a status and then c after an hour it shows as I have done 10 hours ago. Since last update
Good
The app is a big battery sucker
posts should be in order as default...posts get missed otherwisw
So ganda
Amazing, And I love it :)
Facebook
its best ......

can't update my facebook.
The videos shared auto plays again after the recent update! Please deactivate it coz it's so irritating! Update failed again!!!!
Facebook
Why must I force to use messenger?! Making my phone slower and the messenger can't pm. Please change it back and let us choose whether to use the rubbish messenger or not.
Thik he
I Love This Apps..
F u.
Cannot comment on a post or see friends online. I cannot upload more than 1picture please get me a solution. Other than its fine
Since these new updates facebook keeps kicking me out. Ive never had this problem until the past 3 updates and its been getting progressivelt worse with each one. Wtf facebook. Ive been using this app forever.
Very slow
Nice
Great application with no annoying advertisments and other annoying things
Why does FB have such a hatred for Most Recent? First, it was no longer default. Then, you took away the option for it to be the default. Now, you have it buried three pages deep in the worst laid out section of the app. What's your reasoning for this, when it appears to be the most used feature by the bulk of users?
I really can't understand why we can't disable message notifications permanently. I just want to get normal notifications. But disabling message notifications only works for 8 hours. So I need to disable all notifications. And I don't want that.
Its so amazing for me
This is useful
Ilike
Good
CAnt view my meSsAges when im  viewing a recent posts. CAn you fix these? I will give 5 stars if you cAN make a meSsages buTT0n that is aCCeSsible when we are in a m0st recent post pages.
Good
Don't force this kind of thing down our throats downloading and using the ap is annoying enough
Does this latest update remove built in Messenger?
Jatttttt
DNT KNW?? SMTIMES IT CRASHES... Lets hope updates can fix this....thoigh i love facebook so rated good..lol
Liked it
It is wonderful
Most recent needs to be the default setting for news feed on the left. Why is this so hard for the dev's?? Users are clamouring for this! GET IT TOGETHER FB!
Better than all communication app
My app updates daily. What is the matter?
I love it so much
Error loading news feed can't see many post
Not too Good
Is it a job requirement that you must update this app daily and sometimes multiple times per day or what. I appreciate the work but the updates are hard to keep up with.
Was working but now when I get a notification and I click it it goes to my last read thread instead of the notified link. Disappointing that a huge company like Facebook can't perform a simple task.
Have not updated this app on Galaxy 8.9 tab in awhile, due to high % of negative reviews. My nearly 11-month-old version (5.0.0.26.31) seems semi-stable. However it still occasionally goes to black screen, videos won't play at all, it's missing several useful desktop features, you can't post a photo in a comment, you can't administer pages unless you install their other app, etc. If you haven't updated lately, DO NOT! Wait 'till a majority of reviews are more favorable, & useful features are added/restored.
Keep on crashing still.
Love ...!
Amazing but the location icon on the messages isn't existed I've turned it on from the app  settings but still not working
So crap! I've had to delete this app and reinstall it again 4 times this week cause it won't work properly.
It's difficult to share a link, but older version was better. Please fix the problem and make it easy.
Hey,how can we sync our contacts with facebook latest version?? Kindly guide me :)
Zungu. Master
Good usage
Sonam
This is a solid version.
I can't unfollow some pages idon't need them pls fix it :(
Very poor
Sucks
julios
Ya it's me
Big memory consumption of ram . Please fix it. Thank you
No chat
Krishanthi krish
KM
Ganda
Sklm
Works cool...
It's cool
now its so slow make it faster and i will give you five stars but for now im giving you 3*...fix it ok....
Wooooo

Please just bring back the feature to see latest stories rather than top stories. It's obvious a huge portion of users prefer this and I'm sick of scrolling through things not knowing when I'll get to something I haven't seen. I see no benefit to not including this option on mobile.
Facebook is just great
Vijay
Shabirhussain
I am indian marathi boy. ..I like the Facebook.
This app sucks
its great if u use postive
Still the best way to stay in touch with peoples and family I haven't seen or talked to in forever.
Google +
Waste of time!!
lizy D
Good App
Errtin is cul
Good
I dont know why i have to uninstall fb then install it back for my videos to play
Lovw
The app crashes and shuts itself seconds after opening. It used to be good before update. and it is now taking too much space. Pls fix

U guys have ruined the facebook... And now... It is the most disgusting app.. Fix it please.
Very good application
Why do I need two apps for one website
Gud work fb...please make the app a little smoother in the next update because it often crashes or hangs if there are too many notifiactions...
Can't comment, app crashes and its all yesterdays stats i missed everything I'm a day late. Took thr3 trys just to post
Really tired of it stopping all the time! Especially when your in the middle of sharing a post.
yes, beside of other socmed app, this app become most battery draining on my android device
..
All my news feed is full of 'people you may know' or suggested pages or other crap. Its full of advertising crap. Load of crap Facebook.
It's awesome!
Gefd
I like this app. Thanks for facebook
Y  not Install
its old version is best then newer its not work properly its vibrate again and again please fix it
Best
like
Loved it
Facebook is good
mamtap looo
My feb appss
Protest against Israel
Berry berry good
But i'm in love with wechat..
safdr1969
I hope this time i can browse my divice faster not likely in few months.
Gak bisa inbokan tanpa fb messenger
Facebooklogin
Why i cant send message
I Lyk it
good
good very good
Nice
nice app...update more and more..:)..
Older version was fast and didnt hang much.... the new version takes time to load images and if there are 2 many feeds it tends to hang....
Kumar
Wow I like it
Its very slow
Very Good
<3superb.. ;)
I like it very much
I hard to open Facebook.
I want Most Recent to be the default view for my timeline.  I also want to see ALL of my friends' posts (in chronological order), not just the ones you think I want to see.
the older face program is good than now :/
Fix it please and ill give 5 stars
I like this but i want normal fb it is upgraded
Edit comments option / news feed
With this update, the automatic videos won't stop, even if you choose to stop them from the settings.
Nice app
Its icon resolution on my tablet is low. It's not clear and it is blury. What's the spelling of blury, "blury? Or blurry?". Please fix this.
Pradeep Mahajan
w b india
I updated it. Now it wont even open the app on my phone.

Sometimes it a lil sliw but dat it
I like
It does what it says and does it easy
I am very nice and warm person who is a great deal of experience with the best of all of you who are in town for work. I will be able to get the job done.
Good
love
This app does not allow you to utilize the sight fully. I can't see what I posted. Even after I go to the pc I will not see it for hours. Or unless someone comments.
Maha bekar app hai sala
So easy to communicate..
"-23" error
Every night it don't just load
Hanging problem occurs because of this
Awesome app ane easy to use
Can you make it lite so that it will takes a little space. Thanks
Uninstalled. Kept refreshing & couldn't read feed. Also didn't send alerts of new notifications.
Eclair version sucks
Nice
Loved it
Love to use it.
I love facebook
U should change us back to the old one /.\
Woq
I woo take too much RAM and running in background which cause phone Lags
Good one
Fix this bug...
It's not working
This program has grown too large for all but the fastest smart phones and far and above way too intrusive into our privacy!
I m download it and it fantastic.
Claims I'm not connected to the internet but I can access facebook via Opera just fine!
The facebook app has many bugs, but the thing that bugs me the most is how plain & old it looks.
Fixed
loved its
It crashes instantly when I go into the app
Fantastic social media
Excellent
Good app but make it full screen like iphone?
Multan
Com
I can do this on my computer but not on the app...
Good
I was expecting an important message and when I saw I had one I realized I couldn't access it without "learning more" or "get app" for the message app. I don't want the message app, there was no way to bypass it. I ended up using my browser to log into FB and I deleted your stupid app. I'm also done with the Samsung, I miss my iPhone,  so much less drama with all apps.
Good
Good
This is very slow app
Cheelax you
Its alright just dont like the fact that I have to activate n download the messenger app just to read my msgs plz fix that n ill rate 5 stars if not then this really sucks
good
takes too much operative memory (((
Good app
My news feed won't refresh so I never see anything new. I tried logging out then logging back in but it won't let me! It keeps giving me an error message! This new update sucks.
Wht i cannot install it ??? Its show  its cannot install in default location
It works every day and i really love it
Changes to much but it's ok still
But updates are vary slow.. not showing birthdays
Chat is not stable. Uploading and updating cover PIC is still not good. Consumes a huge amount of data.
Background process takes about 40MB to 60MB of RAM :(
Togo slow
Very glad
Abid
I love this app because it works very good
Indtall
I am trying to dwnld fb from last 8~10days but every time it shows error opening why i don't know.
Ok
I love the new Facebook when you'll updated it. It is amazing and i love it and i love the new timeline also! Thank you!
I depend on Facebook,it is my life, my connection with my family.
Amazing
When i open facebook its always not responding fix this arror plz
Why does it takes long to update the comment and messages and post can you fix these please... Oh yeah i forgot even the chatbox takes long to show whose online or not
This was excellent fan page
Please fix this soon.
tnx..;-)
Ok
So sad.. Very poor quality, please fix asap.. i'm browsing and then i find myself on the top of the newsfeed again. Boohoo..
Shouket ali
Presanna
Why too many glitch in the new version
I hate facebook
Suparb
I love the app too much it works properly and shows notification on screen
Discusting
Good
Now its amazing after update...every thing is ok...Nicceeee...
Like this
Joined all friends around the world. ......
good
It is a great app. The problem is why is it laggy?
Loved it
It's not letting me watch videos
Lolx
no
LOVe
Good
Had enough now. Have been waiting and waiting on the updates to fix and nothing. There is no option to organise the news feed. I cant put it to most recent stories meaning I have to look at the same stuff I have been looking at for days over and over until I magically find something new. Uninstalling now.
Love it!
Good app just can't see why I can only watch video for the first 5 seconds then cuts off with no error message code
good
Like
Nice app
It so amazing but sometimes it wii stack up so pls fix it and even the signal is good still it would stack up so pls pls fix it thank u
Its very awesome and quick not like the internet and it do not slow down
Just one word's in Bahasa "K E R E N"
I will be in a few months of the intended only for a great day to be a good for the intended only for a great day to be a good for the intended please
I love it what more can I say
V
Keep it up :))
Galaxy 7582
This update has too many bugs, every time I open it , it gets hang
2 all
best
I love facebook but it takes too much place in my phone! -Kayla
It shows installed but can't open it on samsung s4 plz help
Hate the fact that fb thinks most recent posts are from days before!! Please fix this and get it right!
Ch
Awesome now I can talk to my friends tgat are miles away love this app the
Very best app
Very good app
Good
Loved it
Very bad....useing to much Ram.
Very good
Fc is the most popular for the people thats why I rate it
Mita
Really love the New *saved tab. You still should make it easier to get to *Most Recent.
Ever since the new update I've had nothing but problems!  I keep being forced out of fb and it won't let me share anything without forcing closed,  please fix this glitch immediately
The app crashes constantly on my Samsung Galaxy S5..reinstalling doesn't help either! Facebook is just getting worse and worse and costing more!
This app crashes more and more. Everything is out of order, half the time I can't update my status or check in. Pictures don't display properly and this app is beyond slow.PLEASE FIX I'm begging you seriously....7-18-14 another update! Huh. This app is the biggest app on my phone now I can't keep dealing with this.
This is a nice
Facebook mobile has been workin better than ever! Always gteat to know I can chat with friends or family! Love it!
Poor
Overall the app is great but a few key social features seem to be missing. 1) Why can't I share posts directly to friends in a private message? Photos and links have a workaround if I click first and then use external sharing methods, but that's very silly, and videos/statuses can't be shared privately at all.  2) Why can't I share certain content types to the Page that I admin? Photos work fine but videos can't be shared at all in this way. 3) Can't select/copy text from a post
Like the one for blackberry pearl? Cuz that one actually functioned...oh...and how is it fair that only people with an S3 or higher get Home? Yall suck...seriously...ya really do...
Its a great way of connecting its a good  more efficient and easy to use app
This app is CONSTANTLY saying network error, error this, error that. I know its the app because everything else on my phone works 100% fine. So annoying.
Nice application
I fully enjoy with this apps
Why can't I easily choose how I want to view my feed? I want most recent first. That shouldn't be such a pain to accomplish...
Bubb.love it  very  fast never had a problem
Its very good but I can't look how many my friends. I hope u can change that . But everything is ok . Thankyou :)

I shouldn't have to install messenger to see my messages.  If I didn't have.people on the other side of the country I would delete it.
Too intrusive
Itd awesome
Nice.
I have fun 8n facebook
Protest against Israel.... Free Plastine and Gaza
Gxh
Good till nw
The new update is awful on 2 accounts. Major issues with sending pictures and half the people don't have stickers. I love the new messenger bubbles though. Fix these two things and it'll be all good.   Samsung Galaxy S3
Umangsathawara 01121
Whennyour not on it it showsnfromn20 daysnago
Love it ...:-)
Five star
Pretty coo!!!
Yeah I have small problem...fpr some reason I can't seem to play any videos? ?
I would reccomend instagram over facebook because instagram is more organized and no ads or sponcers show up. But facebook is alright besides that. Also but I feel like they are copying the new ios update with messenger. And with the new update it runs way slower.
C'est l je t'ai rencontr ma chrie t'es ma vie an ce moment mme et pour toujours ma belle
Very nice..
Improving
Makes my phone run very slow and sometimes freezes up as well.
Enjoy the life with Facebook
Daunlod
This app works great and very fast on my new galaxy s4.. however when I had my iPhone 5c it crashed alot but with the android system it works alot better! ! Recommend instead of using Facebook via Internet or Safari on a cellphone.
Rohomania
Can't watch video after the update that sucks
DAily update sucks
All I can say is that I love keeping up with my families status and my closest friends as well, thank you Facebook
awesome

pretty good.
New update sucks!  Why does it default to top stories?   Very annoying.  Facebook, if its not broke, don'fix it!
I love facebook its just it never tells me when it gets an update and kicks me off.
I can't see anything on my news feed please fix it
Its so amazing allover facebook apps
Every day new update.
Awesome
pls arrange bcause i cant download videos here ... what is wrong w/ this apps.
Luv i5
Very very Nice apps
Really good app. One star off because all I ever want are the latest postings first, why does it sort any other way?!?!?
Third timer
J
It's good application more than like this application too faster than even. But sometimes these application nothing updating  yet i didn't see varuoity nothing
Facebook?
Good app
very nice app.i hv been using dis for a long tym...
Who needs snapshots 4 fb? ??? o_O but app is better than browser :-D
Well my account got hacked frm anotah computer. And IT blocked me frm trying to reset my password and then locked up on me because I was moving too fast.
Facebook
:-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-)
Only seeing Top Stories! Unable to change News Feed to "Most Recent" stories. Please fix!
I love lovely loved very very much much
I lik it
This program is huge, doesn't allow me to cut and paste text, only allows log-in for one person, takes a gig of memory and now wants me to download ANOTHER program? WTF
That i
I'm tired of this every 2 days updates.       Galaxy s5
Every time i try to load a video it comes up with an error message saying the video is unavailable, doesn't matter what media player I try to use, it doesn't work please fix this Facebook team! Many thanks ...
Cool thanks
i cant intall the app
Facebook is a necessary app to keep in touch with the community. .
Good
Evry time i turn to frndshp req or my profile n back to news feed it take me to the top of the news feeds .. its like i have to scroll whole way down back .. dat is too irritating .. plz fixx it.. dnt be ichii
Data consumption is very high!
You
I keep in contact with all my family through thisapp
Ever since the new update all.i see is past post nothing new and it only lets me look at a couple post then closes on me saying one flippin minute this new update sucks 5his is crazy still not fixed everytime i uodate i have to unistall and reinstall why
Love it
When ur chatting with some one the settings button doesn't work when I press on it nothing happens on samsung galaxy tab 4 10.1
Nice

Previouse version is so better then this.  Its totally hanging, not obey for our touch way.  Tottaly vast. Now a days i got no interest in Facebook due to this worst latest update.  Previouse is best.
I've been hacked too many times to stay on FB. I had my identity stolen and so did my husband. Sorry but I'm going to enjoy the real world for a while. Uninstalled! And what's with all of these permissions? I don't think so. Toodles
F U Facebook
Super
Nice app
Not gettin notification in my status bar
How can you justify disabling my acct solely on a person who reported it and not contact the page owner. Thats messed up then i cant find a # to contact you to have page reinstated. Thanks now i cant share my girlfriend n my babys progress.
Awesum
I like facebook I tryed to download it it want download please fix I dont like it for this moment
Good excellent
Notifications
When I have the time I try to figure things out. I'M COMPUTER ILLITERATE. I'M GETTIN THERE THO.
When I try and turn this future on I can't. There's no sign of this feature on my profile
Woooow
This is the best-disguised NSA app I've ever come across. Sure I read why what permissions are needed on the FB help page, but I don't believe that crap lol. Have at it boys! All my porn and worthless sext messages... Still like the app for faster messaging.
Great app!
I love it
See old statuses day after day.  Makes u install 2 apps for messaging. Bummer.  Severly dissapointed.  Going back old school with pc which has more freedom and better updates.
waste of time waste of mb
Takea up to much space. But is manageable.
Its take more data storage from phone
Why is facebook making this app larger after every update,  this is ridiculous,  there is no option 2 transfer this app to sd card,  plz i repeat plzzzzz... fix this problem
This app is too much it takes too much space and it so slow to download
Very nice.
nice social site
Yup
No Help. Cannot download to phone. Should be able to delete others posts like email do not so many adds and unwanted junk.
Wasting my time since oct 2009
Looking for option not showing....
Good but not gr8
The a super idea
Fun
Sucks
FAcebook is the best
Stop updating everyday even sometimes twice a day! Plan your stuff out!!!!
I like Facebook
I like it
Uuuugh frustrating
New Update is freezing up!!!! Needs to get fix quick!!!!!
It works
Bhagat
This new update sucks! Two apps? No! *uninstall*
Wildpeach
Firstly, i cannot unfollow any post that i replied. And the second, it always automatically refresh the page, losing all what i just read on my newsfeed far below. Usually i had to give in and pass along, but now is too much....  Update: after the latest update, i can say i am satisfied with Facebook. Great, keep it up! =) ** i just update the new one. Although i dont really like it, i guess i need to get use to it. But i really want the other inbox to be visible in the mobile app too...
Facebook
New design was good. More Update need for this app. Very hanging app. Using most ram and internet data. Very slowely loading photos . Pls fix this.
This app is pretty good. It has a nice interface and all but I just hate how it doesn't have an option for uploading pictures in High Quality. Facebook has that option when you're uploading pictures in your album, you can choose to check the High Quality box for better quality looking uploads. I just hope that you give us that option too in this app, so that our uploaded pictures wouldn't look grainy.
Good
It's great and handy
Videos always crashes
Get rid of swipe away comments and instead give us swipe away photos like it is on iPhone?
Faster facebook
Facebook
Cc
Its so great.
I think the title says it all.
Please provide Option to copy text
Great
Kylie
Love facebook
It's  really help me to find my friends.
Instead of ADDING the Messenger App, how about I just DROP the bloated, battery-draining Facebook App & access fb via the web?
It freezes my phone until I close the app completely
The application works well.
The mobile website is years ahead in terms of features and reliability. Review still stands with my nexus 5. Taking away messages, so we have to install another sub par, battery sucking app, is a bad move
Reloads on the middle of me looking through my time line, making me go back through and waste my data.  I choose to view the most recent posts and it shows me a couple that are recent then jumps to 12 hours ago or yesterday. This does not allow me to see people's posts.
Too much space is needed
To   changed   your    account  and    keep   the    passwords    to    your    salf   don't ,  let   anyone   see    it .  their    aggressive ,   don't    trust     them .
I can't seem to find on the news feed section on how to set it to show the feed from the newest posts moving forward. It's kinda confusing. Help?
New android update is so ugly and limits space by adding new bar at the top (above old one that is redesigned now)
Allow us to tag in photos & remove friends on thier page!
Okkkkk
Love&joy
Five star
Its perfect no bugs or anything
There is not point having FB without messenger. So there is no point having it on my phone!
Faced
Good
Need to restart to load new feeds.
Every day birthday reminder not come. And cant wish from app
Keeping w/ up all myFB friends..faster than better...see what happy are too.....: )
Good
I don't see alot of up dates. I see alot of stuff that is days old. How do I fix that?
Facebook
It makes using fb easier
I'd like to share a link via private message, just like the web version; Start the session viewing the most recent updates; Delete an event of my events;
Best..
Sue
Cool
There
MAC
good app but still waiting on the Shazam-like music/tv  ID feature. also, if there was a way to save your preference of "view recent posts" like on the web
I love it.
Awesome
Extremely TICKED I can't sync my fb photos to my gallery on my phone anymore!
Buggy, weird interface, tries to do a lot and fails in a bunch but it's Facebook, so we gotta live with it...
Yes this time its better then earlier but a little problem which us left behind is the problem of severals time updates of this app.so,kindly improve it.thank you to listen.
Its just not my favorite app
I lost the last 2 updates.. and again download the app but it run jst like the same, too much ram consuming & too much lageing. Plz fix it.
Its good to me.
W
Good
It is having problems retreving information. Need to update that.

Share anything of my activity and mood.
Hi! I'm from singapore which mean my internet is fast, so I expect for a faster upload I rated 2 stars and I will add 3 more stars if you can fix it! so pls......
Awesome app like it
I tried fixing permisions. DroidX
Com.facebook.katana not responding. Would give it no stars if i could
Fcking awesome !!
So far,  good aplication
Thanks!
Facebook browser
Good.
Takbo
Best app
Awesome app
I wish I can move this app to external SDcard, just too big file size for my phone
Galaxy giardiants
I loveit
But it takes tooo much time to load a page.
So far so good
Great but, contain much lag
The app keeps on freezing up my phone
Facebook is awesome
Really like the app. Easy to use. I would like to see you guys make it easier to find friend's comments on a status because me and buddy tag each other often and it gets bothersome losing previous comments just to find what they are trying to tell you. Maybe keep friend's status on top? Would be cool! Two thumbs up though for what you guys done so far b(^___^)d
All these updates and no significant change. AND NO not interested in a messenger app, I'd rather not fb chat.
Recent update ? #Hateit !!!! First the desktop NOW MOBILE APP ??! #NOTPLEASED ...
Maurag
Never works right
Gut
Where you can be all you an be
Nice
Wish it was a smaller file but otherwise its good :)
Familys Husband Daughters Sons Sister Brudas Grandchildrens Necies Nephews
Perfect
I cant even open it with the new update... Thanks for making it worse
Why do we need to forcedly install the Facebook Messenger app in order to use messaging? Before the update, I'm happy and satisfied using FB with all of its features without having to install any other app. Will you please fix this crap? I now hate it.
when i want to upload pic it says force close plz slove the plz......then i give 5 star...
When watch video or picture...so annoying.
Good very good
Loved it 
Les doy las 5
Nothing on this app makes any sense. Its like a coffee shop for looozers
Good but it's annoying that you can't reply to comments. If you change that I'll give 5 stars
I love it
Runs smooth...layout gets updates alot, but never have an issue with it force closing.
It is getting better. For every step forward they take 2 steps back..........
thhavhihe bx
Keep reloading, how come? Does it being tested before release?
Love it!!!
Top memory consumer
Great
Keep the posts in chronological order not this mixed up bull crap you do
Err
What's with this "comment failed" issue. I'm constantly getting it.  Commenting is literally the point of social media.   Come on,  guys. Stop updating unnecessary things and fix the real problems.
Uses to much Ram, crashes,  put most recent and allway goes back to top stories??? Can't see fotos.....ect I can write all night how much this version SUCK!!!
Love it
Good but not best
Good app
I'd be happy if I can change my name. Please make that happen :)
We have seen for the past 15 years how technology has been rapidly improving. Tablets, laptops etc. Facebook was on trend 5 years ago but now everyone is tweeting or using instagram & all that. It's clear now that Fb has to keep up. This app is and has been killing my phone. I can literally count with my fingers how many times it has worked for the past 2/3 years. EVERYTIME I try to open it, it keeps crashing. It even crashes when I didn't touch! I could write a 3 page essay. Pls Facebook, get it together!!
What I like best is communicating with family and friends all over the world.
I lve fb
Who is designing this? I DO NOT WANT TO SEE TOP STORIES ONLY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Wow.... you HAD a good app but now what is the point. Uninstalled 1 star. Too bad you can't vote zero and still have it count.
Blah
Look him up
Faster
Good
Facebook
Was able to find family I didn't see for 35 years,  Thank you.  Need to make it easy to copy posts and some articles without having save it on my phone first.  Thank you Facebook!!!  =) today 7/3/14 , please fix this for Android Facebook dont have the option to wether hide or Share Friends list on the Time line, in my case i want to hide my friend List to everyone on my Facebook account, regards and thank you
Good
Timeline is never in order
Great loved it
Force closes every time when using the new voice message service
Jari
Best app ever :)
This app is suppose to be convenient, why can't u get my messages properly?? Please fix this, i rather is the app when out
Very good apps....... tnxs....
Great app
Hate this update it always crashes on me!
Stop doing updates every night!
Lies about features Worthless why should I have to have two apps for the same thing Facebook app and messenger app in fact uninstalling this piece of crap app that lies about its features maybe you need to beat the monkey that's running Facebook reported for false information on features
Manas Dutta
It's Facebook.   Enough said.
Good
It keeps kicking me out when I view my pictures and no filters to put unlike the iPhone app ! Terrible on Samsung galaxy S5 !
Average
Facebook
First timer
Great app
I love fb
Doesn't load online friends, pictures, or messages
The best
Like it! !! <3
Awesome!
Costantly force closing,and constant problems on G2 HTC Android
Facebook
I have the S5
Good
Good
good
It so gr8 i use it all da time
Hi
I absolutly love this app just wish it was faster
Very slow response..
es muy mala el facebook anterior lo podeis encontrar se llama zero facebook
Mr
Ok its been all day trying to download and i know Italy the app what Ian wring it just started acting upp all of a sudden so i deleted it know it wonto download
Can't live with out it
Yuukkkk.....
I  love it
Love this app
Nice to chat on it
