Ilove  you
Best ever
Nice apps
Latest version is better now and faster than before...
Cannot post any pictures
Not working well aftr updation
Love it <3
I like Facebook but this app takes up so much space and is lagy as hell.Fix please.
App uses too much space
Always getting connection errors. My newsfeed is always one to two days behind.
The app keeps freezing and making my phone force close it. And it takes more than double more storage than it used to
Nice
Facebook
A Man of his words.for those who think I'm dopey think twice because I'm after you.
Longest
Sweet way to catch up with old friends
Works great own my Samsung nexus !!! Love it
Great application!!!
A lot less useful without messaging
Its excellent
Connecting peoples I love this app....
I actually like facebook !... but it's getting slower day after day can you please fix the problem but i would likebto rate this app and give you 5 stars !
Its stops working sometimes
It keeps freezing up 
The old design is better. This is slow you have to keep changing  the news feed to most recent
Fabulous               kamal Ka aap ha
Liked it.
it doesnt work on my sony ericson xperia e15i. Please fix it
I love it
Samsung S5
It's great
Please be advised that you are being monitored. Let's make sure this school year is a safe one. Thank you for working with Huntex Inc.
Why would I give an app the ability to do so much with out my permission.  At no point does it need to make phone calls/text messages with out me even knowing. And access to my camera and microphone with out me knowing. Get out of here with that.
*******
Lots of viruses seem to find their way in through facebook. Lots of stuff that doesn't work the way it's supposed to or, that causes my hardware not to function the way that it's supposed to. Why can we not personalize our page layout?  Or even at least the color scheme? Lots of bugs need to be worked out and, really needs a better lay out. (if we can't choose our own) Just needs a complete makeover really. If fb would just listen to its user feedback ,it has potential to really be a great site.
It is so easy to share all information.
Same reason I won't get the messenger app don't want or need facebook going through my phone
Good
Good connection for friends to connect.  With pic, etc.
Too slow n uses entirely too much space
Good
Its ok
Nice and good
Ok
keep getting random spammy calls from facebook.
yintun
Great
Update
Love it
The newest version of facebook is forcing you to download facebook messenger
I'm from egypt and the app is now working on my mobile or my friends or family mobile .. We tried reinstalling it but it didn't work i'm sure the wrong is witj fb bcz whatsapp and twitter are working tottaly fine
i love this one
I open the app and all it does is freeze up, can't scroll without it freezing up.  Latest update is junk.
0 star . I hate it consumes to much internal memory. It sucks.
Great
Excellet for Information Sharing...
Downloaded the Facebook app roughly 2 years ago, and was satisfied until they forced you to download the messenger app to access your inboxes. Rumour has it that the messenger app keeps track of all data written or read through it. Plus it drains your battery.
Ohhhhhh ummmmmm there are flaws but it's good.<(£þ¦á£þ)> []~(£þ¨Œ£þ)~* (£þ©n£þ)(>_<)
Horrible
Sonetime its running slow and always and new things but give me notice
Workeyyy kerrr x
I love this app and it would be epic if they developed a video chat feature! (Samsung Note II on 4.3 JB)
Mavulan
Its good but
Privacy invasion galore.
Love Facebook
Keeps kicking me out..and can't watch videos. .
I always share my filling s here
Great
Try it !
Mengasihh stakk tab lorhh ;3
I cant upload pic after i update. Sucksssss. Fix it pls..
This facebook app sucks..Thats all i got to say about it..It takes too long to download & log in.. after u log in it lags way too much..it forecloses too much...fix it.
EVERY ONE WHO INSTALLS FACEBOOK IS GIVING THEM ACCESS TO EVERYTHING IN YOUR PHONE. AND I MEAN EVERYTHING. LOG OUT OF YOUR FAVEBOOKS AND UNINSTALL THE APP. ITS NOT WORTH THE PRICE WHEN THEY ALL HACK INTO OUR PHONES. I warned you people.
I enjoyed it
Love it
Itkuul
#Ilikethisapp
This is a good app because it is easyer to get on Facebook then going no browser
Great wowo
I like Facebook mobile I don't need to use computer anymore
Its ok... vedio download is not possible  fix it.....
Is the best
keren
Love it...
I love talking with friends.
Ok
NICE BUT HANGS UP ON HTC EXPLORER
nandu
The app runs really well and is fast, but it eats up a lot of my device's memory.
Facebook
This is a joke, passing out your contact info pictures phone numbers. If you want to spam your friends this is for you
love it...
Don't look Iike it.Too many people
Nice !
Fast
images and videos are not loading properly. not even profile picture
Best
Good
Take a look at what the app has access to and what it can do on your phone. Disgusting. Zero privacy. So distasteful of a company. No longer feel safe on the site nor do I trust it.
The app is way too big and now forcing people to get another app for messages...
Good
Too much info gathering. This is something I'm very worried about.
Facebook
amichelle
Tried the latest version of fb version 16.0.0.*. Still the same "incompatible update" for android 4.4.2. Not tested in all models. Poor testing team
Not helpful at all  I don't know why....!
OK for the most parts. Some basic functions like adding event in group is missing.
:-)
This app really works just click accept and there you go 5 stars ;-)
Soled
Amaaazing I looooove it
Very  good
Loved it much
Heavily bloated
Bien bale...
Messages???? R U serious?
Set up
this new app realy sucks!! yu cant go to yur inbox unless yu download massenger, it takes too much space moreover it's invading our privacy..
My fscebook keeps freezing up but otherwize its good
No matter how many times I try to kill the Facebook process and services it just restarts itself. Very disappointed Facebook.
'Nuff said
Hate the new update!! The status "extras" disappear instantaneously. So sick of this app
Since FB has become intrusive it's also become less reliable.
I hate messenger and nothing is working in my newsfeed on my Samsung Proclaim. Goodbye fb app :-\
hi
It's the same as b4
Need better video player                                 better animations
Keeps crashing! Its OK but very frustrated with it.
I hate it when u uninstalled it it wont lat u re install it grrrrrrr
myanmar,myeik
Verry good
It freezes up my phone and is slow.
Every time I try to do any combo of checking-in/tagging people/adding a photo, the app crashes. When doing a check-in, it seemingly will allow you to do so to multiple places. This doesn't work and crashes the app. This release has been super buggy and really annoying.  Widget only works 1/2 the time! Will go blank, and you can't click on it to get to the app. The whole app will freeze and you can't use it again until you restart your phone!
6666666
Freezes on videos, then forces closed
U need to go back to fb messages no one likes the new way its no ones business what im doing or be able to watch every move and have my info .need to changr back to old way or I will deleate my account with fb..
You will never get your old Facebook back..... Forward, up, over, and out.
ALRIGHT
i  was waiting for this update  #Awesome
App will not download for me again. I keep trying though.
I don't know why.. Bit Facebook app seems to use lot of bandwidth over 3G.
Can you go back where you can look up video albums please in everyone's profile
With that new messenger for Facebook being available, I can't read my messages unless I have the new app. I got the Facebook app thinking I could access all my Facebook needs. I shouldn't have to download another app to access part of it. I liked the app, until it wouldn't let you read your own messages.
Awesome
Verry on thier game
Facebook
Cool fun to visit
For some reason the new updates are making the Facebook app freeze frequently on my Galaxy S4. While scrolling through it will just suddenly freeze or close. Pls fix.
Love facebook
Come on, its Facebook. Everyone uses it. To require this much free space on a phone is ridiculous.
OK
Excellent

Its completely amazung
LOVE FACEBOOK
<3ed alot
I get on it to speak to my family only. So people got to much drama
I never had any problems until recently.  Now fb app freezes every time I use it. Please fix!!!!!
Super
Better but don't like how I can no longer copy when typing in the Comments section.  I also hate how you can no longer send messages within the app.  I bumped up my rating though because this version seems more stable.
What would life be like without the  FACEBOOK?
I'm OK with the new facebook. But it keeps freezing up my phone. I click on it, and I start to scroll through and it automatically closes by itself. Sometimes my status won't post.
What the hell it wasnt even updating giving unsufficient space error even though i have more than 200mb left on both phone and sd card fix d crappy error or i will surely uninstall it :-(   not worth even for 1star
Its Facebook. We are all practically forced into downloading and becoming part of Facebook now. Like the rest of the herd having been strongly urged to have this app
I love it
Ala lang
Just sucks
I like it
This has to be the worst update ever. News feed won't stay on most recent. The only thing that keeps me from deleting this app it's the only option I have to upload pics!!
1 billi downloads and only a 4 star rating.  What's it take to get 5 stars
Photos n mail
Great
Shite
No problems at all well done Facebook its the perfect app
EXCELLENT
Very fast
says it has a new layout.  nothing at all has changed!!!
Work fantastic
Waste of memory takes up too much space and slow and always crashes
I Like
Awesome apps but to much of memory usage
I I I liked it sooo yhoo all suck
Awesome app :-)  just I will rate it  5 if you make messenger with this app
Great app
Always crash
Due to mesenger i will giv zero
Nice
Me gusta
Loads and plays parts of videos or will show image whilst listening to the video that's meant to be playing then all I get is a message saying can not play video
Social Network
Facebook
You want access to my what?!?! I don't think so! Force me too use another app that is another invasion of privacy...nope not going to happen. Uninstalling and quitting Facebook.
Its,slow
Now it takes forever to load.
Really convenient
I bet you'll like it.!
Its..so very nice..version.....I like it..so much
Good
I've always enjoyed Facebook however the problem here is I cannot upload a video this seriously irritates me I've had to uninstall and reinstall just to get rid of the notification then it causes algorithm complications with my phone even working until I uninstall the application dev team you need to get this fixed
Facebook
It wants access to sms messages on phone, contact list and calendar..why? Why does Facebook want to read my text messages?
It keep doing whatever it wants
ART compatibility needed
Good app don't like messenger
This is random!
With this on android,  my laptop is no more needed.
Faster than before.
I still can't see the newer posts or have the option to change it from older to newer please help
Greatly
No QA on the new versions. Same thing with the chat software.
Live
It became very booooring now , the home page doesn't change for a long while .. Every time I click refresh it appears the same posts with a few new staff
Just can't get enough of FB....keep up the good work
I love it
Besides the foreclosing.
Changes need to be made!  I am constantly updating the login on my new galaxy S 5.  What am I doing wrong!!!!!
I like this
Great
its keeps me connected with old pals
Great
Never. Can watch videos etc
LG G3. App constantly force closes as I am scrolling through my feed. At least twice a day.
Its a good app for facebook at least i dont have to go through the net probs
Awesome
Bttr
This download dast
I got an updat this morning did it and now my Facebook will do nothing.. I either get a blue screen and it shuts off or I get a blk screen that forse closes on me every time
I'm on Google + and Twitter far more.
Keep freezing my phone with those stupid video that start by themself
I'm Finding Old Friends And Family!
It takes up too much space on my phone and it was really slow!!
You don't let G
Won't allow me to set Newsfeed to Most Recent. Please fix.
too invasive and restrictive
Fantastic app and really well designed.   Just remember that you're only getting this for free because Facebook needs to harvest your private data to make money.   If,  like me,  you have family and friends that don't care or understand about that,  at least the app's offerings are top notch.   Do yourself a favor and just ignore Facebook messages.   Fb messenger isn't worth it
Love facebook
Awesome app
75% of the time I click over to a webpage then back again, it takes me to the top of the feed. No matter if I had scrolled down through an entire day's worth if posts, almost always back to the top. FIX THAT! HTC One.
Duh....
Cocks!!
Cool for me and other people
Awesome
:(
Does allow me to use this app on my samsung phone
Mr Montie
i like it this new updated app !!
Since latest update I can't save or delete pics in my inbox ! Please fix this problem so I can continue to share sparkles and sunshine with my friends in the FaceSpace world !  Thanks a bunch and a half ! ;)
I love this aap.
Spinning off messenger kills Facebook for me. Using the app less and communicating with Google Hangouts more as a result.
Its important to contact with friends
Love fb lets me keep in touch with family and friends
Why is Facebook able to send and receive text messages, read my call log, record audio and take pics without my knowledge, delete info, store info, alter info, turn my Wi-Fi on and off, make my screen stay on, and a bunch of other invasive things without my permission? The only reason I an keeping this is because I need it to contact friends and fam who live far away otherwise I will delete it again but these invasions of privacy need to be addressed!!!!
I opened to see the requirements because I was curious since people started bashing the messenger app. The FB app itself guarantees less privacy than the flipping app!!! Are you kidding me? Wtf Facebook.. We need our privacy especially if over a billion people have this app. Please take your users into account...
Gayyyy
Loved it
I like this app when i am signed in but i"m not using it on app my messages and friend requests and  other stuff  comes straight to my phone from this app i love it so i rate it a 5 star
Totally Love It!
Looking through the permissions for this app and I'm wondering are they actually required? Modifying my contacts making calls reading text msg and the such. Apart from taking all my personal data what else are you doing. I think I'll be deleting this, but what worries me more is what you do with the information from minors?
Nice
There some nice stuff out there
Like
Keeps freezing. Need to fix this!!!!!!
The new update drains my battery and causing my phone to overheat.
I love Facebook and all my friends
I love Facebook but it's unfortunately slow and heavy
Update
It's nice get to communicate with family
I just cant. Fix this please.
Lok
Why all the updates?
Every time I try going onto the app it keeps crashing and I have sent out soo many reports its ridiculous. I am very sick of not being able to use this app. Even if I try to deactivate and reactivate it still crashes within minutes of using the app. Please have this fixed ASAP because I would love to continue using Facebook
Nice.
The messaging is bull crap.
WTF BRING BACK THE MOST RECENT AND TOP VIEW OPTIONS FOR NEWS FEED.
Sucks real bad since last update. Won't load pictures and screen keeps freezing and shutting itself down....
Ok
I hate messenger..and you prevented my to see my messeges without messenger....I hate messenger cuz it takes all my ram...it's useless app because facebook messenger inside it :/ pls erase that thing in facebook that blocks me see my messeges whithout messenger installed
Was working great until I let it update. Now it is horrible. I can't view any pictures. I wish i never updated
No comment thx
When I go on the Internet for facebook I always have 2 refresh but I download the app an it works good :)
Vimlakunwar
App sucks now that messenger is a separate app
Its like a must to move to home screen of my phone every time i open this app.
Facebook is amazing
Very good
Cool but still needs work
Good
I refuse to download a secondary app to do something I already could. I don't need you to market me anything, since I research everything I buy, stop wasting my data bandwidth to datamine. You're wasting my time and yours as well. Give people like me an option to turn custom experience off or 'the very least limit it to within choices made inside of Facebook only. Also fix the sucky upload quality. If I upload something in 1080p show it in 1080p, I hate having to upload things to YouTube then posting links.
Best always! !
From what i have obeserved.my facebook is getting slower every update
Its not good bad update i cant share its comming out
Still as good as before
I mean I can pull up stuff and save pics but when u log out u log out its complacated u should fix it and like it will freeze and i have to restart my phone
No in built messaging. I don't want a chat option. I want to be able to check messages when I want to, not when you think I should.
I don't like it but it's oki.  Idk
Good
wow
Videos usually show a "cannot play video" message when I click on it. I have to click the video multiple times to actually view it or some won't play at all. Sony Xperia Z
Love it
Best app
Since today's update on my phone, it says Facebook is incompatible. Wtf.....:-/
Open downloading facebook application
If you don't like this app uninstalled forever and stop swearing app BLEEP AND BLEEP
Good
Sucks..
Since
Goood
Shiit
Areli. Chavez
Fobulosa
Thank you facebook because you helped to find my friend for 15 years I did not find.
Why do shade of p
Let's me see what's going on with my family and friends when I don't have to download it,that don't work very good.
Amazin
Huge invasion of privacy
Wandarfull
Totally awsom
Review by me.
Awesome
Thank you for giving me the choice. 5 star for not needing the messenger app :)
Good
It sucks ...you have to install messenger and i dont like that app
Can't watch any video always stops playing half way thru...2 updates and still the same problem..
I can't comment on any post published on any event ! And I can't share my books and reviews from the application " good reads " although that I activated that option .
Im satisfy
The only things I think need to be fixed are #1, if someone tags you to a post or you comment, it has a place that says Stop Notifications, so your phone won't ring all day, but the button doesn't seem to work!!! #2, if I comment on a stat, when I check my notifications later, it'll keep going back to one particular stat for like a week or 2!?!
We're just on a rollercoaster downward as Facebook continues to take away our privacy and allow more and more a big brother to watch over us. I'm ready to install and go back to living life the old fashioned way
The app sits on (setting up Facebook) And never finishes and the app takes too much space....still 1star
What happened? My facebook app won't load anymore. Blue screen that says setting up facebook left it on for 20 mins. Still won't load It always worked fine on my phone but not anymore. Please fix this problem!! HTC one V android os
Some
The existing browser mobile app works better, has more features, and doesn't force you to use a separate messenger app. Just one example: you can't edit your posts with this app, but you can with the browser mobile site. What was fb thinking putting out an app that's worse than what they already had? Am uninstalling now.
its a good app hm....
Nie moge czytac wiadomosci gdy ktos ze znajomych rozpoczyna ze mna czat
Slowest n frustrating app ever seen. Huge size app. Consumes big part of device memory. Can't play videos, get error.
I loveit
The only thing I don't like is when I post a lot of pics, when someone likes or comments on one, I click on the notification and it takes me to the comments and likes, but, it doesn't show me WHICH pic they are commenting on or liking.  It used to. But not anymore.
Please change/go back to the old way of getting fb messages. I hate messenger!
Always lags and quits, using S3 on JB 4.4
Good
Love it
Awesome
Uninstalled.
The facebook is getting older the more it consumed larger phone memory space.. I cant message my friend without installing fb messenger ... Please Facebook help. .. I do not need messenger because my phone phone memory is so limited. .. please help me.
I love it so much it ix  a good app for social working nd much more <3
Thanx to facebook
I used to use the Facebook app to periodically check my notifications & messages. As of a recent update, I can no longer check my messages without installing another app. Uninstalled.
Lied
Smood
Good
It the best
Prakash kumar
I love my facebook
It's slow
(y)
All gathering ? Righteous shite !
Keeps telling me session Expired and I'm not even logged in.
Way way slower since I updated sometimes can't even log in just says setting up Facebook!! Please fix!!
I'm like this app.
Aslam
App
What is wrong with this app?! At first it won't update my notifications, so uninstalled then reinstalled it. Now that its reinstalled it wont let me log in coz of my Internet Connection or some socket thing, even though i have an awesome wifi signal. PLEASE FIX THIS
Great
I LIKE IT
Doesn't load the news feed
Excellent
Fb is awful it's so slow..runs terrible. .The design is boring and dull ..someone please create a new social site
Good
The instead message is not for me
Kaleel mandakoli
Myspace here I come again!!!!! Its easier and you can change it to what you want it to look like. And Facebook is sooo overrated, I hate Facebook it sucks!!!
Try it
We put photos in albums for a reason.  Camera roll makes you scroll for 20 minutes to find a photo that you want to add to a post.  Absurd!  Get rid of this!
Good
I like this app.and more
pom
fantastic
alo
Ok
Take the police off it would be 5
Takes too much space
Every one vedeo cannot  be paly
<3
New up date sucks!!!! Doesn't show any pictures takes up too much space takes forever to upload!!!!!!!!
Is fantastic
And they want to force you to install an unneeded messaging app that promises more of the same. Lately if I try to post a youtube video, it doesn't work, and my and others likes and comments showing up randomly in the wrong posts. It was bad enough concerning its size and impact on my systen, now it doesn't even work AND you're forcing people to bend over to your will? Good bye.
i dont think its rite that the owner of fb is letting pigs b in r private convos,im deleting my fb cuz of this
it doesn't load my news feed. freezes up mid scroll. can't like things 90% of the time. I've deleted the updates and reupdated it 15 times. this is a terrible app that I would NOT recommend to anyone.
Facebook
Video album been removed was on other day now has gone
Bring back messages
Randomly will freeze until i go to home screen and back onto fb, but only this app does it, all happened after update
But sometimes it crashes alot
Lovely
What the hell is yup with the stupid updates!!! You all keep messing things up with each update.
Nice
Assalamualaikum.
Love this app
Hey bro
Long live
Messenger Nazis
Each time they do an update it gets more invasive back to using a browser as I uninstalled  the app.
butch
Always close and logout itself ! And always not responding. Bad apps.
This app so much!  Great job folks!
I cannot play videos please fix this
Crap update! fix it! keep getting "Error loading news feed" ohh and seperate messenger app is (INSERT SWEAR WORD)  Also both apps keep crashing when running in the background, and makes my tablet useless (MORE SWEAR WORDS)
Love it
Very usefful in our family life... The best medium for communication to our love ones
Can't comment anymore by hitting the "+" sign, plus it switched sides and covers the profile pics. Weird choice ...are Jr high kids running this show
Don't like it
keep crashing all the time.
It takes to long to download come on!!!!!
It takes alot of memory in my phone I wish you could decrease that, this app is not responding sometimes. But it's a good app :)

Rainbow
Thanks for your hard work.  Really appreciate it. Great update for the application.
Constantly force closes on me or non responsive. Please fix!
Video Error
Love it
Download in workin on me mxm.xxxx hated this
Just ok
Not me
Love it
The update my phone made today totally sucks!! It wont let me tag my friends, what im doing is gone, location is gone and everything esle kinda sucks! Fix it cause I had to remove all updates!!
speed up
I really love this app. <3
Nice app
Fix it back you bunch of narks
Every time I close out of FB an ad of some kind or other opens up! What's up with this? Very irritating having to close these ads. Please, remove this feature in your next update. If it wasn't for the ad's I would have rated this app a 5!
If any of my friends upload a personal videos it doesn't play. Only videos that have a link eg: YouTube
Bro
Stupid update crashes when i didn't even want to update
Don't like that you are forced to get the messenger if you want to talk to some one now.
Kinda Lame
Good application
great app instead of me getting on the web
Just cause I can
Sup
Kadak
Face bk app . really good . a lot quicker too.
Need new theme
Takes up way too much memory
Good...
Why it doesn't load the new feeds only says error loading new feeds, that's only while I'm on wifi but on 4g it works Ok, please fix it cause I use Facebook more on wifi
Good
This last update makes it constantly freeze
No ulou baning
Hshshs
Unable to download the latest update on my phone because this is a factory app and am unable to move it to external memory. Why do I need a seperate app just to view my messages when this one gives me notifications, yet am unable to view them with this app? Its pointless and wastes memory. Also, why do I keep getting notifications of popular status updates? Thats the last thing this app needs! Also, if I have not used this on a mobile device and have been messaging someone,  why does the app need to tell me about these messages I have recieved and already seen and replied to on another device? The moment I turn wifi on - Facebook goes crazy with notifications! Notifications for individual messages! The messenger app should be optional not compulsory!!!!!!!
unable to install
Facebook already takes up so much space and now making us get the messenger app to see our messages! Retarded and stupid, it was fine the way it was!
It takes up to much space. Plus it won't let me see my messages with out the messenger app. And it cuts off allot taking me to my home screen. But other than that I like it.
I dont like the fact that you  NEED to have the Messenger app. Specially because of the fact that it knows what you do and what type and anything you do. Nope dont like that
fix the problem please my phone is samsung note3 N9005
Good
Won't stay on most recent post setting. Uninstalling.  I now won't install any FB updates untill posts stay set to most recent.
N.joi.n it n also the nu friends n groups av joined. And slso caught up old friends....xxx :-D
Awesome
Skin God
It go 140 mb .. Dot up
Invasive slow clunky
Now that its put loads of apps on! I don't like it. How irritating is that!?!
since i updated the new software for my s4, facebook application freezes for seconds and then shuts down all of a sudden. i think facebook applicaton needs to be updated to match with the new software update.
I love facebook
Its alright
Love it
Its good
It starting to take to much space while updating it seems every other day
There is a major difference in the iOS version and the android version. The android version sucks after using the iOS version
App crashes on all devices
It an ok app
Book is looking in my face
Incompatable update for sony experia E1
Gets worse all the time. News feed doesn't load. How can it be so rubbish?
Not bad
Real Quick
Keeping in touch
Protest against Israel , Please Stop Using Facebook
Its very entertaining

Good app, I love it.
Now its a 2 cause u r forsing ppl to use megger went to kerp it u there is no no thanks no not now its down load up or learn norr soundd like ur bossibg ppl i dont with to use it cause most ups u ppl got have virsuses hu now u  cam fix that rite now so i csn talk ti my friends wuth out u making me down load it or it can go to 1 star then 0 ur chonce grow balls amd fix it  now 2meny hackers to
It will not let make my account because I am typing in my password and email the right ones but it still won't let me in
I had it be for updating  my  phone but now It will not  re-installed
Love it when it works without any glitches. I rated this 4 stars because I don't have messenger if I don't download the app. Well I guess I won't be using Facebook messenger.
Keeps cutting out on me
Put it in a bin. Then burn it.
I've deleted this app for privacy violation. people delete this app from your phone it's unbelievable the permission they asking to have
my phone freeze frequntly and has become almost useless post the intallation of this app. Removing it to get my phone back to working condition.
nice apk.
Takes too long to open.
Fb lover mark zakabargzzz
Goodjob
ho jh
Its not like i was surprised like I said its facebook
Back to 5 stars. Thanks for fixing the LG He video play back. All is well again. Whew
You
Crap
You have to download two apps to be able to message
../..
I love Facebook
Thum up for me
Facebook is messedup these days.  Way too much Distractify.
Great app
The app is designed to be heavy and has to be more light weight n quick.
Undoubtably great!!
Very good app.. .one of the best till date...
Alam
simply superb
Good for all
App will not allow me to enter confirmation code which is essential to access. Please fix this ASAP and I'll re-rate the app. Thx.
.
Fantastic.  Nice work
Facebook has become a garbage tool
I only need to see messages but not install stupid Messagers
Face book has a lot to see and i have alot of friends there
Kindly Add Copy Past..
Awesome
Good
Not able to install
It keeps closing out
Superb...its make.....easy....2...use
dosent load my videos stops too much
I shouldn't have to download fb messenger.
The latest version stops working after a few minutes.
It won't put the app on my front screen
the thumbnails of my friends that is their icons or tiles are not opening . even in the messenger its completely white on the circular space where their profile picture is to be displayed
Aap
Well i enjoy Facebook, well use too. Reason being is because before everything was well organized and just fun. Now, i can't play certain videos which sucks and i can't see my messages due to you guys demanding Facebook messenger. This already takes up a majority of the space on my phone n kills my battery constantly. Im slowly giving up on Facebook.
The best social media ever!
Straight
I like this soft.
okey
Ay love facebook
V
Change back to original keep it simple
@ Ganeshotav
Slowed down WI-FI
Good
Good
Very good site
Facebook
Deepthsuvsanga
To young have to be 13 years old
It doesn't let me sign up! Plz fix this problem!;(
I never had glitches in my phone now it take a long time to upload and when watching videos it plays for few seconds then stops.... this sucks fb you guys messed up my s**t totally mad I would rate you a a zero but unfortunately I can't but in words you earned big five 00000.....
Ganpatibappa moriya
Itz gud...bt we shd use it carefully. ..
Had this app on my phone for ages and just don't a system update and it won't re install. Please fix this problem.
Sometimes it dont work
Very good
I can find friends and family!!!!!!
Its not  working
Ok
But it needs a big memory size make the app better and make it use less memory size thanks
Thank you for the one who create this & I love it always:).
This update is so slow. it takes forever to open a page/profile and load photos. Fix your sh*t fb.
Keeps freezing, does play videos etc
Eats too much battery!!! Do something please
Seher gut danke.
Rubel oman
Rlly easy to use
Zabardast
Yo yo
I wish I could rotate my photos my phone always uplands them side ways, also I wish I could see more recent updates of others it's like it only shows the most popular ones
Slows my phone down so uninstalled!
Good
Iloveson
Love it
Fine
Stupidest update ever! I should've never updated.. it was working until I updated! Sucker!
Superb
What If I don't wanna put my real name, what if I want a nickname or something, BOO!!!! I don't like the so obvious privacy options accessible to everyone!!!
epic
Awesome!
Kay
Wawooooo
Can't post a status update, when I check in the nearby screen pops up two or three times, sharing never actually appears. Pictures sometimes never load. This has been consistent for a year solid. Now browsing Facebook is even unbearably slow...
Awesome app
I love it
I love it
I am having serious problems with fb app on both my mobile phone and tablet device since last update, it keeps crashing and glitching on my mobile device and on my tablet it glitches and it loses page content? Since I use my tablet more and I require my company page to stay connected to customers I found it really disappointing. Please can you sort out your bugs fb.
love facebook
Nice
Mast
Too goid
Fast and easy
It rubbish
Awesome
aap
Good but some how slow
Top Junk app! Thanks for the update! Uninstalled right away!
My favorite social app
Better than like it
Love It :-!!!,
I like easy to used and smart looking also helpful to communicate
Good app though takes up too much space and battery and slows the fone..requires fb messenger and both cause the fone to slow..other apps cant be used at times or fone starts heating
I like it but I hate that it doesn't show me the most recent statuses.
Rambabu.mandal
Working
A great need
Hate it when I'm reading a post and it sends me up to the most recent post. Very annoying!
Could be better. I have a Sony Z1 & can only view videos while using mobile data on this app, whenever I try to play video using WiFi I always see the following message: Sorry, but an unknown error occurred while trying to play this video. Please sort out this bug as I never have problems playing video while using WiFi on any other app.
Gud job
Its a great way to comunicate with ur famley and friends
A good app.
MMV
Whenever I open this app I feel it is little bit slow...Please try to improve it..also, it would be great if you can give us a option to apply thems
very slow
communication across world
Slower
I don't like the way fb looks its so difficult and its boring can you make it so we can change the color or something
Great app
I hated the need to have a separate app for messages
Bhanu deb
Keep it up guys
Doesn't let me install it this app sucks now
Siddhi
Me
I've not updated yet but like some apps after updates you power your phone off then switch it on again 99% of the time that cures everything.
No waz awesome
BUT...... The new facebook messenger .. NO .. it sucks .. and dont relly trust it .

Very slow
I dont mind it but there r a few things they can fix
App is gettin slow...
It keeps closing on me... so annoying...
Goodnight love how are the only thing is that we are you get a chance of
Its good for me   I love it
Slow and that's 
I love this application
Love it
Nice
Tete
Truly..... it connects everyone... only annoying issue is about FB debar person who wants to make more rewinds
Sdeg
I m simpal bt ............koi Jean Nhiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
I hate it . it doesnt work on my phone anymore
Good for communicate
No other option .p
H
Stunning improvement of performance in last update! Like it!
Sometimes it works half the time it does not
Love it
SHOKO
Good job
I can't think of a better way to keep up with friends and family!!
No more problem on check in...
I love the Facebook app.
Love it ya'll
If I don't want it..I shouldn't have to download it.
No idea what happened. Had to delete it an reinstall Wontrecognise my name number or email! Needs de bugging
I take time to read reviews b4 updating. Heeding the advice/comments of other users, I'm able to avoid time consuming problems that can occur w/h "updates." It's better to continue using a functioning app & wait until the wrinkles have been ironed out. It's incredibly frustrating to find this app constantly automatically updating. Allow me to use an older version. If the update is so fantastic, word of Facebook's programming brilliance will spread & I'll choose to adopt that genius when I'm good & ready!
I hate the new update! It's so slow. Fix it
Good but navigate easily on pc
Unhappy that it uses messenger which takes a lot of memory from my Android.
It suck.  Made me change my fb name and now it's not letting me log in.
App2sd ya, por favor
Good in nexus
Lickit
Excellent
Make more friends,awesome!
5
Make an update where it stops forcing me to download the messenger app. It's really annoying and I shouldn't have to download it if I don't want to. At least give an option for me to say no and continue on to at least SEE my messages through the app. Stop being so annoying.
,app
The good working
Good
Its ok.
I love face book
Important.
Its badass
Good game
I always facing photo slow loading on Redmi note! Please fix it
I want to open another account but i cant. I can not log off even
This update feels better seems to be faster, see how it goes
Es muy buena aplicacion siempre me ayuda cuando se me olvida mi codigo secreto no tengo problema y de Los contacts es Una marabilla
This stupid app freezes up my phone!DON'T DOWNLOAD
Videos won't load
Best for android phone.
Very nice
Don't notify me i have messeges and tell me I have to download an app to see them.
Its good.
Very nice and cool app
Amazing
Ok
I've used facebook for 5 years and they never let me down.Their amazing way to connect and socialize with people around the world are compatible to any other social networks...
Nearly 24 hours and it can't upload a 38mb video file. After a restart fb tries to start again. Can't cancel it. Going to try an uninstall.
Nice
Very Good ! But How Can Copy  Status For Make My Status :) I Can Copy Just Comments But Not Status Taxt...Plz Add This Option !
Wow damiL
Cool
From my profile if I go to my page which I have created, when I upload a photo, I cant tag it to my friends... I am disappointed. I am updating Facebook now. Hope it works
Loving
could use less personal things so we can have privacy but its a good app
Awsome
I like it
Df
The only problem I have is that sometimes when I Like something it takes but it sometimes will not show the like after I reload the news feed. I have to click on comments to see if it really took. Also, it would be nice to have a refresh button to keep pushing when I'm expecting a post.
Nice and fast to
Love dis app
I reset my password and now I can't log in for 24 hours for my "own security"? What? Since when can you prove who you are, and reset your password, only to be banned for 24hrs? No other app is so ridiculous.
Ok
Sahil
Facebook
Like it very ezy
Its very slow....!!!
Cant save pics from fb and massenger
After update its does not opnen realy mk me feel sad with unstalld as ulternative ways.
It works but I hate the way the layout is. I don't want the news feed I want most recent!!!!
Works better in i phone as compared to android phones :)
good
Closes shortly after opening it. Just started after last update. Only happens on my Samsung tab3. How can this be corrected?
Exelent
i love it,s
Hii
Meh
Why force to dwnlod messager for messages plz fb was stil nyc wthout ths messager of yrs.
Cool app.
Forces close
Thanks Facebook
I like this apps
Achi app.
Nice
He needs to learn his names and ABC
Runs slow and not easy to navigate
Better after the update!!
i love this fb app becaus it brows too much fast. thanks google play.
V good
I can watch my lost friends.
FAM
Gay

Kenalan
Super
Google Play Store just automatically updated Facebook when I didn't want it to. This is the reason why I didn't want it to. My notifications screen and my news feed screen are zoomed out and grayed over, like it has a film over it. It's hyper sensitive and clicks everything. I have an LG G2 and I never had a problem until the new update. I really wish I could uninstall this update, but it looks like I'm going to have to uninstall Facebook in general now. Awesome job on losing a customer in the Play Store.
Good
Coolest
Vari good apps
I hate that u have to download fb messagenger to send a message
Gud
bbb
I Liked It
12345
nice
I love it and its so inquisitive
Forcing me to download too many apps which I don't have space for.
Its good to be in touch
Great app
I just like it.
Good app
ASUS ME302C MeMo Pad FHD-10. Facebook doesn't even start up now... just says, "Facebook is not responding". What would you like to do; wait, OK,report... ever since the latest update, was working great before the update? BTW, the Facebook app on my Sony Xperia Z1 C6903 running on Android 4.4 KitKat works just fine for some crazy reason! Frustrated ready to try one of the Facebook imposter apps!              :::Guess you guys never answer people's comments or reviews,  gosh that's awesome! Can't count on it?
This app is too noisy.
It's okey
If its slow or doesn't work,it is something with ur phone because ive had a lot of phones and I downloaded this app it is fast and works so don't be hating on facebook
Missing huge chunks of my timeline on my most recent feed. Today for example I can see posts from up to 40 min ago then nothing until 5 pm yesterday. My top stories feed is even worse! I'm only seeing things that are 3 days old there! FIX IT NOW!
Its just great....love it
Load of tosh - better off without it. Invasion of privacy.
Jay matadi
I'm promise for you I till dead do us part
This update is worst!! Says Incompatible update 
Aweeome fabulous app i loved it
its the best fb browsing but is little slow and old version
I will not download the messenger. How dare you FORCE ppl into something....you're ruining Facebook for so many people!! Also, when I want to post s status, it doesn't show the bar anymore where you can tag people or add a mood etc. I hate this last update.
It is a good site
Varry fast
It will not let me install right
Farhan
Great!

I love the way you can keep in touch with friends and family.
I hate messenger
Superb
Everything is simply amazing
Very good.....
Good
Face book
It keeps freezing and shutting itself down. I love this app when it works.
Reset my phone and without this my phone runs super smooth not to mention the absolute invasion of privacy on this last update.
great full
awesome app
To slowto down load ..
I like it.
It continues to grow and change it's free now and always will be
Better
P.K.
So amazing
Jar
AWEsome ;)
great app...
I can't even load the posts from recent people. I can't even post anything. Every time I attempt to, I keep getting told that I cannot connect to the server. This has been going on for quite a while now...
I like
Its keeps saying error
Its toooooooooo coooool
Not good as keeps going over the same stuff & out of date information fom friends
Wont open up..? Says im not connected but all other programs work...use to use this program daily but now cant even get on. IT SUCKS
I loved it...
This the best facebook app that I've ever downloaded. Just Loved It.
Awsum
Not impressed with it. Keeps claiming everything posted is "Just Now" even after a day of posting. Numerous other little bugs. Needs work.
Siful
Singer
Loved it!!
Well its a great social app and its a great design in the new update
Good
Cool
Cool
It requires lot of space and all Facebook games are not available in my country (Georgia)
Ok laaa
I dont like sealfish friend. I like dance. I Loved chocolet and flower.
Everytime I go on Facebook it freezes right away
It is fastest app for facebook
Awesome
The Facebook messenger app is stupid. I don't want to have to bloat my device with unnecessary apps that I will barely use. Also, when I hide a story from my timeline, please fix it so it STAYS HIDDEN. Until those are fixed you only get one star from me. Overall, dissatisfied with the Facebook app because of those two things. Oh also, I don't like that videos automatically play on my timeline. I don't want to watch every single stupid ice bucket video people are posting. Please remove that function too.
Vikash kumar binwal
Best
Sucks. Hate that you need there spying app (Messenger). And that Messenger needs access to almost everything in your phone.
Good
Wonderful aap
Sometimes Browser go slow .its take lot of time to open when network going on full. What's resion?
Very slow!!!
Crashes every time I open a friends page. Just closes without warning or error message
Accha app hai
Love Facebook on my mobile because I'm always on the go. Except it doesn't show all my newsfeeds like when I get on my pc.
I all I love you......
Can't open the apps even if i can i still can't upload a 1minute video
Good
Memang ok
I cant move the app to my sd card
Crashes since last update.  LG Optimus G
Could be better!
Remove install fb messenger app from chat room. Without fb msger app install, i was not able to read my msgs. Its not a good idea. Two seperate apps for one facebook app? Why ???
Videos dont work
Its more easier to use than other version
Rajeshsah
:-*
Keep up the good work
work slowly  .... after this update so bad
Slow, liking something doesn't always work no way to tell who has liked a post
I need more fixes
Love it
Bring messenger back
Love it
It says insufficient storage available even though there is lots of space
Hope
Keep getting hacked tired of it
Dunno why ? Can you fix this. When you want to send messages without messenger. Thank you
Photo comment.
Love it...
Suck
It is so good app....I love it
Loading to much data.. Not enough space.. N i uninstalled it .. Use web mobile.. I can save space there
Good
good
Norma Padilla
Wish it'd  take lesser RAM. My phone's slow and creepy like hell while using this app.
Such BS that you are forced to install messenger to see your messages! The "access" to your phone, contacts,  photos,  etc is ridiculous! I had to give a star...or it would it have been none!
Update is terrible! I'm not really concerned about what happened 2 or 3 days ago in my news feed, so why is the default set to Top Stories? Even if I select Most Recent, it defaults back to Top Stories next time I open it.
I love it
Awesome
Education Station Preschool
Easy to use...great to look
For fix it
Nice for chat
Very good
Not responding in my phone?
78646@
Lacks a lot of simple features such as tagging an organization or page. This company is so massive... is it to much to expect an awesome app from them?
007
Komala
Great
Chandan kumar88@emil.
Alokraj
I think its a great way to interact with friends all over the world!!!!
Home improvements
Far too much info is allowed to facebook
Good
Oh its taking too much time to open
this new update is causing problems its slower now n even causes my phone to completely freeze wtf fix it
The permissions, mandatory download of the message app, algorithms, the pages I like and follow but somehow never see, and the reloading the whole page while I was trying to read something.... no thanks,  I'll just use my computer.
It keeps shuttin off on me
It needs too take up less data and haveing too download the messenger is terrible 
I love it

Going good
Thanks.
Nice app
Loving it
Wish it was like it was when facebook first came out in the past I've had multiple things wrong with facebook and now I can't even watch a video it needs a new update one that fixes all the problems but that's not possible for whoever makes the updates because u fix one thing 3 more things go wrong with the app I'm happy you guys are so good at your job -__- about tired of Facebook and ready to get rid of Facebook
Perfect
Last update makes it nearly impossible to use with constant crashes and nothing loads in the feed or on other pages.
High procesing.... Open nd logout vry late....
It always show error
Love it it helps me a lot
Nice app
This update sucks. Takes way too long to load pics some NEVER load; HTC Inspire.
No
Thankyou
Right now I give Facebook a big fat zero, I can't even log on and when I can only a portion of it comes up. I don't know what has taken place since the last update but would you folks please fix the problem. I haven't been able to get on for going on 4 days now! 8-30-2014: latest update now won't let me watch videos,  keeps wanting me to upload messenger which I don't need and based off all the other complaints. Maybe before you release the next upgrade you should test it for 1yr. and make sure it works!
Download greenify for hybernate apps
Esta mejor q windows phone
Slow
Unchecking vibration for notifications doesn't work.  Might be nice to fix that.
This thing never allowes me to see a full video..  I get the same message - error loading
Most good
Fine
Vry good apps
Need Little improvement
I want to be able to send messages from my Facebook, not download another bullshit app that takes up space. Put messaging back on the main app you f*cking bullies!! I'm on the go almost 24/7 and want to deal with everything from one app not 2. Fix this now!!
Its..a really.cool.app
Jst tha job . Well done Zuckerberg ;-)
We need the reply button in the comments
If you are reading this then go to your settings and go to your apps and click on facebook and scroll down and look at what facebook is allowed to do on your phone without you knowing
It's cool just buggy. Please fix and need more acknowledgement
Ok
It's so perfect
Love
F book
Very good.

Very useful
Facebook is Best....
Awesome
its a gd app but starting to freeze alot
Awsm
A little slow crashes alot
This is a good app for smart phone .
I love guru
New layout sucks. Very disorganized.  Takes up to much space/memory. Fb messenger sucks too
Requires the same permissions as messenger.  Wants access to youe private things on your phone. Basically to spy on your life for their benefit.
Everithing..ok
O some sit
No no no bring back messages
Uses too much memory on my phone, slowing it down. Taking it off
Its ok
Not bad not goooddd
Ilove It VeryMuch. I Knew Its My BoyFriend. HAHAHA.<3 But I Have Been Security Check So It Takes 5 Days Before I Recall My Facebook.
Greatly appreciated enjoyment out. Having some problems in some serious but I am so wondering what is the think that compelling all users to be able to use it very much frankly.
Crashes too much since latest updates. Half the time im having to go through my web browser on my phone to view facebook.
Luv it.. but sumtimes hangerzzz
It wonderful
Crashes all the time on my LG Volt and also does not play nice with my keyboard for some reason.
Recently this app has become very slow and takes hell lot of time to load basic notifications.. make it light and fast..
Good
Nazir
Nyshhh
it is vry fast n gr8 design...easy to use...
Awesome
Like it
OK, THIS APP IS GOOD NOW, NICE TO SEE IT WORKING WITH NO PROBLEMS. WILL RATE 5 STARS THOUGH ONCE YAV ADDED THE OPTION TO CHECK YOUR "OTHERS" FOLDER IN MESSAGES FROM AN S2 AND S3 GALAXY. UPDATE ON THE 31-8-14. STILL NO OPTION TO CHECK OTHERS FOLDER SO DROPPING STAR RATING BY A STAR. COME ON FB GET YA ACT TOGETHER.
Everytime i had short free time,i want to check my fb but it takes too much time for signing in,for activation,for scrolling and all. I cant use it immediately. it also takes 15mins time to open. How worst can it be?
Perfect

Nak
Keeps canceling uploads. uninstalling
Why does it use so much resources
Easyconnect     Ol
It is a fast way to snd msg and many more......
I did this up date and now it says setting up Facebook. Then it just goes to a very screen. Fix this crappy update
I like facebook
Nice
Its awesome
Great app
Sloww..make me hate
Love it
Just want to say thank u for giving me back my all friends whom i thought will never meet me...thank you
Too slow.
It looks kinda smooth but i want the Recent Feeds as Default like it was before the update. Not the top feeds. Fix that and ill rate 5 stars.
Every time i go on the app it works great.:)
Its very slow on my phone..it often HANG'S my cellphone..which make me kinda irritate..!N do fast update to this app..Mark it well !
The app is not so bad, but it uses too much ram!
loved it
Its cool and I love it a lot
Its good
good
Good
Get it done
Just not liking all the updates lately
Slow
:)
It dosent show my uploaded videos
Great app. Makes getting to Facebook on my tablet way easier.
Slows my phone down I can't play my game it sucks
Itz good
Facebook
Recovery
Facebook permissions include taking audio and video recordings (including pictures) at any time and without your confirmation. SCREW YOU FACEBOOK!
Love it
doesn't work
It's Good at stuff now then it did before
Ok
Just updated app and now I'm unable to view any images
Bumabagal
Best of the best
Free call
Hard worker
Mamveersingh
Besar babi
Good
Time pass only
Good
It's a great app it help reach my friends  in this busy life
I like you
gsmm
Good
Wao
Sweeeeeet
Never going to say I Hate this app but it does freeze quite a bit on my phone at least. But not so major as to where its a huge problem.
Love it
They check to much of you personal stuff
Need improvement
Grate app as u all know very well
I will not download that messanger app. Please remove so that I can view my messages without that messanger app.
Nice
It always freezes on me
rk
It won't even let me play any videos it keeps saying sorry can't play this video
Exelent
Cooll
Damma388
Best social app ever
this is the app which connect  with our families and frndzzzzz
Too big, uses too much of my phones resources; had to give up too much privacy to facebook. Uninstalled.
This app is very frustrating to use. It lags a lot and sometimes completely breaks connection with their servers despite my phone having perfect data connectivity. Please fix it!
Izimako
Love this app
Brrr
Loved it
Updated my phone now I carn't download Facebook no more :-(
The best way to bring people together,!
Top
Update
It's very useful.
Grt
Ok na ok...
I think previous version is better than this new update, coz it force the system to open this app even I dont use it, that is why my Phone is getting lag. I gonna Uninstall it now and Install the Previous version like the v10
I like this.
Since I updated my fb it keeps on crashing and crashing..  So i uninstalled it.. Now i cant re install it..  Wtf?!!! Really!? Same with messenger app.. Both sucks!
Nice
It gets boring
Facebook requess
k
I like this apps
Don't wana use the fucked up messenger just to see my messages one star
More like
catik
i love fb
I like and good speed.but any time process slow and hacking.
Love it
This facebook app is a great way of seeing how people from your old school and work hate really trivial things in life.
Why fb needs to know who am I remotely connected to ?
Okay
Facebook make my phone very very very slow plz think about it. But new update is good.
Ymiiii
Get connected
Facebooks with new look is very good
SuppAR
I can't even type a name in search bar without it closing app and returning to home menu.
Everything is faccccccccccceboooooooooookkkkk live.life
Gempakkk
Best way for me to keep my family updated on my boys since they all live far away
Gdfj
Loved it
Good
Lovely. .....
Every time I watch video it always say an unknown error
I want the old version back...this new one is awful. My phone is slow...it freezes up ever time i open it... slow...and i HATE messenager...come on facebook....really?????
Got connected to lost frns
:)
owsum
Why my store not working properly I can't download any thing
I am very addicted to. Facebook and always checks my account every 10 mins. Due to this app It has become very easy to use FB.Thanks for this app loved it
Like it.
Mind blowing
Add comment on comments please
All taime no loding new speed. Next:f..b..updet f...b... updet. I no like this
Money Mike
Very nice
Thank you for this application.
nice
Its so good
Good
Gr8 apps
Awesome
Takes FOREVER to download.
Better to bring back the messeging !! :-( :-( :-(  annoying without the messeging back !!
Ranjan kumar
FacebookÊÇÔõÑù£¬ÄªÃûÆäÃîµÄµÇ³ö °¤µ½ÄãÊ²Ã´ÊÂ Òª¸üÐÂÒ²Ã»±ØÒªÖ¢×´¶à¶à°¡ °ÝÍÐ¿ÉÒÔ±àºÃÂð£¿
App keeps freezing
Verson
.
It's AWESOME
Good
Is so awesome
It a good thing to put your pics and everything that u like on there
good to use :-)
Sometimes when I try and play as video it doesn't work. This only happens some time after installing the app
love it
Its ok to used facebook.
Tales forever for pictures to pop up.
Ok
By facebook i meet my dear ns near once
Good app i like it
Life book
every since I updated I cannot get any new news feed. A bunch of crap u
It's really convenient :)
Ok
This app is awesome.
TNR NARSIMHA
M.shafiq.suk
I like
It keeps going to my home screen .
And love him.
Good
1000stars
shafi
Fuuuh!!! Now I download again...cuz  myapps problem...Lol susah payah ni ku ingat ok tapi I got lose everything
Very simple. Word. ...it    was Good.. Like it
You can't send messages anymore.
po make kace tanoh
The greatest
Friends
Dilrukshi
Too awsome
Oh
Kpk
Nice
123456
Loved it
Easy keep touch with my friend s
It's ok, could be more smoother running
Player of Candy Crush and being connected too my kids we are all 900 and 1200 miles away can afford to see each other, but we can talk online just like we are with each other. Thank you!
Love it
Forcing to install messenger no way will i install.
Computer
Hai
Good application
It always say that facebook is stoped -.-
It worked
chinmay
I love it
Good media for having one to one contact
Every time I tried to view a video, it suddenly stop working and take me to home page. Pls fix this.

Takes forever to log out. Takes forever to log in! Hate not being given choice about messenger service. If everyone else wasn't so hooked on Fb I would happily ditch it for good. Pants.
Latest version sucks... freezing alot
Currently on my Nexus 5, new update is not loading up Facebook, it freezes my phone. Please fix.
I love it

Good
Amazing, Fantastic, awesome, stunning, etc.
Sucks
...awesome app..
Everytine they update they change something for the worse. I hate this top story violator. Give me my news feed in order. I hate seeing stories I've already stopped caring about. Now I see why everyone is going to instagram
Best
I hate Facebook with a passion. I hate their ad catering, I hate their selective post screening, I hate that you have to sync it with your phone (stay out of my business), I hate that they want you to download a separate app for messaging... idiots, if I want to message someone from my phone, I'll use this neat thing called TEXT MESSAGING. I always knew there was a reason I could text on my phone...you suck. If it was possible to give you zero stars, I would. Or possibly negative five.
It don't work
Loved it
Could do better
It's grest
Facebook
Seems to take too long to start .
V
Good
Password code
Loved
Yea
Contemplating
Great
Been blocked out for two weeks,wont accept my password. Keeps giving me problems and wont log in. U keep saying i will get a text wwith confirmation code but here i sit two weeks later and still nothing. Get it fixed
Why do they need to have a separate Facebook messenger which can be integrated in Facebook app  ? 5 stars for implementing it in the next update. I'm not a big fan of viewing Facebook posts in one app and sending Facebook messages in a second app.
Always runs slow. And it keeps lagging me off and bringing me back to the main screen. Aggregating!!
Kick hats snare
New messenger app not so good
Hey
Good App...but expected more..
Ok
Okok jr
If there was option   like I can change my facebook's background colour . It would be awesome
It takes up too much space when I don't want it to update, it already took 236MB with 112MB left on my internal storage card however, a great app still.
Facebook
I like it
AMAZING
Kudos to the owner of the bright idea of bringing up facebook in the open for the benefit of the public..
Now I can scroll through it smoothly even if I bave a bad connection.
Great
The in call is good but sometimes it crackles I take it that could be my signal or the recivers signal ?
Supar
Love it
What's with getting rid of the messenger...
Error loading news feed please try again........... Error loading news feed please try again.....
Superb
Notification
Good
Loved it
There's a push notification on the icon that won't go away now, because I won't install messenger. So now I constantly think I have a notification when I don't. Seriously? I have no use for messenger and even if I did it's too big of an app to have cluttering my phone. Please stop annoying people with it! This is getting ridiculous.
Love it found a lot of coo friends in my ares
Ok
Nice
Love it
I love this apps
It keeps freezing and going back to my home screen. I cant messege sertain people without it freezing. It was just fine before the updates!
This last update always crashes. Not good.
Facebook while multitasking not working good.. The moment we switch back to Facebook the page where we left doesn't turn.but it's.get new feed always. Again we have to scroll down to our page..
It's ausam facebook App
My phone is so fast but this f***ing app make it work slower. 5 mins for setting up :p
Do yourself a favor and don't install this. It gets constanty irresponsive on a 4 core phone. You're better off using FB from a browser.
App
It is good very good
Super
Still Need some improvements.. in app we should have option to read and unread notification as well.. so that if we dont want to look at the post we can directly read it.. and also we should be able to see the archived and other messeges in the apps messeges.. please add these features.. Thanks..
Faster.   But why get rid of the nearby events tab under events?  I used that every weekend.
But kindly fix it cause sometimes even if the connection is full, the app is hard to load or long for it to completely load
Facebook doesn't want to run trough Wi-Fi   fix it up. Facebook inc. Aaaaah and another thing why in the world it won't take me straight to most recent feeds? Instead it take me to something has already pass up to four hours ago. Too bad.                                And now I can't not even update it it keeps saying insufficient storage available, i am uninstalling  it. So sorry but I am not buying another phone for now.
It kept freezing on me, I uninstall the app to reinstall it again. And now I can't get it to read install on my device . What a joke
Nice     easy app
Gud to go
MST mst
Features being removed, wakelocks way too frequent
It won't let me upload any videos, and every time I try, it goes back to my home screen and won't let me back in.
Fab
Fantastic
Stops responding
Always crash please fix it!!
Can't send messages!
also good
Tharu
Asom
Nice
Take the messenger off.
Good
<3
First it was cool but now update after update has made it worse. Go instagram!
Having a great fun!
19052011
Good
Good
So badbbb
The rating is low bcoz of many downloads .some changes must be made but even then love it.
Why is it taking too much memory? It's so slow and unstable...
nice app ........easy to navigate
Only tym pass..
Usefull app to keep in touch with all nears and dears even when on move.
i install fb why can not...
Too slow
facebook
Cool
Excellent
I refuse to update. You force me to install an app that violates my privacy? No thanks
It won't allow me to download the app after it got deleted! Just says incompatible update!!
Thanks
In My spice mi 600 it soooo fast
Anytime I want to upload a video or photo, it takes literally all day on my 2 weeks old LG optimus G pro. Super annoying, photos will eventually upload but videos won't upload at all!! So dumb!
Put my feed back in order and quit showing me what everybody else likes.
Nic but dis time to update facebook
Hh
I like Facebook, I really do! But with this new update it makes me download the messager just so I can see a message! I HATE THE MESSAGER APP! I would have given it a higher rating if it wasn't for that! Please get rid of the messager app
Nice

Gh
Good app
Whenever I will post something or to someone else it always crashes... wtf!
Lagging! Slow, lame, crashes everytime I search an artist
Cool
Faxmaajamal
Birthday update is poor. Other wise cool
Great
Family things
I love Facebook
Why isn't there any option of zero stars for such apps??
Used to be OK but now they force you to install the Facebook messenger app that accesses too much on your phone.
Good
My 1 @ only :-)  Stephanie lantin navea
App
kk
facebook
Nice!!
This apps rocks always
Everyone i know uses Facebook
Great!
Always says not responding. Always like that. I hate it.
Hi hello
Awesome
Memory consumption too big
This stupid app keeps freezing and I'm getting sick of it! Work your stuff out, Facebook! You guys suck. Hardcore.
Its good
Slowly but good
I was all about Facebook until this messenger crap!! Uugghhh
but little confused
Gotta love it Facebook is the bomb I love it am on it every single day seriously
Its using more memory than whatsapp , hike, twitter combined !! ....please make it a bit more memory free..
Love it
The update just downgraded the app's functionality to C-R-A-P.   Do you not understand that people DO NOT WANT Top Stories?!  And the new app crashes so many times.. Sheesh!
It wont let me in facebook !
Facebook mai aa raha hoon
Bring back the integrated messages
Love love :)
I love it
Excellent
Need help
Rated
Bettet then before..
This app is full of bug, and you need a lot space of memory in your RAM   I hope the dev will make it faster
Nice
One thing I don't like is not being able to share to an individual friend's timeline or to private message. Then there is that whole Adobe Flash not working with the new Android systems.
Ok...some time slow....
Rajiv salam
but an unknown error occurred while trying to play this video...
I
I have to download a new app only for chat.... so I five it 3 stars
Facebook is vaery  nice  aap
A box keeps popping up saying it stop working. Would you like to close doesn't matter what I pick it closed anyways.
ow
because of his features
Cool
Nice message
All good but some less in app 1. Not option for dislike & size is big slowly work
It's update timely. & our formadible friendship grew more stronger than before  . Again Thanks FACEBOOK.... AND MARK...!!! Really you did Greatest job which made your attendence in History. Now Generations  will come & go But You'll be forever young... !!! God Bless us all.                                                                  Great application mother of social media network.. thanks FACEBOOK
V nice
44708060
Old version was better.
KEEPS CLOSING!!!!!
nc
I was blocked from liking post. I don't know why? I need answers. Please fix this thing up. T____T
Free fb
love connecting with old friends!
Good
Won't install. Error in code. Probably for the best. I'm sure is a time thief anyway.
Great
Its too much slow..its take lots of memory.. Better to make its lighter version..
Cool
Facebook
Awesome
It takes so much space. Also, their messenger app is a huge joke. Screw you facebook.
Cristy sison edem
The new policy of Facebook is too much invading & hence serious action must be taken by removing the app 
Wow
Baby

Its awesome :*
I give it 4¡îcoz it help me to 4get lappy n pc.
Don't like the fact that I have to download this just to check my messages and to communicate with family and friends. I just pray that my information do get used w/o my permission even tho I know it will.
jk
It's work so so so slowly then first version ..  I cant see full new feeds.. this app have a lots of problems like.. new feeds loading.. sending sms, commenting / likeing on pics... all this work slowly... plz change this app design
Best
Awesome
Ever since I've updated Facebook, its went down hill. Its slow and won't even open the main page, or even sign in. Fix it please
It won't allow me to watch any of the videos
Its alright
Naika sabnur tumake chodite moncha
Easy 2 options, selection,  sending, everything, easy hood go go ahead,
Blh lah biar pun lambat
Pictures are not loading at all on my HTC one m7, with all the latest updates! The app is now useless!
better but to dovelop
Ammad.dxb786@gmail.com malkk
Vry vry vry good app for communicate.
Use to work perfectly but with recent updates,  I keep getting video errors and the app keeps freezing
I love this app.  I was able to find out my great great great grandfather through connecting through Facebook.
Ashir  Yousaf
App has many way to close while using but only little ways to operate..
Don't get notifications on my phone any more when people comment on my stuff, and can't write what I'm doing on a status update or tag people please fix
Good
App keeps freezing up and crashing. Takes you back to the login screen of app and a setting up account screen displays for several minutes. Very inconvenient. Uninstalled app
Why do facebook have to be update almost everyday ????! I don't like it very much !!
Fb has become the NSA of social media particularly w/ the experiments, the spying & control of my information,  etc. If so many of my family & friends weren't on it, I'd perform an exorcism on my phone & expel this crappy app.
Everyone is addicted to facebook. Great idea but does get boring from tine to time too addicted to stop
Cant download video...
Face book my daily ruteen work
Goooooooooooood
Var var update d option kyo auondi a
Excellent

Nice  but slow to use
It runs slow on my Android, takes up too much space and makes every other app run slower. Also takes me back to Home Screen. Very disappointed.
Take too much memory of my Mobile

Best
The app is brilliant.
B
Faecbook
Awesome
problem in birthday updates????
It helps me keep in touch
It's okay, the only con is that it asks for permission to access private stuff,  and when it comes to privacy I'm pretty demanding and I take that thing very seriously.
Pc type on fb use for android phones
Loved it!
Its nice
G  ood
Losses account information when phone restarts & needs to sign again.
terbaikkkk
T
too slow.
Useful
Very gud app
I haven't been able to download this app for 6month! I keep receiving error 24. I'm so done w/ the FB app. No one I've contacted can assist me.  FB & samsung you've TOTALLY disappointed me.
How could someone not love this app
Through this I got the real gems of my life i.e. my old friends. So For me it's the best deal.
Itz awesome
Great apps
It helps me stay in touch with friends & family around the world
Every one like this app
Educational
Lyk
Ramro
before I really like using fb because i dont need a messaging app to connect with my friends and now WHAT!!!!! you want us to download a separate app wtf!!!!
...
Rsvi
Sony mobile z1 I have problem in Facebook I can,t sign in
I'll change the rating when Facebook reintegrates messages with the Facebook app. There is no reason to split the service into 2 apps. I don't care what permissions the messenger app needs. Facebook could ask for the same permissions...
uuu love it
Coooooooooooooooooooooool
Like it
aacha he yaar
I will join with my college friends with thi app
bff¡®s beautymezt
Easy to operate
hate loading
Best app
You'll also have to install other fb apps for it to completely work.  Also check permissions - you're giving away your phone.
Abdur Rashid Paikory
Good....
To much space i can not download it , please fix it and i will gave it 5 stars
It's great on Apple. Awful on this though
sumon
I  like  it
This app is screwed up. I'm using fb on computer
I'd give it more stars if they hadn't removed the ability to read and respond to private messages...
Very easy to use.
Crashes and freezes all the time,
Very good.
Blablabla
I have an older smartphone so that may be the prob but....this new update forces closes by itself,long time to load. Fix it please
This app are so incredible
Where did the simple chat went? We don't want to download additional software just for chat.
We cant even chat now without messenger its our wish whether we need msngr or not you can't implement on us. I stopped using fb now its really sucks now.  When already have an app what is the purpose of another app for same reason???kindly stop it
Been having some issues with the app not wanting to open right away. It either states that "Facebook isn't responding", the app closes right away when I just tried opening it, or it states "setting up Facebook"!!!!!
Oke
Slow and the app freezes all the time.
Hmmm
Amazing
Happy
This facebook App is really starting to suck. I hate that they post are not in order and I can't watch videos on there
Its great, not new but great. If u doanload, please like
I don't wannna see the trending feed I wanna see the most recent
I find all my friends here
Great job I love f.b it's great and it help me to find my friends nd class mates... Thanks
I like this but it is very slow......
verychill
Improved
Good
I love this app#/!?
very Good
The app is becoming slower and more of a pain in the butt with each update. I hate new messenger and its entire process.
I liket
Hate the permissions
Cei
Gud application
Gooooooooooood
Somehow.. good
Everything seems to be working good so far, but i have noticed sometimes my facebook will close out in the middle of me changing my status, etc. for no reason. That's the only thing!
SAHARA DESERT
ihate it .. but i need it
Sirra
It just getting better!
Awesome
The messenger makes me hate this app even more!
I can't watch video since da update please fix
Y is that app needs a messenger app? Soon maybe there will be other app for notification? Common!
DGDgjxkcxvkXdhjkxzx
Venkateshrao
Leikert
The best
Facebook update
Love it,able to keep up with familia and friends current events.:-)
My phone is samsun galaxy s any call vation. a u any trubel you are app.
Time for new social media!
I don't particarly care for the new upgrade. I can't accurately set the newsfeed to show current stories. Just liked the old app way better.
b
Nice Apps i liked it
This app acts up even when I'm using wifi.
Lags!
Photos load very slow even if the connection is good
Its easily to lag ..and causing my phone to lag too
Chef
I like it for on line chate with old & new friends touch with them continue
Ok
Kinda weak
Aus
Good app
Ok
If you're going to try and make me download another app just to message people then remove the messaging tab from the main app and don't notify me. I've told my friends not to message me on there so there's no need.
Like
Fb. Faan
Full time pass nice
Its slow! You have to have a different messenger app. Its slow its slow, ITS SLOW!
It eats all memory??!!!!!!!
Wicked :-)
Amazing
video streaming to be slowly if its will be solve then i give five star
But loading loading any time browsing
Good
This is worst thing since Google purchased Youtube!!!
Pretty good :)
Good
Jm
Good thing to chat with
All best
Good app
V
Its good, can make it better.
Lic
Loved it
Nice ar
For older version
Oka manchI pustakam manchiga viniyogiste
good app
Unbeatable
Good speed
i tried alot! but huh its noy giving new feed...Its just making me goo angry!
Ok
The most favourite app i ve ever used......must say itzz fabulous......u must download ;-) ;-)
On the old version I waited maybe a minute for the news feed to. Load.   Now with the new update I have been waiting five or more  mins.  Can't see the rest of the updated version of FB because I have yet fir the news feed to load.  Liked the old version better.
great.... but i dont like the messenger. i can still send and receive a message on previous version of facebook app. without a messenger. for me its not right to force me to use the messenger app.
Always has been one of the most commonly used, easy-to-use social media app. Great for socializing around the world too! ^_^
Freezes up won't respond. Takes for ever to load pages  this app sucks. I've even downloaded it &uninstalled & downloaded it again  same problems
It would be nice if messenger app is integrated into this app.

Aacha...pr hang hota bhot in my phone....Samsung galaxy star...
Liked it
Facebook is good
Nhantumbo
I have always downloading & updating & installing problems & login & logout problems & very slow please help me
Wah
Constantly freezes when scrolling or looking through my pics to upload through the app, very annoying.... Billion dollar company and can't get a simple app right?
Very nice
Well now the app is a lot more usable, but why are so many permissions needed? New permissions include reading text messages? Come on!
Very good aaps for conecting friends
Facebook
Its amazing  To find frndzz
Why forcing people to download messenger app? We don't like it! Trust me!
Better than last year
Can only use the app for five minutes then stop working and freeze.....sent hundreds .pf error reports and nothing was been done to fix it in the last three months
Campbell
Facebook
Its just plain stupid to show me stories ive seen a week ago. Why the "top stories" is even an option? Hey, i know. Maybe you can separate fb's every function in different apps? That would be fukken great, to have to install 15 different apps to run single fukkkking facebook. Then i would give you 5 stars and leave the Earth. With every update you do more and more damage, how a multimillion company manage to do that?
Facebook
It says I have to have messenger
Agj
Fix it
Keeps shutting down and I cant even make a post or comment on anything!
Good
I love it that much
It take time to upload videos
Like
I like god
Just want to try it!!!

Still Takes up too much memory and ram. There's no way to turn it off from running in the background. Sadly it's the only app for true Facebook access. The developer's of this app should be ashamed of themselves.  Borderline spyware.
I like the simplicity of it but sometimes it says Error loading news feed even though I have full Wifi
It just broke my heart
Good
Very nice
Love it
Nice
Love it
Very slow on opening image and pics... After the latest update it always hang during operation n I've to wait for 30 minutes for the page to operate once again. Please do something about it. Thank you very much.
Very gud application
its was working perfectly fine but suddenly it was giving "error loading newsfeed" after i logout since than its not logging in and is showing some kind of error and its not even opening from browser other apps are working perfectly fine i have tried uninstalling it and after i reinstalled it the prob was still there plz help me out with that.
I am very sexy boy
Love it
Very nice emulation of the Facebook! Cheers
Quicker
This is good!!!!!
I see the same posts all day long!!! It has been this way for awhile and im tired of it!! my news feed never changes!!!


i dont like this new version.i want the old version
No built in messenger.
nice
When I play a video on my note2 the screen turns black. I am able to hear but cant see the video.. please rectify this
Awesome app.
Hate it.Takes up all my phone's memory
App
nice
The new update has better interface but i don't like it so! because the videos on it are streaming online but i wanna download them!! Please change it and let the videos downloadable!
It is very helpfullllll to close the relation
It is easy and useful
Got a firmware update. Now it won't load at all. Just says "setting up Facebook". Left it like that for an hour. Nothing happened... Can't use it at all now.
Stop forcing me to down load am app I don't want
Its size is so big .... when we update this app it becomes largest size app of my mobile..
Nice fb..now I can open mai fb .any time any where..thanz..more power guyz
No chatting without messenger
Florida state
We
This app has progressively gotten worse after every update. Freezes while scrolling if there is a video. It would be nice if i could go on, scroll around for 10 minutes, and have no issues. Someone needs to wake up and do their job, and make an update... not a half-assed attempt
Cant live without this app.....love it....
This version is a lot better....
The bollocks....
I like this
I can't read the comments on the posts in an event page.
fabuluos <3
CEL
Not bad
Good
It takes up too much data
awesome
nice app.
xxxxx
I have perticular problem with facebook that whej ever i try to watch any video it crash and need to start again and to watch videos i have to restall facebook than i am able to watch one video after that same problem.. Please solve this problem
Very good
How r u
:))))))
... but they can't force me to download that horrendous Messenger app. Should be called Battery Drainer or Annoying Bobble Heads.
I love it
Love using this app!
I can't open my facebook -_-
Super
It software is very osm and its work good also
Been installing this for the nth time. My phone keeps on getting factory reset error. Rubbish!
very good
Movie's
Crap doesn't work at all
I have had Facebook on my phone for over two years. But after recent updates the data usage on this one app appears to have more than doubled. I am seriously considering removing this app until it's thirst for data and battery power is resolved.
Idont like because very low loading  during i use fb  its wasteting time  greee! .eh...
Crazy
A++
Awesome
Music downloads
H. RONICU RONI
When i use the app and messenger my phone hangs and hangs and again hangs!!!! :/
Great
Its good
But still need development couz it's heavy to open nd working for a long time thanks
Please optimize
F##king good
Good
I like facebook
Ok
Images taking too long to load in xiaomi redmi even with speed of 2mbps
Dm
Ca marche bien sur Mon portable.
very nice
Happy

Rote
Love it
Nice but needs improvement
Exillent work
Better if get back inbox chatting rather than using messenger
Originally I rated high for this app but I cannot download it onto my Xperia E1 after updating the new os
Much improved. Thanks.
It is the best way to find new  friends
Very slow :(
Ok
What hapened i can not
Keep it up
Nd
Dumb
Great website
It keeps on logging my phone and taking too much of my internal memory.
Either take the tab away or let us use it. I'm not a fan of notifications I can't do anything about because you're a bunch of information stealing, phone crashing assholes. Fix it, or change it back.
It's great..I can communicate faster and easily trough to all my friends .The messenger are good too couz i can receive message from friend without opening my fb. But my problem on this was that the moment i uploading videos, it's often getting slow; 2nd was that why I can't inbox a videos to friend. If any possibilities to fix it..pls fix..
Facebook
darling
I liked it
Great
Its good
love it
Great app is very fast on my s4 cant wait for new and improved features
Really nice
The approach is great with updates
Yo
Hay I use these app but not show app in home screen .please told me sum ideas
Internal Browser
I like it heva great apps
Best hai,
The old one worked better. Sometimes when I wanted to exit a chat Facebook app closed
cool to use.
Very like
Why a separate messenger app? Pointless since it worked good before in one app and the floating widget circles are annoying. Should have the choice not to install and still be able to see messages in fb app. Bloat...
i like

I like this is
Noob facebook.
...
My facebook frends search and open my frends frend that time close my facebook automatic
Wow. Touching world
Love it
Won't play videos all the way through.
So nice
Great to use..
Asia
It needs to work on bringing in new posts rather than what our friends have done long back
I got good friends
Nice
Nice network
thank
Un installed this app, and it's not letting me install it again!, absolutely rajjing!
Good
I am still facing problem in newsfeed. These are not in correct order. There is no option to correct it. Fix it.
Hey fix that most recent coming up in settings and it wanted to be in news feed so fix it as fast as u can
Nice....but we need best from this :)
Facebook
Kaizer Thamae
Proudly ...
LG Optimus II
Love it
Face book updated is best in class
Can't dwnld videos..pls make dwnld option
Very good aap
This is crap :(
Can't copy & paste the status!!
i love this!!!
The app crashes while opening notifications and The same picture opens twice and then I have to restart the app again.
Nice
Å¶¿É
Why code error .I hate this app .

I liked
Thanks
Many of my friends and I did not download the messenger app. I don't think anyone likes it & it should be an option not a  mandatory thing. It's totally inconvenient and I'm quite disappointed it was forced upon us.  Anyways, I also don't like how the app automatically refreshes your newsfeed after a while. Sometimes I'm trying to read or look at something and it refreshes and it's a pain to scroll all the way back down to try and find it and sometimes it's not even there anymore.
Invasion of privacy just to have the app let alone the Messenger. Hope many more people see how pathetic you guys are!! I would like my phone left alone from goodness knows who...
FInally nothing
Love it
Messenger. I can't stand the invasion of privacy. We should be able to not have it.
Good
Excellent
This is a great app
Soo nyc and gud really loved it
i like it
and optimise for tablets. I don't care about messenger so glad its out..
Vry cl app.......
:)
Epic fail. Forcing messenger on us is not cool. You'd think such a huge company would have the resources to make fb perfect.  Not so. And a complete lie about no permissions.
I like it
I like it.
Thanks
After using the memory would increased to 100 plus mb and my phone keeps on bugging and i also always clean cache :3
Super
Terbaik..
I like it

New fb has not messanger in it. We have to download two app fb and messanger. Thats not good for user.
It's Ok
Awesome
But not loading the images..
Its against about islamic religion...i hate it....
I loved this app.....But it keeps on updating......
Loved it
This is one of the Good Social Networking Site... In which we can find all old frnds...
I love it
something new
good
Niceee
Too good
Wow
Facebook is like duh! What I hate most is when the messenger comes in the picture. Messenger sucks -.-
Bahadur
WAS once GOOD Now its garbage & I assume its cause I hvnt dwloaded the msgr app. Dummo!! Uninstall. Nomore daily fb for me :/
Reddy
So
No chat
It kept freezing so I installed updates and re-installed and now it won't even open. Piece of junk app, not even going to bother with it. My phone has Social Updates. Screw this app.
I CANT UPDATE
Why is it Facebook manages to take up 120MB of space on my phone. It's just ridiculous. When this issue is fixed I'll re-rate this app.
Fb is now forcing fb messenger on me  & I don't like. Takes up too much space. Its not universal but fb noes enuff bout my persnl. Life!!
i dont want the messenger app!!
Absolute crap!
Much better the old version than the new version. We can see your whole thing about yourself. Even if you did not updated it was automatic updated.
Good
:/
Not like bcos u have to have the messenger app bakwas he
I dont like how it goes back to the begining of my news feed if I stay on a link for too long
Good app store
Poor
Love it
App of this size MUST have the option to move on SD card at least a part of data. Google+ is a good example. People are demanding to make this app movable to SD for a lot of time but Fb devs are not listening. I cannot have an app of this size, that means it's of no use to me. Also the notifications don't work. Uninstalling.
Pune Maharashtra
Worst app
But need some more privacy
Ramai kawan
Good but it sometimes hangs my phone
Good
Asking to rate but where's the admin to address all the concerns & frustrations most of the "raters" have in here? So what's the update on the invasion of privacy with FB's messenger?
Not video call
This app is better then ever
Good
I like this app since i used it.....thanks
Cancel
Great Android App!
If I could give less then one star I would.
Fastet browsing
Always having a hard time accessing this app. Always crashing! So disappointed !
FAcebok
Cool and fun application  let's  you know what  your  friends are up to and let's  you contact  friends  faraway.
It doesn't show recent activities at all.
Super
Its dumb how we have to have the messenger. Like just let it be the old way. It was much better that way. Change it!!!
What's the reason why chat move to messenger?   My phone become more slow, it takes about 100 ram.
Good
Very nice
Awesome
Very good!!!
Love it
Sometimes, comments that I just submitted was disappeared ! so I have to type again and again. Another request, at nearly the end of the day, Facebook show me just 3 of today's birthday. Can you show me more ? Birthdays of yesterday, today, and the day in the future ? Improve birthday feature, please.
Totally unimpressed with the forced messenger app but otherwise the app's alright. Easy to use.
Yeeaahh
The application closes suddenly my phone is lg p880
Yolynda79
I enjoy using this app it was perfect and easy and quick to use it I love it so much
I think ...its good app
Downloads alot of photos  at once i love it thats all
Awesome
Its fine aap to my grand neo
No need of giving description
Good
Love it
Pls remove ads
sundor
§±§à§Ý§ß§Ñ§ñ §æ§Ú§Ô§ß§ñ
Oor
Why am i forced to install.messenger?
Mast
After last nights newest update my phone lags all the time :/
But why do you need to seperate the messages that we receive into another new app ?
Very nice
Super
Good
sira facebook aa y faster aa
Review
Keeps on asking for update. Please fix that.
To invasive uninstalling!
unable to tag friend's name
Easy
Super quick
Please fix this soon.
Its good
I dont want to install messenger u fags
Good app.. But the default system app that came pre-installed occupied around 15MB but after the update its taking around 99MB.. Currently disabled the application..either reduce the memory occupied or give an option to move to internal storage..only then will I enable or use it again.. C'mon guys..this is a mobile device here..not a desktop
Ihatethis
i use this app everytime
Love it

Khan
Kaka
good app!!!!!
A newer version is more fast
If use facebook in Mobile browser can get more news feeds but this application can't  and eating more Mobile data
ThIs is so great nice app but I do not need messenger I can't send a message as I use to before how can I navigate this love my original messenger
Fodo Facebook.
Love
Simply best
B'coz I like it
Good
Great look nice working
Downloaded it, & when I go to the app it automatically goes to my homescreen. Uninstalled it. Now it won't let me download it. POS app.
Very nice for ldr...tnx
Nice
i like it. kudos to d admin
Yes
Its so good and so fast what else & so beuaty.
Yo Facebook is Facebook. As long as I can still stalk my ex with it, I'm all up for it
Like
Good
Hate it because u have to install messenger to send msg ...is panic tooo.....plz fix this problem
This app is nice when it doesn't cause my Torque to have a storage meltdown. Your developers in California really need to create an option box so that this app can be moved to the SD card. Please figure this out in a timely manner & add it to your next update. The only reason I want this option built in is so my phone doesn't crash.
Older version better, takes too much space...even on a rooted phone..what gives??
First I was able to send messages through the app but now I have to download the messenger app to send messages I just hate it
Neeraj meena
Thx.
I wish I hadn't  updated. It forces close every fifteen minutes. It wont let me comment. It doesn't show current comments in groups. It wont let me delete a comment after 3 second...IT SUCKS! I use the web browser now. May 6 2014 This newest update is worse than the last! If I make a comment and the app refreshes, my comment lands somewhere else. And zIt still force close every 15 minutes.
verygood
Lovely
Old now fb.....need update
I have installed and uninstalled many times. It will never show my news feed for the day I am looking at it but only shows from the days before. It loads incredibly slow.
Don't like the new update! It's such a hassle to see most recent feed, and even then it only shows 5-10 status's and takes forever to load more!   The swipe feature is annoying as well, because I'll accidently set it off and then I'm spending unnecessary time trying to fix my feed back to most recent, and then wait for more status's to load.  A true time waster in the worst way. ;(
Love it
Great!
Cinta
It's to slow what the F!
quick download
improve speed
It's best way to be in touch with all anywhere anytime.
Sean love had 2 yers
I don't want to install messenger! ! You suck!
I dnt like it because its forcing us to download messenger which most of us we dnt need and we dnt like it.
Can't ever get my most recent news feed loaded. Every other option works apart from this. Have tried uninstalling and reinstalling but no joy. Not Happy Like. Using an HTC One M7 with latest software!!!!!!
ok
good and faster
My phone has no network errors but the app says to check the network. Most of the time. My phone is Samsung galaxy core GT-I8262.
Once again I see recent comments and 8 out of 10 are bad but still the application overall has a "liked it"  rate.  This doesn't sound legit
Yes
Useful
Wow!it's new version
Good app
Nice app
Very good
idnt like it. it tells me to download fb  messenger. idnt need it
The app is average. Takes to long retrieve data even over WiFi. Still can't move to sd. Data takes up to much space. . . . Lots of bad points. But it's the best option as other Facebook's apps are worse!
Hieu_ha1990@yahoo.c
Facebook
I love it...
Who hates facebook?
I don't like the idea of having a messanger
Kicks me out every time i post
Same reason
Its ok but dislike for another because you need to have messenger to receive messages this need to change
Garbage.
Gh
No 1
Loved it
dont like....................................:'(:'(:'(:'(:'(:'( messenger.........
Facebook
When u browse the recent post in group its lags and not responding. Fix this!!!
I dont like it
There's no option for most recent stories in the news feed... Please fix this!! Also, you need to be able to personally customize audience to albums using smart phone instead of just having the basic options.
Smart aap
Its OK but not secured
Wow
I like this facebook
I can't upload my photos today !
Ok
Cool application to stay in touch.... ¡î¡î
I don't like that you have to have the messenger app!
OMG IT JUST SAYS ERROR AND I CAN EVEN SIGN UP WTF AND I TRY TO MAKE ONE BUT IT JUST SAYS SOMEONE ELSE'S ACE WTF FIX THIS OR I'M GIVING IT A MINUS MILLION
I don't think anyone has the right to use my camera,see my messages contacts, etc. Without my permission!!!! What are we becoming, a communist society? Privacy issues need to be addressed. And if you don't want messenger u shouldn't have to have it..there should always be an option and or choice..
All world
And add an option so that we can send and receive word doc. And mp3 files.. and increase the video sharing minutes. ..  and tell me if fb massenger have privacy or not ?!? Will wait for ur reply Thank's..
Love It :)
SOME OF US DONT WANT TO DOWNLOAD MESSNGER
Used to b good but nw it sucks
To be a man is not a day job?
While i click on vedio play button then this app crashes
I can't tag my friends at posting status or  tag friends at comment. Please fix it
this app very fantcy i like at this app i love facebook
I don't like it because I need to have a fb messenger so i cant chat with my friends!!!
perfect
Awesome
Good
On the right path
First of All if takes up too much space spams you with invites to facebook messenger which barely works itself and all it does is show me messages i already saw and freeze up my phone everytime i scroll past a video
Losing the "instant communication" part on a smartphone is kind of having a truck without engine. Even if I was not using it often, I think it is now kind of pointless to have a mobile app like this for FB. To check the updates, it is sufficient to connect every now and then from the computer.
Very good
I keep updating when it's needed now again I did it I can't see any pics at all not even by people's name it seems with every new update something else happens I'm over it big time
Love this app
nice medium to stay in touch with old friends.
Hiii
I love fb app
Its a very resource hogging app. Also forced me to install messenger app. Utterly useless!
Please fix it... Make it movable to sd card in my Samsung Galaxy Chat... Thanks.
I dont like this app because it says i have to download fb messenger to see messages ....
Better than old version. but still not enough for if it's official version. iPhone is better
Superb
I reached my friends with this appapp
We dont want messenger
Superb.
Why?
Allways keeps you updated abt your friends. ...
good
facebook
SUCKS
Definitely still some bugs... for cm9. Please fix!!!
Nice
Facebook is one retarded app now did access useless permissions
Is a cool app"love it
Cool interface but still lacks the complete functionality extant in the browser version
Bravo
Awesom
I like facebook friend of facebook
My old Facebook is good, it's not looking good. Please change it
It's ok
Love it
I just love it
messenger !!
Jignesh gohel
Slow
Ful mazay main i like it toooooo much
Nice
Its not getting downloaded on my phone.
First, return messages to the app.  Second, STOP THE NEWS FEED SUTO REFRESH!!  I go through, and suddenly am at the top again, sometimes with different stories, meaning I miss a lot, and it keeps refreshing randomly!  That doesn't happen in the browser, and I am thinking of dumping the app altogether!
Even with that lousy update, I want the old one back with messenger stuff and everything in it. Gonna delete the messenger thing anyway. SUCKS.
Why we must download Facebook messenger !!
It makes you install messenger!
Good
keep on forceclosing and i hate the messneger its killing my battery!bring back the old  fb!
Hut
Cool app
I was on FB and it says it isn't responding. Even when it seems to be working just fine. Please fix.
It is very easy to login n upload
Nice
Your forced to get messenger to read your OWN private messages
What is this? The picture is bad quality and when I zoom it didn't change to good quality of the picture. Fix please
(y)
My life
Not excellent
Great update
I love u fb
it shouldn't force us to have messenger it tells other people I have it and I don't like it , it says my friend has it and she doesn't please change that or I will delete the
I want to change cover photo & it closes out of the ap.
Dears you forced me to instal Facebook messenger application and I'm can't use the messages throw the Facebook application and I must go to menu home tho use the application from the start and I can't send any message to any account I must go to Facebook messenger application then search for the account which you need to talking with hem......please I need your urgent support
runs it out of battery in an hour turns it off randomly,freezes 10 times a day,thats just some of the things wrong with it..dont get it
Shahin Mahamod

Everything works fine but I cant make my news feed show me only the most recent updates. Only shows top stories so im seeing the same things over and over. Fix for 5 stars
Em..ok
Every video that I clicked does not play an error is occurring every time I try to play a video posted by my friends
Very very slow app....
Hgf
Even worse since more adds then ever and if I want messenger ill sms my friends with out you seeing what im doing. HUGE invasion of privacy! Aswell if I want to see something from 2013-2012 I'll go back and see it instead of logging in and you putting up OLD posts that I don't want or need to see.
This app is best
Took much space on phones and pictures and video thumbnails not loading in offline mode
Selvan
Facebook for your phone was a great idea. App works great.
Ok
Very good
Gooood
Add more features
Third class app
I was fine until I coudn't log in it said something about (SSL....blah....blah)
I don't like
I hate it when i tap the message,it says to install the messenger.i dont want it,then whats the problem??!!
After eventually starting up, this is the best app ever ... for draining your battery.
Decent app
It's pretty good now, but it really needs a tablet UI
Awesome
its nice...
it is great
Love it its dope 
Social networking its good
Love it
Facebook
Its not showing pictures or links
Facebook won't even open on my phone anymore, all the updates and the stupid messenger app is just crap.. I hate facebook now.
Laxmananmani
Mrs
After the recent updates, the app changed 100% so I rate this 5
734676
It won't update on my device
Its always crash and crash, ol d time.. please fix it.. I can't acces my fb at all.. don't say its amazing in ur review if u can't fix that..
I like it coz it easy when I met my close friends
Good
124456
Super love it.
Bagus
Lolz cool
Should not need the messanger app
Facebook should have add vedio calling also for android users...
Fantastic app . ..
Arbaj khan
Everytime I use this app I get maybe halfway through my news feed and it freezes my entire phone to the point where I have to restart my phone. And the messanger app sucks.
Dis is d bst apps ...conct wid all nw & old frndzz
Why does it need access to our sms that sucks
Great
For fixing it
Facebook
Don't force people to get an app. I'm close, as is many other people, to being done with Facebook.
Older version
The app keep closing automatically. Fix this I'll rate 4 stars then
I dont want messenger app..while fb inbox open will see use messenger app ds s totaly waste and no privacy
How can I do if I forgot my password???
The UI for this app is terrible and inconsistent. Sometimes it shows notifications, sometimes it shows the last notification I viewed. Multiple clicks just to get to recent stories make this more work than need be. Then the removal of Messenger was the final straw. Overall a bad app.
Stupid prompts still come when all notific still disabled. So irritating
after install messenger , my hp very slow !
A-One. Nice one.
It cannot work it shows that it is not responding ppz fix it i will give u five star...
But it's lagging plsss fix that.....
Luv it
Gud for use
What in the world?? Also can't tag a person that is not a friend in the comment section.. Not a feature that I wanted.. Also, such a battery drainer!
Dam slow aap
Awesome
Thanks
Gajab

Loved it
Waste of owning the app.it drains the battery even if u hav it or not.
Very good app
Good fun with family friends and strangers
Consume lots of Data.
L it
What the hell is the fact that you force users to install Messenger app to read sms?? The sms app is fuking lag and very annoyed
Mamun
Fb
Cool
Its fun and easy to talk with your love ones friends and people that can be your new friends
Requires way too much access to phone and personal data.  And requires messenger.   Uninstalling
Fb suddenly got so slow after the update, it always say problem on loading on news feed, but i got a good internet connection, pls fix it, i cant even see anything on my wall
This app is great all round but I'm now using a smartphone with only a home button. Facebook is the only app o struggle to go back to the previous screen as they have no built in back button. Twitter does!
But slow
it is lovely bt there is need for improvements mostly on android and I phones regards coloured alphabets and figures. depending on the colour selected by the end user.
Can't play most videos anymore. Seems to work with youtube videos, but not with personal uploaded videos by my friends..
I like it interesting to communicating my friends here its nice apps.
I love Facebook because it is a way to talk to my friends in Australia from my home in Glasgow. :-)
God is good & His name will be known by all.
Forces you to install it's messenger
Like
Khub sunbor somoa katanor jonno.
Good
Good Job
Facebook app
Good
But the last version of Facebook was awesome but for diz version I give four
Best nye
Hii
FACEBOOK
I Like it
Too much crap
It kicked me off
Ok
Him tum

Chotu maine net dal va liya leken apps  se keise baat karte hai muje megs kar ke bta do
I love to keep in touch with friend and family.
Force close
Keeps kicking me back to the home screen. Facebook sucks.
Will not load!!
Nothing bad....
It's ok
Ffffffff
I hate it because I need install messenger app
Very good
When you mail someone you can't until you download messager its annoying because I don't want to download messager
Bestest
Very nice
I love facebook. I'm an fb addict.
Nice
But why do we "NEED" fb messenger if we really do NOT need it?!! Thats why we have cellphones!!
I love facebook
Just 3 stars...
It is not so good like computer...!! This app is just for checking notifications and sending or accepting requests....!!
Wow
Messenger. Even if it's limited. Bring it back.
Very good app
I was dealing with most recent being a feed. Now I can't see my notifications when I do , and it sucks. How do you keep getting worse with each update.
I will not download the messenger app. Bring back in app messages or change the permissions on messenger app!
Nice
Wali muhammad
I was not happy but now its got better and better so now am satisfied. ...
Very very Good app.......
Wow!!!
Do we need messenger when we have this app..
Slow
Nice....
I don't like Fb closed the inbox and turn it into messenger, why we must download messenger if we don't need that?
Excellence
This app is good
I like it
Needed this app to be able to share to F.B . No messenger app needed like other comments suggest.
Awesome experience
:-(
I hate to use fb now because it hangs a lot when ever I open it gets open but always get on to froce close mode.
I am hatedd it.
Asum
Why do we need to download the messenger app if Facebook already has it??
fb
Tkt
Even fb using is more if u want to use both app i can delete fb app from my phone .it only killing my phn space more pls look over it otherwise iam gng dump fb app into dustbin.without chat fbis unuse pls change fb app with chat as much as possible.
Now I have no problem rating you five. Still have a lot of work to be done, but for now bravoo.
Chat..chat..chat
Videos wont play on news feed, keep getting error can not play.
Excellent for type of people.
Replying a photo on a post forces close the app, it really sucks
For an older version
Every time I try to scroll up in down the entire screen shut down and go back to my phone home screen please fix
I don't want to download another app to use Facebook!!  Boooooooo Facebook.
Four stars
Better than viber
Not so good
N
Since the last update almost every time I get on Facebook after being on for a few mins it force closes.so aggravating and when it does work I can't watch videos.I'm ready to delete it and join Twitter.
Its very nice
Does not work
Becoming very displeased with the dysfunction of this app and the fact messenger is now a separate required app.
Gem
Good
Ganda ganda
Because of the messenger deal.
Added the ability to reply to comments and then promptly removed it, que
Best FACEBOOK app Ever !!
Why did you mess with my news feed, I need to see most recent not hours ago. So I guess I just will not it from my phone...boo Facebook...no improvements, you made it worse.
I love facebook
itz super softwear
Awesome
Good
Bagus
Nothing to write for Facebook
Good. Now I not use Message App, but I chat in Facebook App.
The best
ASUS ZenFone 4.
Please change the new update and get it back to the previous one
Good
It helps to find freinds
I really hate the look. The old look was way better. I feel like I'm looking at a newspaper.
Addictive and as good as its going to get
Up until this most recant update it worked wonderfully now it won't load my news feed and it it does load at all it will not update
Fb sucks with the messenger apps....... bla blAH
Excellent!
Allwesh used this app
Ok
Facbook
I rated 2 because .. The messenger should be in the app builtin .. No need to install messenger app separately because that app doesnt sign out
Its help me to shear with friend
It's fast but no mind from make it better
I don't want your fu*king messenger
Awesome and life saving aap
It's super gay that you have to use messenger, which requires WAY TOO MANY PERMISSIONS! And it takes up more space and clogs up my phone. Stupid!
good
Faster
Epic fail. Facebook app sucks
Wat a heck this update is...plz fix it....
Don't want a separate messenger app. Don't fix what's not broken. The old app worked just fine.
Jhakass
How do you design an app that gets consistently worse, more prone to failure and heavier on resources? It seems like counterintuitive r&d. Just terrible.
Cool
Sucking app
FAM unit is all around
Videos are not playing. .. app closes automatically. ...
Great
Don't download this app it wastes 85% of your phone's memory
Its awesome.
It does not want to be downloaded any help please
Facebokook
Great
Doesn't seem to be getting any better.
Updated
no worries so far but always room for improvement right?!!?
Ever since the latest update I have been having issues with the news feed loading.
good
It's nice app
Always not responding
Stupid cause of messenger and the fact that it won't let me look at my notifications!!!! Just takes me to an older post :(:( update to fix that problem would be nice!!!
Did good for a while. Now locks up my phone and some times app won't open at all. Uninstall!!!!
palaniraman
Love is frend's, I like
Nazeer
After the install of updated version everytime i go to a friends page it lags and freezes up. Fix it
We want to upload photos in comments like iphon....
I love it. This is my favourite site. So nice application.
Nice but makes phone slow.
This is very bad app the speed of facebook app is boooring without speed this app not responding on my phone. Plzzzz facebook makers i request u plzZ increase the speed of facebook app like as whats app.
I think mind blowing site to meet her any body
To all those people leaving negative reviews. The app has no problems the problem lies with either the way you use it or the device you have. I never encounter any of the problems listed in the reviews
I cant recieve messages! fix it please! -_-
NOT BAD
It's really dumb now stop upgrading it's fine how it was like months ago
It is really best app for Facebook.....
Good
Very bad
Great app!
Still cannot use Stop notification after newest update.
Super but. Very slow.......
When it works brilliant. But keeps not recognising password or not loading. Have deleted / reinstalled 9 times now. Exceptionally frustrating.
Do i really have to download the app. to view my private msg?
Nice
I can't for some reason choose between most recent and most popular.  There are some groups that ate time sensitive.
Shouldn't be forced to have the messenger app!
I simply like it bcz it helps me in many ways
Great
Great going facebook.
Awesome
Nice
I refuse to download the messenger app, and have removed FB app off my phone because in order to have them, you have to give permission to FB to access everything. They even have permission from you (because you hit accept) to control your cameras on your phone. If your looking at your phone while naked, they could potentially be watching you.
I've had nothing but probs since the recent update. Looking at pics sucks. When I try to post a status it fails about 4/5 times, & I lose whatever I typed. This app is getting worse & worse!
smthng to had
Woooooow
It's consumes 50 mb in my phone. Ugh. Dammit.
Nice work
Good application
Good
I avoided the update because of the intrusions this update includes. Read/write mms? Use camera/microphone? Prevent phone from sleeping? Act as account authenticator? The list goes on and I did not want my privacy trampled by an app that forced it's update and has permitted itself to read data not exclusive to Facebook or limited to Facebook. Especially when that app has allowed itself the right to act on it's own and with my supposed approval and authority. UNINSTALLING FACEBOOK.
Awesome app
Never had a problem until latest version and now it is near useless
This appp is soon great!!loved it
Everything now is not working on Facebook android.... What is going on.?
I m not able to share the post to the groups to which I have joined.
But I'm not using (
Like old setup better
Good app
Superb application
nice
It sucks!
What the hell is wrong with the Facebook app? Is it seriously wrong to want the status updates in chronological order when they happened? I really don't want to know things that happened 3 days ago. Figure it out, its annoying as hell.
Nice app
Gud app
its easy to Handel but some feature like find friends need improvement and switch to multipal friends
Grudge rigde Fudge Pajamasjhhfm Hghhg  high
Its good
very G¨°od
Greatly disappointed with the Messenger thing.  FORCING PEOPLE TO INSTALL MESSENGER - this sucks. Totally sucks.
Yazdani
Just okay with opportinities to improve on but still fine.
Good
You should make translations for other languages be available on the app and not just the mobile site
Sultan erfani " nice app
no me gusta para nada la aplicacion de mensajes...sorry pero trenenda porqueria lo w hicieron.
Harsh
Super
Lose..
The app is OK but God forbid you being able to scroll very far down ur timeline. It will automatically go back to the beginning after a while. If I wanted to do that I'd do it myself. Thinking about deleting it and the messenger app
Good
I HATE MESSENGER
The new update is bad it moves so slowly I can't even go through the page guys fix that please
Good
5 star
So tired of FB not listening to the concerns of their followers. I haven't done an update for the past 3 updates that Were sent. It's not worth it cuz it just gets worse each time. Can't wait for the next social network to knock FB of it's high horse.
Facebook
Can't watch videos anymore
It just freeze my tablet when i watch videos uploaded on facebook...! :3
Its 3rd time that the same update haas been updated (screen from anywhere, swipe to navigate among diff areas). What is wrong with it? Is it some kind of joke?
I love fb
The access you request for a mandatory app that is messenger is obsene. Ur FACEBOOK!!! FIX IT!!!
Why downgrade and remove messaging?
To slow
It nevr works wel in my mob i don't kno y.. On d othr hand it is vry vry vry slow.. I jst stoped coming onlin jst for this app
Very useful
Not cool
Poda
I don't want the messenger app
Takes lot of space n time
When I try to get on facebook my screen goes black or white then tells me that 'Facebook is not responding' then gives me 3 choices: wait, report, or ok. But waiting doesn't work, and reporting does nothing so the only thing I can do is press okay and try again later HOPING it works
Hi
Why should.u have access t0.my information.
App has to be closed and reopened multiple times a day to function.  Usually it's just that pictures won't load. Lately my news feed won't load.
Hay
J
H
Can't add friends or do anything in a status update
P.o.s
Dhule
Warning: Downloading this app hands your life to Facebook by allowing it to see everything on your phone, as shown by the list of permissions you give to Facebook before installing it, including access to your camera and text messages
Don't like messenger
Yyy
Finally. Facebook has started to care about their users experience on Android. It's been a long time coming. Very smooth experience.
World
Yup
Don't like being forced to use messenger app!
Love Facebook great app but force closes and freezes uninstalled reinstalled fix that otherwise works great!
i cant un install it at ll i dont nees facebook any one
The second I turn on the app it disables my WiFi and says there is a network error. I filled an error report and nothing was done.
Soc
Nagendra
All is well except memory consumption by this app..
Superb
Tha app is great but it really kills the battery please look for ways to modify it
Nice App

Nice feature
Not bad
Not responding since the latest update, and problem with video.
I can access my Facebook with my web browser & have full function. The app WAS a handy alternative, until I was told I have to have ANOTHER app!
Would like most recent posts as default page.
Videos start to play by themselves even if you select 'off ' in app setting
Ty
Connection issues
One
Connecting people
Status shuffle application needed on Facebook.
K
Please turn on my account back on
I updated my app because i want it to be much better than the old version, but it seems like the old version was good than this. It always keep on logging and crashing. hope you fix it
Genial
Very slow as always! Tsk
Cant live without it.
Without F B i can't handel mY abroad life...
Very good...
Facebook is where i can connect every of my friend round the globe
I love facebook but will not down lowed face massger. My facebook just got hacked in because of the facebook massger so ya
I don't like the fact that we are forced to download the messenger app!
like
Bogs my droid a bit
Hiran
Nice
Dfhu ya xv mm
Mantaaap broo
Not gonna install it.
1 star until I can message people from the app again. Refuse to download Facebook message app.
It uses too much CPU and battery.
When I update this software it didn't open in noir a6
Not able to tag, check-in, etc on status since this recent update
UI can be more simple
Twitter is better than this
keep it up :) i love your apps
Saju
Nice app
Dood
Social network that really dope
Sbse bekaar hai
Hope it have a multiple delete messages in multiple persons.
This app is prying into what it shouldn't. Why the Hell does this app need to see my text messages or have control of my net access?
Nice
I don't like the new updates because you have to install a separate app for messages.
I love fb
Nice App like it It is described notifications , upload pictures etc. This is very easy to find who Upload the pictures , images. That's why I use this app ..... Cool App
It's okay but these updates have the news feed behind
Great
The be
But its complicated
Good communication tool
S
112mb & now comes another useless app...what else you want from us...
Nice
Ek dam solid...
Older vision
A great app to stay connected with ur friends n family
Face to Face
5
Caca completa
I don't want the messenger app :(
Patil
. I don't like it because of the messenger app. hate being forced to accept stuff
Dont like updating it
Too good...!!!
Good
Cannot see if you are sharing a post. .. what is the point of that?
It usually works but now switches between Facebook logo screen and black screen.
My facebook application for android is not at all working  properly. my phone is micromax A34. Whenever i try to do a work Notification comes your facebook application is not Responding With options of force close wait and report. I am tried to reinstall it many a times but nothing happens it always hangs. please help me out of the situation very quickly..... as soon as possible.
Its great u get to communicate and see friends from childhood
Its a great way to find n keep in touch with Family and Friends.
;)
The permissions this application need just to operate is nuts! Total invasion of privacy. Please change these. Let US the owner of the phone and information thereof decide what we share with you!
But not complete
Hai
Disappointing after the change to messenger.
Mandatory spyware messaging app.
Nice
Gud ..1
1894
I like the new look great app.
Messages should be accessible in this app
I like it.
Nice
You shouldn't need ANY access to anything on my phone! !
After the new update, all post became "just now" but the post was 2 or 3 days ago. And one more thing. My list friend chat were all "active now" but the people were not online. I give u 5 star if u fixed this. Tq
This app is just amazing.
I love so much my point is 5*
Love it..
I don't like it because u have to get messager
It useful app because I need to my friends....

Nice app
Nice
It's very cool
App pushed by all might just to bridge the gap between humanity and fast growing commecial world in the name of conculsive growth.god tusse great ho.
Awesome
Please help to me
Wonder full experience! !!!!!
Good
It flangs all d tym
the best u can Pati Games and talk to people
I like having Facebook so conveniently on my phone but this new update is terrible!!! You can't use messenger unless you download the Facebook Messenger app... Great, just another app that takes up too much space in my device. I am not pleased.  Facebook, take this requirement out!!!
D best..
News stories
Google
Its a fine app but should improve more in bugs login problems
Slows down my phone only one month old freezes black and blank screen . loading time is like stone age boulders slow as snail sticking when scrolling takes forever to log in .Im better off using Firefox to log in tired of this crap.  :(  :+(
I like it
I cant do anything without it crashing every second!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Plus you need to stop wIth the messenger stuff nobody likes it at all
nice app.....
Esta nueva forma de FB est¨¤ horrible. Cuando hagan cambios que sea para mejorar por Dios. Grrrr
Very good
So..disappointed cz of d messenger app...
Not compatible with my device
Good
good
Why the heck must I use two apps for Facebook? Facebook messenger can fly off a cliff. So can this app.
Had a good thing going, then you messed up. Refuse to install the messenger .
Very useful this site, because my old friend we meet here
I love it!
love it.....
For a newer version
Facebook
Hate because you have to get messenger app. Try posting in Facebook yardsales and cannot tag someone not in your friends list and I could before. And now try and post something and screen goes great and Fb locks up. Very frustrating! There should be an option to get to the messages to your other folder on the app instead of thought the Web it's inconvenient and time consuming.
...seriously
When i looked at the pictures its not clear. What should i do ?
Fixed
Gullu
Good app
Himanshu Barman
This acts up a lot
We should not be forced to have the messanger app that invades our privacy. Its comlete bs. Fix this or im getting rid of fb all together
Slowest!
Touch
Always freezing this app gets worse and worse as the updates are being pushed.
Messenger messed up this rating.
:(
Awesome
Hate the fact that you have to download the messenger app to get the messages on Facebook. Please fix.
I like this application
Cannot watch videos and dislike having to have the messenger app! Too much storage space!!!!
:o)
I used to love this. Now, after uninstalling almost all my other apps, the Facebook app takes up so much space that it won't run properly, it doesn't always open & freezes, crashing my entire phone when it does. I cannot view any of my photo albums, let alone my friends'. Videos run slowly, if at all. The need to install the new messenger app is ridiculous. Uninstalling this app & sticking to fully funciontal apps like whatsapp, that do not clog up &/or crash my phone each & every time I try to open them.
Get rid of it. EVERYONE Hates it. U don't need to know all of my business or abuse my friends because u got their info from me. It's a piece of shyt and you really should respect your subscribers wishes. Or someone else will come along who does.
Super
Fb
Nice app
Useful
Best app ever
Raees
Facebook is full of options! App
Making messenger app compulsory :( is not fair
Too much crap on my WiFi nowadays
Ok
Messenger sucks terribly
The best on earth

Very good
Dont want this messenger though
What's with the messenger app??? Downloaded it and on Facebook whenever I click on the message tab, it freezes the whole app...
Dear Facebook,please make it simple and don't need too much space.Plus,I don't want Messenger.
Stop pushing the messenger app I don't want it because I don't use it.  By dividing up fb into fb, fb messenger,  and chat, you make the mobile app really crappy.   Put it all in one place streamline it, make it better.
Logs me out whenever I try to upload a video
Keep me update with the family and friends .
Virinais
A battery hog that takes up far too much computing power. Would not recommend.
Luv facebook..
It has given me a wonderful opportunity to have friends and family close to me. Has also made my relationships with others stronger. Great app to have.
Its gud nd browser is fast
I love it, its really easy to use.
i hate the messenger feature.
Luv the app
Working  very slow and also must have messenger, which is undesirable.
Why do we "have" to download a separate app for messenger? I dont have enough space on my phone to do this and now with the "updated" facebook, im unable to download it at all. Seriously? This is ridiculous.
Happy
Its aight
Won't upload newsfeed. Now app won't even let me log in. Also, the messenger app is not needed!! Go back to old, better format!!
Amazing
Ya Ya
Good ^_^ >_¡ã
Messenger suck and I hate that I have to use it
It's To Slow when I DownLoad it! Too Fast to Eat my Phone Memory!
Hate new version
Perfect.
The application is good, up to the point they are forcing people to download a messenger application. If someone doesn't want to use the messenger applications they shouldn't have too, it's a worthless add on.
I lop it
Above
fun
Permissions aren't as scary as they sound people. Decent app...no problems.
Slow
Facebook messager not good
Always crashes when I try to view a video
I love this app
because of this app my other cell was hang and now i can't open it.. grrrr
Kale
Bunch of Relastionship
Great
Not much words needed. Plain 1 star
Loved it
Ok
very exallent way for expressing  feeling
Great app
Very slow
It usually goes to my homescreen without pressing the home button. And it takes a lot of memory in my phone.
Jj
Nice!
Great app
great messenger, even i can message my friends in game, so i don't need to close my game to reply messages.
nothing bad
Ilove nic nic
Facebook mmg terbaik
It won't let me watch videos
Doesn't work! Suck!
Fb messenger is a waste of mem'ry.
Love it love u Tyrone
Dud it's amezing
banning members from the group would be easier if we could search threw them. We have 20,000 members and simply trying to ban someone threw this app is difficult.  Half the time when I search threw the members and try and ban them. The button doesn't even work. Great app but would  be a 5 stars if it was more admin friendly
Cant read messages w/o downloading messenger. I don't want to download it! End users should have the option to be able to still read messages w/o the msgr app.
I hate it
This is very nice
Slower
hridoy
Gu
L
It freezes my phone.  The new update is not worth it.
Forced to use messenger.  Not good
This app sucks
Its good
It's a grated app
it doesn't work on my phone properly& crashed
This app takes too much space up on my old phone but wen i got the samsung Gs2 4g it doesnt even it is a smooth app with a good user interface keep it up facebook!!
I would say that it is a heavy app plz reduce its size Thanku
very nuce
This great
Very good
Get read of the messenger app
I can't see the video 
azizz noah
It's ok
Takes too long to install
Hate it .
It helped me reach out to a friend that I ain't heard from in awoke
The app is good overall and accomplishes it's purpose, but I can't give it any more than 1 star because it always runs in the background even after being manually forced closed. This is a serious problem because I don't like battery drain and can't uninstall it due to needing it for some games. Please fix!
Gud
I really hate when facebook makes an fb messenger for their messages .. Doesnt make sense at all .. 
Awsm
I really don't understand why you have to download the FB messenger in order to talk to someone that is just another app on you phone taking up space sighs please change it back to how it was before or allow persons to talk to each other through fb
Updet know
Automobile Exp.
What if I don't want to install facebook messenger, why can't I see my messages on facebook app itself?!
I love it
Hate Facebook messenger I rather d normal text in my inbox....
So good
I really love it.
It good app for friends
Like this
Awesome
Make your disclaimers easier to understand,  put messenger back in app
The best app for everything
Excelent
Why the hell do I want to use the kessanger
Good
It is very good i love it
I HOPE SOMEDAY FACEBOOK APP WILL GET FASTER AND LIGHTER
I want to be able to select recent first on my news feed. App is what it is. Would like to be able to do as much as I can online.
All I can say is... WOW! BOOM PANES!!!!!
Galleta
Don't like it because you need messenger
What happened my Facebook? I open it automatically off...please fix it
K chawla
I dont like this..cannot upload
The new update Is crap it keeps making my phone either freeze or restart. It also keeps saying force to close  -_-
What was the point in removing the built in messenger app? For one, the built in one worked just fine. But nooo, had to ruin it. If you liked that messenger app so much, why couldn't you have just integrated it into the Facebook app itself rather than a separate app? I feel like you're taking the wrong turns, many people are uninstalling it due to the stupidity of your developers.
No word can describe this app
Mundane
I like it
G8
Vety good messenger
Superb
Penis
Mad
My fb
The only reason I continue using Facebook and the Facebook App is because there is no real alternative that a majority of my friends and family use.
It was great until they seperated the fb msg.. sigh!!!
It is superb app......
It keeps trying to force you to use a different app to message people. Was better as before.
Become faster and faster with every update. For the newest update, I don't like the link open by facebook in default. I don't need an extra browser. And the browser always hang. Found the setting to turn off this features
Thanks
FB shouldn't make the users use an additional messenger app. Also there is something wrong with the version that comes with Sony Xperia...it hangs repeatedly. Although it might be an Xperia problem n not the FB app. Nonetheless my experience is certainly not good
Owsome
I love u HINDUSTAN
LenovoA369i103
I dont like updated. I dont want to see likes n comments of others. Page is full of other's likes n comments for their friends.
nice perfect
This is were I have found with all my friends from the pass.
I luv dis app mane :-)
I had to delete the app because everytime I would click on the Facebook  icon it would log me out&take me back to my homescreen
I try to log in but,it always give me ,error message,PLEASE HELP ME AND FIX THIS PROBLEM
Nice
Yes
Nice app
Good
Like is like
Rex Bundac
Ravi.chalasani
State
Keeps on constantly crashing in Galaxy Note 3. Is about to get rid of it.
Very good apps
Creepy, yet......
Alam
awesome
Hello
This is absolutely horrid I can check my messages with out fb my tablet can't handle the software so now I can't really use Facebook great!!
Extremely dislike not having my messenger in one app! I think Facebook just wants to take over people's phones entirely. No Facebook you cannot have permission to my entire life! Fix back to the way it was and I'll like again.
<3
Doughboydakid
I hate that we have to have the messenger app. I feel like it should be up to us if we want it or not. It takes up more room to have both apps than it does to just have one. Also, it would be nice to easily be able to get most recent news feed rather than 5 day old posts. Fix and I'll give a better rating.
Enjoying it
Excellent
I don't like it. I just check my messages on the computer. And the only reason I am downloading the face book app now is because my computer is down. LOSE THE INVASION OF PRIVACY, YOU HAVE ALL KINDS OF PRIVACY SETTINGS ON FACEBOOK IT SHOULD APPLY TO THE APP TOO!
Good
It sucks cant get my accout someone took it and changed th language
Good
Rujeniel
I'm sick of it updating every week!
Gud
Good
supah Love it :)
Better interface and overall good performance!!
Getting worse and worse, uninstalling this data eating junk!
Likes it
It always says not responding fix tht because am not going to dtick around to something tht sometime doesn't wanna open
I took messenger off for more room on my phone and did everything on one app.  Now you tell me I need two apps. What's next a third app to see coments? And now with the update I do not receive notification unroll I open the app.
Still kinda freezes tho
Facebook snatched my app info everything gone
Facebook keeps freezing all the time. Was a lot better before the update.
Hi just want to report about the problem i am encountering everytime im opening my fb..it says single sign in.. what happen here and why its taking sometime to open and to post
Uninstalled and will NEVER reinstall it again. Will use the mobile site. I'm not going to download the messenger app just because you want to spy on us, or send emails on my behalf that I would never give permission to do in the first place. Good-bye sh*tbook app.
Nasurdeen
Its dobule ok
It's a good app
Good
Top dech
i don't want to . but it updates automatically and it really sucks !! did you got it ?  this newest version is really sucks !!! i hate it >_<
I really love it !!
Very good app
Good
Time line not in order
<3
Once I installed this app, it made all my other apps close and wouldn't run.
Love facebook its helpful i can connect with friends in different countries and so easy to use
LOVE IT!!
Its ok because i can talk too my family and post anything i want....But it is aggravating that i can't unstall it
I cannot update cause apparently I do not have enough storage space on phone. That is not true. I have 154 mb and update never can be finished. Even after multiple attempts.
is getting slower and slower & did not improve at all. I have done so much updates but didn't improve so much also Facebook is the one who keeps my phone slower because it eats so much RAM and my RAM is only 321 MB (Samsung Galaxy S)
Why do we have to download the messenger app.?????
Like it
Sux won't let me install...
Oh no...why I can't update my status? Fix this please...
Sometimes
I love it because it gives me what I want
New version is slow
Too slow and difficult with massenger and facebook
Not finding the app any better. And now I have to have two apps for Facebook. Really considering uninstalling and using Facebook from the browser on the phone instead.
Nice
Keep on hanging n suddenly exit programme. This is annoying.
It keeps on saying insufficient storage even I HAVE SO MANY STORAGE!!! PLEASE FIX THIS... IF YOU FIX THIS I WILL GIVE YOU 5 stars........
Love it nice and simple.
Mrs. notta
It s not tht its to mich good bcoz it get hang any time
It cant load, everytimr i have notifications it never appear
Pls. Add an attachment of file
I love it
No changes in the update. Just the waste of my bundle
Very good
Why has the "sync contacts" option been removed? Seems with every update, some things get better, at the cost of losing options that were good, had to remove one star. This option was important to me! "At least other apps will answer your questions, this one ignores you, minus another star!
Cool
My friends live in facebook
good application  i llike it
Love it sometime freezes
Awesome nd amazing
It's wow!
Why can't I sort the stuff I see in my wall/newsfeed according to the most recent anymore??? I hate seeing old posts in my wall!!! This should be zero star rating.
I have not updated it 8/28/14 since I just read that with the new update you must have messenger!! When the day comes that I must have messenger in order to use Facebook, I will unstall the entire app!! This is a phone for God's sake & I need it more for making calls!! While I have a minimal # of apps on my phone, one of them that recently updated is interfering w/the functionality of my phone, kicking me out of texts and emails deleting everything I have typed, etc. I will NOT be controlled!
Take the h
We love Facebook
Frozen download
Good
Ok
Faster and more reliable, yes. Only thing that's been done right. Still not worth five stars, let alone one. Make recent posts the dominant news feed and out messages back into it, maybe then and ONLY then, can this be considered good again.
Tammam apps kela...... sb a use kori bht val pabi....
It's really useful. I love this new edit.
The stars says it all
Face Book
Really fast
goooooogfriend
Improved, great features
I dont like it at all because you have to have the messenger app! If some one doesnt want it than we shouldnt HAVE to download it and we should be able to decide if we want it, and we should be able to uninstall facebook right off our phones it should not be mandatory for phones because what if some people dont have facebook nor dont want a Facebook
Fantastic app.
I love communicating with my family. I'm dying and Facebook brings me closer. Thank you to the family of Facebook. Love y'all.
I love it keeps up with friends and relatives.
This new Facebook update is terrible! Forcing everyone to download the messenger app on order to read and respond to messages on Facebook is beyond ridiculous. Not to mention that the permissions you have to give let's them access all of the info on your phone including your cameras and contacts as well as your texts... I am very disappointed and I am seriously considering getting rid of Facebook altogether after this one!
There is no copy paste option in this app. And y cannot we download any video? Please fix it.
Facebook wood go on my SD card it would be a whole lot better I'm running out of space please fix it
I can't believe how many friends and family I've been reunited with that I thought were gone forever. And have met new friends as well. Its just amazing.
This app is some cut
Bug fix
•þ³£³£®”™C ¸üÐÂÇ°¶¼›]ÓÐß@‚€ î›r = =
Bad

I don't like new version. The old versoin is best
Post
Sucks
Sucks because u need messenger. People should have the freedom of wanting it or not.
Useful
cant write or read the inbox without install the mesenger..fix plz..
awesome
I really love this app bcoz i can easily contact my family abroad
I downloaded to put pica on fb. Then have to erase even with moving to sd cart..not sure its the app or my phone..so with that ill go a 4 star..reviews say it does work for most....update. got a new phone..its better but still takes Lots of space...but who can go day to day without facebook..great fun!
I hate camera roll can't post picture from galary
Horrible , people don't want more apps on there phone , taking up space c'mon
Its cool and cool and cool. And my phone is getting low. Haha but its fine. :))
Zayrah
G
Very heavy usage of system resources.
Its good. I use it but its forcing us to download the messager app. I mean I know it want us to get the messager so they could delete the message but for reals I don't want to download the "Facebook Messager" app. If you guys could not use our information on the "Facebook Messager" app then I'll download it. Overall its a good app
Shouldn't have to have a different app to have this app and message back and forth..  isn't that why Facebook started besides public post
Good. Network
Good
My life...
the ap doesnt work half the time ill have full signal and it will tell me cant find a secure connection please fix it
Better with my Sony z2
Don't like how we have to download messenger just to check our messages. The Facebook app takes up space and it takes way too long to load.
Facebook spies on you with your camera and microphone
Very good
Fun play games with friends
It make me so crazyyyy!!!!
(Facebook ) It keep me in touch with my family &Friends
I don't like the fact of having another app just to send messages.
Since the last update, I can't do anything,  comments,  likes etc. Keeps closing on me. Am I being punished for not installing messenger?
Does Facebook really need access to all of these private, personal things on our phone; including our location? That's a bit ridiculous to me and millions of other people. Change that Facebook, and maybe I'll download it again.
Fast
High speed
Its awesome
Getting too slow day by day. Taking too much Ram
It Is A Nice App For Connecting With All My Friends
Lov
J. jb
bedt
i love it
But sometimes it's crashed.
Kezd jo lenni
Bring it back.
Familia y amigos
Fb is a good app to be in touch with frnz bt one thing i don't like is that the need of fb messengr.its not too gud coz it covr a wide memory space of cell that makes slower our cell...
So yeah maybe this app can be slow sometimes but i admit the updates are getting better
Super
Ria
Good app
Take too much space and need to download facebook messenger then we can use the messenger..(another space wasted)
maloupit
Awesome
Kolkata
Cannot log in was already on facebook
Better
Best tp
Uninstalled
New Facebook
too much space ..T_T
The best network site on Facebook please download and create i.d and lot of more  details on this world and many more
Amaziiiiiiiiing
Slow
Vry nice
hay salamat .. na.install na jud
The app is broken, it won't let me check or respond to messages. It fine before, I'm not going to download another stupid app just for a basic feature.
Great
People keep PISSIN and moanin.  I am happy. It's free. What is there to complain about
Love this App
Nice apps
Regarding you using my camera, pics, etc.
Every time I click into the app it goes into white screen. I was working and now it ain't. White screen.
Too slow in processs bt prfrct
:)
Its like every month facebook have new upgrade and all it do is get more slow, take like ten year to open an force lock
The app is OK but it keeps asking me to download the messager app
I updated my Facebook this morning and it was supposed to make everything better.  WRONG!  Facebook is slower, it jams and gets stuck much more, it had slowed down everything on my phone.  My phone has frozen more times today than it has in the past year combined.  Facebook needs to get their act right and do it soon because this is deplorable.  It was actually better before this update.
Great
Used to be great, sucks now, always crashes, bad setup, uggghh fix it
So sweet
Its good..
Amazing app
Dont want Messenger app
Its vry and spped and enjoy ful fb apps
Uses too much data
I like it
Mo
I love it...I just hate the messenger app..I don't know why but its dumb....it is too much work and it takes up space...please delete the messenger app...
Plz fix very slow updating  everything both app n messenger . ...
Great app helps me to stay intouch with my children n granchildren. Its just I dont y Facebook keep displaying not responding with sum of my games.  Plz reply n xplyn plz
Wtf! I turned on my phone and it just started updating the app. Wtf! I didn't give permission to update.
It's good that we are able to connect with new &old friends...but why forcing...us to dowmload..MESSENGER
Loved it.
I DO NOT like the idea of being forced to install something I DO NOT WANT!!!!! TERRIBLE!!!!
I am deleting you oh and your messenger sucks also. Your app is the only app that turns off my wi-fi and shuts its self off.  I would give you no stars if it would let me.
Cool
If i can get to download
it sometimes want let me do any thing
If it wasn't for the new messenger app I would have rated FB 5 stars...never going to install it!
M
adil ka' talino; bacuramin ka' saruga; basengat ka' jubata
It's takes much time to open. Something need to be dome
Facebook
Nice
So so
you forcing us to download messenger. UN installing
Khon
Its great
Takes up too much memory and videos don't play on my ZTE warp sequent. Tired of constant updates with lack of improvement.
It is all of that
I didn't appreciate FB automatically updated my app without out my permission!!! I have it set to ask permission. I didn't want to update it because FB are a bunch of snoops! There is absolutely no reason why you need access to all of my contacts, messages etc.! DON'T LIKE THAT IT WON'T LET ME TURN OFF THE AUTO UPDATE!!
always stops workin  hope this up date fixs it
Att
Mahal
Hui
very nice app
I have a problem with my page dropping out or freezing at times. Sometimes it will tell me it doesn't recognize me .. there are glitches in the system but I enjoy using it when it's working
So my husband and Ihave the same phone, service and version of Facebook.. yet I don't have this option, why?! Also since update when you post a status it no longer gives you the icons to tag people and places.
Large and not in charge
Can't view msgs
Facebook
I hate facebook now!  The old version is better than now! Its always say "FACEBOOK DOES NOT RESPONDING DO YOU WANT TO CLOSE IT? " fix the bugs!  When im updating facebook its getting worst PLEASE FIX IT!
App keeps closing. Now you get a 1 star rating. Fix it.
Everytime i try to get on facebook it doesnt work
Facebook used to be stable and awesome, now I get not responding errors all the time and it runs ultra slow.
government has admitted to Facebook control
No 1 social media.
Sameer khan
facebook suck!!!!!!!
Face Book is one of the best apps ever in the social media category... But Ppl use it as a way to fight and stuff... But either way it goes Ppl are gonna still use Facebook
can u make it small in terms of memory space and to lag if u use it
designs,,&
Go back to the way it was! I hate the fact that the I need the messenger app!
I cant even open it
Love the lock screen notifications 
Makes me want to die
Love it
I love the app
Messenger sucks!
TO MUCH DRAMA WISH U CAN BLOCK PEOPLE OM MEASSANGER.    IT KEEPS KICKING ME OFF AND MY MAN LEE  KINCAID PLEASE FIX IT ASAP PLEASE
Alhumdelila
Nice
Don't like messenger
I love it
Samuel Cline
I hate that we have to download the Facebook messenger
Is very cool
Much better now, fb listened so I've revised my rating. "If fb ever decide to stop forcing me into top stories view when I open the app then it will get 5" -Update: fb are now forcing me to install another app if I want messaging. Not happy about this fb, -1 star again.
Messenger sucks. Keep it how it was
Don't like the privacy invasions, too much control over phone!!!!
Good stuff man
Goog
I love fb
Not a fan of the new update that incorperates the messenger app. The messenger app constantly informs me of no network, no internet connection. Enjoyed the previous flexibility of sending a personal message without inconvience using the FB app.
So good
waktu
It's a great application
I love the idea that facebook integrates with messenger app people just dont really appreciate it...
Just great be sides having to have messenger
Worked brilliant on android till today and now won't open. I've in installed and restalled it but still won't open. Come on fb sort yourself
Convenient
Why i didn't open my message n my timeline. Only at messenger :|
Wasn't happy I.had to.install in ghe first place just keeping it 100
A+
Look at all the permissions this thing has. My phone microphone? Really so you can remotely listen onto people?
Why remove messenger and make use use a separate app
Best app ever.
Bruh
Good app
It's ok
Josss
If I don't want messenger on my mobile why should I have to install it, 1 star till you bring back the old way of messaging...
Good
Messenger make its  this app worst and horrible
Lob
suparb
Pretty good. Though he thing that bugs me is that the dates and times are off even if its just on wifi.
It's great
Facebook is always make me smile.
Its kinda slow but kewl  Love it
New update sucks again. Constant not responding window pops up and takes forever to load.
Videos doesn't have sound now . You guys are really messing this app. up . SUCKS!
Try it
I like more my privacy.
I wish I could give this 0 stars. Takes ages to upload several pics, sometimes I can't read ppl's comments on my posts, won't refresh the newsfeed and now on top of all, you need a second app to read your private messages. Absolute shite.
Love it
This should be very helpful
Why do you need to ACCESS MY MIC and PERSONAL MESSAGES and CALL LOGS??
To tell the truth
Too much storage use
Breach of privacy much? What a bs app read and save sms messages modify contacts no way to turn settings off get the f out
I'd like way it be
That'd be sweet
Cant play videos
TennilleB.
Seriously?!?! Why do you need to be able to take pictures, see through the camera on my phone, make new accounts, get all my personal info on my cell, and do you want my SS# too???? Come on FB, get with the times, people enjoy their privacy, and do not enjoy creeps, pedophiles and stalkers.
It my pleasure to see it in new look
Reason why I give it just one star is because it keeps kicking me out of the app every time I try to check my stuff. Its making me mad
Fantastic
Good that i found my lossssst frynzzz"
I feel i am lucky to have it.
I remember when this first came out for Android. It was crap, the the next couple updates made it even worse. Now, is actually usable. They listened to the users kinda.
Abdur Rahim
Easy to use and versatile!
Enjoy sharing & hearing what others have to say. Learn from each other.
Fun to have
Awesome
Ok app but can't upload vids or view my old posted vids please add or update add
Its cool just download the messenger
Great.
I lov it i can reach out to every1 in my firstgrade clas
Keep it up
Vere good
Its ok
Since it automatically updated my Facebook has not worked. I am only seeing post from the 28th and its the 30. If nothing done soon im deleting this off my phone waste of time.
Good
Cool
This is very wonderful application (y)
It freezes a lot
The messanger app that wants to read my sms phone state and send messages without me even knowing is utter stupidity
It need to work better and  slowed down too much very bad
Want to login face book on to candy crush
Amazing
What amazing app specially the design... But still I hope that you can still compress its size; cause it really takes a lot of space from my device's memory... Thanks...
Always freezes. Cant get to friends list. Or other parts of pages for that matter. Ive had to uninstall and reinstall and report problems a lot. Easier to go through browser.      And ppl complaining about permissions.... EDIT YOUR SETTINGS.... otherwise its your fault for being harassed and fb only send things once you've accepted a request from them. Ignorance kills.
H
When ever I check my notification it will crash on me and some of my friends update there status I can't comments on it and it doesn't show!
It is by far the slowest app that I have on my phone.

Making people download the messanger is just going to push facebook into the next myspace people privacy should be number one their are plently of other social media people can use change it before it happends
O
Loved it
Don't download the messenger app. Its horseshit . Going to another social media site .
It's just a waste.
Average
Wtf
I will never use Facebook Messenger as long as you have such ridiculous agreement terms.  Facebook has gone way to far.
Whenever i click on the app it says 'just a moment' and doesnt load, then when it does load it stays on for like 30 seconds then closes its self!
Decent
Freezes when scrolling through and then the messenger app.....don't get me started.....I will never give y'all anything more than 1 star
My what im doin or watching etc is not there.. wtf.. plzzz fix
Its great to talk to friends
Truly a great way to stay connected.
Idk what is error -24.. Just please fix it
Great
You see one set if  statuses one time and another the next. Why should this app deceived what I see???!!! I want to see what ppl posted.
Suck! takes a century to load eating in to my precious data bundles for nothing, update notice whenever it deems and worst of all crashes every day even when i am sending important "vibes".
The fact that one is up to the minute abreast with what is going on in world of friendship is remarkable.
It's got more crust than percy ingle
Kool
Takes up to much space, makes us download messenger even if we don't want to, and it doesn't let me watch videos.
News feed does not load what so ever , I have good internet and it does not load even after reinstalling , and its not my device cause all the other apps work fine , please fix , please
Very slow to upload photos.. what's up facebook before it was superb now slow as snail.
It's facebook
A time killer
Nice app
I will rate it 5 when you can do everything browser FB can no chat 1 star. wtF is your problem FB leave messenger in Facebook and burn your messenger and the designers along with it 
Format let me see videos fix please
Keeps going back to home screen. mad to about ton take off my phone
Unbelievably I'm not always able to connect 50/50.. . Which also means that most of my games won't let me play because they can't access it either... It also freezes my phone and goes unbelievably slow... Its painful.. And finally it completely eats my battery annoyingly shooting between fb and messenger which also freezes my phone.. Sort it out asap please its been ages since it ran smoothly..
No news feed sorting....cant sort between top and most recent...
Love it
it won't let me upload video's broke 3 cell phones
One of the two reasons I kept this app on my phone was to be able to recieve/send messages when I'm not at home. Now that I can no longer do so, I'm not using the app as much. I don't need two memory-hogging applications to do what one did perfectly well. Not to mention that I don't need a messaging app.
Gossip and get to see your friends and family members
Love it:)
Excellent
The new Fb just plain sux videos do not play my whole phone just shuts down and on top of all that now I have to "not an option" download the messenger app too Fb already takes up enough space as it is now I have to have messenger no thanks
Since the new update it crashes and freezes?
Great
I like this this is too much faster than older app. And how we can set news feed as most recent from top stories.
Lovey
I don't like news feeds comments any longer. When I get a reply I have to search for a long time to locate someone's reply. Even though I'm notified how long ago the reply was made. The reply is as far back as my comment may have been.  There has got to be a quicker way locate replies.   I also don't like the new events, I can only find friends birthdays ir events I can no longer find local events.
It's ateing my phone memory. ..
Slows the phone down
Luv it
Facebook has completely changed . I'm not that interested anymore . since when , do I have to download another app to read my msgs on FACE BOOK APP ?!! This s*** sucks 
New update sucks
Good
Still need to fix abit
Nice but not easily updated
Better
Apply and now taking even more limited application storage
Goes down too much. Usually right in the middle of something interesting. Very annoying. Other than that it's ok not great
Bodo la u
Crashes few times per day and even freezes the phone; drains the battery quickly; for groups there is no option to ban members; the search is always a problem; the messenger app is something I really didn't need.
I hate that it can access everything on the device, why does it need to?
Lots of crashes and freezes now since 2 updates ago. Hard to even use the app now at all.
Its trash
Good
Like
I like it..
It eats my data ! It freezes my phone the app needs serious improvement!
very good social communication
Why do you so many permissions and can't access my message's without messenger? ????  With all them permissions don't think so!!!!!
I luv it
I hate it

I now agree I don't like or want messenger! It's ruining Facebook!
N.C
I love Facebook, so keep updating on it :-)
Great
Is ok. Newest update freezes though. Isn't working right
Love the app it
Doesn't work after update on Sony Xperia E1
Bad

Hate the need of the messenger app!
I hate the messenger app! I don't want it but now I can't communicate with my fb friends!
TeeHee
Love this app. ...best to communicate with friends and family
,but its hard to use.
Love it i keep in connection with family and friends
Thnx fr amazing app...
Doesn't send me SMS codes, nd stubborn as hell.
It shuts down all the time and keep screwing up my phone I'm ready to uninstall it
I
It spies stole my passwords stole photos and secretly uses facial recognition . Extorted to see my family and friends.
Error loading news feed :/
Love it!!!
Amazing !!!
Videos don't load or pause itself every 5 seconds.  My news feed doesn't always update.
Works
GET RID OF THAT DAM MESSAGE APP MAN!!!
I would give it zero stars if possible with the new update. You suck Facebook.
Messenger is a horribly intrusive piece of junk and (particularly after the most recent update) you're flattening my battery more than ever!
Love it
On iOS, they can comment using pix. Why can't our android FB app do the same? Depressing.
Ok why have a second app when the MESSENGER IS ALREADY THERE?!
n
Invasive
Lots of video bugs in this version
Now its slower than ever! S2 Plus... fix this asap!
I just don't like it anymore 
I've cleared the data and reinstalled it but all I get is setting up Facebook and never goes away????? I guess the app is useless now??
Its great
Navigation is hard so for now 3 stars
I love all face book
Kool
As ok
CAN WE GDT OLD VERSION
I do NOT like STRANGE Facebook contacts calling ME!!! I FEEL VIOLATED! I UNinstalled it!!! I feel UNsafe!!!
Consumes a massive amount (>100MB) of phone memory on my Sony xperia and cant be moved to internal storage or sd card, resulting in endless storage space running out messages.
Messenger is out and it eats the battery a lot faster......
Wonderful.....
:)
Facebook apps are terrible. Waste data and battery life and intrude on privacy.
You should be more specific with security stuff
;-))
just nice
there should be 1 app for both msgr n the original fb app..
I had this app for more than 1 year it been good
musuh aku itu "Bodoh"
Good
Hate new Facebook
It's make world together . but it's very slow in our country.
I uninstalled it and now it will not install
Play store
Messenger sucks
This is an Awesome app for Facebook
Nice :-) :-)
Good
Loading slowely sometime.
does its job, seems to work fine now but after all the previous problems I've had with the app I will never rate it highly
its cool
The app is way too intrusive and requires messenger
But to use this
The best!!!
low
I Like Facebook

Mia. Travis.
ammazingly updated...it is good..but i use it more than 7. hours a day..it sucks my mind
Social network
How do you mess this up?  Messengers is something that no one wants. Go back to the way people like it where you could operate in app.
Facebook
Very cool
Supppppper
im happy wt this apps...
One
I'm a new comer to Facebook and its easy to use
I dont like Facebook that much any more, because of messenger.
Jesus christ they know your life
senang mdpt kwn n bgs
So many app permissions and takes up loads of memory but a good way to keep in touch with friends and family
Sorry  I don't  play games.......
Used constantly. Phone updated and deleted the app. Now it says incompatible update when i reinstall.
So now you HAVE TO download the Facebook Messenger App if u want to send someone a message or read to one?!!! And timeline is so messed up. Improve it for good, not for worse!
easy to find friends and love ones
Stop updates
Hi
It close down alot
I need the Facebook app because the web version is horrible, despite the fact that it actually works. But the app just will not be friends with my old phone. The app freezes and crashes and stops so much, too much.
Okay I have only been a meh user of facebook for a couple of years now which from the start I would have only given a 3* anyway however forcing people to download messanger n what not it just aint right the whole point of phone apps is to have what u like I used to have messanger when I had my old phone but now I didnt need nor did I want it again but now just to keep in contact with friends n family I have to use additional space just to do so. I would rather have skype I will not update until u change it
Honestly speaking this is supposed to be good coz you get connected to your loved ones abroad for free. The problem is, it becomes so commercially centered that the people behind Facebook cares nothing but how to make money! They forgotten that the people sometimes need a little bit of privacy.  We understood that you need the ads to survive but you are going to our personal info that you have access to almost anything that we have on our cellphones.  Is money all that matters to you people?
I don't like that you cannot choose the privacy settings
Bengali language is malfunction. So, for that it's great problem.
Would give it a 5 star but everything is running slow and cant see pics
Hate the fact that the people at Facebook decide what is seen and unseen on your own timeline. Do not like the fact that any comments or likes automatically bumps that post to the top of your timeline.
As simple as the subject of this review. I wasn't liking how the Messenger app is a requirement now to send messages and have a lot of permissions to privacy not needed. I, and many others I'm sure, prefer the Messenger app separately running from the Facebook app. Don't be selfish with it now.
Da pra fofocar bastante
Shahzad Tahir
I used to LOVE my fb app as it was SIMPLE and CONVENIENT... Now I hate it and won't download it ever again! I shouldn't have to download a separate app to message someone or search for friends and pages to see posts! And lets not get started on showing me posts from a week ago and not letting me see what's going on NOW even when I turn my feed to most recent... Facebook has gone downhill fast and I'm out!
I hate that I have to get the messenger app.
Vans
Takes up too much space...pity it goes this way.
Timeline still shows old messages,  but its better now, plus I love the messenger app
Nice
Great
I have had Facebook for many years and I am extremely annoyed with the fact that I can't sync my contacts anymore. The app is always giving me problems and I refuse to download the messenger app.
Please let someone else try their hand at making this app better. Why can't we just view most recent instead of something from 2 days ago?
Excellent
I am experiencing a lot of crashes right now and too many updates. You don't need any of my personal info either
Don't get me wrong I still use this app because it gives me quick access to my Facebook account, but I don't like it. Only because of the many times I have to report a bug on starting up the app and what is the point of notifying me that I have private messages if I can't read them unless I use another app? Get some common sense Facebook I want to quickly access and READ my messages from one app.
Freaking Sucks
Hiding Recent Stories is a big play for advertising.  Really sucks.  Using web view now. --1
Allow me to connect with a lot of friends
I tried everything and I can not watch videos or clips it's a unknown error message that keep popping up!!!!
Love
App still shows notifications for messages even though the feature has been removed. It's annoying to see notifications you can't even read. Better off using FB on browser
Good one
The 8/28 update is a vast improvement over the last one.  Slow down on your releases, please, and proof your updates better!  If you will quit harassing me about signing up for your separate messenger service, I'll give you five stars.  I don't have room in my Android for another program and I already have adequate messaging services.  STOP IT!
Privacy please!?!?!?!!
Good stuff
Works great. Updates alot tho
Need a new update :@ !!!
Very good
Too slow.....
Exl.
facebook chenj this masenger old masenger is best
For an older version
Stupid it's taking 4 ever to download
I dont like this type...messenger's cool anyway
Luvly
Can't log in with old or new password can I get some help
Sony Xperia Z2
when I click the button to disable notifications on a post, it doesn't work. BTW you can delete messenger and it won't force you to re download it
Good
Super

love
Lov  in
Frezze ramdomly while reading news  updates
Nice
Amazing need to fix some  bugs but ya
I really wish I could put my groups into folders. Is this something new you could work on? Would be greatly appreciated!!!! Thanks!!!!
I find FB to be somewhat unsocial.  The maturity of most is limited at best.  Who cares where everybody is and what they are doing and why.  I have a life I need not live through others.  Some opinions are informative and some are quite funny.
Won't let me "like" anything. Really annoying.
Nice app
Lov it
Good
Very fast working
Still incompatible update error......that really SUCKS.....!!!!!!!
It won't let me see the video on Facebook and when I text too
I like it
Kool
Just wanted to update my rating It's SUPER BULLSHIT!!!!!
Suck
Takes up too much room on phone, need messenger application. Seriously thinking of deleting fb. All together!!!
(y)
Nice
Thanks.
Awesome
I hateeee it!!!! Just because I have to download the messanger app
Its fun because you interact with your friends on Facebook MAY GOD BLESS YOU
I will NOT give you permission to my private life heck no
it is cool
Awesome
Facebook
I got a new phone and it works with everything even Facebook for the first week. Now I can't even check the news feed without it kicking me out of the app. WTF
Fail
Invades privacy, wants extra apps for basic functions
Great information
I cant able to see any ones profile pic
Why did I have to install it twice
Great like it.
Update ruined Facebook you have to download messenger in order to text someone  its running slower and doesn't respond at all its just gonna make your phone over heat and soon your phone will break
I Love Facebook ...
Wonderful
Wonderful! It just gets better and better. Good thinking, Good product!
Simple marvelously
New update isn't showing my location.
luv it....but its very sl0w to download it takes a l0ng tym.
Worst app ever!
Increadibel apps
Love it
Permit  must be revised.
Best for keeping in touch with people.
This app is ok, still needs alot of improvements it force closes too many times.
Nice app ! ... user frindly :)
Because of update it becomes slow..... Admin need to solve this problem.
Its not working why plz fix it soon plz
hiiiiii
Have problem like connecting to network m installing it again let c what happens
Why do you need to know all my information?
Lvly book
I can't able to send friend request from my facebook mobile application, every time its says ..u have tried it so often please login again and its log out automatically. This is happening from last one month . Please sort out this problem soon. ..otherwise application is good.
Nuff said.
You need to make so u can put it on sd. It is to much mb

It seldom crashes or not responding
But I sugesst improve notification
Samsung Galaxy S
Hmm nice
Facebook
Osm
No mattwr what it shows popular over recently posted. Facebook is terrible.
Facebook not working after update plz fix it soon
Samsung Galaxy S
Don't like that when you download it, it says it takes 20.14MB, but then it actually takes up 67MB.
Every time new update; whats new = new design? Wth! I see the same old design with 0% change!
Facebook
Don't like the fact that they wanna have access to almost every thing. And of course the fact that its necessary to have messenger WTF
Nice, dope and awesome
Bring it ......
Facebook mobile sux forcing everyone to go messenger.... fk messenger I have to uninstall n reinstall jus to send a message now... if this keeps up I'm done with fb I'll jus go on my pc.... also fb is for the police/ govt to be all in your fkn business wanting too much access in your petsonals. Contact info, call logs, pics n videos, emails etc... I think I'm done on mobile....
Plzzz Download
Its cool
Nice
Good
Never shows newest post first will show stories from 2/4 days ago then all the sudden a new story then another from 1 day ago. Not good. Thinking about deleting app and only using computer for fb.
I don't like to install messenger as separate app.. Just how large both facebook and messenger app size
uzas katastrofa conectione lost i tako stalno!
Great app literally hundreds times better than the original one online
Its good
Good app
Crashy & Slow
Crashes all the time, it was much better before the update . Also the news feeds are the worst ever.
Trying to install because of uninstall to fix problem and now it won't download and says network error.
Its really nice
Within the last few days I have not been able to play the videos over my data network. It was working fine. What happened?
Some what better
At least make it where you can move it to the SD
S'ok
Its the best
The app is using too much ram and why is the app closing with out u closing it and logging me out. Can you fix it please and please when will this be done
The app works great now.
Very good apps
Think everyone should read this apps permissions before downloading, it can take pictures/videos without you knowing as well as loads of other things like getting your information from every other app you have on your phone and being able to see your exact location, don't install and if you already have then uninstall now.
I love it.  I get to meet people all around tha world and talk to my friends.
Mahess
Ok I love face book but God I'm so tired of having to delete things so I can install the new updates all the time! They are so huge!
Please return it to the previous layout/settings. Uses up too much space and really disappoints me :(
goooooood
Good
Hhhhhh
Facebook
Every since this message thing facebook sucks now
Great app
You have got me f***ed up if you think you can have permission to view all my texts and calls and then make me download some bs app just to  message people or even see them. Facebook if for lurking on others not for you to lurk on us
Need more privacy options to control wall
Apps
Great way to reach out to family members that live out of state. 
I like  face book
Honestly speaking this is supposed to be good coz you get connected to your loved ones abroad for free. The problem is, it becomes so commercially centered that the people behind Facebook cares nothing but how to make money! They forgotten that the people sometimes need a little bit of privacy.  We understood that you need the ads to survive but you are going to our personal info that you have access to almost anything that we have on our cellphones.  Is money all that matters to you people?
It needs an update. It's boring. Plus you shouldn't have to have the messanger app.
Since people have lost the ability to talk to each other, this, unfortunately is the only way to communicate with some people some. Welcome to the dumbing down of society.
A pop up comes again and again that facebook is not responding.. Wtf.. I didn't even ask it to respond.. Model : HTC One V Android version : 4.0.3
Awesome
While scrolling through news feed, fb logs out suddenly and shuts down :s
Really good app
jus hate it
You must reconnect msgs with fb app .. My cpu can't hold any more apps.
Please Add Video Download Option
Easy to communicates family and friends...
Ilove it
I really enjoy this app. It helps me keep up with my Family Which is spread from the East Coast to the West Coast and many in-between.
Addicting
makhosiey magatsheni ndlovu
I cant DL ... error 498...
As it was takin too much spaxe I deleted it and now tryi g to reinstall it but I cant. Simply hate it now as there is no privacy left. Not even ypur mobile data is safe now =@
Great just great
Far to big for what it does slows down phone and hammers Mobile data. Have not been a fan of recent Facebook updates and this is no better. Will stop using Facebook when i get back from holiday
It's facebook. What can I say?
Excellent app
....
Not Bad...
Nice software...i like it.....
Don't like that I was forced to download an extra app on my phone just to read fb messages.
Don't know who to blame, maybe my server I don't know, take me quite a while to open,  always let me know fb not responding
It's very accurate
I like it
I liked it
I like it but  i dnt know with my fb  and what wrong ,if i open my fb still  "unfortunately has been stopped " => sad :(  because  i cnt see my fb longer  help me please...
Stop complaining about problems that have nothing to do with the app, people! Facebook is successfully and properly converted to Android with this app, well done
I didn't like how I had to use messager.
Good
My facebook is 127MB wtf its too big for an app
It does not work in my sony experia e1
Go go
I love facebook...but the apps on my phone constantly force close!! And the facebook updates suck! I really think that Facebook users should not be able to share my photos or statuses or save my photos! And the stupid messenger app should Not be and I mean NOT BE MANDATORY. I don't want messages unless I'm on fb!!! Might just delete my Facebook all together if I can only get messages in messenger n not on my Facebook app.

Keeps saying incompatible. Load of rubbish.
I love this app because it's really awesome :)
WOW, FACEBOOK REALLY kicked me off, cause I was talking about OUR GOV'T!!! I Served OUR Nation& Retired NAVY Seabee. But yet,I DON'T GET my 1st Amendment Right of Speech? REALLY? What's this Country coming TOO? Y'ALL Americans better WAKE UP FAST. CAUSE WE'RE LOSING ALL OUR RIGHTS!!! I bet they'll EVEN take this off, CAUSE of what I SAID...

Great app just which I could copy texts from people's posts
Freezes up and loses network connectivity often.
Excellent

Y
Takes hours to install
KEEPS FREEZING AND CRASHING. TAKES UP ENTIRELY TOO MUCH SPACE. WHY ARE THE MESSAGES BEING MOVED TO MESSENGER? ITS LIKE YOU GUYS ARE FORCING US TO DOWNLOAD ANOTHER APP JUST TO SEE MESSAGES. WHATS NEXT? SMH.
Nice
why always have to update ..? always very ..
Moves slow and i don't get all my notifications
Good
Love ittt!!!!!
Good 5 star
How nice app i like
Very good app
Great app!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Nice
The apps aren't being invasive. Facebook has no control over how the permissions are written or displayed, either. Google has all control over Android market and permissions. It sounds cryptic because Google doesn't realize how much more people would understand things if the permissions appeared upon attempting to use something that needs access to it, rather than all permissions appearing prior to downloading.
Enjoy it
Why cant I open Embedded/Uploaded videos, in Facebook on my Micromax Canvas 4 A210 cell phone?
Total invasion of privacy!! Read and analyze ALL THE PERMISSION IT NEEDS!
So beautiful.
It keeps crashing, You have to have two apps just to message someone which is bs. It's so slow and half the time doesn't let me see videos. I'm just about done with it and getting ready to delete it.
Since the new update you cannot get the newest update first or even get them at all.
Needs alot of fixing  app sometimes  doesnt load my news feed ! But its pretty nice other than that
K
Good
posting your comment about your day is good to read something ads and other things are good also!
Boot app
Facebook in my phone crashes every now and then and sometimes it doesnt open, also.
Too many ads. Why do I need  another messaging app. And if I install your messaging app why do you need control to everything on my phone.
But Id wish they wouldn't KEEP YOU on the internet EVEN AFTER u logged off..ie: the msgs n texts n friend requests..U FACEBOOK might make MILLIONS, but WE DON'T!!!! Oh n bfore u go there..I've TRIED to change the settings with no luck..still getting them so...stop it!!! Now!!! Please?!?!?

Very good
Great
Island awesome
My favorite place for gossip.. lol
Love everything about it
Can't stand how slow it runs and forcing me into messager puts the icing on the cake!
For older version of messenger
Good to have and. Your phone
Beautiful
You updated without my permission.....now facebook forces close about every 5 min....have to go thru internet instead of app if i want to be able to stay on....making my whole phone run slow....VERY UNHAPPY!! Please fix
Dhuesgklo
Facebook
give us  back our message feature get rid of your bs messenger app. and quit making chamges that are unnecasry. oh and get rid of the stupid hashtags if i cpuld rate you lower than a 1 i would.
Lakimulla76372580
New fb lousy everytime i.go.tp.a video ot cuts me off
I like it
latest update agsin stopped playing videos!!
Siddhant
I really think the new updates should be optimized for at little low end devices...  the older versions run so smoothly on my mobile but new one's Lagg!
Excellent
Good
Good I like
But i would b glad if there was an option  of copy pasting frm the app directly. Plz do the needful if possible
cool
Very nice
I m an addict.
Talk and see the As well,gotta love it.
Please fix the facebook app is not responding message abt every 2 mins keeps saying force close everytime i try to open takes for ever to even try to load fusterating i refuse to alow acess to my phine only use it because less risk of vorus but i refuse to download messanger
I hate messenger! Waste of my phone space! Also stop spying on me, I don't even listen to ads or buy things that ads say to me to buy.
Amazing
Its gud
I dont want to install the messanger app... Not gonna use it now
I'm not happy with Facebook at all! I've been hacked into twice. I tried to contact to figure out what to do about this and your computer answers just don't help.
Works well for what it is but at this point in the game it should be a lot faster and have 0 slow down. I know its not my phone.. Cmon Facebook!
So good.
good for public user
Great! Would be excellent if I could access my Are you smarter than a 5th grader game on it. The mobile version of that game is not available for my country. It's a wonderful app anyway. Those who may be having problem with this app not doing what it has promised, it could be your brand of mobile. Would have given a 5, but I don't like the new messenger, and I am not downloading it.
Why since the update is it that it never loads the newsfeed
Locks up within 10 secs of starting it, every time. U should have stuck w what worked.
Great
Connecting people
It's a great app overall, however, once you install the messenger app onto your phone it won't let you look at facebook. Only will let you see messages. Please fix this glitch/bug. Otherwise great app.
Always "waiting for network"  chat wont work
Lib n max
Seriously fix the videos! This is so annoying!!
Jhangeer khan

Noman
I have never had so many force closes in my life!!! Fix this!!!
Com
Good
Freezes a lot!
very poor  without message
It takes up WAYYY too much memory, then you can't transfer it to your SD card. BS. Total BS. , >_<
You have improved a lot the navigation  speed and its so easier to watch photos. Anyway I keep saying the same thing I DONT RECEIVE THE NOTIFICATIONS!!! I just receive a notification when someone invites me to an event but not when someone click like on my status or when someone tags me or comments on my pictures. Now I receive double notifications!  . This is a basic feature I cant believe you have no control on this. Seeing notifications only after open the app? You got to learn from whatsapp developers.
Taleah
J
Good fast i like
Bad
It more efficient on ma side
Not working comport...
To many problems too name!!
For an older version
It takes up to much space ....n if I go through the web I cant post no status .... I cant get no messages witout the messenger app....this needs to b fixd ....like asap
Realy?
Like
I love Facebook
nice
Update is crap my Facebook force closes 4 times before I can finally get in, and as for the messenger its worse most times it doesn't open and when it finally does it closes itself when I'm in the middle of writing, come on fb
5ra
A
Good
I like it
Ashok
That's updates sucks
Keeps going back to home screen, while playing games, scrolling facebook, whatever , load of crap/ nobody can even uninstall updates, soil re useless, just keeps getting worse / wow/ good going / why would anyone even want facebook
Great
this app is very helpful for connect a friends
So  many permissions for so simple app. 1 star and uninstall.
Loved it
yea I'm constantly getting cut off.
Facebook
I cant even get it to downliad on new,phone and when I did have it downloaded it force closed so much I stopped using it, good bye facebook
Its very good
Invading privacy
Nice
Qatar
The app has always been very buggy
I AM NOT GIVING YOU PERMISSION TO ACCESS EVERYTHING ON MY PHONE!!!!!
I have to uninstall and then reinstall it after it freezes because it wont let me access anything!!! Fix the problem Facebook!!!
Keep
Going to rate this a 1 every time until that is no longer the default. Not to mention the stupid messenger you have to get separately!
Pereyra
Good
Takes to long to go from one page to the next said there was problem and takes to long to watch a vidio always frezzing up so not on it much I started up dating at 9:30 this morning and its 3:15 now and its still not done WTF,,,,,,,
Best
Its a great app
It's best to friends and we r friend talk in Facebook I was think it's best love it <3 <3
There is a setting when you post stuff on pc and iPhones that you can include everyone "except". You need to put this on the android version. With the depth of android apps, I would've assumed this would've already been done.
B
Long distance make's small
Excellent
Ranglal panika
I have problem installing this app
Bbbbb
Superb app
Nice
This thing is draining my battery out
Joey lowden.
I updated it.. But now it can't change the news feed setting.. Uninstal it.. Goodbye..
I whould give it none but I cant it takes up to much space runs down my battery and then it forced me to download messenger and btw messenger is retarded it posts pics I don't want to be posts really fix it omg!!!!!!!!
It little better but need improve as new post upgrade new not old news post from yesterday or days ago please fix and where is setting on there feed news on it none on computer not phone have ok but not computer none! It should same as with phone and computer same not confused others different ok
Love it
Pdm
I sooo love it. Like this comment f U like :)
but gets the job done - most times.
Its awesome I love socializing!
It is very easy use
Devante Jones
I am so happy
I love it
Forcing people to download your stupid messenger app is not cool.
Improved!!!
I want to change my username(Vanity URL) again...its very disturbing when you have done spelling mistakes or random....fix this issue by enabling the users to change their username frequently for as many times as they want to.
Greeaaattt
And without the ridiculous extra need for rights please.
Quite good
This version is very badd  unforunity
Pretty Good.
Just why are you doing this I had Facebook when it first came out and it was beautiful now you're just taking info that'd private and worrying more about trying to make it "better" when there was absolutely nothing wrong with it to begin with. All I have to say Is ya done f!@#$& up Mark ya done f!@#$& up real bad. Your mom would be disappointed in you and your not worth the gum stuck on the back of my shoe. P.S. those people that rate 5 stars with no face or description are just payed to give a good rating
Bad
I'm not able to see my notifications, and comments on posts. Please fix!!
Locks up my phone as soon as I log in. My phone has nothing in it out what the phone came with it. No pics or anything. I did a full factory reset and it still locks up my phone.  I have to use a generic version of fb. It sucks cause it has ads ang I right as well go on chrome and go to fb. And having to download the messenger app is ridiculous.
it take space too much! :(
Awwwwwsommmmmmmme
This app is good...
Wow, what a innovation this is?
When ever I open the fb application its shows unfortunately process android.process acore stopped working try later kindly fix
This application is so fast and good...
Very good Bertie
Love fb.
At least allow reading incoming messages, even if you require messenger to respond. I hate that the notifications bar shows part of incoming messages, meaning the app has downloaded the message but still refuses to let me see it unless I obey and install Messenger.
Messenger SUCKS! waste of memory and time.
Sanjay chaudhar
Nice
Mrs
<3333
Orangutan
Facebook really open the new meaning of relationship
The messenger app should be optional! It is pointless and waste of time!
I like it
Good
Sucks
Nice
Good app
Decoin
For anyone that doesn't have Facebook, you should get it. It's a great way to socialize with friends and family.
Video hd pls.
Thanks
Crap because I updated my experia and it wiped off the app so I tried to reinstall it and it won't, so all in all it is a big bag of pants
Facebook is very useful SNS nd they should be a good app from browsing nd connecting to frnd's nd. Others.......
Way too many unnecessary permissions, too much room needed for it & now more room for messenger app-ridiculous, will be removing it from my phone & using the browser in future!  Scarey how Facebook wants so much control in my opinion!!!
Good
Aight
This sucks it won't even open
NOT thrilled that I had to download messenger app. If I wanted it I would have had it already! It also locks up and freezes other apps on my phone if someone is messaging me at the same time. Get rid of this requirement. I don't know anyone who is happy with it.
I love the children
Very boring..
Liam Solomon
It wont let me download it on virgin mobile Samsung galaxy ring!
Problem with my new feeds cant updates i don't know why ???
Great app, can access most of the Facebook site with full functionality with no problems.
Better since last update.
Good and best
Excellent
I can't install on xperia e1 kitkat,,, what's wrong?? Please fix it.....
It's cool
App should support messages!
Bcoz i have it
I like
I hate Facebook app so much it really bad it keeps log me out sort it out
Exellent speed
Awesome apps
I like it.
App is way too memory intensive. And this whole messenger crap is... well... crap
Nice
The Facebook App doesn't allow me to open my message before I installed Messenger but after I installed Messenger, it wouldn't work

k
Is the best ever
Love it
Update is awesome
Its a great apps I like it  amazing apps use and give share our experience
I cnt even download it...so many bugs and force closing...disastrous!!!!
Samsung very nice h...s
Super
I Uninstal facebook app because is like a virus for my phone. Update this app once and for all because it's just a crap right now!!!!
Needs to stop forcing us to download Facebook messenger
Either FB or Messenger App. Messed Up My Cell Phone. Turning On My Cell Forces It To Shut Off and Restart. Ay Times I Have to Pull Out My Battery. Ugh! Annoyed.
Good
Fb
Privacy problems download at your own risk
I loved it..!
Don't want the messenger I hate it
Osam...
Type
I loved it
Very good app
Dev team team is stepping up their game. this app is getting better and better almost every update kudos to them.keep up the good work.
Hey
You should add back the messenger functionality in this app.
Hi UV FBI such TCU TCU FBI to TCU TCU

nepal
Very good
Waoh amazing
STILL GETTING BIGGER AND BIGGER IN FILE SIZE! Can't even update it anymore because I no longer have enough space on my device!
Cool
Very good thanks
Hate having to use feeds to view most recent stories. And now I have to download second app to view messages. Sometimes not sure why I keep this app

I am slowly being forced to delete all other apps on my phone to make room everytime Facebook updates. It crashes frequently.
<3
I enjoy it very much keeps me in touch with my friends
Its better
Its ok wish messages on here work so you didn't have to download messenger application
Osm appp......
It sucked after the last update. Not working.
It sucks we HAVE to download a whole separate app for messages
Facebook app not able to view the news wall or messages.  I've deleted Facebook twice. Then check Facebook through an email.
Sooooo
But,,, it is need to have a messenger, because of messenger,,, my phone become slow,, and i like the pop up notifi. But, its late and sometimes its not working,,, ill give u 5 star if w/out messenger can use call and chat,
Its really good.
Same as notebook. Easy to use.
Bookstore
I hate Facebook messenger
It is cool
Great to chat and easy  to work. Share what's going on in your life. However it takes up too much space on my phone!
After the last update the app has got better!
awesoomee
Bobby
Every time I go watch a video my LG OTIMUS 5 doesn't load the video and slows the whole phome down. Minds you I have WiFi plus3g and full bats it shouldn't do this
Naes
Good app
Times it keeps closing up on me fix please & thanks
This app is taking up way too much space on my phone and I can't move it to the external memory, either. It doesn't always show recent posts and some notifications don't go away or even show up a lot. The app randomly crashes, as well. Keep the option for messaging within the app available
I don't need, nor want to have Facebook messenger..  Don't force me to have bloat on my device, you can rot alone in the messenger.. I'm just gonna be here uninstalling this app that no longer does what it needs to..
Not liking the new updates, they should give you an option to get the messenger or not.  And now the recent update keeps freezing my phone, every time I open fb it freezes and I can't do anything!
I don't like the fact that you have to download the messenger app , if I don't want it I shouldn't have to download it .
One of the best
News feed full of old posts, app keep closing, Auto update on its own, can't check inboxes without messenger, takes up too much space, invades privacy.... I hate everything you changed!!!!!
Muzafar
Super
Dont like timeline layout should most recent shown and swipe to see other feed
Nice .. Need to  Fix some bug
No massanger
Ok
It is a good app
Stop unexpectedly
Uninstalled as the mobile Web version has more features ( messaging is included)
Loved it
I jst luved this app we can find out our schoolmates frndz via this appz
I like it
Y require messenger but nyc
Best apps
can i help. you
Good
Military not 2
Great way to stay in touch with friends and family
Take to much space in my phone fix it or i unistalled
Very good
Love it
Good
Facebook
Bad aps.... lag
Latest post I can see is 1 day ago! App really sucks!
Great
My phone, like many phones, came with Facebook already installed. It takes up way too much space, more space than any other app I have (about 65 MB), and now I can't even use messanger, because that's its own oversized app.
Just okay
Ajay Rehpande
Awesome
This is the best app to stay conect with your family,friends and all.... Best app every... loved it very much
Time wasting on that
Uninstalled the app after it froze and wouldn't unfreeze, now it won't let me download it again.........worst app ever!
used most of internal memory, I had to uninstall it! the previous version was better
Ha mejoraado pero no me gusta que tengo que descargar messenger
12345
Play store always notifying me for an update to this fb, when nothing seems has change.
I don't like it because of messenger! I dont want messenger!
Mast
Not being able to send messages without the messenger app is irritating. It wasn't like that before, what happened; was the change a money move?
Without Facebook life is impossible
Four n older
I love it
Why its mandatory to install messenger now ?
This is one way too keep in touch with friends.
Fast,Secured and reliable app...
Very slow, hangs a lot..previous versions were very good

Love it
Wow
it's ok I guess. I mean it has some flaws but it's alright. I still like the pc version better though.
Excellent tool for communication. Making new friends, found old friends and family relations. Right click option for copying photos should be off. Also more options to defend tagging should be included.
Good
Platform - sony xperia ultra z.  Video freezes during playback.  Please fix asap
Please please add birthday remainder
Great app
1123709
Have to intall apps to chat, &i dislike that
Hate how even when I uninstalled all my apps it still keeps saying "insufficient storage available". What the hell?!
Good
Totally disappointed
Yes.. medium fast app.
This app is gay I hate it
WTH! 2014, still can't play HD Video. T.T
Nice
Good.. Can be better
U need 2 now dwnld messanger to message anyone. Earlier version was in terms of design also.
Farmer
Still can't watch videos, force closes every time once I open it to full screen.
Hate that you have to download it
Nice
Loved it it serves better than other versions the best app!!
Very very good
Great
Very good
HTC one of
Love it
Can't live without it
Love it
Not excellent
This update is bullshit
My favourite all the time
Magnificent
Went to get a phone issue worked on at store and agent updated all the apps I hadn't updated (for good reason) without my permission - FB being one of them. I didn't accept some of the permissions that FB was asking for - invasion of privacy. It constantly turns itself on and runs in the background - real memory hog and battery drain. The version I had was tolerable but from experience knew it could be much worse. I was right! So bad I haven't used it on my phone since then!
Very bad
Yesterday's sudden update has a serious glitch. My Samsung Galaxy 3 hiccups and fb does not open properly. Argh!!!!!!!
100%
Best
it is good
Why do u need access to our camera, photos, videos, contacts etc etc? And u want permission to send emails, look through our confidential information, to remove or alter stuff on our sd cards and the list goes on, I've deleted your crappy app as it's one big scam and I will never download it again until u remove access/permission requests!!! Anyone thinking of downloading this app please read through carefully what they are asking to have access to. Avoid like the plague!
Abid
Admin. Clerk
Nice apps
I can't watch any video on Facebook with my Xperia TX since I've updated the app days ago!!!!
Amazing!
Good
Nice
Thanks for bringing back the old Facebook with the built in messenger service, good you guys take feedback from millions of voices!
Awesome
Shrutu
Love this app
Facebook
Forces me to download the messenger app, I neither like it nor want it, until you give me the freedom to choose I won't rate better.
So tired of this error I've had it with the last couple of updates even with wifi! Sad just sad...
It is better than twitter but it takes more space because of FB messenger and everybody hates that
Kuck nhi
Wat the hell guys the last 4 to 5 updates hav the same " Whats New"  nothing has changes but a bug has appeared...... After the playing of a video the color gets a very high contrast and a dull look appears..
Babarhussain2014@gmail
I love Fb a lot
Great app to communicate all .
iyi
Other than the size of the app, no problems
It seems Nice and good
Nice way to make friends I like it.
Good
Cool Cool
I like facebook
No privacy
I don't like that Msgr needs to be downloaded.
Hy plz chng this aap prb like previous bcoz I cnt use facebook without messenger wht is tht prblm man ..plz fix this issue.thnks
Ok ok not so good
After recent update some pages don't load and the app closes. Using NookHD+                                    Oh and get rid of messenger.
Dharmendra merces dcosta
Can't view videos anymore in the app. Fix this...LG G3
To desceibe yoy & to reach your near & dear .
Nice and easy so users are busy.
If I wanted another app for Facebook I would have installed it. Forcing me to use it only results in anger. If I needed enhanced messaging features, I use a real IM.
Love it
Why has the "sync contacts" option been removed? Seems with every update, some things get better, at the cost of losing options that were good, had to remove one star. This option was important to me!
NOT working.
I don't like the way I was forced to download the messenger app. Just to receive messages in my in box that's my personal place to talk to my friends. You all have access to everything and its none of your business. Give me access to your personal life you probably wouldn't like it either. They say when something isn't broke don't try to fix it..... so stop it. Allege changes are crazy and don't make sense. ...well I guess it do because you guy's are nosey.
Nice
Please fix, very slow..
Can't look Profile Picture and timeline Oppo Find3 ... Can you edit now please!!!!!!!
The new look and feel is way better than the last version
The permissions that this app requires are far too extensive. It boarders on invasion of privacy. I would very much like to see the Facebook app return to its original permissions. Until then I have this app uninstalled and plan only to use the Facebook website, and would urge others to do the same.

Good job
It was taken out because it will make Facebook work a lot faster on your phone and take up less space. Plus the messenger app is way better on its own than in the Facebook app.
Vry good app
Good app
Good work
.
Still unable to play video. App Stop (crash)every time try to play.
The app itself is fine - well design and all. I just wish Facebook would at least have an option to view all post chronologically instead of them guessing which posts you want to see. It can be really frustrating when your time line decides to rearrange itself as you're looking at it.
Pls bring more of the pc website features to this android app , then i will give 5 stars .
Facebook
Facebook is a terrible company. They are helping to eliminate all privacy in this country. How insane are they to force you to download a messenger app, which has access to all your phone functions without your consent(why do you need camera access?)? You can't even read your messages, and it's not because Facebook doesn't support it(by phone notification shoes partial), it's because they're a bunch of Nazis.
Happy
Ek bar jise Facebook ki lat lag gay wo Facebook me hi pada rehta he
It alright
I hate the new messanger i dont feel i should have to download a whole other app just to chat.... uninstalled an thinkin abt uninstalling fb... went from 4 stars to 1 wish i could select no stars
Very nice
Excellent
So slow!
Awesome
The news feed timeline is out of sync. It keeps telling me I have no internet connection to use the app but when I use Facebook through the web browser is just fine. Asked down my whole phone. I am starting to miss MySpace
But u need he messenger
Shamie
Just love it....
Nice apps
This version of Facebook is a downgrade for me. When I search something on the search box, the search is occurring some issue, which hanging my device.
I can't download it on my phone please fix it
Holy Molly...
This new update does not connect to the network. fb try to work hard on your app
Very good
It is work better , to update propely
Good
Like it but that messenger tho
Yo
Much better
Mohit
joss
Hi
Good one
Nice for use
Messenger should be within the App. :-(
It gets worse with very update. I cant comment in events at all now and most recent updates needs to be the default.
I really hope that all this updates fix all the bugs in the app.  Its really frustrating that even clicking on the " I do not want to see this post " and the post is supposed to be deleted from your wall and dont show again, they just keep showing and showing again and again..  also when you block a person that spears in the list of people that you might know... even after you block them they keep appearing again and again ...  I WILL RECONSIDER MY RATING FROM 1 STAR TO 5 STARS AS SOON AS THE BUGS GET FIXED
Izrail terrorism country
Always not responding.. evrytime i open an image it always stuck on image ang it takes a lots of time before i can use it again..
Simply awesum
Amazing Social Contact...
Awsome update
Like it
So bad >:(
Very good
97724378
I'm sorry but I'm not going to keep an app that needs requirements to my calls and my microphone, it's just not happening
Seronok jugak lah app ni
Nia Butler
Who cares about the top posts, preset should be most recent posts.
Pls stop
I like it
Stupid update
Keeps goin to my home screen and always says facebook mot responding
Ok
Good to have
Works like a charm!
This app is pretty cool
Hey whats up with the whole message app really we have to download that now
Messenger app
I left beta test program as you couldn't (or wouldn't) get the app to work under ART runtime. Tons of complaints from testers, your reply was always switch to Dalvic. So  I went back to the original older version that did work. Now you've just pushed this update that has the same symptoms; sticks on splash screen saying "setting up Facebook" for ever.
:)
Its worst ...video.. Stopping automatically.... While watching...
m lovin it best way to share ur thoughts n now its available for my andriod n its updates r more better.  Sometimes suck but get a new update again..
It can't be upload in my s2. Pls fix it
Goof
Love it! Helps me keep up with friends and family. Very user friendly.
Do not want to be forced to use the new messenger.  Hate it so refuse to use it uninstalled it.
I like it
I love this app, Facebook. It is my routine. But, it takes too much storage in my phone. 104mb can you believe that? Fix this then you'll get your 5 star.
Ok.
I hate this new fb app because you have to download the messenger
1975
O love my facebook
Only thing I hate is constantly telling me friends added pics idgaf
Very slow
Please use caution when installing this app. Permissions required to access your phone records, make calls / send sms, take photos and videos, record audio all to snoop on what you're interested in. Also able to access your storage and add/delete stuff... No thank you! What about all the kids that have Facebook... legally how do they get away with snooping on them?!
It's just getting old in played out time to go to a new website
Without you agreeing, it can access text messages and read them and phone people on your contacts. Many more too, look on settings then apps , click Facebook and go to the bottom x
Cant download because of space. Wish to cut some size to be able for it to be downloaded for everyone.
Good!!!
Alam
What happen to new updates in fb app?I can't saved the photo in message or chat in fb using my android device? Pls.Fix it immediately...
Great
Isme copy paste kyu nh hota...koi b msg
Currently "video auto play-off" is ignored. About half the videos play anyway. Issue is same with friends of mine, so not just my phone. I regularly find News Feed setting switched back to "Top Stories", and security setting changed without my doing. Only use the app if you monitor your settings regularly.
Whenever i try to play a video in the app , the app hangs for 2-3 sec and then crashes . Tried reinstalling but still nothing .If you can't rectify maybe it's time to move onto browser :(
I dont like fb chat app.. I think it was ok in the same fb.. you yave to do something with that
Ad
My Facebook App is Responding!!!
Your messenger app is a joke, you say you "will not post without owners consent" but that just what you did. Posted pics on my brothers behalf that he didn't want posted on Facebook or shared.  Another friend you sent everyone in her contacts a text trying to get them to download a Skype style app.

Consuming too much ram
Good
Facebook
Never give in
I love Facebook but it takes too much room up in my phone and that you have to have the messenger app to talk to anyone
Veri good to Fecbook
it keeps going to my home screen
Good
Even though I am not really about social media, its a means of communication amongst teammates and friends as well as a conduit for information and networking.
Good
i dont know what happen but i cant open my account on myphone but on pc can...
I'm loveing it,......ummmmmmmah
Kiaww
Ssoo gud :)
It won't let me log in keeps going to my homescreen while im in the middle of something fix this please asap
Best  more
Hope it works
The app functions well, very functional. As for Facebook itself....
I cant download this app was really disgusting app ...messenger is best
Very good
Its good cuz i m connected to my friends using my cellphone. But for msgs i need messanger thats not good.
good
Good
some functions are not available which in the website
Okay.
This is an awasome apps! But i cant read the page massage even though i am the page admin.hope this can be improve soon.thank u :)
Connecting people..
Dawulod
I don't want the messenger still I am forced to get the app if I want to read and send messages! Please restore the messages!
I wish I could go back to how the app used to look. With Google's design language and not how it looks now. I HATE HATE HATE how I can't save most recent stories as the default news feed and have to always look at 2-3 day old top stories. Please stop experimenting on us Facebook. Its NOT cool at all!
Its a GUI software
1 bad thing that cheats not show any changes
I'll love it !!
Liked it
Not happy with changes. Keeps freezing
so slow,thrz alota othr prob
Images not loading after recent update
No wotds to say
i love it....
Good
Great stuff
Like it too
Why is it that every time I try to get into Facebook it does a force close on startup. Have to try several times before I can get in
This keeps kickin me off. wont let me log on or anythang. it keeps saying. Application failed
I recently updated this app and now everytime I open it, it immediatly closes itself out. No matter what I do it will not stay open. Also, the notification for facebook messenger in my message area won't go away. I've checked it lots of times and it still shows up. Like they're trying to annoy you until you download their new app.
What's funny is that people rant and moan and they still use the app anyway haha
Facebook's my second home
Ohhhhhhhh
Excellent work
Nice
I can't change the top stories to most recent although I like this new display
Like
Too bad
Refuse to download another app just for my messages
the very best social network..i like this..thanks very much..
:)
I Hm
Really good
Constantly kicks me out, videos dont load, feed is glitchy and messenger heads are slow and unresponsive at times. I miss the old fb :(
Good n fast from previous one
BATTLE
The messages are not getting read because I need a different app for that? Facebook takes up enough room! Other than that, its good!
Thanks!
Good update
I've need Facebook for my phone I'm always out and sometime I just want to stay on face but my computer dies easily so I can bring it so this is perfect!!! :D
Good
awesome
abs
I don't have any issue with latest version as comments by others user. Maybe it's only works with high end Mobile phone.
Its cool
Facebook
Some features not updated...
Worst
Brilliant
nice
Like
N9
Is ok
Bad
Like
It's ok.
Thanx Facebook tean
Hate the update my news feed all the way messed up and I can't even read my messages without that messenger app you'll shouldn't force people to download nonsense really bs
So much less enjoyable. I refuse to download the messenger app....
It sucks, why 2 apps in one ?
This app is great but I can't change the sort from top stories to most recent. Please repair this thing.
Nice
Best
Haters gonna hate but it is still awesome.
Good job ontbeworld
SAbir
Marvelous
Marmalade app but sometime very slow in 2nd network
Useful
Major improvement from when i used it years ago, however when you switch from feed to messages and back the feed reloads to the top and you lose your place please fix and enable just recent feed in settings
We didn't need a separate app to send a private message before. I still don't need a separate app to make phone calls. That's what phones do. Quit reinventing the wheel and answering the question that no one is asking.
Bad
I love this software
goof
I really like this app it never crashes and it is free take my advice because it is really good
super
My Family & Friends
I love it ...... Its a nice social network....
I love it soooooo much.
Prefer the older version Samsung Galaxy mega 6.3

Not happy having to download messenger to read messages. ..
Prem
I love it
Its not playing videos when I'm using my cell internet ...only time I get videos to play is when I'm connected to wifi
Using facebook on android has become much simpler by dis app...best app developers..
Works great
Good
Hmmmmm
I don't like the fact that they have access to personal things
Why do I have to install Messenger App to receive messages?  Messenger is very annoying. All it is doing is taking up important space. I do not send or receive messages often. Please try to find an alternative.  Then will put rating back to 4 stars.
All updates after 6.0 are useless
Facebook aap is best
Not happy about you requiring users to download messenger, and having to agree to ungodly amounts of privacy violations! Get it together facebook, or I may leave altogether!
Seriously I used to love this Facebook App but this recent update has made this App Pathetic to use. The interface earlier was more user friendly but now it is much more complicated. Every time I open a long post after reading it I have to browse all the way down right from the beginning of the page, it's a bloody wastage of time. I dont have unlimited leisure time to do it again. Improve the user interface and the rating will change.
Ok
Cool bt
Not bad but this app size is high
Good
Nice updates.
1. Need copy paste option and 2. I cant see each and every notification...I also reviewed my account settings but everything is fine there....Please fix it.............3. I just chose mobile notifications for messages but I also recieve mobile notifications of my close friends. I am getting.annoyed. fix this now
Force user to used messenger..that is no good.I don't like it.
GOD BLESS U
Nice
I hate the fact that you have to download the messager wtf!
Useful apps for android mobile...
Cool
It takes too much space
Good
Excellent
Keeps stopping every few minutes or won't respond
Oh no . Pahal xpat nangga crita baru .. top story jak
Its simple and easy to use
I love it
Nice app
T
I cant like posts in ma accnt !!!! Weneva i like it... It shows a msg as blocked and reads that"this activity is deemed as abusive or it is disallowed " i dont know why ? Plz fix it ! Overall itz gr8..! Plz helpme..fix it
Such as copying vedios to other devices
Nice app keep it up
Like
Bug fix required!!Using on note 2 cannot update status while selecting "feelin" "doing" etc
It just kicked me off. And the app runs slow. I personally don't care for it. And why is messenger on a different app. What's up with tgat?!
Error loading news feed. And super slow connection after update. Well done peep! Even i got stable and strong internet connection.
I am loving
Too many new updates.... and not fair that we "NEED" messenger app....
Love it
Sebelum update lancar jaya trus pas habis update kok jadi lemot jaya ya??aku pake hp Lg pro lite dual
I don't want to use 2 apps. It should not be mandatory to have messenger installed
So, to stay in contact with friends and family through your app, I basically have to give you permission to access my phone, camera, microphone, and anything else and you don't have to ask for my confirmation when you do?!?!! Yea, that's not likely. Deleted and not using anymore. You can keep your communist app.
Best face book.only for you
Love is here
Astig
and no other option.  POS company!
I just love it
Mr
Its good but run through software some more and fix those small few bugs then I'll give five stars
Its 22+ mbSomething only in Play Store but when I go to Apps, its size becomes 75+ mb . why? Please fix because it keeps my phone hangs. Ty
Way to much info for this app !
very good app.
Now is better than before fast reliable and good app
It's faster and better
Facebook already the largest app in my phone, so why do I have to download messenger?
wonderful
It hangs everytime i open an album of my friends.. pls fixed it
Good
Good application now daysfor peoples
Not bad
New update is cool
I like it
Gud...
Excellent. There is NO alternative of its functional aspects.
I like this
Like it so much
Shashi Prabha
Verry  good
Works much better
Social connection
Delete function on Facebook is a big joke. Deleted data should stay erased!!
Really love it ! <3 <3
Kinchi
I love it...
It is a very good and helpful application
Really amazin
Om
Love being in touch with all my relatives.
what can i say its just the best app
It's too laggy even I formated my phone.
no
Utterly useless.
love this app.
The app is amazing but it consumes a lot of space in my phone. Hope it has 'move to sd card' option in its next update.
They are watching us through these apps taking away our right of privacy and freedom
It works so well though it doesnt av provision 4me 2copy another person's post and paste it 2my desired file while u ar on fb.
Uninstalling.....! poor experience
Cool.:3
Its a great app at times but I hate it when it always have to set up itself half the time.. and I hate even more is when I'm in it...it kicks me out just for it to set up itself again.. please fix
i like it but i dont like it coz we were supposed to use the messenger so were supposed to use it coz we're need it
Good app with the exception of the messenger app. What a mistake! Everything should be streamlined in one app. Bad move Facebook. Changed my review because of this.
Not so goooood bcz takes extra time to log in or out
Today will be uninstalling this and the Facebook app and just using my browser because it annoys me so much to be forced to use the messenger app.
Very fast
nn

Good
I had to decrease my rating for the app because its performance has weakened a bit. I don't like how u keep updating it without really adding any new features, and yet the amount of memory used continues to rise. The least you could do would be to allow the app to be moved to the SD card. And also, this crap about having to install the Messenger app...I HATE it.
Wow it's good
Super
I dont like facebook messenger can u bring the normal chat back on.
Keeps crashing my phone and it also stops suddenly saying force stop the messenger is even worst
Good good. .
I can't watch aploaded videos or movies into my timeline.
Like it
Better improved
Buggy crap
Good
Bring the messenger back to the apps nit as separate apps, weird lol
GooD
Moving the messaging feature to a separate app isn't convenient, it was much simpler to able to post and message from with in the same app.
yah lumayan
Takes More storage space...
its great
But rong use
my memo ~
Facebook app is quite faster and improved now. But the photo chooser for uploading profile picture needs to be a lot better, is there a way I can choose a photo using any other file chooser? No.
It takes long time to open
Can be intrusive.
Crap
I love it..
:-)
Taging problem...  Only 50 people in a status upadates n photos.... PLs improve that site..... the oldest version is the best for tag 100 people at once in photo or status...... Add copy facility for pressing upon any text who like to memorise?  & also add clipboard option.
I will not use a separate app for messaging. I will just not use Facebook messaging anymore. What a stupid and ridiculous idea.
Not bad... j6st keep in mind not to exposed
Fb lovers.... Thank you for this wonderful update...
Awesome!new version is good then old one...:) :D :*
Aacha
Never loads
Setiap insan pasti inginan kasisayang.kasisayang perlu ada pada setiap insan yg bernama manusia
Well social networking site
Siip
Memang bagus ada fb
Ayos kahit matagal
So far
Video automatic playback, compulsory messenger app, huge memory consumption and worst of all it eats up my battery like a super sayajin. Time to get rid of it.
Its awesome App for using facebook.
GOWSALYA
Super speed
Really cool app on the phone !!
Drive after commante
Very very nice apps:")
This app is great but it could look better and show the other half of my timeline picture
Every update increases its memory..please get the messenger.
L
Its free
Now messenger isn't on here, it insists that it refresh my feed every minute, and it freezes and crashes at least daily...
Hargeisa
Super application which connects all our friends
Impt Aaps
Pls removed that and don't force us to downlod that app.!!!!
Cool
This app has greatly improved over time and has become exceptional.
Its contents can be shared with other app s on the set.
PERFECT
Excellent & easy way to reach friends.
Sucks
It works great
This s*** rock
I love it!
Must add copy paste option.in old phones we use to copy status updates of others n paste it where ever we wanted
Most fast is page When i open with browser than with this product
Good
This app has awesome performance.
Pako
Like
As usual facebook always the best
I'm going to have to get used to this version. On my blackberry it was easy. Not sure about how this version is going to come out
Best app ever i love it
Everyone is intrresting
Its alright
Carp carnt like or share stuff from other ppl carnt uninstall it
I like it very much
It says it's not compatable
Fine
Facebook is really selling out. This new update does away with sending and receiving messages, the majority of the reason I even still own a FB account. A quick Google search will reveal all the privacy and security risks the required Messenger app represents. This new change allows FB to record audio, turn on your camera, and sell secure contact info on your phone to third parties without your knowledge or permission. Maybe the Facebook service has only dwindled down to 3 or 4 stars, but this is an insult.
Love it!!
????  ???
It sucks. I can't log out my account.

Killing battery
Can't play videos at all.
90 MB RAM usage just to keep it in the background and background services for downloading ads? F*** off, this is among the worst apps ever.
I don't like being forced to download an app....u should have the option too do so....I will not be doing so....my hubby did and I do not like the fact that it integrates all your contacts and other info with it even when his sync is off!!
Its sad to see how evil facebook has become
Wow It saves our time of opening Facebook on web...
Videos won't play at all!!  Tighten up!
Cute Update c:
I love it
Very fast
It Took A Little Longer To Download Than Usual But Very Good App
Cool app
Nicely
Mast hai ree baba
Addiction
Good feeling
Hate the messenger app...
Its boring ui please change it
Rrrr
Fast, easy, and great for on the go individuals
Nice
Love it
Hope no fb messenger needed this time
Please fix this facebook....i cant tags my friend name when i write their name...please...tq...
why have to download messenger!!!!?
Great
Love it
Fine
Good
It is too large for phone memory.
Get rid of "Top Stories". I never wanted it and now I have to fight to remove it. You're now forcing me to download the "Messenger" app that I don't want either. What a joke! I might just move over the Google+ at least they don't force crap onto my devices. If I could I'd give you 0 stars.
Omg, what happened with fb, I turn off the messener, but its still 'green light' when other people see it, really2 dissapointed
its just like facebook on a laptop and you can do anything on it that you can on the laptop, but I like to see how many friends I have but it dosent tell you, also it dosent always tell you if someone has liked my status or a picture. but other than that its brill!
Its good
bhosad chod jevi app che bc...koini birthday nu notification ave toh eni profile par b nai jatu...paisa kamai gaya etle pati gyu land jeu hat
good
I am not sure you have any questions about the other question
Most bugs have been taken out. Let's be real, an app with this many users is bound to have problems.
Ok ok
What the hell is going on here??my fb app is already 17.0.0.0.5. But this new version is 16. something
Amazing
Great
Set
nice
Why is it mandatory?
00786
Very good
Amazing app
Telugu text is not shwn
New update good :)
Facebook
Vsk
Nice. But There is need for more improvement.
Cool!!!!!I love dis app...thnxx guys
Can't copy paste texts.
Nice
I 
Works great
Good
K
Facebook
Forcing me install another app just to read messages. You lost me as a customer and you're gonna keep losing more.
Hey you retards of the Facebook, when do you allow us to read group posts with most recent first? Anyone who rates this with more than 3 stars is a clueless idiot.
Breadcrumb style is a tad old
I don't like fb massenger app. Why should i download it
And most famous in the world
Its very easy to operate.....
Superb.....
I love you Babe
hrsaharul@yes.my
All of your's updates are same and I don't like because if anybody want to chat w this app then they should need messenger and that cover so much memory
Picture loads too slowly....
Not bad , happy with it :)
cool man....
Thanks you
We need to copy and paste on it and see the other msgs !!
Make it moveable yo sd card. And release a separate app for widgets. In general notion, your app sucks.
Make it better
Why facebook messenger download is mandetory.if i dont want it i dont want it forceful download is decreses the rating
Rehman
I Love it
Nice
Pls add the option to copy the text
Suuuuppp
Gets better and better but always one problem
Became hard to select friend list after 14... Update.
Has to many updates u need to have messenger app which i hate and is far to large on my device memory and app is still no better off for it
Bug is fixed
If i downloaded the facebook its  saying downloaded error
Waste internal memory -_-
Easy to find friends
Very slow... a lot of connection errors... Stop forcing us to download that stupid messenger app...
Nice..........
All the time.. Also keeps growing.. Phone running out of space
Mst
Thanks
B
I dnt like coz u force us to install messenger..which is my phone is to slow..too much ram no more space
i'm addicted to this apps
moving innovation here
I like it
G one
Who doesn't like Facebook
Very good this apps for android. On my galaxy grand 2 works very nice
I can't fully delete the app from my phone. At most I can uninstall the updates and disable it. And on top of that I can't remove it from "my apps"  in the app store. This is ridiculous!
Facebook
This new update Keeps 'force closing' .It takes up a ridiculous amount of memory. Slow. And whhhhhhhy do I have to have messenger (which also takes up too much memory) just to check my inbox. This app used to be fantastic. What happened????
Terlalu besar guna memori
No komen..
Resimi b¨¹y¨¹t¨¹nce HD olmuyor duzelmesi lazim artik
Older version
Motorola phone
i don't want a messenger apps!!!!
App is lil jerkky while scrolling. It's not smooth like iPhone. Please look over this and make it jerk free.
Nice
We love
SO FAR SO GOOD
Supper fast
You make us download messenger and messanger can take pictures of us and record audio. It can also read texts and change contacts so why are you doing that to kids. You're basically being Jimmy Savile taking pictures of children. It's vile.
Its great ....
New update finally let's you reply to comments. This is what I wanted, this is now worthy of 5 stars! :)
Super
I've tried to log in for sooo many times using my phone but it failed..i've repeatedly uninstalled n installed it but still i couldn't log in..i don't know what's wrong
It's awesome. I'm soo amazed.
Good
Y does fb compel to install messenger.
Facebook
Only 3 stars now
Great app.
Super app .....
Work superbly
how many more goddamn updates ?
I love it
Don't like that it's no in-box don't want want u want me to have!!!
Bawi bik Thawng
Working smother
Makes u download separate messenger app. You need to bring back the regular messenger.
Awesome
Too much eat ram
It is horrible
Chat is too slow
Nice
Loved it excellent...
Good good
Facebook
Very nice view
nice working
I want new upgrade fb
great app
Like no other
Especially, these new tabs. when I scroll images, it keeps going to the next tab when I reach the last image
Gud
After what i found out on app info that it basically spies on you, i will not be using it anymore!
The app is great. Keep up the good work
Takes up way too much memory. And they want me to install FB messenger? No way man.
Its gud way to communicate bt izz bit slw..
Totally screwed... It force people to download that chat messenger app. No freedom at all... I will give no star if I could
I just installed it am going to check if it gives me problems but I don't think it will so am giving y'all five stars
Love it
Way faster than windows phone Facebook app
Ok
Last update removed the notifications for messages, please fix this.
I love this application only thing which bothers me is we can't download videos this makes it frustrating as once internet connection is slow
Nc but problem
Million thumbs up
Plz update the app in my phone I'm not getting real time notification nor the app is getting numbered for notification taking very large space.
Bring back the messenger on facebook.
GOVIND
Love itx
Don't know why messenger App needs to be separate.  Integrated is more convenient & users should be able to choose which option they want.
Tilak Patel
Requiring another application to chat is making me consider getting rid of both. Msngr is already removed, is they again put that i must install it gor chat, i will remove the facebook from my phone too.
it sucks! it ate so much memory in my phone! i hate it. pls fix this. thank u.
Loveee ittttt
ok
Messenger app necessity sucks. Improve that app for a better rating from me.
I don't like the messenger app.
Like
Up date is very bad not work this is very slow
John
i love this app
Great
Coolest
Greeeeeeeetttttt
pepole get connect from other countries.... I love it
daaaaarm
Remove the suggestion for messenger. Totally not good. Irritating.
Fhvdtu
Can't download since phone updated it erased f.b, now cannot reload it.. Says it incompatible
App
Great app (:
V good
I don't like the idea idea of separate messenger... I wish messages can still be opened even without separate messenger app.
It's ok I guess.
Facebook has connected me with friends all over the world, even those friends from yesteryears. I had thought I won't see anymore, we have reconnected through this medium. Thumb up to all the men who conceived this vision.
I don't care about top stories and nor do a lot of other users - put it back as a permanent option rather than hiding it away in the menu! Its should be default!!
Nice...
This app is a memory hog why don't you people make it lighter less RAM consuming. It has 3 services going on which take up around 80-90 MB's. It slows down my phone.. Fix it and your 5 stars are confirmed..
Nyce app...
Very Nice App
I
N
Love the apps...
Its good
Awesome
awsome
why should i download messenger when i m already using Facebook app
Fb
Always had to update something or the other. Sometimes after opening fb my phone gets switched off & again i have to reboot it
Jest ok
1 l0v3 1T 50 much
It's marvelous
:(
I install facebook new version  I feel so happy bcoz its very fast I love this...
I loved it
It's ok when I can get on I have so. Much trouble logging on it makes me mad
Don't want messenger
I love!
i keep having a problem with facebook it keeps freezing after i watch two videos please fix this problem and i will rate it 5 stars
I would give this 5 stars but I have to uninstall and then reinstall to get the fb to connect with my game and sometimes I have problems with my messinger not allowing me to send out, fix this problem and I would give it the 5 star rating....
Not bad time pass
Won't work on HTC disire a8
The most facebook
Not sure how long I will keep this version. If I do keep it I doubt I will be using it much since it's like reading an old news paper...I want my news current!
Fesal vhora
Nice
v gug
Great app.
Ok
Very nice application! The user interface is well done ! Eventhough there are missing features as compared to facebook on the browser, this is a must have application for all facebook users with android phones !
Z
Super app I luv it
Its awesome
Thanks
Messenger should not be mandatory
What happening in new verson ?????? I cant use it. Return old verson plzzzz
Facebook is so fast after last update but it sucks to download the heavy messenger to just read or reply msgs . U better get rid of it
Manila
lv'in it..
Good
good
Not gud so far
Good apps
Does not work on ma phn
stupid
How is what you are doing legal? Technically as I am under 18 i cannot agree to you using my information without my permission!
I love u facebook
Good
Terbaiklah
Awesome
I uninstalled it because i cannot see the pictures, very slow and it affects all my other apps. Pls work on it...Reinstalling to refresh but installing again is very hassle and i cant understand why i have to install the messenger app. It really sucks. !
its the most best app i seen
Best
Sucks take too much space
Why have to have an messenger app to get your messages stupid. I don't like the message just popping up on your phone. Our lives are not centered around Facebook.
Ghanta
Use to be a good app untill you forced me to download this other app just to view my messages! Tf is the deal!? Makes no since! And btw the messaging app is retarded as hell! An Yet this app still takes up alot of space and since the inbox was removed theres no reason for it! Im close to gettin ride of this **** all together cause all it does it drain my battery and take up space, ill use my computer for fb forget this! BRING BACK THE MESSAGING!
I don't want it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  If it's not broken don't fix it!!!!
Iko poa tu
The app is cool buh something must be done to reduce its size interms of space. It takes too much space!
I'm not happy at all. It takes to much space and so much for inboxes, it forces you to instal the messenger app which I can't stand. Of only there was a way to instal an older version.
One of the WORST APPLICATION ON GOOGLE PLAY STORE...
I don't want that head popping up in my screen!!!
Fantastic design. Has helped to reach out to many of my school days friends that I could not connect to for over 15-20 years. Thanks to Facebook . Also keeping me abreast with happenings around me and globally.
Poor.. I don't like it.
Great
Its....
Hard time to write a status with image on device that has a lot images
With every update the functionality gets worse, it's harder to scroll now, pictures take even more time to load than last time.... Would've been happy if they left the app the way it is without these meaningless updates!!!
I need it
Good 4 chating
Gr8
All of a sudden after an update. I can't watch any videos!! What's up with that?!! I love watching and now every single video says, "Sorry and error occurred. Cannot play video" FIX IT!!!!!!!!!
Why 2 app instead of one ?!?App use too much memory, web app works faster and better. App takes far too much storage space in the mobile phone.
Good 1
Best app ever
Good
okiew
Never crashed on me
I don't like .. Cause facebook messenger is nothing
After the new update it f***** closes
Messenger please...
Ood
Very very sweet
Best
This make easy to conversation to each other
Supeer...
We get ads thats fine....but listening to us..watching us... Using our pictures...for what?
Ilike this app
Good one
Old news feeds are always shown on refreshing news feed
Nice
Try to enhance it more nice work
It takes more space as well as reduce battery backup..but good apps..
Good-luck
Better
What's the point of today's update? Sorry, I didn't get it. It's the same thing as the last update. I am tired of your almost daily update!!!
love it
Theek kro isay
Can't upload my vids
I like Facebook, and this app does a great job at keeping you connected. The only problem is that if you leave the app by following a link inside the app, you will have to restart back at the top of your news feed. Other than that, this app works great!
Sucks
This App constantly freezes and has "problems loading my feed"... Absolute crap considering one of the most downloaded apps ever...
Abu samah bin md taib
Good
It make facebook to work fastly.but it crashes sometimes
Fantastic
Best !
It works faster than other apps.
Anybody can use this application its use for  inter torment  ...
Plz remove messenger. Its make fb slow and wastage of time
I Liked it very much because everyone in the world uses this app.It is a popular app
Good one..
I really don't like the messenger crap I shouldn't have to have it just to I.M. a friend or a relative I hate the new up date please take off the Facebook Messenger out for good and add something usefull for us all and then i'll rate you 5 stars
We can get pc options in cell only...lovely
It's OK an it keep me connected to my friends an family
It makes a new friends
Good
Since the last update my facebook icon is not working properly After I press the Facebook icon it just shows a black screen what could be the problem?? Please please solve my problem
I like it...
Okay
Facebook
Aight app
It's cool
Last time I can easily upload my vids.. but now, I juz cant!
When I first open it..It seems okay but its loading so slow..fixed it..
BATTERY ISSUES
I love the new FB.
V good application
My browser works better.
very good job
You need to update the software more often!
Most nice apps ever
One Facebook app is enough. I would rather remove facebook from my phone, than install another app just for messaging. The facebook app takes enough of my ram.
Sux my phone does
valo
Good
I am just a Facebook fan
Good
Easy to use
EXCELLENT
Nice for mobile app
Cool update
Good
Doesn't work properly
Good
It causes malfunction to my mobile
Khoza
Hummm
The latest version looks so dumb without messenger
it always freezes up when I scroll pass a video and you have to download messenger
J
Nice
Northing is wrong here!
Please fix the problem...how many times i logging in but need to update.when i update not working...it makes annoying to me....hiw many times do it...until now i cant accest my acount...
Please don't crash again
HARI
All We Need is Most Recent instead of Top Stories in News Feed.
Great app
Not bad
Waste of time
Loved it
I find it more easier to navigate. I hope there is an option not to install the messenger. Other than that i love the application.
Useless without chat
There is no difference if we login through web browser in phone or use this app
Are you guys making us to download an extra app for just viewing or replying one or two message that is completely ridiculous . Bring back that feature
I love it
I don't need to delete any of my app
Goodbye FB app.
It is what it is...
Doesn't get all the new feeds like online or in the Web does
Why do we have to Download messenger if need to message why !!? and what's with so many permissions you need
No choice in things anymore its all conformist
Improvements need to be made
Its take too much time to startup n not that much faster than other  apps..
Smooth and good
Dont like that we don't have messages anymore
It crashes when updating status with photos.
Its ok. I like it, its good so far most especially d messager app
Not up to mark.
I WONT GIVE 5 STAR UNLESS YOU WONT FIX THIS. MY PHONE IS ALCATEL ONE TOUCH 918N THANKS. PLEASE FIX THIS AND I WILL SPREAD THIS APP AND I WILL GIVE FIVE STARS
Luv this
You can call to all friends in one second ,, ,
Why can I not take this application off my phone?
Nice app
Perfect
Galaxy s5
I don't like massenger. .ple close. It.
Personal.
Ptuiii
I love this app but Is to slow when chatting with friends
U can create an album but can't add pics to it....what the heck is this????
Don't like the fact I have to download fb messenger to see My fb messages coz  Annoying! Won't download messenger so this app is a MASSIVE WASTED SPACE
Good
Needs to go back to the way it was
Now it's good specially offline mode
I want messages back, I dont want a seperate app just to read messages
Wow. Facebook now using perfectly
Re installation of facebook
It's okay.
Works for me so far

face.
Brilliant
not enough good
Nice
Works good for me.
Good
Radiya23
Sagheer
Mal¨ªsima esta ¨²ltima actualizaci¨®n. Cada vez que intento entrar a Facebook me aparece el cartel de "forzar cierre" y se tilda todo. Y cada actualizaci¨®n ocupa m¨¢s espacio y mi pobre tel¨¦fono no da a basto. Por favor, arreglen este desastre porque tampoco funciona con otras aplicaciones como Instagram. Cada vez que quiero compartir fotos en la p¨¢gina de Facebook, en vez de conectarme a la cuenta, entra a la p¨¢gina de Facebook y se me pone la pantalla en blanco y me salta un mensaje que dice "login failed". Media pila!
Need messenger app which i dont want to install
I can't msg with my facebook app y?
4 stars only because nt every aspect is integrated in the appp as it sometimes takes me to my browser when i click something in the app
Like the new update it runs more smoothly thanks Facebook
terbaik
I can't see menu on my friend like: follow, edit list friend, About, Photos etc Where they gone? Its blank!!!!
Easy user
Hate that you have to use messager to view or send messages to anybody
I feel like I have no privacy... thanks fb
SUPURB
Save data to sd require to reduce memory uses...!
With every update you are making it a heavier app. Consumes too much data as well. Let it be simple like the old one.
Super
Get up is really nice
Excellent
Superb app....loved it
Why i cant uploaod this facebook?
God
no good working
The newest version is so smooth. The lag has been drastically reduced on my phone and scrolling just flows. URL previews from the phone work now. The biggest bugs: can't delete posts from the phone, sometimes the keyboard (either stock, Swype, or SwiftKey3) hangs and I'm unable to spell check a comment, making the app unusable to some degree. The check in process still lags trying to find GPS info. Cant edit comments, and why can't you edit posts from either the desktop or the phone? Seems silly.
Love
Ayyappa
I good app to connect with friends but need too much update sometimes respond very late fix this problem
New design my foot..same old oversized photos and itty bitty text on your wall. Using my device text size setting in the menu makes this worse!!! Goes to show it can be done and you are continuing to overlook it! Yet another failed update...verdict...HATED IT! *snap*
Why so much space ...
SUYASH INDIA
Superb app
I'm loved it
Nice nice
Alone again she means well
Every update you do is worse and worse
This is easy to use....and give sufficient option for user.
Facebook
good
lipu
Hate this app only coz u removed chats from this app... Now i need to install another app just to see messages....Another app in background hogging my RAM diminishing my daily battery life
Good working app ... suprb
Why do we need you access practically every feature on our phone? Why do you need access to our contacts or why do you need to access our camera or audio and you record it? Just for a social media app? I'm sorry but I believe that's just bs that in order for us to have this on our phone we have to let you access our entire phone. And the fact that you made two different apps, one for Facebook and one for messenger, why? I won't be using Facebook.
Why we have to install two apps just for same function really wasn't good idea plz just consider our comments seriously
I downloaded the messenger app  but then couldn't see facebook. Uninstalled it but now cannot see any messages that were sent through messenger. This seems to be a rather pointless application.
Its was gr8 app with occasional issues of hanging in older version. .. but now its worst... making it compulsory to download messenger. .. thats not acceptable...
Good
Love
Phone will not accept app since its phone update. Says not compatable.  This desp needs sorting as I see I am not the only one!!!
Its too heavy that's why its so slow
Consume alot of ram.
LOVED IT
Goodwill
Suck
Yg bagus hehe...
Not bad
Cannot copy coments or post. Needed for translation. The competitor has this option.
Not so perfect itz slow n gets hang n stop responding
I absolutely love it
News feed  k post ko plzzz save karne ka option ......bahut meharbaani hogi....
So nice
i love app
Why You Take My Comments Out? YOU DONT LIKE THE TRUE TO SHOW UP IN YOUR SCREEN?
Super
Nice
It sucks
Good app
Leak alway smile
The app loads slower than the 3rd generation computers
Good
Says 18 kb but when loaded it takes 60. Hate that!!!!
Asssly
Thumbs up to it!
Messanger is trash. Stop playing games with us
Good
Not responding
Fix video feeds, keep freezing since last update.
Can no longer chat have to have another app! Then can't talk to the ones who don't have the app. Messenger takes over my phone and tablet. A lot of people no longer use your apps have left.
Ok
Excllent
Pandit
Looks good
Quite good
Have it
Just like it
Don't like that the news feed is never in order and I mean never.
Can you guys finally add gifs for comments? Like on Google +!
It keeps crashing! 5 or 6 times a day it just stops running and goes back to my homescreen. It also freezes often. Have to go out and completely restart the app.
Nice
Itot
Too slow and big size
Hate it
Needs updates that will decrease RAM consumption
But sometimes fb apps not responding.
slow
This app even over WiFi just doesn't load the news feed fast when wanting to scroll through quicker like desktop browser does, same internet used.
This facebook app and or who ever is behind it shouls be ashamed of theirselves how dare you try and invade the privacy of almost 1 billion people. I won't allow you to invade my personal life.
Good
Bulan
You moved over my messages...
Jol
Friends
Best
Too heavy and slow..not only the mobile version, but the platform itself...
Very very good community centre
Facebook
Good
This aap lags on low and Android phones please make this aap lighter
Very nice
Good app
No new version for me
Making life much easy and communication better
nice
You guys are tripping with all this permission crap you don't need access to my entire phone. And yes you will be uninstalled from my phone right now
Bakvas
Hzhsbsb
Suck
Very great apps .newly updated we'll comes you
The app eats too much of space on the phone and doesn't allow me to move it to SD drive.
Awsome
It's a bit slow i have 3g till it takes 4-5 minutes to load a picture and the newer version only goes worse than ever and this newer version can't even log in
Esto al pa,lo ok. Lol
ne guzel beeeeeeeee
Consuming too much of memory and battery life .. :(
Love it
Baik
Elangovan
The new fbook sux and I can't stand the dumb messenger!!!
This application helpful to all
It updated now it won't get past the freaking loading screen. Facebook app starting to suck now.
I love this facebook app ;)
Start slow
Wow
So bad ..
Uts working very smooth n gud
I don't want messenger
I cant play videos. It always lag and hangs. When I will check and reply my messages it will be crashed.
I've had almost no problems with this but I really don't like the fact that Facebook has to spy on people and get into their business.  There's a chance I might just get rid of my Facebook because of that. Mark Zuckerberg needs to get his act together or he will lose his members that he gained over the years.  If he could go back before he hired his team of idiots I wouldn't consider leaving.
new look?? look jux like the last time.
Ok
I hate this app because it requires messenger app....just stick in mobile browser
its not gd
I can't upload my photos I tried to my other gadgets and still it won't work... :/
Pretty bulky for one.  Not a totally storage hog, but come on, optimize this thing.  Slow to open and load (probably going back to the excessively large apk size).  And language switching doesn't work properly.  Phone needs a reboot (not just the app!) for changes to FULLY take effect.
Pait kc nag llog fb ko ..
Love it
Constantly not responding and closing itself, and don't like having to have the messenger app to get messages.
No bugs or hiccups awesome
ok ok ok
social network
More about fb than the fbi wishs to tell i wish they wood stop cutting me off i used my  very own phone number to sign up on facebook and they swere im not who they thank i am  did u know fb is short for fbi
We shouldn't have to be forced to download the messenger app in order to read our messages. I'll use the web to log in.
Hate facebook messengeer
Not sure on how I feel about people spying on me
What's the reason for an update that makes it stop working right.
Worst since update. Can't work For at least 1 minute and the app restarts.
Not 1st class app,, but it just fine..
it help me do my every thing soo fast..
Freaking great
Perfect
The whole thing is okay except for the facebook messenger app. Why do we need to download it.? Why cant we just stick with the older version though.
Really good app now
If I follow a link to an article in my news feed, I really would like to come back where I left off. Stop updating my feed and putting me back at the top. Also had this happen while watching a video within my feed. Really irritating. Also, if a friend comments on an article, I would like to see that comment come up first instead of the most recent comments. Ultimately, I want to know what my friends think and interact with them before dealing with strangers.
Its being stupid. Keep freezing and closing it self
Man,,,errytime I'm tryna watch a video, some times I can, sometimes I can't :-( it w would freeze up, or not play @all, is frustrating!!!!! Sooooooo could you guys please leave Tha New up dates along!!! :-) personally I liked Tha older version better!!!! But imma ride & due 2 whatever iz done, I'm always GAME 4 changes!!! :-) I'M prayn 4 GOOD 1'z,,,bwahahahahahaha...I'll be waitn :-) :-) :-) :-)
Keeps saying no internet connection, bhai ut clearly I do have an internet connection, otherwise I wouldn't be able to post this!! Please fix.
Facebook
Samsung S4
It is the best EVER!
App will not allow me to enter confirmation code which is essential to access. Please fix this ASAP and I'll re-rate the app. Thx.
Piece of crap
Awesome.
Can't connect to Candy Crush. I have uninstalled Facebook and Candy Crush and reinstalled and it still doesn't work. It work perfectly in the past.
app always freezing I have to exit it and close it in the task manager

Yes the facebook is but to the cheldereq
Mmm, it hangs very easily. How come?
Messenger ruined my phone. Literally just installed and my phone is studdering as I type right now. DO NOT DOWNLOAD THIS APP USE ATRIUM INSTEAD
Bring messages back!!! The messenger app is a waste of time!!! Not worth it at ALL!!!
Good
Easy Way to go.
Able to keep in touch with family and friends
Every time I watch a video it freezes And locks up my screen it is very very bad and irritating
Why should we need to to download messenger application? Im not satisfied to this.
I upgraded to the Samsung galaxy s4 and my app keeps force closing as soon as I open it :( please fix it!
S3
Too big and too slow !! Full memory ,why i have to choose between fb or  whatsapp ebay paypal and other better apps much more useful than you guys ... !!!:Who do you think you are ?? Avoid like the  plague
Its like an addiction lol
This app is great!!!!
There is a problem in videos!! It can't be played till the end
Way slower than it used to be. :-(
when i click on video to play it says cannot play video and giving error.... please fix that problem. b4 it was good...i had update 2day and after updating i got that problem....please fic it and thanks
It good
Sometimes slow but otherwise ok
That wass goog
Kaaaa
Its good app but I don't need fb messenger. Please stop promoting it you should improve more I guess the fb app not adding messenger as it doesn't help at all.
Videos no longer play when touched. App always re-routs to a blank fb page that says "the page you requested was not found." Also, the ability to set the news feed to "most recent" is too hard to find. I don't care what fb thinks a top story is... if it's from a day or two ago, I probably already saw it... the "most recent" setting needs to be easy to find, and needs to stay set until changed by the user. HTC evo 3D
Worthy
Seriously why are you trying to force people to download a separate app just to let me see my messages? Such bullshit on you guy's part....
This is the best app ever.... i can do everthing and its esay to ueas and i love it<3
Mandatory messenger suck i have leave facebook whenever someone wants to chat wid me useless messenger , is Facebook competing with some other messenger service company if that's the reason when i have think twice for keeping Facebook apps on my mobile. Let it b as it was earlier otherwise i remove Facebook.
Needs improvement.  And. No.  Not daily app updates that have no change log and do not add functionality; those aren't helpful either.  And no, taking away functionality (private messaging) is even worse.  Poor development progression.
Messenger Kill All
its agood app
This is good and useful
So Happy (¡ã_¡ã)
good
The app is using too much ram and why is the app closing with out u closing it and logging me out. Can you fix it please
It is very sucky won't download
Wonderful
The latest update has destroyed my desire to use this app. I no longer receive notifications on time. They don't even appear when I manually refresh the notifications tab. Top stories should never be the default feed. That makes absolutely no sense. It's counter-intuitive to dig through a submenu for my most recent feed. Where is the logic behind completely segregating messages now? Thank you. I guess I'll stick to viewing the full website on my phone since the mobile website isn't much better than the app.
can't retrieve my messages and can't play the videos ,always hanging ,wanted to install another app its sucks!!!!
Fhyy
Nice app
Nice app
Mi gente bajen esto esta brutal.
It wont let me download the app
Love it
Gud
Keeps locking up and can't get through the feed. This app was great but now blows!!!! Fix this
Just use the phones browser
Sweet!
Saddam5956
Its notification bhut jaldi s ate h but y mb bhut jayda h
Not only does it take long for videos to buffer, it freezes my phone.
Is not fast
Well... since almost the entire world uses facebook I have to install this junk on my phone for one group that I follow.. I think Back Orifice had less permission than this thing...
Its a fun app
.**********.............**************
Forced to get the bloody messenger app keeps crashing! FIXED IT!!
Nice!
patrisalea@yahoo. CPO.uk
I dont like the new version, it force me to download messenger, and the apps always force closed when a video autoplayed
It barely even works after the latest update. It's super slow and lags up and freezes. Please fix. I have a android, lg optimus extreme. Older version.
Keeps crashing, dislike having to have messenger installed.
facebook forces Facebook messenger on you now....
It running slower and frozen few times. :-/
good
like it
Jitunze
Still some features especially related to security are missing
Facebook
Nice nd ocem connection. ....
Its a bit slower
Still has a lot of the old problems. Requires too many permissions. Uninstalling it.
Good
Coolio
Stupid fb messenger
nice for Facebook Cool
Realibility and speed is good... But the only problem is that ..Force to Download the Messenger....why should we download Messenger to see inbox.....its wrong.. You dont need it to force peoples... Fb is toppest thing.. ANd the top guys dont need to do this cheap things...
I Now Have "Gliches" In My "Video Feed" After An "Automatic Update" I Didn't Authorize!! FB "Messenger" Works When It Wants To & Texts Take Hours To Send At Times!!
There is not one thing that I can say about the new app that is positive. What the hell!! Stop messing with it!!! It only works once in awhile and I don't even see half of my friends posts. I also very rarely get to see my notifications.
I want to be able to delete photo albums that people tag me in without asking them to take it down
Stop trying to spy on us Government
Good app over all. Keeps freezing after a few scrolls of my feed stream though.  VERY frustrating. Sick of having to close the app and start again only to be stuck again a few minutes later. THUMBS DOWN!
Awsome
Brilliant
Since the last update, Facebook freezes up and closes more often than it ever has. Please fix this problem. It's very frustrating.
great
I've been having major issues for 2 days now. It will not load. I keep getting an error message.
Without messangar app it don't works that a bad thing in it..
FOUND MY CRUSH
Thanks
Facebook is good to  keep in touch with people just in case if you lose they  number Or long distance
Best
Why does Facebook need info from my texts and even phone calls!!!!
Great
Very good
Poor in network coverage
I lv this app
WTF!!! THIS APP SUCKS SO BAD!!!! I RECOMMEND GOING BACK TO MYSPACE THEN THIS BULLSHIT APP!!!
I can communicate with everyone of friends. Puedo escribirle mensaje a todos los que quiera aunque no los tenga de amistad.
Facebook
This is grate
Unexpected error can't play video. I am on a lg g3phone please fix. Extremely frustrating...
The app does not show the feeds fr8m jost recent. Seems the developers cant get it right and require to basically give up your privacy
Umm.. I just would like to know why my whole phone lags like hell when I download this app?
I love Facebook
Love it...what's not too love...
Lady heart
I love this app
Stopped every minute
V good
I can't even load a HD image -_- it's bluring even I wait for so long -_- fix it for me please
Just so frickin laggy
sound
Facebook! Respect your users! We do not want to be forced to use your messenger app! I was perfectly happy using messenger on the facebook app.
Couldn't live without Facebook
It is a ok . I just do not like it if you forget your password that thay ask you it . If I am going ot change it it means I do not no it.
Social
App sucks now that they are forcing you to get the messenger app, what if I don't want to grant all those permissions and can't download it? Well too bad now.
Crashes and freezes
I like it, i can chat to people on a computer or on my phone
Its kinda slow. My phone always hangs up when i open this app .  i always get my battery out when i want to stop  .
Hhqha
Hate it it is so baad
This is seriously the WORST app ive ever had on my phone. Do us all a favor and stop with all the updates!  All your doing is making it worse (didnt think that was even possible)  Now i cant see any pictures, nothing loads correctly,  takes forever for my comments to post,  and stop telling me to download the messenger app!!!!  Absolutely ridiculous!!  
I can't open it!!
Super Social Network In The World
App has come a long way. Much smoother on this updated version of android. But the privacy and permissions list keeps growing. Almost feels as if facebook is spying on its users now.
Not bad
Great
But it uses a lot of space
This is by far the worst version of Facebook so far !
Love it
Updated my phone n its wiped facebook totally n wont reinstall joke
Really FB!? Fix this problem please!
Lovin it  I am always on it no matter where I am
Good
Facebook
If i dont want messenger dont need to download it. Ppl br calling me thru messenger. Not cool all im saying change and maybe ill give a better rating
Love it!
Good
Love the way it let's connect with friends though it needs to have more features to be powerful enough.
Cannot live without it... lol
Awsom
They want us to download messenger app separately.
Not happy. Fed up.
The app doesn't even work after update
Nice
Won't let me download pictures from messages.. Also is slow uploading videos
5 star rating yo
For the new version, Nice
Improving
Doesn't 'respond' to open with new update
I make friends here ...
Problems viewing pics and videos. I have removed then reinstalled. I wasn't having trouble until lately. I love Facebook and would love to see it fixed. Then I could rate it higher
Thank you fb
Loved
CANDY CRUSH
I've tried using it now and I don't know what is going on. It is not allowing me to check anything. I have tried uninstalling it and installing it again and I hope it would work this time.
Friends
By Gloria williams
Mantapz abiess
Thanks for the best
Kamaljit Singh
Koren
god
It's very fun
Wont even load on my.phone smh
I probably rated it a bit too high i like it and all and being able to be in contact with friends from different countrys but the threats and dramas is what ruins it 4 me
bad version
Keeps saying setting up.
You people should have normal people not nerds testing these apps before updating. You just don't get it, so SADDDDDD!
Its so awesome i have a tablet and i got it on there to  this app is really awesome who ever made it thank u very much god bless u
lov to use its so easy
love it
Best addiction ever
Bring back the messenger! That's all.
I like facebook because we can talk with friendship and family ^^,
Was on my phone updated phone Facebook was removed by update and will not reinstall due to incompatible update please fix this
Please don't download this application...... because of this application my FB 's session was expired :/
FB sucks,  I can't get my pictures! !
The permissions are outrageous. Also making people download the messenger app is stupid. As soon as another social network is out y'all will be gone quicker than Myspace.
Works good but will give a 5 when there is a way to make the most recent feeds be the default
Too many updates
Femal
Works perfectly..
Very good
Stay out of my phone.
Make Facebook lighter please it is very heavy and that does make it go slow. I had to delate it because it was taking up far too much  space i had no memory left so that is why i delate it because the facebook app is far too big you need improve that.
smart
It wont let me put who im in a relationship with
So sick of the videos playing without me selecting them... The design is horrific! Terrible guys. I expected better!
Umm whatever you changed. Epic Fail! Won't allow videos to post heck 1/2 the time won't even open. Uninstalling! Reinstalled in hopes that you made an improvement. Nope it's even worse than before  keeps jacking up my phone. Does this Sound familiar, Un-installing
I like the app, it never gave me any problems whatsoever on the droid the iPhone any galaxies any type of phone ive had and i go thru phones like a chain smoker lol maybe the app just love me its freaking awesome to me
So good
After a few days using this app, it has got very laggy, scrolling is never smooth.
Great app apart from the latest update has stopped me being able to watch videos.....
It does not respond!
But!!Fix bugs then I will rate 5 stars.
Does anyone even use Facebook anymore? Haha
like
Loved it
I reinstalled I've cleared cache a IV clear data constantly says unfortunately Facebook has stopped .
good
why does it keep closing I'm thinking about uninsalling.
But still...cannot post watching movie menu dissappear...
): black screen
Love it
IFTAKHER ALOM
Excellent
The best
Nice
what happened to the last update ?? i cant upload photos now . and its hard to load the newsfeed or the comments .. please fix . i cant use my facebook
You are digging to deep... Fu*king CIA..
Freezes alot on Galaxy, and doesnt open straight away... Please fix...
now it's moving slow ever time I want to text someone, and sometimes it just closes while I'm still typing and I have to start typing again
Sells your personal information to the government.
Great functionality...but SLOOOOOW
I liked it
If you're like most people, you just love having no privacy. I know I do. So I thought to myself how can I find someone to exploit me?  I mean I already live in a 100% glass house. That way anyone passing by can peep in and watch my every move. So then it hit me! Why not use Facebook? I mean what could be better than having your every move monitored and recorded? The great thing about Facebook is not only do they do all of those things, but the sell your information too! So now I get the best of both worlds
It is really a good app
Freezes my phone constantly
Make newsfeed show most recent first... tired of not having most recent posts first...
Is as hell, asks for all sorts of permissions it has no business having, and as of late for not even do messaging any more ... utter crap
Kampala
I hate it
ali
Gamd awe:-)
Afwul..whenever i update a newer version ..i find it aaaaaawful
FINE
Messenger should not be compulsory uaed
Its alright
I lv facebook bcz I gt to see mny ppl
O
Nice
Freezes & slows down my whole phone
Always on facebook love the app it is really good to post things when I am on the go
Love it
I like new update..
i like it
Every time I go in it kicks me out!!!!! Fix it already! Been like this for days now!!! Not even the mobile site is working Ugghh
good
Boring
I like this app
Every single time I try to scroll down my news feed I can't get passed the fourth story on facebook without it 'not responding' and closing Facebook. Seriously, why is it so freaking hard to make an app actually WORK?! Facebook has the funds to make this app the best. Why don't they? So stupid!
Facebook
Android facebook amazing
hi it coldout peps.
FB is common apps for all people. But i thing one feature need to add and it is copy status...there is no way to copy other friends or page status...somtime something very important to copy...but we can't. We had to move in to pc or laptop...so its barely needed...
Taking lot of ram space.
Because you have to download messanger ....Ion Want That Shidd on my phone take up too much space buy me a bigger sd card then i download it
I prefer to chatting via fb not messenger
:)
Facebook
Love it
Mob mi ima dvojezgreni proc i gigu rama i SVE leti OSIM fb-a. Cim krenem na fb odma mi se mob uspori pun k***c. I od 15 pokusaja gledanja videa na fb-u 14 ih zavrsi prekidom... KATASTROFA!!!!!
Love fb
I need Facebook please
Love Facebook period...
It does it's purpose, to keep people connected. Don't like how often it needs to update, and I also dislike the fact that the news feed is buggy as crap! With all the updates why hasn't that been one?! Perfect moment for a "dislike" button.
Don't like the updates or the invasion of privacy!
Works OK. But is terrible on a tablet screen, and their are no layout options. Have just found friendcaster.
Services temporarily unavailable. Come on!!!!
Verygood
good
It is just awesome
I love it
Nice web
Takes forever to load,or doesn't load at all! Why is it that us android users always suffer?
Great app
Nice
Myshaa
Just awesome
hangs, lag, SUCKS! Even forced us to install Messenger. Seriously?
I love facebook its a good social media and helps me keep in tabs with my family and friends.
Is addicting
Picture this.. So i get a notification that my friend has commented on a comment of mine on some random group I'm part of.. when i click on the link to read it.. I still have to do the work of locating the comment and sometimes i have to screen past hundreds of comments! Why not just take me there????
I should not have to update this app just to use it
Its ok but never will be like the computer
Very very slow loading and so glitchy
Slow. Wont let me log in.
Please make it faster for my phone. Then I will give it 5 stars!
Love it
Good app
Smooth apps
Thanks for the recent update... Now I can't watch videos as it will crash the app. Also why do you need all those permissions for a app? My bank doesn't even require that much!
Why do I have to have messenger to view messages? That's about stupid as stupid gets when there's a tab on the app to view messages.
App is great! Just 1 thing. I get into Photos then Album section, choose any pic and i recognize that there's no Save button for saving pics to my phone. But if i try with pics in Photos section, it will be at the 3rd choose. How can i give your team an attachment? You'll understand what i'm trying to talk about.
head
Wanna let me actually click on things and not freeze every time. That would be great.
When it say update cannot always do it
Why
Stopped using the app, just open in web browser and my phone is now much quicker :-)
Great way to stay connected with friends.
Very seeeeeee noww my frnds
Awesome
Amazing
It has too many glitches nd always says error occurred cannot play video at this time
I can't watch videos on my HTC one m7 Facebook app. Wtf?
Its cool just way to many updates....
Nice
All it says is setting up I hate this app and then you gotta to have messenger
W/so many of us onsite, Apparently FB doesn't care to improve quality..but one of these days, there will be quality competition &it will be the end of their era/error!
Craptacular
Hate it!
Works
Hate it
Beautiful...
Love this .
Rubbish keeps crashing
STOP UPDATING THIS APP SUCKS MORE AND MORE WITH EVERY UPDATE.  And everyone go use du battery saver they select old files and speed up your phone
bolehla
We want to see every story from every page and every friend that we like. We don't want Facebook picking and choosing what we see or do not see. You guys really need to fix this. It's ridiculous.
Should not be forced too download this crap
So good
slow app
They stalk you. Messenger app.
It's staying one star until 'Most Recent' becomes the default setting. It's called a NEWS Feed, not a Popularity Feed. There needs to be an option to change it instead of going all the way to the right side menu and selecting it. We need to be able to make Most Recent the default setting.
Good
Why on earth should I download an extra app to do something that I always could have done with facebook? I totally refuse to download it!
If you don't give your personal phone number for the messenger app you don't get your messages. I don't want my phone number put out there for all of Facebook to see.
Loved it lots
Its ok
Sexy
Why are you making me add a second bloated, invasive Facebook app to see messages??  Please put it back the way it was
Good
I like it very much
Kinda slow lol
I'm loving it.
:)
I love u
It xD
Keeps getting through the download, then has an "installation error" I just factory reset my phone so I know its not a memory issue. Please fix
We're living in a new age having new needs... Cyber connection is one ofthem...
Had to uninstall the app because I'm forced to install the messenger app, and cannot view my messages unless, I install their messaging app. Also I can't view fb in the chronological order. Only "recommendations from my activities". This is very disappointing!!!!!! Facebook. The worst I've ever had period. .....
It sticks every time i log on. Previous versions worked better. Gonna uninstall if it dont get better
Ewww everytime when logging in its showing me facebook is not responding.. nevertheless when I try to open in friend's phone its workin... need to fix the bugs... this time only 1 star
All things is very good nice app
This is s
Foarte bun... cei care se plang schimbati si voi telefoanele ... la mine merge super bine pe telefon si pe 2 tablete
Setting up facebook problem, whats the solution?
Gooad
Improved a lot over past few updates!
Find it hard to log in amd or get help with my password
akiwat
Makes things alot easier using this app. Why would you not. ... lol
So tired of videos trying to load without me clicking on them. I understand seeing a preview before clicking on them but my phone freezes on every video I scroll upon in my news feed. Please fix
Love the app! Keep it going
We live with facebook ..
Don't want to download app messenger to be able to see my messages..
Good
Thanks   Hellow
V
I'm sorry ... you just don't need all the info you say you do. You are infringing on peoples right to privacy
Allways it is opining soonest
Too slow and takes up too much space. Plus daily updates drive me crazy
Thanks
I shouldn't be fired to download something I don't want. Also, this app is ridiculously slow. Old version was way better
They added the "about" section in the profile back, but it's not an improvement; just giving back what was taken. Still has much more bugs and problems to fix. Even the music section is no longer existent anymore in "about"
Every each day new update. each update is 24 megabytes. Really it wasn't change. Some video's page has an another videos, under the video page. if I want to share another video, I can't. How this application engineer work and think. I don't know. I hate.
Best social media
Nice app
I don't want to download a separate app
Very baaaaaadd
Wh they said
I really got it
Galaxy s3
Love it!
Are weird...
This version seems more stable
When ever I open this app, it will automatically closed back... Please fix this
Make it like last one because new update has removed option of stop notification
Happy
Love it
:)
Good
update basi
People use Facebook to message people and upload photos... I'd you have it on your phone you might as well text people and most smart phones let you upload to Facebook and most other social media as an option already. It uses your camera and mic and o the features of your phone it doesn't need for it to function. Just facebook on your computer.
Same issue. No setting for most recent as default.
Very nice good luck guys
Love it
Dont like due to being hassled so much to download the messenger app
Nothing is new in this update.
ok
Can't update without a new messanger. I call bullcrap! This makes me want to delete Facebook and forget about it like I did with MySpace a few years back.
Your time line will be out off order. 
Samsung Note 3
The fact you need two apps for your phone to actually use all of Facebook's features is ridiculous.  Wasting memory space, battery power and not to mention the general inefficiency. Your better off just using text and using instagram on your phone rather than getting these two apps.
Sohnra hai mithra tussi wi load karo wala
app is good some problems, no more than whats already wrong with the world today.
I can't see profile pics of anyone when connected on WiFi

Really wish I wasn't forced to download a separate app for my FACEBOOK messages!
Cheers to Facebook team
Utter rubbish.
Dont like!
Good app. Sometimes lags. I just wish they would make it like one on iPad where there are top comments and such.
This app sucks and uses data
Performance
good
Freeze all the time going to delete the app
too many permissions. facebook can take photos and videos without you knowing? No thanks. give us an option of disabling these permissions.
Good for news
Not liked now. because messenger not available in it.
You think you run the show, so you can do what you want.  You started off good, but now you are nothing more than an Orwellian control device.  Get big brother out of your program.  That's why Facebook eats up so much memory!
My sweet memory world
Have been asks 4time to sign very time update in done it asks again pls fix
Khatri
Yeehaa
Keeps FCing
Very good
Very good
It's easy
Why do I need to have the FB Messenger? It just lags my phone.
Good but slow...and also dont have messenger. U need to install messenger separate :-(
I can't use this application on Ikone tabe
It takes forever too log out. And really slow
Great
Nice app
Kya
Forcing us to use messenger app. Unify don't bloat.
When I want to upload any pic to a album it shows only camera picture...whereas we have so mamy pic on other folder....this probm must be solved...
Good stuff
Awesome!!!
Not going to download Messenger.
Nice
Ok
i think its a good one bt not best
Children Of The Lord God Jesus Christ Amen.
Ideal for keeping uptodate with folk as unable to get out much.keep up the good work facebook
Jashimshoa123
How many times a day are you gonna update this?
I loooooooooove this app
loving it
it is a cool app
realy its amazing app.
RASEl
Like more
It won't let me download to my phone
Easy to use
Nice
slow
Gotta have it, I guess... Good Facebook app, getting better..
Thank You To Facebook Team Myself Triple W Dot Facebook Dot Com/suddhayanmaji ..Known As Sudd M.
It lets me get in touch with friends & family
I don't like this app too much it takes too much time to load any photo or video                            please make some improvement
Why do I need the messenger app
Good
I will not d/l Messenger!! Take your strong arm tactics & shove them where the sun doesn't shine. I'll ditch Facebook all together before I download messenger & give you the permissions you want!!!!
Nice
This app shouldn't have access to half the things it does. Like use you camera whenever it wants or check your texts regardless of sensitivity of messages no thnx go find some other sucker
They don't have to have access to everything on my phone. . Un install asap
Love it
l
Facebook is awesome.
Its nice
Nice
Is Good
So good
Won't play videos, takes forever to pull up a link then the link will act like it has a virus, the page is all chopped up. Have a hard time getting on the site, it will say facebook not responding.
Love
Best app in the world 
Slow.and.heavy..!
Bad
Great apps it is
Lovin it
Kills battery, never shuts up even if you manually close it
Very nice
Nice
Freindrikwest
This app is amazing it lets me connect with my family, without it i would not be abke to keep in touch.
I dont know much ...but I guess  ot would be good from its description.....n stuff
Soooo
Lub it
pictures arent loading. Not my connection because everything else works just fine
1983
Nice
Its okay... but after about a few weeks of having it installed on my phone, it doesn't allow me to post things... like pictures, videos, and just normal posts... please fix it
I cant log in... it just setting up for hours... its annoying...
This is THE WORST update EVER...every video i click wont play and then to top it off it freezes my phone. What's really going on? Fix this. Im uninstalling AGAIN.
This app use to be a nice app, but as usual your updates ruined it, instead of keeping your app all in one you expect your community to have to download a separate app just in order to talk to people, I would expect a loss of your community for this mistake, at this point you'll be another MySpace within the next couple of years
It gives friends in easiest way.
Awesome, I love it...
Size is too biig
Average
Its a great app
I ve tried to reinstall it..many times... It is incompatible for kitkat....Xperia devices....wtf!!!!!!
palaniram
Very nys
Thanks
Facebook's New update are awesome..with high speed operate..
I am excited that this facebook is like #ootd omg thank facebook
Nice
Vry good
This update is worse than its predecessors.. It does not load any photo be it profile pic or comment...
khushnuma khawab
Best For Photo Shere
I like it
Nice but for chatting it's required messenger...
Mmbolehkn kita jmpa kwan yg dh lma mghilang
not working!
The messenger app is an invasion of privacy when someone half the way across the country can acsess you video and turn it on and watch you shame on Facebook's part of what obumers want
One touch access to Facebook from Galaxy 4 phone.
Pls download
Lyon
Boring
Urna bi chamd hairtai
OK
Good app
Good....
Has to install every time I go on facebook :@
cannot customise my pics and status when i share. it deserve 3 star then.
Jst awwsm
It is work like chain to join all relation.
Will not get messenger.
Very cool app Foreal.
Aku butoh
Very  Good
It occupies too much storage and I have to clear all the data of the app from time to time. It doesn't just include the cache but also the data. I hope the app data can be greatly reduced in the coming update.
This is the best
Nice app
Can't install with newest Sony experia E1 update :(
Nice app
Its app is very boring
Kavinda
Best
Most important
Nice one
Satisfied
I love the fb because it creates me many friends.
you have the audacity to show me a notification when i have a new message, but not allow me to open it unless i download another app! I suggest you add a new choice called screw you facebook app i am deleting you.on the screen where it asks if i want to download messenger. I can use my browser to open Facebook without getting harrassed.
Good
New s
Nice
need more speed
Hallelujah
Ok
Having no problems as of yet but time will tell
Really good I would highly recommend for everyone who wants to keep in contact with their friends and relatives and also Want to make new ones :)
I use to enjoy the FACEBOOK and MESSENGER apps.   Use to....... Now, with all of the changes -  which includes invasion of privacy - changes my views dramatically. I'm not happy!!!
It is a awesome social site..
Love  to much
facebook
Its Awesome I Like It So Much Its Faster Than Ever Very Fabulous.
Wow
Nice
I can't sync contacts in my nexus 4
RABI DIYALI'S
It wont just install. It makes me angry:-[
Takes up to much storage space
Why do you need to much of my personal info?..
I don't want to install the messenger app. it should be an option. I would like an older version
Aww the app always get stucked ...
Nalinda
Ok
Perfect
FB KEEPS IN TOUCH WIT ALL N OLD FRIENDS
This is so crappy... Worst Facebook ever...
Invasion of privacy and uses us as lab rats!
Its good app for meeting people
Gooood
Gud one..(y)
I love this app
Vel
Auto closes when i do ANYTHING .....waiting for a new one
Never works right always forces closed! And still!
Can't read messages without downloading messenger app.So sad I need to log in through browser.if fb doesn't fix this then I need to uninstall this app.
I love this app. Its the best way to communicate with friends and family members
So good
Kalachoky
On and off conections
My account was suspended because my name is invalid it's my real name idiots I change it the same time I changed my status to married to the man with guess what the same last name as the one I changed it to I've had it for the past 3 years and the only way they let be back on is when I changed it back to a valid name aka my maiden name and when I went to change it back facebook wouldn't let me I have to wait 60 days to change it again
Monika
Can't play any videos on Facebook since the latest update.
everytimr i open and log in my acc. facebook automatically closes, i tried it many times and try to re install it but nothimg happens, it still closing when logging in
this app because Facebook is awesome
Nice application
Awesome worlds best apps:-D
Gud
Very Good
Nice app
Rameshkumar
12345
Very easy to use
Sukr he khuda ka yaro facebook phle ke jmane me nahi tha . Warna padai dil nahi lagta
Nice
Need better video player
Facebook cnt force us to go on updatin it
Nice
bad
Utkarsh
I agree with others here.. WHY must I install messenger and the new layout is horrible.. ill keep it ONLY because I can keep up with my kids. . FIX IT PLEASE!!!!!!!!!!!?
Its so slow ..m the notifications don't want to load... Ughhh 
Babu
Got stuck while watching video and reloading takes lot of time. Kindly improvement needed. Windows Facebook app is better than this
Ok
Annoying add ons and stupid messenger
i love u kavitha..i miss u so moch
I Really Like The Facebook App & its better for Communicatin...!
Walang ka kwenta kwenta.
I can't look at my pictures it keeps freezing then going to a gray screen, then the blue Facebook screen, then back to my news feed
Ab
Not able to watch videos. Every time I try, it says "unknown error occurred". And like everyone else, tired of the 'Top Stories'. We want to see the 'Most Recent'
Is to good
I love 8!
It takes too much space
Very good
Very fast
not all android devices have 1gb or more ram , you dunko developer.
I love fb its awesome
Most of us here in Facebook to play games not only for chit chat. I can't play Mafia War game. Uninstall.
Nice
i dunno y it is necessary to put a messenger when u already have facebook..although yes it mkes chatting convenient but i pops out even if i don't need it. i mean, shudn't the messenger pops out once u start not using fb? and not even when ur using fb?
good job
Poor
They ask to up date all the time and the more you update the more its screwed up
WHEN WILL THE APP GET AS SMOOTH AS THE ONE IN IOS? Hate it :(
It just stops and goes to home screen when I try to stroll my newsfeed.
Great to be able to connect and reconnect with family and friends
HANG IT NOT OPEN
How about you change it back to how it was, messaging worked just fine before, nobody wants to use a separate app. Stupid!
V nice
Its okish
Love it
Every time I try to use your app I have to update it. This just eats away at my data plan and now that I'm being forced to use messenger there's hardly a reason to keep it. If I could just use an older version I would. Its so aggravating that I just use my browser whenever I can.
The best
Toooooooo Slow.
Will not download it refuses and says insufficient space even my sd is empty
This app is really..cool..but they need to upgrade..it..but still..it works..for me..its perfect...:-) :-) ...
Sometimes disturbs a lot
No easy way to share content from my newsfeed to a personal message. Please fix the options following the 'share' action to include "in a private message." As of right now,  I have to go through the mobile website for that feature.
Like
You ARE YOU
RAhul rajak
Bad update. Now the video need to finish download before watching
Good
It takes forever to load and crashes my phone videos don't play and it's constantly freezing on me....come on Facebook do something about this like
Facebook
it's is a best app to do facebook
Keeps updating on visual and design and its pointless. PLEASE FIX THE VIDEO ISSUE!!!!!!!!!!!
Like. It
Its bad enough I have the cheapest phone with suckish memory but then you make me download stupid messenger which I cant even sign out of to go to my other account. And every time I sign in it says unexpected error please try again. I'm deleting this app and messagener. Go back to the old ways.
Hmmm gud

Excellent
Friend
Must have apk ;)
Its alright
I love you
I updated it last about 3-4 days ago..... Ever since then it says setting up Facebook. I'm not able to use the app. The phone just hangs.
Cool .
Newsfeed is horrible and you cannot permanently select most recent. Videos don't work at all anymore. I still can't even tag anyone in a post anymore! This app has gone massively backwards!! Just change it back, it's awful!! Now the app freezes and the only way to use the app again is to restart my phone. Everything else carries on working ok, it's just this crappy app that fails nearly every time I use it. The latest update has made no difference to this either!
Great
Can not feel
Nice
Like
It's good
Dilip singh
Nice and Handy

Niche
Will not open after update just rubbish
great.....
I have a new phone... Not even two months old. The videos keep freezing. I've uninstalled it and reinstalled. That didn't work. I know it's not my phone. All the other video from different apps work. Fix it please.
good
Can't watch any videos.
Getty
gooooood
Okay
All of you have bad phone's
Ganesh chathurthy kind shuvkamna all viewers
No longer works after this update. Facebook is not responding.
Good
Awesomeness
Using GSams battery monitor I discovered this app is the worst offender of wake locks and battery drain. Please fix these issues.      Nexus 4- straight talk, T-Mobile Sim card
Ok SGS4
It's very very great app
99.9% of the the fb community that have this app on their phone, do not wish to have the new messenger service. It's pointless, and very intrusive. Eventually everyone will start moving over to Google+ and perhaps MySpace as well. Listen to the people, after all we are the ones that made fb so popular in the first place.
One of the worst updates yet and requires a lot more access for next to nothing. Cannot get past 3 stories down before it freezes or knocks me off. Absolute rubbish
^_^
Very slow
Yo yo h.s
Hiii
Thanks

Everytime I try to watch a video it crashes. Then my phone dang near freezes. Twice yesterday I had to restart it.
I liked this app very much
Thanks facebook
Constantly freezes since the update!!!!!!!
Excellent
GOOD THING
iloveyou
Get this fixed... i need to log out my account D: .....This is a serious matter!!!!!
This application is useless. The only reason to have it is to share pictures but all it does is freeze up my phone forcing me to remove the battery. Not worth having at all.
Love
I love it.
It's enough that I have to download a separate app to manage my page, that makes sense and is understandable. But now I have to download a separate app just to see and reply to my messages! Why!? It was fine before, nothing wrong with the in-app messaging. Uninstalled, I'm going Tinfoil screw this nonsense
Terrible can't watch videos and newsfeed loads so slow
Kokaboy
Loving it
Freezes so much it's unusable.
So popin lik I can post pics get mad likes text friends n voice chat
Fantastic
Beast
Freezes too much on my note3
I like it so much ~
I really like Facebook and I'm sure this probably has been suggested before, but I would like it much better if when we're tagged or respond to posts that we don't get all the responses back to us. I receive notifications even if I'm not responding and it's quite annoying.
Massenger
Go back to the old style or change this one. Looks so '70s lol
Since I have had my Galaxy s4 I keep getting asked to log on to make my phone faster. Duh I am signed in and will not sign in when I am signed in lmao!! Stupid fb
It an need of all smartphones.
Great app
Hmmmmm ok
Hii
Nive
Good b
Thankss facebook
55555
Rafik
facebook is running up for creating joined sociality
Nice
App crashes when I click on video.... N also takes so much of ram
Why do you need so much memory... it's slowing my phone.... fix it quick then I will increase those stars
Ohhh
Better
I love Facebook so much
I hate it
As far as I've seen, this is the worst. Why let people download messenger? Ohmygosh. Your app already gets a big room in my storage and now you want us to download the freaking messenger that gets another big room in my storage? WhatdaHELL. THIS IS NOT what I expected from facebook nowadays.
Nice
Because you guys can turn my microphone And camera without my permission or knowledge.  Why did u have to have access to that
Very good
Ssssssh....t
Not bad.
New version
Liked it
Facebook family and friends
Andrees  315
#best
why does the layout change i like the regular where i can change it to most recent posts update: 8-29-2014 it will not let me tag ANY ONE
Spends good time
Sadik
It's nice having it
Ohidul
The new update of fb is getting bigger and heavier. Please fix this. It usually not responding or the phone says: Facebook is unfortunately closed. My friends also experience this thing. Please fix it. ASAP ! Please!
You know it's Facebook it's handy
Crashes constantly....every time I do one thing like look at a pic or reply to something it crashes..very frustrating :-( still crashing
this app is okay but it won't open like I click on it and wont open
Good
I have a new phone and the app will not let me see who "likes" statuses. Please fix
Awesome... Facebook #thumbs up
not wrking alwys not responding nd not good app now for me :-\
Good I love
A 3 for now but I need to make sure it works as said, so I will use it for a week or two and then this review could go up or down. Thanks
;)
So Far Everything Is Okay.
Ow
Best
This is a very good app
Messenger totaly spoiling it
I can't freaking upload photos from my tablet. Ugh, the fudge facebook?
Its easy and fun
Have and will continue to rate both the Facebook and messenger app at 1 star until Facebook stops this ridiculous quest to force users onto their messaging platform. I encourage every other user to do the same.
Not good
Sanjay
Im meet my old mates ... it was amaizing
Great
Not too bad.
Good social site
In every few days have to update and its remain the same
Takes forever and a day for Facebook up to load up
I like this version
Great app
Nice
So so bad  ,i hate it
I am very imperss
THE BEST UPDATE SO FAR!!!!
good app. Nicely working. Especially chat feature built-in makes chat with friends easy. :-) enjoying.

It's yo yo game are i get to watch a live please wait
Aplikasi yang memuaskan
Getting an error during installation
Buenoooo
gud xa
Its ok
Keep show that I have a unread message
Hi
I like facebook. I share everything on facebook.
Owsome
Wonderful
Dope
Awesome n Fun
Not good
Works fine. Not slow
Super
They Forse you to use the Facebook messages app is a joke
Samsung Galaxy S2 for an older version.     Not too bad.
Snigdha Enterprises , N.S.C.B College Chowk , Dhanupali , Sambalpur - 768005 (Odisha)
because this app forces me to have Facebook messenger and I dont want it...really disappointed.
Gud apps
Wander full
Farizuddin.assam
Heps in communicaton
I did like this app but now you take away messaging and expect me to download another app when this one takes up way too much space in my memory anyway! And you can't put it on your SD card! If this wasn't how I keep up with my out of state family I would deactivate my account. Oh BTW I will not be installing messenger!
I hate the fact I can't fully get rid of the app
I love it but it's time to reduce it's size.
Good
Good
Great
Keep updated
Super application
Good.
Since after update, i think size this app too heavy. Some time my phone was crash. So bore....if you change I will give five star.
Keep in toucj
Loading slow i hate how it stops and then you haven to open it againg this is my sisters in im 12
My jaan
Nothing to say......Facebook is nothing without this app.....awesome app
If I could access my current news feed I'd change this

P.o.p
Hossain
Video player not working when i update  Help me
To use their messenger app. They dont even give you a choice. They stopped allowing to message through the app.
ITS NOT A PROPER APPLICATION FOR GALAXY SAMSUNG WORK VERY BADLY AND SOME TIME OUT  OF NETWORK PROBLEM. . SO DEVELOP . SOLVE PROBLEMS OF CONNECTION
Dont put notifcations in message box in messanger to install or tell all my freinds to install it
study
subhan Allh
Amazing app
Facebook
Book
Good
Since last update I can't see my messages unless I download this pain in the a#@ messenger... I dont want messenger n I refuse to download it. About to uninstall fb
Won't let me reinstall since phone updated so frustrating get it sorted ASAP
I LOVE Fackbook,i like u
Nice
I uninstalled it . It kept on stopping . -_-
So many complaints and it never gets any better. I just want to see all my friends and group posts in the most recent feed so I don't miss stuff or have to look at the top posts feed. Plus, i notice a huge gap between posts overnight. Like I'll look at 10 pm, go to bed, look at 6am and there's almost nothing in between. It lags and orce closes a lot.
Best hai
Recent news fix it please !
Good app
All the time it say setting up facebook and it take long
NN123456
Faster service
Fine
Its easy to use and a lot fast
Fake book has sucked for a whyle now we have to download messenger fu*k this
Not the best
Best
Facebook
Not bad but not cool
Errr..
Nice
I can be intouch with all my friends and fans anywhere & anytime.
Exellente!!!!
I hate really it looks so old
Quit crying and get a new phone.
Vear good
I give one star ..This app  is very slow or even it's also effect the phone speed ..Plz fix it. ..and updates and updates  my Facebook app at the 86 Mb wtf ... We know you are the bestiees but plzz do needful plz fix it
facebook
Using slow
J
Every time i try and download the app on my lg lucid 2 it says download error 24 whatever thats about...please fix i love facebook and use it for my music work
It load the cell phone
I try to install again, but this app cant work again. Please fixed it up.
This app sucks!!!!  Why should I have to download the messenger app just too see my messages.. people should have the option to get it or not. ..  don't like being forced to do anything. ..  will be deactivating my page soon because of this
Every update seems to make this worse.  They need to stop trying to fix what isn't broken.
It always freezes and I have to delete the app and redownload it!!!
B. Not spited

Nicer
It's a loviest gift.
But slow also not showing pics fast
Yea it ok to use and u can find new friend
I tried to watch video for once...okay it worked but it wont stop...answer mark fu**ing zuckerberg
Something is better than nothing so it's good I would say
Love it
It isn't workin well
Good app
It's so good.But it wants a lot of RAM
Can't install app. It uninstalled it's self off of my phone and I am now unable to reinstall it
It uploads oftenly..and its crazy for people to forcefully dwload messenger..=.=..not worth giving tine ..my browsers Ok !!!
This apps is very easy to use and i loved it but sometimes my phone is slow  and ihate that time urrrgh hahahahaa
I like it
Awsome
Loved it
It doesn't notify me whenever I receive messages..
I can't even update this stupid thing!! =_=
I have so many to say about this
useless . i dont need a messenger to msg people in facebook . might rethink to uninstall .
Realy nce
Great job
Doesn't have chat.
Takes too much space and starts up realllyyyy slow....fix it pls
This is the only app. On my phone that freezes and causes me to shut down my phone all other apps load and work fine!!
Keeps shutting down. Highly annoying!
Good page
Nice new areas that are made..... Like friends request. E.X
Amazing
Bhagat
Pls fix it because your app is very awesome but sometimes it is getting slower
Low memory phone's for not good app
Our breeding name the dogs
Nice
Awesome app
Really laggy and it's just too confusing.
it sucks
Id like the ability to share in a private message. Also, I thought there was a way to open links within the app instead of opening the browser?
Awesome app maximum stars
N
I can't go into fb.. I reinstalled it many times and when ever I tap on the icon it just keeps going to my home screen!
Sahil
Good one
Awesome!!!
Software on my phone just updated and now the Facebook app is "incompatible " I thought Facebook was always one step ahead. Very disappointed.
This is a very serious problem i would like you to solve this problem it sucks to have a fb app  don't download this app unless this problem is cleared
Face book is changing my life
Still great app
Valo
Somen mandal
Very nice app
The News Feed doesn't Always Refresh Like It Should... I Always See Posts From 2 or 3 Days Ago And That Needs To Be Fixed
Jsje
Fb is the best friend's
Haven't had any problems so far. Thanks.
I am always get force close error fix it please its annoying that I have reopen when I am reading something
Facebook is sum bs! Abt to deactivate my account
Like
Hey why play store is cant download apps
Very good
for older version
Nice app to connect all friends instantaly.
Fb app
This app is Fantastic
More hack , oh my god!!
Fantastic
Kumarh
Wow
No privacy, there is no reason you need access to my phonecalls, text messages (not on messenger), etc. There has to be some privacy! Get it together
I don't understand why u need all my personal info.  BS
Nice esay to.use
Good,......
My Facebook update and now it doest let me log in. Sending this message com.Facebook.fbservice HELP ASAP
Good one app
Good one
facebook on android sucks. its extremely slow, always force closes, and always has network errors. they should take the android app more seriously, as the android user base has been steadily increasing over the last few months.
I love fb, im on it alot of the time and i dont really have much problems with it. Great way to keep in contact with everyone. Except one thing.. i want to be able to use facebook and message people without using the fb messaging app because the fb messaging app just plays up all the time.. please fix this
I like it..
I have uninstalled this application and  my phone my phone runs fine without it when I reinstall this application my phone lags out and shuts down on different occasions please fix this
Good update
Loved it
This new download sucks it locks up every time a video cones up now it's stupid I'm about to uninstall
This app sucks without being able to read/reply to Facebook messages.
Works really slow at times
Its just perfect in all it ways
Loved it
I see people constantly asking the same thing but no answers being delivered. Whats the deal with all provacy being invaded?
007007
This app is not boring .
Facebook
Nice one
I really like the application so everyone can use it
Nice
Ever since I downloaded the most recent update im not able to control my newsfeed anymore... it wont allow me to see the most recent statutes it gives me statuses from 3-4 days ago!!! How can I fix this... :( :(
Crashes while loading videos uploaded to fb
The same.
NO Bad!
Luv it
Nice application.
Just hearing about the bs I've been hearing lately nakes Me not even want a FB anymore....done
App..
Videos stops in the middle saying unknown error occurred
Gud
Superbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb
mganda wow, nka kilig pa
Nice
Good
Wala sa hulog ang apps na ito katsara..
good
Very nice
I'm deleting FB off my mobile phone due to privacy issues... no reason to have access to all my contacts, photos, texts, etc....also deleting Facebook messenger. BOTH continue to waste my data shutting off, restarting, etc.
Arjun
cool
can't open just keeps crashing new update sucks
love
Really good
No chatting option
i found my self..
Luv fcebook...its wormbook..
Facebook
Every updates make it worse and worse..
Grandeur
Excellent
Rajnarsyan
GO FUCK UR SELF OUT OF MY PHONE & PERSONAL DATA BASTARDS
Fast
Good for the galaxy s4, and your makers of Facebook should make the symbol with a blue f, and white background
Dekstop
Loved it
Supeerb makes friend more closer
Useful
God know all ur live.. It really matter if the people from the webeside knows ur life..
Good app
R
Facebook
It so slow downloading i need help
Ok
Slowww
good app
Perfect
Stay in touch with the world and friends and family is a good thing:)

Love it
Muhaaaa
Loved it
Good app for mobile
Nice
Good
Nice....easy to operate
Its cool to use and fast you should get this app
Force us to download your messenger app??tsk tsk
Good
My game
Gud
it's nice to go on there talk to family and friends and now it don't Work why I can get on no more fix that
Nice
Is tha best
I love it
Stop making me download the stupid messenger app.
Why this is crazy
Good
So so
Goodddddd.
Very good app
Sometimes it doesnot worrk properly even i try to report this problm there is no use
Wow
Anu
Never finish "Setting Up Facebook" , take to much RAM. Crash , Freeze . Too many problems , Facebook.
Good
Great
Yoy can find friends you havent talked to in years. I havent talked to my cousion sense I  lived at home as a young girl.wow
Tah
Best application
Hansom and clever guy
Nice
Plays a few seconds of a video and quits
Feels good
Time & energy all r lose
Hey! My facebook is not working on my tablet. Iformat my tablet then install the facebook. But it's wasn't working at all
Videos won't play...keep getting error message after update
NAPAKABAGAL MO... KAINIS...
Face book
:)
It doesn't play some videos at all
No privacy! They have access to all your personal information
Saya suka^^ Saya suka^^
They don't need my info hate the new face book
Loved
Superb
Is good though but one big thing i hate about it, some monster keep sending abuse text to me and my hubby,and they are not our friend. I thought automatically once is an abuse it will block those bitches. Fix whatever right that's my reason of given it two stars.
But after update latest version is often force closed
I like fb but it needs 72 mb space from samsung  y phone ..i  Always uninstalled n downloaded .. It is not work properly..older version was best for me ..how can i get it
Its frezees
Nice
I use to like this app but now I hate it. Why should I have to install another app just to view/respond to messages. Why does facebook need access to my contacts.
Nice
Awesome
Good
Leave us alone!!!  Rate 1 star
I love it
Facebook
Why doesn't this app have an option to play videos in high quality like you can on the facebook website. All videos look like they're taken from an old phone please add a HD option to videos!
At these my info you are requesting, do you want to clone me?
File del pacchetto non valido
Gud job
Updates destroy the app .Very slow, lagy. Takes time to show newfeeds,pictures,videos etc
I dont like that Ihave to open my messages on a separate app. The messenger sucks. I dont want but when i uninstalled the messenger I cant access my messages its promptibg me to download the messenger app. It always crashes on me while browsing. I
n
I love this it is so easy to use
Love
great
Facebook is very good for chatting and cantact
Stop freezing up every 5 seconds!!!!!!!
Keeps freezing and crashing. Some videos cause app to close completely
Why on earth do facebook have to know about my phone messages,have access to my phone numbers without my consent and be able to take pictures without me knowing? All this is making me think that is facebook really just a social networking app that connects you to your friends or are they trying to keep us under control being backed by the U.S government?
I have
Why in the hell won't you let us switch news feed to most recent! Everytime I open app it keeps kicking me to news feed at left column and I have to keep hitting the right, then select most recent! It wasn't broke before!
Axellen
Ever since the last uptdate it now freezes randomly which is annoying! It worked before so make it work again
Very nice!!!!
Not bad
Great way to share thought s & feelings with people
T
This is only  Pathetic application in play store.
Best
Money income nd time waste
I love it
Sangat mengujakn facebook terbaru Thanksss
No complain
I love it
Nothing can be like this
You need way too much info just to let me access fb. By the way stop asking me to download messanger.
I don't liked but I have no choice
Loovee Facebook
Won't play videos but doesn't explain why and only started happening recently
Aas
When i open fb my cell gone very slow please solve this problem
It would be nice to have a feature where one can search for old messages by just typing a word that is in the message? Like how it is on the desktop version. The mobile version needs it too.
I cant log in
Bad app ever used in life...facebook has been stop is an continuing error after every 2-3 minutes with error occur always by saying internet connection...with slow speed after every update....it's just fake there is no new design but same with more difficulties to operate...comeon don't just diminish...the suck app :-P
I like this apps
Great but please load quickly all the thinga
All of my friends are adding me in their groups and tag tag tag all the time I can't block group and tag .
Wow
That's better
This app is so useful for everyone. ....
Mast
Nice
Very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very good
Nice
Performace over mobile data has improved
This app very good for everyone
Like it.....................
verry nice
People shut and stop crying about it do or don't so all of your friends don't have to hear about it ok
It need to much permission
I love this app it makes it to where it really is the best day ever :)
This app is best
I really love to use this app in my laptop but everytime I'm trying to download in my S4 it's not responding. Why so hard to download this in my phone? Please do something and fix this. Thankyou; ) and God bless:D
It keeps kicking me off the internet after I updated it
Video download problem
Video stops after some interval
good
But I think you should add the "Unfollow post/Turn off Notification" option.
Good app
It keeps crashing all the time sort it out
is good
Time khrab hove
A very nice and easy to handle app
Malupet 2......
Istool
Gudd bt needs to become smatteerrrr then hakkers
I like it.
Khan
I just updated my fb and when i wanted to watch a video it will say that an error occured and facebook has just stopped unexpectedly and i will need to force close.                                                                                                                                                              Please fix it
wel
I can video take pictuers and comment look at my friends photos its realy good
Nice face book
Mahi
Raja.ali.000
Gud App
nice but slowly(2g) loading......
I can't believe how ridiculous the app permissions are! I really don't understand why it's necessary. Put me off using Facebook massively.
why do we need to install facebook messenger?? unlike before so easy and fast..
Everytime I try to use it, phone camera and audio recordings stop working also can't see videos they freeze and won't load fully. Please fix
Face
Good
@sagarmalik71
Excellent
Osam
Why do they need to spy on us this is just to much im done with Facebook and its bull $hit persuasions
Rhit thes appload
likeapp
Yeyyyyy
Guys, the reason fb demands this info is because the CIA is using this, and possibly more, social network(s) to gather information on possible suspicious activity in an attempt to "stop crime" or "terrorism" or whatever it is the CIA does. It is not illegal because its being done by a portion of the group who decide what legal is. We lost our rights when we became to stupid to keep things to ourselves instead of posting every pointless thing on the internet. Shame on us.
Hi
Perfomance
I love this new easy to use Facebook.
Everything I log in it says check internet connection. And it lets me on EVERYTHINg else, can someone help!!
Chrith
Samsung galaxy s3(rooted device) was excelllent for last version but this new update dosn't work in my phone and it causes hang up my phone specially when I want to play games like zynga poker.i have uninstalled this version and reinstalled the last version that I had been backed it up before then solved this problem. Please fix this bug.
It was stucking my phone
Amazing
Bilal
Awesome
FB to be better SM than others.
Why have upgrade my facebook when something new comes around on facebook or downloading messager from facebook i don't have that much space on my phone to put facebook messager app on my phone and fix these upgrades to facebook ok. Fix all these little bugs on facebook ok .can you please fix both my  heads things on my facebook page and turn them both into girl heads please.
Need copy paste
Awesome
Its a very special app. Its easier and more comfortable then browser
Good
Loveit
It's very good!!
Nice
Huhuuu
Nice app
Love this application...but one option of copy and paste is missing..please add the feature and release a update. Rest it is a gud application.
Love it
Good App
An awesome social networking app............
iloveit
Facebook
Syedirfanirfan
I love face book. . Keep it the good work
Good good
zawai
Facebook
Video's won't play just keep getting a play back error......
,v GB vj mm.
New improve
In this app on facebook ..from some days messages box is not work and in that place show that install the messanger box..so plz update on that fb ..nd plz mention inbox msg in that
Cool
Punit
Sy mau membersihkan
Tired of installing, ive tried several times, error occured. It says "incompatible updates" .
Good
good
Love it
Atttt......but not so much
Dinesh
Sound on the videos never works for me
Very Nice App
Nice....
Like
I am giving 3 out of 5 star because Facebook always start with startup its should be start when we have to open Facebook app not auto like. So please fix this.. :@
Very nice place 4 social media marketing.I like best to promote the app here also.
This app is ok
Love it
:D
Perfect !!
Supperb..
I would love it if I could get emojis on the actual update status. There are none at the moment, oy for the Facebook messenger
Awsm....
Why do you need ALL my personal information?!? There is No privacy what so ever. Also I downloaded this app with no trouble, opened it up and it is telling me to uninstall my other apps because Facebook needs All my memory on my phone to work but I downloaded it other day and it was working fine! Please Please Fix. :-(
H a u
nice
Too much
Keep loading and loading stupid
I like Facebook
I LIKE IT SO I GET SEE THE FAMILY AND FRIENDS.
Ohhhh I loveee ittttt
Faster and smarter app
Well,                              so we'll have a look see and th¨¦ real feedback'll seem to be on this app....
Awesome
i love it
So, needful to use friendly versions. Just like whatsApp.
Dr.
Nice
Worked perfectly fine on xperia for me. Love the app
No privacy !
Useful APS..
Liked
Good App.. But need new updates for video streaming
Ya download kyun ho ra pls help me
andal family
T
swami
Very good
Remove the bug
Mearajkhalid like facebook
love it
One
Eats lot of your phone memory
Koky
lots of time not working properly
Slow
Love
The auto play feture (when a video is on your and the video will load and play silently) serious messes with my phone. It completely freezes my app and unless I want to wait two minutes for it to load the video I never even wanted to see, I have to click my home button to bring me to my phones home screen.
Masterpiece
great..
Loyalty points to take a look.
Can't watch videos, the app is behind with posts and bare in mind I'm using an Xperia Z2. W.T.F?
Mahirap gamitin itong app. nato ang tagal mag loading.
Fix this and I'll give 5 stars.. I have a good WiFi connection..
It's glitching a lot. Takes me a while to type a message on there. Please fix.
Still no fix as of 28/8/14!! Possibly Android related fault? But updated phone, Fb vanished and now won't re-install! Unimpressed, :(  Alternatively, add this to the 'messenger' fiasco and I may just finally dump Facebook
Good
Love u fb
Excellent app
Not happy my app disappeared
Loved it

Share MediaShow Caption COLUMNIST 6 tips for Facebook Messenger: Talking Tech  Jefferson Graham, USA TODAY 12 days ago Facebook Twitter Google Plus more LOS ANGELES ¡ª If you've been on social media lately, you've seen the latest grumbling about Facebook: Many in the 1.3 billion Facebook community are upset they can no longer receive their Facebook messages on a mobile phone without first downloading the separate Facebook Messenger app.  I've seen people tell friends not to message them any more because th
Wahhhhhjj
it is okay
Loved it!!!
:3 <3
Radha
I loved it.we CNN chat wt frnds & relatives..
It so good
YOU CAN'T PUT A PRICE ON PRIVACY. PLEASE RESPECT IT.
I lover third app
Verry good soft
Very good...
Very nice and useful
I love it.....tnks
Hate the fact I can only c what Facebook choose for me to c on my news feed. Hate the fact it then adds all the people I have on Facebook to my contact list so the people I want to speak to are buried in a list for 400  people the then adds there birthday to my calendar
Its good but you did not permisen to hove my all contact numabers
No Privacy.  These "smart" phone apps are getting too smart...
God love you all
Since last update am so over freezing as I'm scrolling and all I can do is close. Or it closes itself. Over it!!!!!!
Almost done with Facebook
Wow very nice..
I have a Sony Xperia e1 with 4.4 kitkat and Facebook says incompatible update and my tablet Samsung galaxy tab 3 8.0 running 4.4 kitkat has no problem if fixes then 5 stars
Wonder full app
Facebook is been more and more complicated, they should make it as easy as INSTAGRAM....  FACEBOOK PLEASE MAKE CHANGE
Bring back the facebook chat ... We dont wont the facebook massenger... More color , speed , settings and options
Too bad.
Great
Submit
I love the app and its great to quickly contact and learn new things. The one thing that tends to ruin the whole experience is that on my HTC 310 no videos or photos will show, if this was fixed however I would rate it 5 stars
Liked
The app itself has no problem, the only thing that makes me wonder, why does it need to take take up a large memory. At first you won't have any problem, (up to now I don't have any problems with my memory) but as you use it, the 20MB base memory will suddenly rocket to 80+Mb. I hope they fix this soon.
Come colser
Best
I love it!!!
Videos on fb always stop after 20 seconds of play.. WTF HAPPENED?
Singh
Nice
Why I cannot drag the picture box in changing profile pictures??
Nice
Gay needs a update
nice apps
Good one
Hghjk
This app is awesome
Dapat melihat apa pandangan org ramai dll.good apl.
K R M
N
Ajaymisr
Local app....!!
Crap site
It's very easy..
App will work for a few weeks n then decide to just not load up! Try uninstall so can reinstall but nope doesn't want do that either!! So now stuck with just a grey screen wen u click on the app. Xx
I cant play the videos. Why its like that? Isn't compatible with other mobile phones?
Its goods f b donwload and athor aps chating
better than uc browse fb
facebook
Why won't Facebook upload after phone update
Need a lot of space!
Search the pepole
I hate how this app allows it to use my camera and microphone to see and hear me , it's retarded ...
Awesome app
its a need
goog
i enjoy using it
I can't access my messages because that dumb messenger wanted me to download which I tried once and it slows down my device. the hell.
Not bad
me
nice fb thanks '
Very good
Why i should use the messenger its very bad !! I will give you 1 star and if i can give -1 star i will give it 2 u
Some effin fb developers need to be fired for this.
Every single time I open the app says "setting up Facebook". What the hell is that?...Also my privacy is personal not global.
After reading so many reviews about FB's access to so much personal info on our phones I've decided to uninstall! Most of us spend way too much time on it anyway.
Great app
The permissions are simple. You send pictures, and voice recordings, so those are easy. Contacts because you can send messages to contacts asking them to install messenger, your choice, also explains messaging. All of them are just things you do, posting on your behalf? The widget isn't actually Facebook so it posts for you. Stop being paranoid.
Yang
Good
I am not a labor worker so I'm leaving fb to much advertisement, money for fb on our behalf
Great
Good...
You guys really need to fix this slow application which is lacking so many features!
i cant read comment from my friends in my status..just fix this problem now!! IM REALLY HATE THIS..!
love
Bring back the previous version. We really dont like this one.
Its ok
I like it
Loving it
Tired if the same thing happening.  Cannot scroll down quickly because videos stop you until they load and I am not wanting to view the videos.  Click on a link to an article I want to read, then go back to Facebook, you have to start all over again from the beginning posts which I have already seen. These need to be fixed because they are very frustrating to all of us.  You should be able to fix this with no problems.
Beautiful
Crashes during every use. And very slow up to that point. Using Android tablet.
Wow
Qu¨¦ ha pasado? Tan bien que iba con optimizaciones y ahora todo se ha ralentizado. Sigue teniendo el mismo problema en los eventos: no puedes seleccionar 'maybe' y no puedo organizar mis amigos en mis listas (o crear una nueva). Adem¨¢s demasiado acceso a la info personal, y si queremos poner un l¨ªmite? No os pas¨¦is o eliminaremos la app.
Facebook
Facebook conecting people
The mobile site is better this garbage doesn't even have messaging! I'm not gana have 2 apps for fb I'll just use the browser, that is down right over kill.
Loved it
Why i cant uploaod this facebook? Its an error.
Get rid of the unnecessary permissions. Why do you need to record me and listen to my phone conversations?
Please fix it
Amazing
I uninstalled this application because I don't like the way you force us to use another application. How many applications that we have to install in the future? In addtion, the Facebook message application still doesn't work well.
It is normally very good and fast
Its very use able app
Facebook member
This is landchutt ekdam se khaatam bate download na hot ba hamere mobile me
Fix the bugs
Is excellent
Pintu saini
I cant view my account sometimes whats happening..fixed it please
Videos cut out white I'm watching them and there's constant news feed errors. Not to mention all the ads and random stuff they get thrown in your feed. Needs to be just a simple news feed without the flash.
Love it
Need to improve
I like it
Good
As long as there is life, there is hope. Don't kill yourself.
Super
Why i can't upload videos.. Please help me.. :(
A very good application to talk to your friends and family.
Great update :)
Keeps pausing and then closes the app down??? Never had this problem before the last update
i open my fb I can't see who's online can you fix it it so irritating
Suspicious
I really like Facebook,  but the fact that they have access to so much on my phone is disconcerting.
I cant open this app! I uninstalled it and reinstall but i cant install in again!!! :( there is error reinstalling!!
A good ap but sometime do not response so I have to re-install it
U
Ashok patel
Aplikasi yang harus anda muat turun...
Mnyama
Love it its awesome
iT is gud but not so gud sometime it is sk slow n frustrated. ..
Nice
Good
Masha allah, I was surprised by this number who was downloaded this site. keep continue
Still uncomfortable with the growing permissions list with every update. Facebook doesn't need to read my text messages. It certainly doesn't need access to my camera. Access to private storage? I think not. Facebook does not need direct access to my photo gallery either! MOST of all it certainly shouldn't know when I have take a new pic. People clearly aren't thinking of the privacy intrusion
I like this more,it helps more to share all with all
A680
You banned me for wanting to add people I don't know. I only wanted to see other walks of life and experience cultures I otherwise will never get to experience. I was "pizza face" in high school, a runaway rejected by everyone I knew growing up. When I realized no matter how much I improved my quality of life I will always be the same person to those I felt didn't really know me. Perhaps Facebook is simply not designed for those like me who cares very much for those I knew but I just don't feel good enough
Facebook
Wow it's amazing apps....
I can socialize with friends and family.
My fb settings is missing the option of turning video auto play off.
cool
Good
Nceeee
Good 2 make friend n get nrws
Hi
Just love it
It's good, doing everything but frequent lags of the app. I also do not receive notifications! I have to refresh the notifications myself to be able to receive notifications! Please fix!
Its easy to use and it is so fast...I loved it so much..Thats why i really like it its so fast to use
The best
but i dont want old style
Dara vamsi
Tired of installing, ive tried several times, error occured. It says "incompatible updates" .
It's great.
It's very super version
All internet social networking sites are dumb and infested with people you hate.
Like I said its Facebook they change the app to much to like anything because once you do it changes. However everyone who uses Facebook on their phone is better using this than the mobile web version, unless you have low memory then do not download.
Good
It sucks.
Very fast
Enjoying the application
App unusable. Keeps crashing!
It keeps freezing and kicking me out.  Why!!!!!!!
Pradeep
Gud appl
Very cool app
I use to like facebook but now i feel not save here
Always kicking me off always desiring me to check in and eats my battery
Way too intrusive!  It maybe free to use but at what cost? So advertisers can target you better or apps can spy on you at anytime?  Who knows? But currently there is no clarity or option for us to select the level of permission we want to grant to our personal data and privacy so 1 star from me!!!
Will not play videos properly, slow to load. Sort it out please
Holy shit! Frst of all u need access to all my personal info (even my contacts n camera!), second, I can msg or c my msgs only if I download messenger (u r actually doing that forcibly), n third, this app crashes almost everytime I use it. Fb has become a headache now. Messenger "unfortunately" stops working everytime I use it. Y can't u ppl just let it b simple n accessible?? I m srry, bt I won't allow access to all my personal info. Hope u fix it soon!
Gud
No privacy!
Very good
Fast and awesome
Grt app
Yup
No problem
I am not notified of birthdays, and the loading of pictures is extremely slow. I do appreciate that you added recent posts by others. Please fix.
Book
Joss
Solanki
Mohib
I prefer on pc. .
I enjoyed a lot dosto
Love it
Are driving me to uninstall facebook and its games freezes up like if messages was useing all the power :(
Great
Rockon
It is best app of social networking
i like mo
Azem
time pass
K
Ohsem
I.  Love Facebook
Constantly forces close every 5 min or less and freezes,cant comment or read comments without having to close and reopen several times, never had this problem til recently updated it! I'f isn't fixed soon I will be removing it!!
Awesome
Fynn
Fanntastic
Awesome
Knowledge was too
if Facebook charged just 1 cent to create ur profile it would use 99% of its followers. its sad that humanity has become so dependent on it. if Facebook went down for a day it would be the end of the world
Huh!it always make my Phone lagging.
Loveit.... ;-)
Ok
thank u!!!!!
Very slow and it need to fixed other's wise we had no choice to use this useless app
This app sucks on my galaxy tab 3
So, I have uninstall it and now reinstalled it hoping that the problems of not being able to stay on wifi within the FB posts. Hopefully, I will no longer have any problems with this. I have a Samsung Mega phone. I like to keep in touch with my friends and family.
The app functions smoothly with scrolling, side menus, the works as long as you use cell data and not WiFi. My HSPDA connection seems to go faster than my 100Mb/s WiFi, even though I'm standing right next to the AP. Also, when I click a link related to Facebook on , for instance, Facebook Messanger , I would expect to see the Facebook app as one of the methods to open the link instead of just using one of my browser. Isn't that what the app is for? Removing the need for a browser?
Glourios
Facebook
Running ICS and phone gets DANGEROUSLY HOT when app is open for 5-10 minutes while charging. This is a SERIOUS FIRE HAZARD
I have noticed since the last upgrade that my fb page closes while I'm still on it. I don't know why.  Can you help? Ps: I browse with my Samsung galaxy S4. Thanks.
Nice app
Very very nice
Useful
nice
Samlmmla501@gmall.c
Splendid
I like it too much
Nice time pass
Stoopid
Hmd
Feel free on high goodies
Fast
Honestly, fuck you. What the hell. Why can't I see my messages? Why must I download an entirely separate app when the system worked fine. This app is now almost pointless.
Nice
Screw messenger
SLOW !
Personal information is very personal to everyone. So why u want personal datas
Ahi fg
Freezes up and can't use it!
It is cool
Smart app
good
Good
Nyc
Why you need all my info..too intrusive...!
Nice
Interesting, I have quite a powerhouse smartphone, and Facebook runs way better on the browser than the app. I mean the speed difference is obvious, and on the browser you can actually see the messages without installing an extra app.  Plus I can install plugins on the browser that makes it less possible for Facebook to spy on me. And the app is huge and takes tons of resources.  So, removing app. I mean what is the point? Perhaps you should do the same?
Suri
Ezz
It consume twice its size of data on download and put a heavy load on RAM, WHY IS THAT..
Thats love
O just love facebook

Palat
One world app fb
Great
Awsi app
It's a great app with minimal bugs. But the whole privacy thing gets to me. I understand it's for marketing and protection purposes for people purchasing illegal items on Facebook but it wouldn't be hard for someone to compromise the firewall and access a person's personal information.
919
For better communication it is excellent
With fob super fast internet
hi it is good
Good one
941

Facebook you can go fu.k yourself if you think I'll be downloading the new messenger
awsm........
Is the best
Like
Great
Worst of all time
Loving it
Constantly close out before it does anything.
nice
Ganesh
EVERY social media app asks for the same permissions Facebook asks for. It HAS to ask to access your pics and camera to posts photos. It HAS to ask to access your contacts because you can make phone calls on it now. It HAS to ask to access your Mic to send voice recording. Twitter asks for a lot of these permissions. To does tumblr, vine, etc. If an app doesn't ask for permission to use your phone's hardware, then it can't do things like posts photos, videos, etc. Educate yourself.
When i go to my more settings and click most recent, my notifications, friend requests and message bar goes away? I've never once had any issue with it being there and I loved it that way. I also noticed that I no longer can see my online friends and favorites unless I'm under my more settings. I have an android and as I said never had an issue til now. I've restarted my phone and tried redownloading the app. Still nothing. Help? Fix? Something?
No contacts sync option
Very lag and picture cant load
Else everything is good. But the app size after installing is very huge. And it consumes a hell lot of RAM.
Bunch of control freaks why is all I have to say
Just no.
A
Facebook download
Like this email and password below for more information on the way in a new one by a team
Privacy!
I want to know that there r many people show/send dirty pic. There r many adult profile in it. Then why they r not blocking these profile of other people.
It
In this new version i hv a big problem, when i touch on its icon it just stuck and after some time it shows force close or report option.. and again the app closed
Good one.......
Wow just scrolling through some of these comments. You guys are loathed!! I think HPV is liked more than you guys. You all better do something. I understand some of the outrage over the permissions is a bit exaggerated and misunderstood as far as what they do actually (calling people, taking pics & videos on your behalf, etc lol... it doesn't) but still you all need to do something quick. Oh yeah, I too, can't stand Facebook Messenger being a separate app. Got to be the worst idea since XFL Football.
i didn't  getting notifications when data is on
Facebook
Gopal chetry
My fb videos not work plz do something
This is one thing you NEED to listen to the users on. MAKE RECENT POSTS DEFAULT!!!!!
Gd
This app is not build for low end mobile phones...
Can't get messages with out the messenger app.. sucks!!
Perfection. Sn bish its arrd tho
I don't agree to your permission demands.  Let us choose what permissions you are granted.
'
Hang problem
This is just a good app. Messages sent to me goes through the notifications. But there's a bit slow of loading pictures even when the wifi is fast . But anyway this is good.
1234
U really screwed up this time,  how are you going to make use download an app to do something y'all already were doing,  smdh really disappointed y'all would get zero stars if that was an option!
Best
Yo yo monu sing
Very good apps ckckkck
A
Facebook
Excellent
Since the last update the app keeps freezing and closing and then trying to reload on Android. Not good!
Just
Great for uploading photos and communicating quickly. People CHILL OUT ABOUT THE PERMISSIONS. IT'S SO YOU CAN DO MORE WITH THE APP. NO ONE CARES WHAT YOU'RE DOING. NO ONE AT ALL CARES. you think they're listening in your mic? Why. Better yet, if the feds wanted to, THEY CAN DO IT ANYWAYS WITHOUT THIS APP
I updated this app and now it won't stay open for me it keeps crashing. I am hoping that this will get fixed. Soon!
why  im log out automatically
You aint spying on me. Too many permissions on this app. Deleted messenger & this
Its soooo slow omg n takes so much memory ugh fix it please. And why the need to get all my info. ..
this app force closes a lot and when it force closes it creates a lag in my phone performance for about a 20 seconds and just the fact that this is one of the biggest apps on my phone i expect it to work better than it does at this moment
Super
Good just sometimes logs me out
I cant see my news feed.
Facebook
Drains out battery n slows dwn phone!!
Facebook isn't good
Nice app
My phone to slow when I open this application. don't know why?
Fucken piece of crap always screwing up and freezing
1. Doesn't update # of likes & comments, have to click on pic/post to see actual #s. 2."Most Recent" doesn't stick. 3. App takes too long to open up after update. 4. Once I hide story/post, it doesn't stay hidden. Please fix!!
awesome
Looks good
8.10.1986
Mast jabsrdast
good
I can't see the happening for that day.I can' t download it.
This app is really very nice
Heartbleed exploit
it's okay but sometimes it logs -_- i hate it. can you guys fix it ?
friend
Very awsome
Seriously why do u need to see all my pics and files and stuff where's the privacy
sagar
I cant open my acc0unt
It always start problem sometimes cause of the people
Nothing is working right! Videos not loading and is keeps on crashing! Thanks! (THAT WAS SARCASM)
Deleting the message thingy, I'll use my emails and Skype or whatever
It wont download
Made world as a global village..great salute mr mark zuckerberg
The new update is great.. The save optn is jst amazng.. Keep it up..impressed:))
Ok
Khandyse
Well, I'm just starting...let you know how it's going...really like winning..I'll never stop..If i didn't like playing...lol..i won't...lol..seya...
Love this app.

Very good
Well goood app bt nt installed in my phone
I have to download Facebook messenger to be able to chat with people and all the bugs all over this thing...to hell with this!!!
Merhaba
Facebook is Fantastic. I LOVE FACEBOOK.
Nyc
I liked it
Notification doesn't works. High memory usage. Lots of permission. Worst app than any social networking apps. 
woowwwww
why you want all information about contacts massages all personal things plz dont use this app its dangerous
it won't install please help
Why u need my personal information... like.. Contacts massages... Its not fair
Useful sometimes but they benefit more by having all our info
App shuts it self down for no reason. Reported problem and still not fixed and no response.
Try it . . .
Thank
Love/ hate relationship
Love love lovee it
Very good app
Hiii
Chinna
I shouldn't have to download an app to talk with friends and take a way the permission it is a vilation of  privacy
I like it bacus i chat with my freinds its cool*
I dont want give it access.to any of my personnel data
I love this app
PRADNYESH
Couldn't live without it :)
Happy
With Alyssa
Fantastic. App
Not a fan of the never ending spam
Love it
This app is really really really really bug infested.. It keeps freezing up on me..
Have to download separate messenger for msg
Why the hell do i need to download messenger?
Lion
Good
Why that word appear when im downloading this app please fix it ok
Good App
Wosm use it ameging feature
Very eazy. To use

It eats too much of ram!!
It's ok but it needs updateed always and takes a long time to load. Freezes up all the time. It also takes up too much memory. It kinda sucks but good to use at times.
Cant sent file
Nice
Grt
Like it!
I won't install thenew messenger so now l can't send one to anyone. I hate all of these so called improvements and really question if there's any reason to keep FB altogether.
Best best.
Like
If I could rate u 0 stars I would facebook sucks I'm thinking about deactivating mine for good the update is horrible
Andry

Najwa
ihate it so much!!!
Please add an option to reposition the cover photo, I have noticed that the cover photo which looks great on the phone does not on pc, due to the positioning, so please add that
no privacy? whats happening!
If it is going to be used for a good purpose as promoting an interesting site it goes a long way
Awsome..
Its so useful to me and may be all.
Access to everything?? My Mom doesn't have this much access. And I'm not related to you, Facebook. I don't need this much access to you. So Facebook, you leave me with no choice.
Very very good for handling us
Why to get messenger?u can include messenger feachers in app even........
What??!!! it Won't Open
Oscar martinez
Terima Kasih Banyak
Roldan
Nice app
Best
Great
I get the spinning wheel of death nothing will load since update....I can finally get fb to load as long as I'm not using WiFi if I use my WiFi pictures will not load please fix
Hum
Hai
don't know why people even rated it..  bad app. not able to upload the images. Response is pathetically low. only Notification of the app is working fine. complete crap i should say. can't understand why makers of this app are not getting it improved.  every time i download the app and every time i have to uninstall the app  due to its poor working. 1 Rating for the Notification part. why the developers are not even bothering to improve the quality of this app..
On android..
It's facebook.
What the hell face book app sucks it gets more bugs with every new update
Every time I play a video it freezes, forcing us to use messenger is stupid, y'all don't need access to all of my information, read other reviews...this is not a good app. This app needs some fixing or its gonna get some deleting.
Best
Why do you guys need all this information about us...... This is really ridiculous. I will delete my whole Facebook. Facebook sucks anyway!!
Do not recommend .
Excellent app. For subconscious surveillance you really have to commend the forces that be for putting so much info gathering abilities into a device that everyone wants and needs AND WE PAY FOR IT!! BOY AM I GLAD THEY ARE ON OUR SIDE!
Faster
It is so inconvenient going back and forth from fb to fb messenger only to send or reply a message to someone, this is annoying. Please do not move messaging to  fb messenger. Installing fb messenger will only consume additional resource in my phone. Leave fb messenger to those who only want it.
Good go oooo oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooood
Why does it lag so much when scrolling?
Sitaji
Overall use of the app is good and works well (other than video playback could be improved) but whats with wanting everything on my device?!?! Surely under human rights laws we have a right to safety and privacy which this app (inc. Messenger) doesn't allow us to have!! A disgrace and against the law if you ask me :/
Takes up lots of space and on top of that you have to have messenger??/ I remember back in march I could have this messenger and instagram!!!!! Now I barely have room for messenger
Super nice app.
Exellent
Its okay ... a lot of privacy permissions needed..
You need to fix problems first before updateing
Dacua
To avoid the Privacy issue related to Messenger, download appdroid, then download Puffin web browser, you will be able to receive and send messages the same as if you were on Facebook on your computer, without all the messenger privacy issues.
The app design is good with a clean user interface and fluid operation. However, on low-end devices such as mine, scrolling may stutter, especially when browsing the News feed. Hence I give it 4 stars, regarding its ability to maintain a crash-free experience on my outdated device.
Kool
Meh
Thanks for made it.
oh good easily I can use fb here..
Garbage.
u
Cool
Oooo
Thanks
NicE
Amazing App!!!!
Bn

I had to delete the app because everytime I would click on-the-job icon it would log me out&take me back to my homescreen
Munna khan
This was a great idea to find out WHOS doing what and WHO's NOT DOIN !!!
Uninstalled both messenger and the main app. I want my privacy closed. I choose to browse on the browser rather than using the app.
Thanks
I just had all my personal info hacked from all my accounts even my MySpace account that i dont even remember the email or password to. Someone took a picture of me off my cell from another device and created a videos of me that was xxx rated so they can scam me into giving them money so they would delete it or send it to my family friends all my bosses and companys plus my school too. I am not having to pay for idenity protection because they were able to acess all my information using the URL address&code
Why do you need all my freaking personal info? God is nothing sacred anymore?  I'm officially deleting my Facebook account
FACEBOOK
Kkkk
I NEED IT
Stupid app
Best
some people think Facebook has nothing but drama I think you can use it as learning if you know how to its not hard! You can find so many different things!
waste tooo slow
Awsome
:
ALWAYS FORCE CLOSED!!!!!
Micromax canves Turbo..                  Fb is very useful app...     I like it
Arbaz.
Sangat baik
Messages
I enjoy the social interaction.
App is fine I just don't like your access to my personal info.
Good
Why do you need to access my calendar,my camera,microphone and access more in my phone?! Just by installing this crappy app? Be careful everyone facebook is spying on you.read the permissions you are giving away before installing. I uninstalled my facebook and messenger app the moment i read the permissions. I cant have facebook snoop my private information on my phone! This needs to  be reported. How much do you get for stealing other people's private information?
Asap kematian
I no longer can view my private messages without installing a different app.  Please fix so I can read and respond to my messages again!!!
Need a lot of work
Im a facebook freak
Great
My phone always lag.. pls fix it
Downloaded app size: about 20MBs. After installation: 27MBs. After login: 67MBs!!!?... I don't have a considerable amount of internal storage in my phone and having an app that occupies almost 70MBs on your phone (still can't be moved to SD) is something that I don't like... And now I have to download 30MBs more to use the chat?!!! That, by the way, was working just fine inside the main app!!!... I understand that some people uses Facebook to talk more than posting stuff... But this crazy!
You only need access to ppl that i'm synced with on Facebook anything else I consider a violation of my privacy
Myself an only myself that's all I give, an GOD is first family second.
Amezing
I hate messenger.
F Facebook and the control they are trying to have over all our personal info
Fine
Thunder
Love whatsup
Awesome application
Website

The reason Facebook needs your permission to enter your camera, texts, and all that is because of the share button that's everywhere.  Honestly guys...  Stop thinking you're important enough for anybody to even care to spy on you.  You're not that interesting. And you're stupid.
Why does facebook need access to my entire phone. At least explain why the privacy requirements exist
very friendly
I like it
The best Google
This latest update is crap. Videos don't play, it's so slow scrolling and then force closes. Too many bugs and I'm sick of filling out a report when it doesn't get fixed.
why does it keep spamming people its so annoying
Not downloading in Xperia e1 after downloading the android 4.4
I keep fb so I can keep in touch with over seas, friends. now they want to watch me whenever doing  whatever? no just no not acceptable.
HANIFMOHAMMED456
I prefer desktop version though. Way faster :)
None of the videos that show up on my feed work, none play automatically nor by choosing to play the video all I get is a (sorry an unknown issue error message)
really want to rate it a -10.
bafi
It very good
I loved
Great app
It's pretty fun I guess
Superb
It keeps freezing up, and what's up with having to know all my personal information?? UNINSTALLED
cool¡ï¡ï
I just can't download Facebook again... no privacy. It's ridiculous and disappointing.
I refuse to use messenger. Why would you need all my info, especially when I don't have a lot of info for a reason. FB is enabling stalkers to track ppl.
Facebook Sucks Real Sh*t It Loads To Freaking Slow, And Wont Let Me Read My Messeges Unless I Install Messenger, Smfh!! Hate Itttt :((
Why is this not illegal.
It mast more faster
Very nice apps
Its wonderful n fun been here
Ok
Liked it...
Sorry,  but I just uninstalled facebook from my phone for my security.  I dont want anyone spying on me or trying to control what I do!
Life
Good
Doesn't work. One of androids worst apps.
Gud relations
It took me awhile to update and I'm mad i did!! Every since I updated the app always freezes or closes up plz plz fix becuz I'm ready to go back to the old version smh!!!
Forget this app ...and videos won't load
Facebook is cool and all but, this app is a sad excuse...period.
would be nice if I  could save ft photos to my tablet
No vale verga porque se reinicia sola la app y no vale verga mark y ninguno de sus desarolladores no vale verga nadie me ire a suicidar bye
I realy like it so much
If I'm reading the stories in the news feed, DO NOT take me to the top automatically. It's not convenient, it's aggravating as hell. Like someone closed your book and lost your spot. I'm about to uninstall and be anti-social.
Good.
It is good  app for update with universe.
Why we cant share a post to friend's personal inbox in FB apps. Why we only can share to own wall,friend's wall,a group page and own group only? Why why why? Why it not like the FB in the browser. I waiting this apps to fix this imperfection since 2yr+ ago.. disappointed!
I used this app for really long until recently Facebook started forcing to use messenger. Also to be noted that after the Major change of layout few months back the app user friendlies got raped :@
A lot of videos on Facebook won't load for me,I have good network connection yet it doesn't let me watch them cause an error occurs, please fix
Since fb updated it'll freeze while im scrolling through. Fix soon or I'm deleting.
Djokarto
noryanie
Why "fix" whats not broken. Last update is terrible. Can't easily view most recent stories, cant post on other peoples walls......not to mention the permission to access everything 
I can't think of a better way to keep up with friends and family!!
No comnts
Very good
It's good aplication
Not giving you the rights to all my information etc. This is nuts. I have deleted all apps that need all of the access. It crazy, wake up people!
Nice
I love fb
its ok
WTF @ permissions
I loved it
Can't see videos since downloaded
We should be able to accept what privacy settings we are ok with. I am NOT ok with how fb can access basically everything on my phone when its not even necessary!
good
Good very good
It it's ight
*-*
Be socialise
It shows connection problem ...
nice
Fb
Good
Loses connection after ~30 seconds. Tried  Wifi and 4G. When same video link accessed via Facebook on Chrome, no problem viewing video on Wifi or 4G.
DDPatil
Love it
This app is okay.
HORRIBLE CANT LOG IN WITHOUT SORRY YOUR EMAIL IS INCORRCT
Verry yes
its vvv nice app & social app is good according to me
Don't update!!
Torii
Wow is so good and awesome..
Namaste
fjjjvv.346@gmail.cim
Be a happy family.
The messenger app is bs, next time you'll want our first born with it.
It's great
Why force account holders to use the messenger app when we do not want the app? Why fix something when it's not broken? I am still ready to uninstall all apps related to facebook.
Fast
Why does my videos at starting automatically on Facebook is like I am looking at my news feed and some one put a video on is gona start it automatically why ? i only have 1gb of internet and after only 10 days I have like 200mb left Facebook please sort this out
Best
5star for the hate not love
A some
Requires too much personal information. I like Facebook but I enjoy my privacy, please and thank you.
Still good
I love you Facebook
This Sucks ^      cant download Facebook massagers and its sayings I have to buy it from Google play. Llike I cant download anything that has to do with facebook
You need to add games to it like criminal case and I'll give you 5 stars
Pretty darn good.
Had to reinstall again.  Seriously fix it. Should not have to do this every couple days and why do you need all info seriously fix that too
Absolutly no privacy
I miss you
I cannot believe the access this app gives to our personal lifes no wonder ppl get hacked constantly you have everyones identity and everything that goes with it and I cant upload videos for my family to see without this stupid app what a joke
Nice and cool app
Have to have messager to messge people
What happened to facebook now? I hate the new settings. Your new updates. I hate messenger in fb. I installed it and uninstall it. There are many issues in fb that needs to be fixed. It stops, it hangs, it is slow now. The previous one is better. I think fb admins are bored and doing things they thought is better. I hate it now. The privacy issue... pls fix.
Thanks for the upgrades.
I don't like the fact that I'm given away all of my rights
Best
The app Constantly starts the feed list from the beginning, causing me to scroll through the feed list again. This new feed list is different than the last! I just want it to be easy to Continue from the last time and see everything on my feed!
Eat a dick
Excelent
Lale xham fare mo na rruni bolet po hecni :p
Cooll
Ol
Why do u need to know all my info?
I don't want facebook messenger & now it won't allow me to see or send any messages without installing it. I will be uninstalling facebook all together.
Its mprtnt
not bug fixes update . my phone huawei g510-0010 & can't open video and downloading. repair next update
To post pictures and videos to my family and friends
I <3 facebook
Uses my camera records and uses microphone without your confirmation
Ok
The app isn't sufficient
Good
Latest update sucks! Freezes, videos stop playing, delayed typing, it doesn't scroll smoothly. Horrible!!
Deleted facebook and messenger app, because apparently they have access to everything on my phone which im not cool with, until they change that im never downloading it again!!
Are you guys removing my reviews? My phone is actually a lot slower with the app open, I'm guessing its collecting all my data.
Finally loved it
You guys are going to far with this app  ! Where's the old facebook  ? 
Nice
Bangla desh
It helps a lot to meet known persons who stay abroad
Keeps crashing. Fix it!
I would like the option to put my news feed in order...so dumb how it's mixed up and i see the same things everday day. I wanna see the most recent posts.
Why I can't update to version 8 it still on version 7 , Please release update to version 8 and add feature comment with photo too ><
Love
yeah just ok
Love this app
Awful all the permissions asked
..every time I open Facebook, it says "unfortunitly, Facebook has stop" what does it mean, and how can use Facebook with did problem.. pls help..
I am massively disappointed to move the messaging to a privacy-breaching app. Also, I turned vibrations off for fb notifications but i still got vibrations for notifications. I decided to turn all notifications off as a result.
It work as need it...
I personally dont like how I HAVE to download facebook messenger to see my messages. What happened to everything being private ?
I LOVE IT
Force users to install Facebook messengers in order to use function originally from Facebook app, too memory demanding in background and in foreground
I can't live without fb
ONE STAR. BECAUSE OF FB APP AND THIS MESSENGER . BIG MB
Excellent
Love it.
The Facebook app use to be great, but now it's not. The reason why is because when I try to look through my news feed it takes me all the way to the top. Then I can't find what I was looking at it's very annoying.
Seems to have an issue with how likes and comments are displayed on news feed. The text is running together. Also can't play vids as there is always some sort of error.

Lost of many ram for this
Hmmm
New generation
uses to much memory. and other stuff -.-
WAY TO MANY GRANTED PRIVILEGES REQUIRED... You DO NOT need to know my calender events and/or especially my confidential info from my calender, and you CAN NOT send emails from me without my knowledge, and you DO NOT need to read my sms msgs. And you, Facebook, are try to shove this crap down our throats, all while trying to shove a seperate mesenger app down our throats too with the same over forced privilege permissions.
I had friends that lived far away and with this awesome app I can now talk to them. (I didn't see my friends for 4 years ) and now I can talk to them every day. Facebook is awesome
Want the ability to set most recent posts as default newsfeed view, in fact, why not just scrap 'top stories' seems that no one wants it tbh...
Get to go around the world
You people try to make people use the messenger app and we don't want to
I updated this hoping it would be a better update but I am unable to watch videos on my phone now
It needs more protection for those who are trying to have a family with connection with their family I've tried having a account with mine and it  got hack within 24hours
I don't want what you think I want to see Facebook. I want what I want to see, which is the most recent posts. Put the option back on the main tab. It's ridiculous that I have to go to feeds for it.
Ty
Crap crap more crap
Enformedable; Very!
Why does a crappy phone have the option to reply to comments but my note 2 does not???
It keeps crashing on me please fix it
I love facebook but there is no reason for it to be going threw my pictures text messages call log and a lot of other things.  Unstalling I can just get on the Internet amd go to facebook. U can also view messages that way too.
On it all the time
It use too much space . Please fix it . Ty .
Because it hanging
Josh
I always get kicked out when im trying to log in,it runs  slows &says fb not responding!!!
It is a best app ever for android version even I have installed install it now..
Dear darling plzzzzz
I JUST WANT TO DO WHAT I WANT WITHOUT BEING WATCHED
Don't download it skys on u badly
So because I dont have messenger I cant read my messages? Im about to uninstall everything. ...
Gorgeous
I love it its fun great way to talk to your friends if u haven't seen them in a month or what ever but can u add like something that u can see your friends like Skype but on facebook to see your friends on android please and thank u
The ui feels unnatural, the top stories default is annoying, the lack of privacy is completely unacceptable, and forcing me to download messenger was ridiculous. Uninstalling.
I can't download it!!!!
Great app
I hate that "Top Stories" is default rather than "Most Recent" and it's unable to switch defaults.
good
Love it
But it make's me Happy Better than Old Version
Please fix everything I uploaded it anyone else tells me "just now"
Oke like this
Awsome!!!!!
Uses up to much memory in the new update can we uses less memory plz that will be grate
Still hate facebook
Thanks a lot Facebook for taking away all of my privacy rights. You do NOT need all of that. Uninstall!
Will no longer use this app, there is no privacy at all
Cant see most recent posts i can only see past posts
Why do you need my personal information?? That is none of your concern. Where is my privacy
I can't install it to my phone galaxy s2 plus
Go back to the old Facebook. I want more privacy.
Sure yall have had our info for awhile now, but do you seriously need to use our cameras and microphone?  I see you are now working for the NSA.
Fast loading!!!! Quick right to my wall!!!! Please fix my app is not allowing me to watch videos ppl post. Also everytime I comment on a post a post follows mine giving a date as its comment Dec 31 1969 Why?
I just forgot my instagram password:-(
It' link to connect social
Always force close!
Jadikan layanan sosial penyebar kebaikan
love it everyone should have it :-* :-)
I love Facebook...but this new version isn't giving me my notifications when I first actually get them. I would get the notification like, an hour later. Please fix this?
Love facebook HATE messenger
New permissions eh? Oh, you it wants to be able to read my SMS messages now? Why? Oh it wants to read confidential information from my phone memory? Suuuuuuuuuure. It's not paranoia if they're out to get you.
It's right at my finger tip
Too much problems and too slow update
No fb any time of
I dont want to install fb messenger!!!
I don't want Facebook messenger.. I don't want to download some app to be able to talk to my friends and the fact that it can view all of my data... no fuc that!!!!!
Can't load pictures, all look blurry.
(Y)
It keeps crashing,  4 times in one hour on my phone and on computer
Realy i love it
i just live Facebook..
Doesnt allow me to customize my privacy for each posts.  The desktop version has settings in place, but they dont carry over into the mobile app version.
So all of a sudden, the app likes to force-close when I try to add a picture comment.
I just dont like how it looks
I only install it to upload a quick video for my friends and family. I hate this app.
A very good apk.....full package.
I super Love this app, it makes may day borddamn to happy .
Just love it
Nice
Intail
Do not force messenger
#ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooookillllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllemmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
It's an awesome way to keep in touch with friends, I just don't like the lack of privacy by the people who created it.
Great product
I do not appreciate my liberties being removed.  If I do not want to install the Facebook messenger app I will not.  And now I have a mind to unintelligible this app as well
I love face book i want it to be updated
They want so much of your personal information, and for what? No thanks!! That's why I DELETED everything Facebook from my life.. So F Facebook!!
Awsome
Privacy is being hacked.. specially the messenger app
right or right
Slower than before. Why???
Privacy issues ruin the app, but the mobile site is so bad you just have to use the app.
What the problem? :(
Me
Every time..  I log in...  I'm logged in for a short moment..  and then bam..  Session Expired..  then I have to log back in
They dont need access to my history or contacts stalkers
Very good
Slower than before. Why???
Awesome
cunok
It's good media to connect people
They are taking ALL of our privacy away!
Keep saying insufficient storage when I have plenty of space both on my sd and internal storage
Dnt like
It goes Slow and It shows me updates from like 3months ago!
Guys wakeup!!! Facebook has been stalkng you this whole time... my advice is just use facrbook in your browser and use a protective one like cm browser(im not advertising just telling the truth) and turn on all its security functions to disable facebook to liok in your whole phone's content...
Lumayan
Yusuf  ali
I like this facebook because so fast everytime I used it.tnx
Its really unnecessary that FACEBOOK NEEEDS personal info. Not right at all.
Keeps force closing, and sometimes it'll just boot me off of it...won't let me open my messages, until I download messenger!
this  app worked perfectly i had no troubles with ot or downloading it
Love it
Why do you need to have access to all my info.....its not going to happen...bye bye
facebook is awesomeee and this app makes it so much easier than the internet site on your phone
Always freezing up my phone
Keeps saying I need to download the messenger app to view my messages when I dont want to download the messenger app
Keep me busy
Social network
Privacy please.
.
Lovely
The fact that I can still post even if I am offline
As seen on the desktop version,  there is the ability to ask an question/poll, and it isn't there.  It would be nice if you guys added thia feature.
Alive
Thanks for being just terrible for watching videos.
Force closes constantly. Needs to be fixed!!
shareef shahla
great way of comunication
This is app good....this app very stuck for nokia,lenovo....but xpria no stuck!!! Hahaha xpria very2 good in the world...yes!yes!yes! Danial bryan....wwe
Since it force me to install messenger, i chose to uninstall this apps, I keep it simple by opening it via mobile browser. Not a very nice move dev.
Fb is only good to promote my stuff. When I find another way to promote then fb is history.  Who ever uses fb now days to just communicate needs there head tested! Fb is a mess and always will be.  Im only gonna use the browser mobile facebook from now on. Then that way u dont abuse my phone privacy with all the permisions and u dont waste my battery . FB ur goin down hill fast
Now keeps forcing close, 1st problem ive had in a long time. Back to 5 stars when fixed
When I do upload pics as n status.... on status description shows no pics. Also if willing to upload on my page first I have to upload on profile then have to share on page. It's too annoying fix it please
I have no privacy what so ever
I just want to say that I like it
It's good I mean but why do it give old post
Loved it
No sirve,es muy lenta
Cool
Poor application...i hate bad now,has brought new updates which don't respect standards of personal choice ,example ,the messenger application which has become obligation to all Facebook users,i hate Facebook today ,i'll hate it tomorrow ,i'll hate for ever...
Just use the web
i think FB need more  fix  specialy in the search mode and the look is to ugly
Don't force us to install your facebook messenger if we don't need it. Clean your permissions as well
Its really good
Keep up the good work Facebook.
Good user friendly
Its awesome!!!!!
Preaty good
Great way to communicate with friends and family that don't live near you
Bring back the built in messenger for this app and its bit laggy
Everytime that I open facebook app doesn't work because "Facebook is not responding".
I dont get why Facebook needs access to basically my WHOLE LIFE. This is just crazyyyyy ! I will not be using any of Facebook's apps anymore.
The app doesn't load them new feeds when connected through wireless but send me notification which I can't open using wireless connection but the when using mobile data everything is ok so I need realy ur help btw, my mobile is samsung core
facebook is a very good app
Some time it's quite slow in updating new Feeds
Suxxxxxxxx keeps freezing
So slow...  take pic call ect so bad.. if i could i wouldn't give any star for this app

Now I can't chat with my friends without facebook messenger.
untuk selamanya..
Good app
Good
To invasion of privacy
Brilliant app a must have. five stars from me
its always something
Social site
Besides going and getting into all of your personal files and calls it's okay
Constantly reverting to Top Stories instead of Most Recent, while Most Recent is now tucked away somewhere else, and Messages moved to a separate app. Hate it all.
good entertiner very use full
Facebook is doing well
I hate that you can't see your messages without using Facebook Messenger. I do not like the fact that this app requires a lot of personal information along with using my messages,photos, and contacts. Facebook was created to connect with friends and family at least that's what I thought. Why is a password required if Facebook can snoop around in your business. Thus update is absolute disaster!!!
This is a very buggy app. It quite often freezes my photo and slows it down. It sometimes just goes black when I open it too.  unfortunately, I am a Facebook addict and the Facebook site is worse on the browser on my phone.
Very good and fast
Hi
Lets start a movement! Demand that we can be able to use the default app for messaging! Please bring back the option to message in the default application. There is no need for this app. It takes up valuable space on the device!
99
Allways Lost The Conection.. S**TBOOK
They dont need all these personal permissions to snoop on people.
Ok
I like
Coo
It is enough 1 star ! If possible i hive you no star, because you need access my data !
Many are disappointed...
I can not use this on my phone SONY XPERIA
awsome
I loved very much fb.
I got lots of my old frnds bcoz of fb
I'm sticking to Fast for Facebook, and I'm encouraging everyone else to as well. This is WAY too invasive. Shame on you.
Has anyone seen the permissions of this app. I didnt see it untill now. Uninstalled and never installin again!  People please check the permisions
Okay
This it's suck FB
Best way to find old friends make new ones and keep in touch.
Very Fast Facebook :D
Facbook
Lammi
Do you really need access to my personal information and why do we need install a separate app for only messenger? B.S.
Facebook very good
Female one little boy Oliver
Good
Fast and easy

Good interface.
Nunca he tenido ning¨²n problema con la aplicaci¨®n, navegar en ella es muy f¨¢cil. Recomendad¨ªsima.
Great
Classified
Really you can't delete facebook now?
Facebook has blocked me out of my own account. It will not text the code I need to my cell phone  to change my password in order to get into my account. There is absolutely no way of contacting them and getting this problem resolved as they have blocked me from my account from trying so many times!!!! Not happy at all!!!
Gud
Get rid of the messanger app and bring it back to the facebook app. Do you guys realize how big the fb app is and how much space it takes up and now ppl r forced to download the messanger. Well I didnt and I won't especially since the word is out that facebook can control phones that way... the fb app itself sucks, Constantly crashes, freezes, adds ppl to my friends that I dont even know! Unlikes something that i just liked. It sux! Fix it and I might give a higher rating!
Total crap
Ho
Instead of having an option to install messenger now we're forced to install....removing the app then sticking to the browser waste of memory & space now
Mandatory to be installed on mobile!
I can't use it every time. Try to go on it telling me  it stop work
Bwisit.....
Access privacy that's all.
I like it
Love it
since the last time i updated this app i encounter errors like when i want to see new news feed it just display what was the last news feed displayed, when i log out too, i thought I've log outed but when i open this app my fb account is still open and this app will not work so i uninstall it then install again but if i install it, again same problem,  please tell me whats wrong? i very like fb but this app?hmmp.tsk.tsk
And too many "Facebook is not responding, would you like to close it" crap.
cool
Enjoy with ur frends
Ati depasit bunul simt cu memoria telefonului, ocupa mult!
It's already bad enough that I had to download that messenger app; now if I wanted to like something on my time line I can't do that. Apparently I'm blocked from liking a friend's post.....I'm just going to uninstall this app and the messenger app...done!
Its really not downloading on my phone
Everyone is right the permissions is a little ridiculous.. If they are asking the app to have these permissions imagine what they do with the account you have with them
The update has been complete sh*t! All my personal info and not including its constantly freezing and restarting itself! You guys have gone to junk.
Why does it have to take up so much storage space? And the news feed is messed up as it doesn't show the newest updates first.
It sucks .. why keep updating the them for ? .. n tha fact that it can get into ur phone n Read message call people w/o our knowledge .. yea no like
Always. Great
Facebook
Nice
Are you selling our information then Facebook? :s you dont need access to my phone calls! Fgs. Sort it out, good god.
Taking up too much space. Serious privacy issues!!
Loved it
I hate to be so negative, but there is so many things wrong with Facebook now. Crashing, glitching, no MESSAGES.
Can't you guys just use the messaging in in the app instead of making us cycle between two apps?  I refuse to download messenger. So every 5 days or so I have to uninstall and reinstall to get the messages to work without your little message coming up that you are moving the messaging to an app so that it works better.  IT HAS WORKED GREAT THIS WHOLE  TIME!  DON'T FIX WHAT ISN'T BROKEN!  I've been looking for a reason to leave facebook, this is it.
I love facebook
It seems to faster
It was too slow
I love it cause it easier to use the app then going on web to sign in
locks phone up and will not update... have to keep reinstalling app...
Still 4 star's bcou to many use fon memory...
This fb aplication is sheeet
Can't watch videos since your last update, I click on the video and audio will play but all I can "see" is the original thumbnail of the video! Please fix this issue! As well, privacy, do you need to access my entire phone? Location settings I can agree with yet somehow I feel it prying to demand for my contacts etc. Please reduce amount of access "needed" by this app into my phone and those of all users! New trend, secrecy, try that one on for size and leave well enough alone already.
Love Facebook.its a great way to see what's going on with family and friends
Lodes pritty slow but its Facebook
Now you cant chat with the facebook , you have to download facebook messanger. If you dont add it again the chating , i will not rate 5 stars !
Why you need my personal infos?????
None of the videos play since the update
Change messenger back
It freezes. When I'm trying to upload a pic it shuts down and so much more it's really crappy!!!
With the recently new Facebook update, my Newsfeed is one day old 
Cool
facebook
khan
Ala'a Bakir
If you jackasses don't like it then delete it. Go back to myspace
Why do I need to have two apps for one service?
Best
Facebook is amazing everyone install this app
quick & easy.
Samsung3mini
Good
It ain't downloading -.-
It is super fast!
I love Facebook because ,I can get on it and see my friends and family
Anuragi
Very intrusive, should not need access to all of my information. I'm extremely displeased with this app overall
Allways freezing..it sucks..it boring
Great but can do better
Soo good
Must need update in that because I can't see the images in high quality.
It's ok if no one it on it and mess it up on u
Very nice
77430 Jessica men¨¦ndez     ica,,mendez
Awsome u dont need credit soo good
nyce improvement
Everytime i try and download facebook it tells me Invalied url how do I fix it please
Prost!
Intermittently freezes. Closing app and restarting it doesn't help. Have to restart phone. All other apps and functions working fine. Happened on my new LG G3 and on my old Nexus 5. I don't think Facebook likes Kit Kat.
Facebook
Not too bad
The only thing good is staying in touch with family!
Facebook has suddenly stopped working with my home wifi!
"Unable to record audio" Fix & I Will Rate Higher.
This app is awsome!  I have MS. This has helped stay in contact with my family & friends all over the world!  Have son in chilie. Daughter in colorado. Most of relitives in California.  Thanks!  Facebook.
After a few minutes it kicks you out for no reason...  FIX SOON PLZ!!!
I really love injustice my favorite game
Ali romi
Good as we all know
Enough already
Your all stupid.  More apps than fb ask for this information and you give it a click without reading.  If this hadn't been posted on the news you wouldn't even know anything about phone privacy settings.  I've had fb and fb messenger since release.  Both 5*.
I am not to happy with the last 2 updates. Facebook will freeze up completely and the only way for it to work properly is to restart my whole phone. None of my other apps do this at all so I know it's not my phone. Just facebook.... or it will close automatically. .. again none of my other apps have this issue... get your stuff right facebook people....
This app is complete s*** every time I load it up nothing happens except just having a blank Gray screen there and I left the app open for 5 minutes to see if it was just slow but there was still just a gray screen. Do not download this just use the website.
Our privacy is being violated!  Its bullshit!
Ok
Apps
I like it

OMG
Great place to reach the outside world......
This totally blows, I can not play any video that is more than 1 minute long without getting an error message and it shutting off..... Please fix!!!!!!
Everytime I put my password in it says error. Please check your internet connection. I cant talk to anyone. Please fix.
Love it
Has done nothing but freeze up since I updated it.

7aga 2alaga
Good
Stop taking my info what's the point it's like you made a deal with the nsa what I find most annoying is these permissions have changed since first installed and as its automatically updated I was not informed this is bad moral standing I hope you change them soon
Great app
Loved the app until I was forced to download another app which takes up too much space on my phone. Put it back the way it was in one app. Messenger is annoying.
Still can't play videos on Facebook HTC rezound
Sangat bgs

Love
Very  fun & we purchased our home..!??
Always crashing. This app sucks
Can't save photographs! Terrible! UI isn't too friendly either.
Good
Great
I've been on facebook since 2009 but now my account has been disabled because suddenly you think I haven't been using my real name. I've never changed my name & have only ever used my legal name that I signed up under. Just because my name is a unique/uncommon name does not justify this. I refuse to be sorry for not being just another Amanda or Jessica. Thanks for making sure I can't communicate with some of my friends on my birthday tomorrow. Idiots. I'm going to be majorly angry if I lose all my pictures.
Ab
App is working good. But sometimes i am unable to get notifications and it stuck........ fix it....
off Gay balls. Not sure why they are worth anything being no one replies and they have computers blocking people with morals day in and day out.  One step closer to deleting their spying ways.
Facebook Gives Me Everything.Friends,Girl Friends,Money. Thanks Alot Mark!
Awesome
Love it. Great way to stay in touch
Why do you want to have access to all my info? Where's my privacy? Really debating on being done with Facebook.
Eth
Its cool
It always log packing tape.
EVEN people you could care less about STOP all photos go to Google?
Not bad, but take a lot of space
One day this kind of scrutiny is going to put us all in our Graves.
Nice appp
helps me contact people
Sweet
it cool it
App sucks
nice app
I guess its ok if i could ever get it on my phone
IS AWESOME
Facebook
NSA has hidden features, duh?
J
I foresaw the privacy invasions and deleted my account and apps and was correct. R.I.P Facebook. I give Facebook a year, year & a half tops before it completely fails.
Awesome
Y I can't delete PIC on comments ???
Good
it's. Great
Need an serious update
S4
Before the update, this app used to be awesome. But ever since, I can't log in. Always shows that 'setting up facebook' screen which never goes away. Using Dell Venue 7 tablet.
I had both the Facebook app and the Messenger app until I looked at the new app permissions. A lot of people don't realize that the Facebook app has the exact same permissions as the messenger app. Apps do not need nor should have permissions to access anyone's personal information, camera, pictures, audio, etc. And one last thing to mention, Facebook app now has another permission request call, Other. Clarify what 'other' is.
pokhara
Why u need all that information ! Why we need another app to see are message? ??? Y'all getting terrible at this .
Cannot watch facebook videos.... This app sucks... Fix it please... It says... An unknown error occurred... FIX IT ASAP
13 a 14
Better than old
I love facebook
fe5m yasta :D
The best
If you want to go back and look at a post there's a 50/50 chance you might not be able to see it because this app only shows some of your post not all. You use to be able to click to see more in between two post that you can see not any more.
Bad
:(
dis don't good an my phone
I like facebook app but I'm uninstalling because I HAVE to download messenger app ridiculous.
Great to fined old and new friends
This app it's very good
I have used facebook and many social media sites in the past and tge fact that they need accsess to VERY private info for a total lack.of reason, and yes if i wabted my pics/photos and other sensitive infor accsessed it wouldnt be on a private device it would already be on a social media site, this is the most invasive and incrediably abusive use of coporate entities being used and abused bt government rats to screw over the comnon individual weather it be just a lack of personal.privacy to charges...
Freezes a lot.
Great
The new update sukcsssss
Guys, jst download 5 stars coz first of all is very fast than ever
Family Facebook
Privacy....is there any reason why you need access to almost everything on my phone?! Super creepy!
Er
Loved this app
I.love.my.famile
Hallo farnde i misu u facebook
This is amazing app and itvwas fast this is the reason that push me to rate this app 5 stars
Good
Where the hell is my privcy?
Ppl from software , start over and leave it simple ; simple things always works!
I don't like how people can instant message you and also no exactly where you're located.
Love this app
Fr wht
Messenger has to gtfo
Its good
Roshan24
I'm really fed up with all the privacy settings, playing videos automatically, and having unlimited access to my phone, including using my camera to take photos without my consent.  I'm also just getting fed up with FB as a whole.  Not deactivating my account as of yet, but am definitely uninstalling the app from my phone. Big thumbs down from me!!
Keeps logging out and bugging out

Vishal42
You were fine tell the messenger became mandatory to get messages. Now I'm really considering removing it and this app as well.
Sorry can't let you read my messages
Shi$$
Ali
When I updated fb on my mobile from 4 days ago all news feed and all comments appear " just now" why it's happened ? and how can I fix this problem
I like play store.
Why do you need all of my personal information? You don't need all of that just for people to message on Facebook.
Hate the "other" folder and the messenger ap other than that its great.
Chand
I can not get this phone to save my password for Facebook after using the six digits code. It is getting annoying bad. And I do not know how to fix it. Thank you. Send to Verizon or Facebook please  carltempleton
Garbage App.  Needs to access to many permissions.
Needs access to my txt messaged and camera and contacts?
Guys I'm having trouble downloading it every time I try to download it says insufficient space on your device and I've got like 22 MB space in my phone so could you please tell me how much space it needs for downloading?
I value my privacy. This, & many other apps can do one! Accessing photos, call logs etc.. what a bloody joke!
Messenger stopped working...new interface is pretty bad...and the permissions the app has is unnecessary.  About to uninstall.
please can anyone tell me how to delete this useless app
Very good
Not happy with the lack of privacy. You really don't need know all of this stuff....
Good app ..... make ezay to caught frnds in one click..
Good app
I'm having Xperia M, whenever I play any videos in my page via Facebook app I'm getting error like "ERROR OCCURRED COULDN'T PLAY THIS VIDEO" please fix it and revert back soon.
1> Didn't wanna install messenger. Fb forced us to... 2> leaves you no more privacy NOT COOL
Why do you have to have access to my pictures, cameras, microphone, sd card, messages, phone calls without my permission??? I looked at my settings, went to "more" then to my apps. Clicked on Facebook to see if it was all true and I was sickened.... it literally says can take pictures and do all these things WITHOUT YOUR KNOWLEDGE! Only the app and the messenger app.... the browser is safe. I am not hiding anything but like privacy and have two kids that I dont want there faces being seen by people idk.
London
Love it
Inky
Keeps crashing, have to reboot at least once a day!!
Saad
Wherry niece
Shakil123
Good
Superb
Facebook is a terrible plague on the Earth. Not only that but it has decided it must be a terrible plague on my phone as well with Facebook messenger.
Good
AND USE IT! (Death Note Reference)
Face book
Y is fb freezing when I scroll down? Not liking this update
This app is worthless. I have better luck accessing FB on the web through my phone. Now that messenger is gone, there is no reason to use this app.
some issues can be fixed easily
Facebook's page
That's cool
Good
G3+Facebook = only 10 seconds of video then an awesome error message telling me that it is for unknown reasons! 
Pereyra
It takes so much memory that I can't download other apps. It sucks!
Facebook is a well known app that help users to learn more especially in grammer.
Why do you need all of my persnal information? Y'all have no business having any of my contacts and phone conversations. That is why I deleted messenger, and the reason I refuse to reinstall it
I love it but sometimes network its boring
Why do you need permissions to listen in to my calls, view my pics, contacts etc.?
new videos feature working very bad. lots of pictures not loading. when watching a video, the first tap on the screen should display the options, not pause the video directly.

Good
I love facrbook
BookFace
Thanks fb! I really appreciate the ability of customizing privacy settings on mobile. I just hope u dont collect too much info from my phone.
I love Facebook
Getting better
Gay
GIDEON
i don't agree in certain access that r required,that really needs to b changed
Great app but no update show in my play store
Very goog app
Good taking a lot of time
Before that we have an calling speciality but now it is not possible to make call from fb friends
Liked it
Easy to use and access all my settings. Easy to upload pixs n vids in my status. My searches r all saved. Too bad messenger is separate..n takes a little long to load
Facebook lit me see poeplel I have it seen in a Long time
PLENTYFUL
Excellent & fast
Stop trying to get everyone s private information
I love it but just be careful of strangers xx
Ya
Since I have to download messenger to communicate now, I might as well not keep this app. Just log on through my internet app. That way less memory is sucked up by Facebook and I don't have to agree to all these insane permissions!
Will not download beause they are too invasive and should not need access to my microphone. Can not wait for someone to come up with a non greedy social website. I only continue to use facebook to keep up to date on family and friends.
I cannot watch any videos on Facebook! They cut off half way through and has been like this for months??!!!??!!
It connects to friends very first
I will not be forced to occupy all the memory on my phone with several Facebook apps.  You're messing up Zuckerberg.  Your company is going in directions the people don't want. I loved messenger. However, you're not allowed to watch me jerk it. Deleted messenger AND the fb app.. I'll use the mobile site....
The app does not open after the last update please fix this is my only connection with my friends and family.
Good but some times closes on me
Having a problem since the last update keeping my S3 freezing. I won't install it again as it may damage my phone coz since i uninstall it my phone is not freezing anymore :) i prefer using fb from chrome n chat from other applications. Those having problem wiz same as me may try it coz since uninstalling it my phone didnt freez anymore :D
Very good
Kept crashing shite app
Love it its not life but its fun
Yes, the app asks a lot of permissions. They are vaguely named authorizations to give the app access to something on your phone. These are created by Google. It needs microphone and camera access to take pictures and video.  It's not using them 24/7. Also please realize the NSA CAN, DOES AND WILL CONTINUE TO MONITOR EVERYTHING OF WHO EVER THEY WANT. THE PRIVACY IS GONE WHEN YOU GET THE PHONE.
Its ok
You can access what you like in seconds!
I, personally like this App. I think it is the most popular media to make friends all over the world very quickly and a platform to exchange views. Thus one can gather information & knowledge.
Okk
For some unknown reason it keeps signing me out and I dont know why please help
It automatically log out after some time.. Please resolve d issue.. Its irritating to enter the password everytime i start the application..
Nice
Same a a laptop
It's just too much. Bring back MySpace! Good ole, non-invasive, colorful, inspiring, MySpace :-)
I dont trust this very much how bout anyone elese notice change or what but it works
Its very slow app take so much time to open n sending messages
its dope...i love it.later
Holding his precious son
Videos keeps stopping when watching them using the app. Very annoying, sort it please
I don't believe that your Facebook app should have access to the things ot does. Some being my text messages, whether or not my phone records something, my contact list, pictures, etc. The list goes on. My suggestion to Facebook is to get rid of those things if you know what's good for you. A lot of people will not download the app if it continues from the way I look at the reviews.
This varsion is too slow..!
I am getting rid of this app after several years of enjoying it. No way am I going to allow you to steal my information.
Good
Mother
Nice
This just started. If I'm not on WiFi the videos freeze the whole app. My 4g is working.
When launching, it isn't like every other app, it takes a good 3-4 seconds just come on and then refresh. It needs to be instant and less laggy, for example when opening comments it stutters.
Acsess slow :(
good
Rahman
(:
Always not responding!
Wasnt working properly so unistalled and now wont let me reinstall it
I have installed 5 times but after 3 or 4 days of use it the cell starts to break itself. Google services stop to work and so  . Should I have to buy it the app ??? Just let me know when. Thank you and fix it soon.
GooD APp
Too many permisions needed.
I m unable to get most recent news feed.. either guide or fix the issue..
I uninstalled facebook because they have too much access to all of my personal information that they have no right to.
Fy
Rana
Actions are those of government.  "SPYING ON US"
Sucks!  Keeps crashing! Each so called update makes this app worse!
Brings u closer and closer
Bad
Blwg
I like it
Luv diz app
Keeps annoying you to link contacts. Have deleted on several occations and only install for better up loading than the mobile web app
It can get better..
Fafi  mar
And Hi ther i kove
Takes to long to load and don't like that you people can see my messages and what not its just wrong
:-)
Karim Mousa
Rate this app
Too invasive dropped all my friends!!! How do I get old fb back?
I hate that i cant send messages.! ! It does not allow me i have to download. Messenger !!  -_-
Love
Mine was hacked last night my boyfriend and I actually got to talk to him.
No privacy...
I love it <3
Cool
this app is good for alternative or short cut
New update ultra MB consumption. Considering unistalling Facebook app.
Rana
Video erros, stop automatic and audio continues,  news option and sorted by do not work propertly, messenger app is not necessary.
Good
Facebook now is very slow.. sometimes i cannot see some photos... pls fix it!!!!
Sooooooo nice
No working yet
Love this app
Worst app. Better on desktop version only.
Every time I try to install it fails n shows unknown error "-24". Any suggestions?
Try this.
Good
FACEBOOK is the most important part of the knowledge of found long FBFF God Bless us to the fullest
Cool app
i like u apps
Loved it
Good
work for fun
Why do they need access to everything on my phone. Serious lack of privacy needed for new update.
Facebook is the best invented social media ever!
So gud jho
Thanks
Facebook not responding all the time sooo annoying when I have a full connection
Why does this app still lag and drain battery after all these years.
Will not use app on my cell no more
Wow its wonderful
JESUS ARE MY NUMBER ONE.
Cool
I do not know how to sign on after my daughter put me under her facebook page on my on phone.
Its stupid that we have to download messenger just to talk. It takes up to much memory and if someone doesnt have messanger downloaded, the cant ttalk
It's good app
Wont download to my phone
Fb connect peopel easily to each other nice social network
Privacy is our right
Is pretty good its a little slow sometimes but nice pages
Awesome
The most user friendly
Why the invasion of privacy in access to all things my mobile phone? A line has to be drawn.
I installed Facebook on my new phone and within an hour of using it, the data storage being used swelled to over 80mb, combining to take up over 100mb of space on my phone, freezing it. All I was doing was scrolling through statuses and endless annoying Ice Bucket Challenge posts.  Since Facebook doesn't even show me the updates I want to read when I want to read them (no chronological sorted news feed, worst change FB ever made)... I am done with this app on my phone and hardly ever get on my account now.
Good
:-)
Good
Like
Advocate (mrt)Up
Im not giveing up my info for your plessure
Still Hate it
Eror lod
Old friends, new family
good
Why do you need to know every aspect of my life just so I can send messages back and forth to my friends?
Every time I try to check to see is someone is online it just says mobile and when I try to see if there active or when they were last online it just says mobile!!!! Plzzzzz fix!!!
What's the point having high resolution cameras etc if you can't upload in high resolution just comes up real pixilated
Very good
Very
From facebook app permission request: - read calendar events plus confidential information - add or modify calendar events and send email to guests without owners' knowledge CONFIDENTIAL !!! does developers know what that means? it means it steals data.. !! :)) WITHOUT OWNERS KNOWLEDGE !!! that means ... it can send email to guest containing what? my calendar? my work? Amazing app...
I hate you
I hate when you force me to download another app just because I want to read my private messages. Why I need to have so many app for one thing? This isn't fair. Please fix it u,u
Tonya sharp
Annoying can't share anything bc it will close out app.
Stupid social
Alaah
I have excited with friend Clarisa Velopcia
Removing from my phone.  Next, removal from my computer. Just about had it.
Terrible, keeps GPS on and drains my battery!
I dont want the messenger app..just let it be the message
Uninstall due to loss of messenger
Good
Jawadali
Way too much access
I first this so amazing!
Very nice app
So good$$$
3
Illuminati.  Point blank
This site is filled with nothing but bullies and haters. Biggest waste of time on the planet. Go get a life people!!
Fantastic app in world
It is ok
Allows no privacy so, bye bye fb!
More often times than when they show!
Good
Best
Keeps freezing up and stalling out while trying to scroll.
Not so good app. id rather use the classic site.
Download it already
Not Very Bad...
Good
I loved it....
Before installing Facebook Messenger it is some what better in Xperia u..But after installing that.. It totally lags..hangs and always getting error...come on guys please port this for xperia u and maintain running it smoothly!!! :-(
No good app always messing up video sometimes play sometimes not I don't like it I live in a military town head quarter of cyber command
Awesome
Love
It's have more fun
Nice
Removed due to excessive and quite frankly intrusive app permissions.
Its alright just sometimes REALLY laggy
Block buster
I love Facebook now its on the gadget I more like it
Would be better if group select option was allowed. Would like to send family and friends updates to art shows without having to select all one at a time.
Superb
I went between the app and the site,  the app filters more of what I can see on my feed.  It takes up space and battery on my phone and now I have to download the messenger as a separate app?  I'm keeping my account but deleting the app.
Sucks it's crashing.  Can't like post nothing
Panha
Asked for over 15 permissions including pictures, messages, camera and microphone. Wtf for
Perfect
Its really awesome
Same permissions as messenger
Best hay yaar
These permissions are out of this world. There's no need to have access to my microphone or camera without my permission.
. . .why this app is getting bigger and bigger every time an update was avaible? Il almost slowing down my phone. Please cut the size :(
Really a good apps for find of your old friends and keep in his touch..
Too many bugs and felt very bad..
Nice
H
Time under every post is just now o.O please fix that
It's so slow and always hangs. The app is not refreshing the online friends' list. It also slows down my phone. Please bring back the old FB And.. the messenger is a crap. Phone is a Galaxy Pocket
I love this app
Sherry Boutwell.
Its bs takes up way more memory more like 100 mb
Nice
Superb
Alumunium work
I would rate it higher but it constantly isn't responding like now
I give u 3 stars cause of messanger
Love facebook
GREAT
Epic
Loss of privacy.
Anjali
Verry good
Jaaahzu
Love it
I like facebook
Thanks

Why not downloading facebook.please solve the matter.
Been using Facebook every day for months on this device now Facebook has locked me out for not using this device. Also locked me on computer and phone. What's happening Facebook?
Fb app crashes & freezes on my S3 since the last update & force fb messenger is a real turn off.  With all ur money & brain power, u'd think u will beta test ur product first...  Fail...
I primarily use Facebook on my S4. Within the last 10 days the app keeps freezing and stops working. I can only scroll down so far on my news feed and the app freezes. I was writing a comment and the app froze mid sentence! Please fix it!
Love it
Why there's no emoticons option when i write comments ? Is that cause my phone or the app ?
Great app
Like it
Thank you
Y .so many permissions
I am unable to download this..... And after bring download it increase its MB .... what the hell iz wrong !!!!Plz fix it.
Gggrrrr Cnt download
Just upgraded my fb app and now when I open my fb it freezes cannot scroll or anything. So I close out of Facebook and it starts randomly poping up on my phone so I have to exit out of it like 3 times and it will finally stop. What happened to fb come on now liked it much better when fb was just simple....
More space
So so
It is nice..
Because it is my favorite part
Good
Suck
Face book is an improvement
Facebook sucks lol
Oh yheeeee.,........
Am not able to open my page it is sihning in then disconnecting please any answer
Wool.!
Kudial
Best
entertainer and good communicator..
not happy with all this access to everything private and personal details, plus everytime i try to log in it keeps saying setting up facebook and takes forever to load starting to get annoyed with fb i am also tempted to delete fb msg only i have stuff on it for my wedding. please respect our privacy all i have to say
Facebook is too much for me I like it doe they do any and everything from time to time I have problems login in my page
Liked it
Crap
It keeps stopping videos and says it can't play them......this is getting old fast. Please fix it...thanks
Mazozo
Wow
Yo yo
Even I have enough space it says error downloading. Please fix.
Ni e
Not working after recent update plz fix it
Frequent freeze ups and sudden close outs
Its ok ok
Thik thak app..
While signing in facebook is showing setting up facebook i have tried alot to sign in but unable please solve it
Facebook
I dont know why it sucks on Android
Ang tgal mag download
Rubbish
Its amazing
Good
Lives in Umm al Qaiwain
Log
Went down hill with the requirement of downloading another app to message people. Better off with either just using the website, email or snail mail.
realy fast!
Ok
Feezes
app very slow
Very well.
Absolutely love it
My FB app keep crash. Sad
PHOTOS NEVER LOAD! &Now that i cant even access messages, there's really no point in keeping this app! I cant delete/edit comments i make nor can I delete comments made on MY page/photos by others! I hate the upload photos feature! I have to scroll through all photos on my phone, newest to oldest (there are thousands!) to choose the ones i'd like to upload. That's so time consuming & unnecessary! I would prefer to be able to choose from which album on my phone I'd like to select photos from.
Keeps freezing and force closing - sort it
Fb is a very usedful
Is really contact the knowledge of lifestyle.
Continues to say "Error" when I go to log in and messenger is pointless yet forced for us to download. Fix this!
:)
For an older version
I don't like this because it's limited in use compared to the website. There are things that I use all the time like feed notification settings under individuals that can't be changed from the app. They also take access to all of your information and whether they use all of it or store it, who knows?
Nice
No comments..
Good one
It's Facebook,  not much to add :-)
It freezes for at least 30 seconds everytime I want to launch this app.
Can't watch videos due to unknown error and wants access to too many things for no reason.
Lots off missing details....
Sweet dreams
Great
I don't care
Some bugs..
i love
Cool
Nice
.   Sweetttt lord
Mung nk wat ikut ske mung tanpe mitok izin?Palehotok mung..
Sagwal
Better Now
Khawl lun
News feed is not working 2 weeks ago please help me :'( :'(
Keep getting statuses off days ago slow and problem filled pain
Ever since the messenger was made a second app I haven't really used my app as much. I think it's wrong how two apps are need for what use to be one.
Read the reviews Facebook.
Zenif
Violating my privacy right my constitutional right
Fack
Dj
Drains battery even when you have things shut off
Samsung Note 2
i love facebook
Love it
Very excellent
Good in communication
I turned off the auto play videos and they still play
Video separuh sahaja boleh ditonton
Seriously??
Nazar Hussain
Nice app
.very enjoy to use
I would have given it 0 stars if I could. Why do you need to access that much information about us??! Screw you Facebook. If everyone was smart they would disable their Facebook accounts and be done with it. Uninstall Facebook app and the messenger app, both can access everything on your phone, take pictures without permission
Beuj
Love it
Why, why, why would you make a second app mandatory for messaging? It's completely moronic. I refuse to download a second app to do what was once perfect and simple within the FB app. Facebook, you are failing us. Do better. Try harder. Don't be moronic.
Make an update that can allow to play criminal case game
Alla hai yar alla hai.
This app is sooo good like Kfc. I like him very much. This app use by every person easily. I think this is the best app of all of above. So I love it.
Cool
Use. Facebook fast
Rather use the web browser cause the app is so slow
Like n love
ÍÛÀÏß·£¬Ò»Ö±¿¨×Å£¬°ÝÍÐ²»ÒªÔÙË¯¾õÁË£¬¸Ä½øÒ»ÏÂ¿ÉÒÔÂð
I like everything about this app except that I can't watch videos they freeze and then say there is a problem every time! Please fix it or I'm just gonna use the old facebook!
Fantastic social net
Sucks!!!
I like fb
Crashes with android 4.2.2
This is ridiculous!
Mine always says do you want to sync your photos every time I log in.
Very nice.......... ! I like it.
Bueno
fb loved it
Nice work
Facebook
Its cool, but im having a hard time with thecfact that u need access to all my info.  My contacts, my messages...As long as I can uninstall. Wen I want tho, we all good...
Sucks. Violates my personal info.
i can't like or even leave a comment on certain post. very sad. fix it please. twitter is much better than this rubbish!
Facebook
Why are you moving to messenger? Get rid of the messenger and I will make the rating better
Ok
Bbeeeeesssstttttt
It pauses/freezes for a long time every time I pass a video while I'm scrolling. There are a lot of videos being shared on Facebook these days, so you can imagine how annoying it must be..
When I sign on to it, it takes forever to loss and most of the time the alp has to force close. Change this and I'll be happy.
Mast
Nice app for handling fb a/c but the only problem is that it takes a lot of space.... i have almost deleted my 3 other apps just to download this fb app. :-( :-/
Everytime I put my password in it says error. Please fix.
sexy app
Top stories, too much space.
Good
love it faster an quik
Invasive
I only use the app for the button widget. Otherwise I'd uninstall. Viewing fb via browser lets me send messages.
Tooooo guuuuDDDD
Fit it..mssger dont open...
Hor
Wtf happened with this appli I can't open it anymore
Facebook is facebook
rubbish wont letvme comment on enyones posts wish id kept the old one..keep deleting becoz this app keeps freezing n wont load..fb get ur finger oot n sort it!!!!!!
Good app
Every time i scroll past a video it plays it and if i go back before the video is over the whole app stops and it wont open i habe to uninstall and install it again this has happend literally 7 times im tired of it fix it
Nice
That's my full of memories
Nice
Its a really good way to communicate with friends but there is negatives about this app stillmi advise you to download it !!!
Nice network
kool
Excellent
Golu
Although the overall experience is nice,  the photo browser when replying to messages and commenting sucks. It would be better if you allow users to choose which manner to browse for pics to attach  (by showing picture folders instead of showing a never-ending trail of thumbnails of all pictures in the device)
Hi
Messenger is always force stopping and i can't even see my messages
LOL
Gud
This is 2 beauty
Like it
Darun
A useful app as it seems .....
Nice update
I DO NOT WANT THE MESSAGING APP! Stop trying to force it on us! I will delete my entire acct before I'll give u access to my camera and messages.
Mr Ray Effiom
Nice app
:)
its good but when it start to update and download picture here in fb because my SD card resets and i need to downloas all the pictures the picture is blurred and not fixed. pls fix.
K.love
Notifications are not working, problem. Pics not uploading.. In a grup not writing a post.      Not upload pics, not writed a post in any grup...! Wht iz prblm..?
It doesnt et me log in and I put everything rite fix and I'll give 5stars
No explanation needed!!!
Good
Fail
The perfect way to keep up with your family and friends! Love it!
Adham
Great
Great app
friends
I wish I could have been able to rate it negatively.
A medium of better communication in this millinium...TQ
Nice...
Crap
Facebook
Tun meanma
Anjali
give 5 stars when u enabled replying
***....***
Heloo
Loved it
Like updates n changes. Keep up d good work. :-)
Facebook
Permissions are too invasive. Thanks, but no, thanks.
Like it
Love it
Nimisha
Facebook
I like it
Sh*t can't be installed in my device.
i have a galaxy pocket and setting up takes forever
Got in touch with old friends specially school time friends after a long time cool : )
This current version (at 15 April) is the worst. My feed on Facebook turn into arrange by most interested, by the way I prefer to arrange by most recently post(arrange by new to old), but in this version I can't find where can I change that. Could you please fix this point or tell me where I can find this?
The Facebook is good for social humanity
The access messenger needs is the exact access your phone is using right now for your phone company and every single all you're using just about look at them app and stop complaining about this harmless app God!!
Very slow!
Helpful to me
So hpppy
Please look after that
Thanks
r
not much
Don't want my photos be accessed by Facebook
Facebook
This app's is very much
Really nice app
Great Apps
Sucks
Great
That ad for the Facebook messenger app won't go away and I can't even see my messages.
Since all the update this app has gone really rubbish. Takes up far to much memory and needs permissions that are ridiculous and private! News feed doesn't update and the most recent button isn't most recent! Thinking of deleting the app and just using the browser
Waste to rate 5 stars
Shahzad
Ganesh Abruk
Downloading problem in HTC Desire Bravo...
Viju
Love it
Its slow
Awesome
Stop being paranoid, people. It's just a social media site.
Very nice
Its so good and so fast what else & so beuaty.
After downloading Facebook again why we have to install messenger......I hate this!!!! I hope u'll change this plZ
Thers problems  in this app
Me
It had a unique look which makes the man to use it...
I expect more from Facebook but really I'm not sure why. Sometimes the app glitches and gets stuck. I have to decide if it's worth the memory space. So far it is but barely. Now it's closing the app by itself.  Step it up Facebook.
video player does not working they dont even listen to users, fail support team
Great App But Its Speed Is Slow
Ok
Keeka app mamab.
Keep on going Facebook....FB messanger not good
I'm like apps
Nice way to get good friends in our life
Slow update
Subuu
Ye mera deevanapan hai.
Period.
Why Facebook forces to install that Facebook Messenger app on Android phone?

Facebook
Mareyfacebooksrilanka
I'm not getting any kind of sound, vibration,  or flashing status light of any kind of notifications on fb. Friend request,  comments, tags, etc and I have all the notification alerts checked.
Updates have fixed the big issues.
Thank you for listening us and adding reply option .
Amazing
Love that I get to keep in contact with friends and family
Hhhjj
Really a good app for uploading pics and videos fast
Hate that I can't just use the messaging with out that dumb app..-.-
Its more fun in facebook. Super Like it.
lveit
You should be ashamed of yourself
The older design was way too efficient than this stupid sliding columns one. Plus FOR GODS SAKE LET ME SEE THE MOST RECENT STORIES AND MAKE IT DEFAULT. i dont care about the stories people like. Obviously i dont want to see the same stuff i saw when i last logged in. Im probably gonna leave Facebook soon because it's getting just too much business oriented rather than giving me what i want. Its just not a social network anymore. Its using us to draw money. I also HATE offers and ads.
as   long   i   chat   is   everything   fine
I read some of the users complaining about how facebook has access to their contacts,etc. You can just turn off the sync. Just go to your settings.
Its ok
Facebook has turned into a personal parent for the government. Apparently can't do anything without Facebook recording listening or using my info without my permission. A bunch of bullshit man. DELETING
Whenever I open the app , it says "setting up Facebook" , and I don't know why , it was fine  before until I reinstalled it :'|
Lakhaji
Really
Let's see...when scrolling my timelime it will scroll ALL the way back to the top on its own and with no warning... turning notifications off from a post you liked or commented on doesnt work, u still recive a notification for each and every person who likes it or comments too. They took away the feature "messages" from this FB app and moved them to their horrible messenger app. So now you are forced to install another app on your device if you want to continue to veiw or send any messages.
Very good
It is what it is
Nice

Ok
Uninstalling. Too much invasion of my privacy. Messenger is a pain in the backside. Freezes and closes randomly. Will use fb on my browser instead. How dare you access my photos and text messages without my permission.  I did not agree to this!
333
I have loved fb
Facebook stop with all this crap. Go back to when you didn't watch us 24/7.

Ss sy
Nyc app
Still the best social network
Good
Great
Aap
Ok i like
Outstanding
Fast nice easy
Seriously do you think the only thing we got to do with our phone is chatting on Facebook? Since Facebook app pushed me to install Messenger which I do not want, I removed Facebook app too. I would be rather happy to use the web browser instead of two resource hogs. I would not let Facebook take over my phone. To all users who wish to have a balanced lifestyle, I strongly recommend the phone's stock web browser rather than Facebook and Messenger apps. Another thing I noticed is, I forbade Facebook from autostart (using Battery Doctor) several time, and Facebook app had overridden that. This is not nice. I do not want your s**t to take over my phone!
This version is very gud
Ok
Plwase make it fast on phone
Very use ful
Man can't see why everyone is bitching if you don't like don't use
Loved it. ....;)
Very slow
Everyday meet with us
R
Dus h di is di of
I like it
Oh yeah
I either have to force stop or uninstall and reinstall app multiple times a day because it freezes up and quits working. This has been going on for months!!! I can't believe a company as large as Facebook can't figure out how to fix this.
not bad but sometime it not working
Wish their was a no stars option absolute crap.. One rule "If it's not broken then don't fix it"..  :-( freezing now just about every time i use it
Nice
Wonderful
Its ok
Why does in here says 20 mb but after i downloaded it, it became 50 mb.. WTF?? can anyone tell me why is this like this??
Every one enjoying this app.I like this app very much.This is tooooo gooood:-)
ok
Dont change the 'new look' or what ever pls fix the video player first. Every update is rubbish. MIDDLE FINGER o0o
Fabulous app
In a nutshell the app sucks!crashes my tablet messenger doesn't work makes it crash also I mean is this big brother trying to spy on me?!? Fix your s*** fb
For the last week, i've beem unable to play videos properly, keep failing to load with an error message displayed.
I liked it
Any time I try to log out of my account it won't allow me.  I have to uninstall and reinstall.
HATE THE UPDATE WHERE WE HAVE TO DIWNLOAD MESSENGER FOR CHATTING ¡ñ_¡ñ
I keep getting cut off everytime i scroll down to a video. Don't know what the problem is, but please fix it!!!
Everyone must download this, because this is good for comunication :-3
Best apps
me
Best app ever
Super
It never shows the up to date posts, and would crash all the time. Had to uninstall.
Kidu
Great!
This app was good until they made downloading Facebook messenger mandatory .. It's very annoying .. Freezes .. And Freeze my phone .. That's a whole set of extra RAM being used ..
Unhappy  with new update..
Very gud app
I like it but I'll give a 5-star if we can attatch files. :)
Its useable apps.
Ok
its getting slower
Use and experience
Too much permission
Super fb excelent
good enough
Good app
Why? WHY? Why do you have to "fix" things that aren't broken?  Its slow,it keeps force closing,  I keep seeing old post in my newsfeed ( how do I put it on most recent?) and why do you  have to access everything in order to use It? I don't like the update and a lot off ppl I've talked to don't like it.
Since updated it won't let me watch any videos also when I'm half way down page on newsfeed it jumps bk to top plz sort this and I will change my rating. My phone is Sony Xperia
Its just so new
Facebook
Excellent
Can u tell us what der hell is goin on here?why fb need all that access?do u guys spyin on us by doin that? Omaigot..
Very beautiful application
Love it
Good
Way too many unrestricted access to My Phone.
Pics take too long to load
It occupies a lot of internal nemory! Please do something about it!
Awosome
I know the media has already been hot about this but there's definitely something behind all of this messenger stuff. I know other apps have this permission but you have 1 billion downloads on this app store alone! I will not accept these permissions and I hope others don't either.
Love
Awesome
Lenovo
Lick this
I try to share news clips and it tells me I have to log in, even as I am already logged in.  It also offers me the Android app to browse fast but when I click on it it is already downloaded on my phone.  Boo hiss for this app!
To be connected to the world
give us back our rights to privacy Facebook! noone will down load apps that bend the rules on privacy! if you want to keep making money on this app reverse your decision about the privacy on your app!
Facebook is the one of the best app
it does nt get dwlnd
I have to use
Hi
Social networking site
So beautiful
i hate this update my samsung galaxy duos fb pic is so blured plz fix this problem
Super app
All
I like to use this app it is easier
This app is so nosy and I had to delete of prrsonal family.pics in order tp eve
Bad coding, maybe Facebook is only for apple fanboys!
Ramesh
I can't see the happening for that day
Its ok to i would use again
Liiiiiiiiiike
Nice
Update facebook please it's gone really slow again

Hu
best social network software for time pass
Why don't I just give you my phone.  That's basically what you're requesting.  Switching to Tinfoil for Facebook, and not looking back...
Good for time pas.
Jigs
Great social app
Thanks
Matiii
Best
slow even on 3G network and hanging issues are very frequent
Very good and fast.
Cary
Videos stop playing halfway.
What an idea sir g
Love
It doesnt wanna download in my Phone!!!!!
Slow slow slow i hate it
It's ok
Hated it
Really an gud app
Diwaan
Best ever
Best apps for me
Change bak facebook.....why are we supposed to give all our informations to this particular organisation??
Good
Very good
i do not want to download messenger if i dont i dont get to see my messages
Adnan
Hi
It not awesome but can
Works nice
Nice app
Goog
Awesome
Best
Fast massage application
It would have more stars but it constantly stops other apps on my phone with fb is not responding.freezes a lot more then it did before the upgrades.
ÎªÊ²Ã´Ò»Ö±¿´²»µ½×îÐÂÏûÏ¢£¬¶¼ÊÇ¾ÉµÄÏûÏ¢?
Poor performance all the time..
Piseth
I miss you facebook
I love........
No comment yet. Let me view it first. I'm sure. It is awesome in every way. Give  me. Some time first.ok.
I love to use this. This is my time pass n making me tension free.
Virus!
Coniting old frnds
This a good app
Good
Excellent
Can not upload anything! This program has not worked since the last update!  Very upset!
Nice app I love it
Ajay
Saya suka
Too much nys
veri good
awesome
Its good
Love it!!!
It's a Facebook app that allows you to post a status update and it keeps you updated with events that you can link to the calendar on your phone. Contacts from your friend list can be synced to your contacts on your phone. The settings for privacy and the nofication system and having your approval for friends to post on your time line and controlling the ads that show up on your news feed is great and very adjustable. People need to learn how to use the settings for maximize their Facebook experience.
Aamir786
Beauty App to meet our friends. Thanku for creater of this app
Facebook
This one always appear #5 unauthorized source IP address. I can't use my facebook ,update my account and upload photos using our wifi connection.why is that?
Its superb
Its a very good app to be update d with Facebook
Goood
Facebook
Sucks new version.horrible.
Facebook wants too much info
Why need access all content like contact and others? I'm just wondering..
Absolutely the best........
Pavan Goud
Lovely
Ffffuuuuccckkkkkk social media
think big
Why do we have to get the messenger to message. You can see all my personal information thru it
Datas Everywhere!
I <3 Facebook! Is there much more to say? I can talk to friends family etc on here! I love it!!!
Like it! It is very fast:D
update
I can't download it! Maybe next time
1 Billion downloads? Jesus ._.
When i try to send friend request this app says session expired and start logging out. My device is samsung galaxy s4 mini duos gt-i9192 android 4.4.2 . Please fix this bug.
Love it
Good...
This is a wonderful app .
Good one
,Not liking the messager app
Its a nice app i enjoy using it
The big brother- Have permission for things on my phone - This is ridiculous!! Facebook  please go back how it use to be - Where all of my information is Not involved.. Ever heard of Privacy?? I guess NOT.. I am thinking about deleting Facebook off of my phone so I don't have to deal with fraud!! Uhh
Nice
Slow
I'm assuming the budget for this app's development was about 35p... Horribly unreliable, keeps intermittently freezing my phone AND tablet, and takes a year to load a photo even on 100mbps wifi...
Bravo
Every single time facebook updates, it gets worse. Forcing us to install messenger. Needing way to much access to our personal information. Now, its impossible for me to update any other apps, because I don't have enough room left. And I don't have a lot of apps downloaded. Less than 150 pictures and no music. Just the updates for facebook, candy crush, and now messenger. And my phone tells me that I don't have enough room left to update anything. I have a 4g phone. Memory shouldn't be an issue.
Faxxd
nice app i love it fixed bugs

When Facebook opens on the phone it just freezes. Can't click on anything or scroll through feed. It was working just fine now nothing. I've restarted and everything.
Thanks
I think the person who design this apps is most stupid on this world!  I want the news feed sort by most recent ok!
Slow experience
Good
It is much more easier to use than Google in a  phone SUPER LIKE!
Love you sweetu
Very slow
love all the features
fb application  Is so nice
Force closes each time when I attempt to open the app. Plz fix! HTC Rezound
Awesome app
I dont know whats happening in my facebook, I just want to see other applications but it still not loading. Im thinking there is a problem on my internet connection but lots of my friends experienced the same at me. Please throw an attention to these kind of problem...
Slow the network
Nice i am connect to all of my friends very easy.
Nice nice
Very nice app. its connected ppl
improved...
Im loving it
Great app
Jada me ka hai
I don't think messenger should have been mandatory to download to message friends.  Some ppl keep in contact via Fb only & don't swap phone numbers.

Very nice.
Update please
Excellent & Super !!!
Rawas hai bantaai.....
So easy
Very easy to look into the download site and get updated soon.
"New looks/improvements"? Not always. Do the developers even use their own app? Do they sit around and every other day say, "Time for a New Look!"? Most updates draw focus away from the app's purpose to relearn its usage; getting worse & worse; can't live w/it, can't live w/out it. Why is landscape forced to portrait on my notebook when I touch Photos on someone's main page? Yep. Still does that. Messenger is now separate & adds another 13M to already limited internal RAM, to say nothing of permissions that go way beyond appropriate, so I uninstalled it from notebook AND phone. Ah! Now there is a not so subtle plea to read "Messenger: Myths vs. Facts." Does this change my opinion? Not in the least. "Improvements for reliability and speed"? Doubtful.
Not connecting properly in my note2 series every time when i m login there is some error!
Bertha Diana
Nice
Good
Crashes when I try to play any video
Whatever.
Update. Suckcess :p
Muhammed
Lot to read
Iam Like
Very good.
Without facebook i wouldn't be able to stay intouch with my family & friends!!!
Facebookis super goooooooooood and amazing
Fb is so natural
Very nice
I love Facebook
Fantastic apps..
Such a amaaaaaaaaazing
Battery drain. I hate it. Phone says it runs 200mb. Wth!
I like it
Like it
It always crash when I try to watch a video on my Z1
Its a  good app  for using fb  easily
Gud
Nice app
Super love it!
Supppppperrrrb wonderful
I don't like the way Facebook can get in all my business.
Cool. .The best social media
Facebook
Need the option to move to SD Card on Kit Kat plzz. Ty
I like that
Facebook
Very nice
Nice
Love it and love it like my heart
I love everyone. ...once ur down u can only go up ;-)
Complaits
Hey
Cool
Ffg
What the hell are you doing with those fucken permissions? You don't have the rights to do that ur spying !!! You fucked up people .. Uninstalling...
Good
;)
Nice
Everyone in a panic over the app permissions needs to simmer down. Take a look at your other social media/messenger apps and realize most of them require the same permissions. It's not so the app itself can use your info/device to spy on you, it's so you can send pictures, make voice/video calls, share files, ext. with other people. I'm pretty sure Facebook has no use for your countless selfies and pictures of your morning lattes, nor does it need to listen in on your conversations of why the sky is blue.
Cant even play video smoothly like last time...
Awesome app
Application 18 mb and after installion 38 mb please fix this problem
Nice
Fun
Very good
Never had any problems! It's a great app.
Thanks
Great
Good app
Nice social app
Nice app!
Cul
Finedon
Go love someone is kind
Uzma sulaman
Junk permissions
Hoi
There's no improvements in the update,very very very SLOW and sometimes DON'T RESPOND once i open it.this is a very very big discouragement for facebook
Ok
Nice
Ok
Awesome ¨¤ap
Nice way to conect our friends
this app is really great!!!
Not good
Good
Why are you forcing us to download the other app for private messaging? Don't want it. Stop forcing us to do this....
Best
Hcv
I love you facebook
I like this aplication.It is very popular and i love very much.This is my description.
Nice

It's world photos
Face book is one & only best software for social communication.
Some things are really not that eye catching..  Improvement needed
I only use it once in a blue moon and for the messinger so I'm just going to use the Web browser from now on
Fast to use
Now its look good though i hate facebook messenger
Mabilis
not good
Ever since I upgraded my galaxy s4 it will not let me download this app it keeps saying error 24 please fix this
Cant install for sony e1 after updated
Cuts out all the time . You also have to make it update the page otherwise it will sit on the same day
I love it
I'm Oving it
There is so much permissions. You can use the phone more than me if you want to.
it's very good program
:)
Amish.khan
Nice app
Good :)
Videos won't play, says an unknown error occured every time grrr
Awesome!!!!!!
GOD'S son
Good improvement
Shamira
The new update must have something wrong as my facebook keeps freezing all the time..please get it sorted soon
Okokokokokokkokikikokokrokok
facebook
Tried to redownload the app on my Sony Xperia but once the app tried to install it says incompatible update
Good
Best
Very nice
githa 135@gmail. com
New version
This app help me to commucate with my collage mates even when I am not in place
My fb freecall wont work..
Nice
Won't load at all. It's just freezing on me
Good
Love this app
Very good
Excellent
Nice
Bebo
It is great but can not copy text
Like it..
Fesbook
Couldn't handle well video streaming.
Roldan
Tut
It is a fast application. Loved it! But please update it to a cool theme :D
I don't like it. Update it and it gets worse.
Jai ho
Great app to keep in touch with family and friends around the world.
Gggrrrr Cnt download
Why won't it let me upload videos?
low
Xlent
^______^

Now
Its awsme...
waste tooo slow
Good app for social networking.
I like this !!
Membuka nya
Rocks <3
Good
Oh boy!
So more creativity guyss..//
I don't like the fact that facebook is invading my privacy... having to give facebook permission to use my contacts pictures location, seriously why would Facebook need all these??? I hope that they seriously rethink this, because I'm seriously thinking of uninstalling the app just like I uninstalled it's messenger app...
Yes
I can't access to my Facebook even i changed my password , made me mad. ..
I'm loving it
Why I can't metion comments to other friends which is not my friend in a group as previous version has that facilities. ..Please fix this. .tgan I will give you five star
Cool
Five star
Good untill last update just using bulk data now
I hate it so much jkn xD
Everything is good, but tgere is just one problem. When I want to chat with my friends, I have to install FB Messenger. I hate, because I lose my privacy. I want to FB fix that problem in new version of app and delete FB Messenger extension which have to been installed. Thanks a lot.
Bh
Dr.Pranayananda swain
Tirkey
Ok
Terrible It has gotten Really Slow
I recently updated the Facebook app on my HTC Rezound and now the videos will play about 5 seconds and then an error message will appear. Facebook needs to fix the autoplay sh*t or I'm going to permanently remove this app!
Face book already takes up alot of room why should we be forced to install messenger it's ridiculous
Nice
most apps get better over time this has gotten worse.
Excellent.
Liveaction
Nj
face book
What happened to privacy.  All you private companies that go public only worry about the $$$.  Need more money so and our info is being sold making you the money the greedy investors demand.  Sad
What's up with this s*** it wont let me watch my videos on my facebook  fix it fast it works much better the way it was before
Syok ramai knalan
Cannot select photos from gallery (folder wise) when doing photo comments. Already reported to fb team. but no response :-(
no words fb is always like a best friend to allllllllllllll.......
New update seemed to make it more buggy for me. Everytime I try to upload pictures, it always freezes and It always asks me to wait or force close. And now after it loads the app, it does the exact same thing. Wtf?
You don't work with the new update and you want access to everything all the time do you really need that?  Sort it out Facebook
I enjoy the games.
Awsome
I noticed that when i scroll down it have bugs and damage my cpu and error in videos every thing is bad the former version was better much
Yes

Spru man
I can't ply any videos on Facebook please fix I have wrote about this three times.please....
We ad
Facebook
G ood
Wonderful to talk to some of my Friend's
Very high amount of notifications. Many annoying. Some useful. Has a way to go.
Never works right, always refusing to open shuts out automatically!  Wants to full access to everything on my phone & allows inappropriate content. Biggest social media app out there & most likely to allow identity theft.
Excelant and speedyly conecting world
Srey Tom Tom
Very irritated this new application
Great app loved it
Every time I try watch some pics in a page it crashes.. I will not give even one star if I had that choice.. bullshit
Its ok... dont want people using my camera to take pics of me and record anything so I chose not to download fb messanger app.
Great app.Easy to use and very user friendly.
Now facebook is requiring messenger to even view messages on mobile. No I don't want to download another horrible fb app to view messages, I already have this one. There is no reason to have full access over my phone, stop trying to invade my privacy.
E E K
I Love Facebook but why is my profile pix not clear?
C
face book
Every time I try watch a video it errors and stops the video
Superb
App has become very slow after the latest update
Garcia
FaceBook
Awesome
Thanks
All is well
Nice
Something is wrong, not working properly.
Quin
Terbaek,,,
Always error when play video, please fix it asap
Why this app. Is always stop, i cant reply with my friend,
I'm so happy every day haha! Because i use this FB any time i need haha! LoL
Woah
Loved it
It is useful for chatting
Mantap
On Samsung 1 it is better
Buggity mcbug!!!!!! Slow a'f!! Keeps freezing.... My suggestion stop updating
Takes a lot of space.
Love having my Facebook on  my phone HATE that i have to constantly delete the app cuz its up to 1.2 gb memory and i cant save it on my sd card! Wth? I used to be able to!!!! 5 stars if you allow it!
Disaa
Yaa
Saundra
lovefacebook
I can no longer control my settings to make my default newsfeed most recent. I don't want Facebook to decide for me what's most relevant. I can do that fine on my own. Also sucks I can't read my messages on the app anymore. I hated messenger and am not reinstating it. Just my opinion
Gud medsos
I cant see message unless diwnloading messanger

Ankur
Mittel
Wow...
Good
Encloses
Good
i cant install my facebook! 
Always nice.. keep it improving..
Nice
Simply d best!!!
This UI design sucks. Navigation through tabs suck... Drawer was so much better. I hate every iteration of app update more and more
Awesome supertacular
Bugs to be fixed & need improvements
It takes for ever to load ever since I updated
Notifications won't be removed from my phone so I uninstalled and now I can't install it again... Oh well! Stupid app anyways.
Oj
This app is awesome. It works well only reason why I put one star is because everytime I try to message on my phone im practically forced to download the messenger app.
Working speed is low
Useless app
I love.  ...........
:/
The app itself is fine. The permissions on the other hand are another story. Why would you want permission to record audio, take pics/vids or read my messages WITHOUT my knowledge? Its pretty sad. I value privacy and it sucks that Facebook has the right to do things on my phone without my knowledge.
And it's LAG sometimes. Please fix it. Next time expect 5 stars to me. Thanks!
Nice
Worst and slowest version of Facebook . . . A total waste. .
It need more good looks and some attractive things like gi back to news feed from a picture floting it uoward or downward
Fb is my bff
Gud
With each update this app gets worse! No data connection my a** all other apps working fine only this screwing up Boo Facebook so disappointed
Only time loss and time loss and time loss..
Good
Sucked so much
OK but updates r not satisfactory
I don't know what is better in this app but I use it
Always force close. Previous update was cool after this. I'll rate it a 5 star if you fix this problem.
Can't add pics to bccomments anymore.  Also when I click on comments. It takes me to the dame freaking status all the time. Even if I refresh and theres no new comment on that status. It could b my status or someone else's.  I'm not able to unfollow notifications on some statuses. All these problems make me think twice about being a fb member. And I've been loyal since '06
Best App Ever
didnt give 5 stars cause u will have to download the messenger to send messages
Good
Godd one
Why does this app need access to everything on my phone contacts photos messages!! Post on my behalf send txtz from my phone and edit or delete content on my memory card! Bull shit!! Uninstall!!
A pain in the behind...
I do not want to have that messager app on my phone. I just want to be able to check my messages on the facebook app
Hate the update!!!! Keeps signing me out when I click on the app, and then it says people have commented and I can not see the comment. Or when I have 12+ comments on a status then I go the next day and their all gone. Needs work fix all the problems and I'll give 5 stars again.
Connecting friends
I love it.
I love using it because it is faster to use
Its a great app popular and sociable   it allows me to remember the bitthdays of my friends and events but most of all i liked the groups system
Good
Awesome
I love facebook
Everyday this app is getting worse.
Now up date u facebook
hey it works very slow though the network is good.its nt good all the time
The last version is very good as in this version we have 2 download fb messanger and i dont like it at all. So according 2 me last version is accurate
Is a hit I like
Very very very wonderful . ..
Anising
It's kinda annoying to be updating this app so often so please stop doing if you are not going to do a great change. This new update makes the app to take forever to load pics and post. Entire dissapointing
fB
I dont want to install messenger. So annoying.
my Facebook media player keeps on boming out say unknown error  please fix this Sony xperia m and has been doing this since the new update
I like it
Pretty good works fine
Fb is secretly spying on u thru this app like, my text, me photos, recording me anytime they want this is SCARY!!!!!!
Its very easy..and fast
Yass
Good
Aplikasi yang bagus until terhubung dengan teman-teman, keluarga, the big family dan berbagi saran, foto
5 Star app for android
You seriously need to download messenger why all it dose is takes up my space
Facebook
Jngan ptah smngat ok
Plus 90MB of ram? want most recent stories first!!. !Videos autoplay , even if i set it to "off". Stop bothering me, i dont want to download messenger!!!.Good thing i was finally able to delete this stupid built in app
App
Sometimes it hang,please fix this and it need me to download messenger...hate...just waste my data
i like thia and soo meny peoples meeted in the facebook
Love it
Its ok
Oh yea
Every time I use the app it opens up were all hunky for a about 5 mins then it will freeze. I have to close the app and re open it.
When i upload the pictures,  it will upload the pictures in low quality even if the pictures are of high quality.
:)
Down to two stars due to the captions on photos that were no longer showing on each photos and u have to edit the caption before it shows.. fix it !!!
Not yet some campalin
Access to everything, what for?
Loved it
badass
Always superb
Love it
Wants yo m. Inform bit its ok.
This aaps is wonderful..
This app not allowing me to see my messages and asking to download messenger........ Even after dpwnload i cant see messages through this app
Its very good app on mobile
Says free but ask for a credit card or debit card free he'll
I used to be able to log in no prob through the app now everytime I try it won't let me.  Keeps saying I have a network problems yet I can use my internet just fine through Wi-Fi and my data. My facebook works sort of on my web page.  Is there any fix?
Sweet
Awesome but has just a few flows though
It keeps closing out and it's super slow
Up dated it on Xperia sp on 4.3 and works way more slower than before
man I updated my facebook app an now it wont let mee on my page can ue fix this please . as urv recked my facebook fix asp
I will be deleting the app again as soon as my pics are up. You suck, Facebook. Facists.
Facebook
Deal or no deal
Fine With it
I ilovee fb
I cant use facebook anymore, it just closes... so I hv to use facebook via opera mini. Fix these.
I just loved it
Facebook has access to everything on your phone. Including watching you through both front and rear camera. Was on the news.
Super
Why is Facebook killing 49% of my battery? It appears to have started doing this after the last two updates. Also, my news feed is EXTREMELY SLOW now, even after I restart my phone, and tried uninstalling/reinstalling the application. Please fix! I will then change my review.
Ndw
Love it
Facebook and games
For an older version
Loved it
Smoked it
NB
sai go
I enjoy having Facebook to keep in touch with your friends and family member. Since I've been using Facebook, l heard from friends and relatives that I have not seen in a while.
I won't download messenger change the settings so I can still talk to me people in the Facebook app
I don't want facebook to have access to my contacts, web history, camera or microphone. Mind your own business Facebook!
Research says Facebook is no.1 cause of depression, 3 stars for the positives and negatives
That was the last straw, goodbye facebook!
Mr
This is bullshit!!
Awsome
The app will constantly force stop itself when using it on my galaxy s3  but works fine on my tablet. Hurry up and fix it because it's incredibly annoying
Hello
Hate the new update.
It sucks. -_-
What can you say its facebook!
So good(^_^)
Now it a good one....
U love this app
No need of all that.
Grow up idiot!
I didn't like anymore the newer version. The apps is getting to slow to load. Always pop up a force close notification.
Loads fast
Good
Once I updated the I can't barely watch a video, it's freezes...
Improve speed and required gujrati language..
Cool app
you need get it you can see almost all people who you know
Don't like
Meh
Its fun and masaya nmn but i have one problem hindi qu ma change ung email add qu ill give 5 rate kapag pwedi ng i chane ung aking email..........
I think it is absurd that Facebook needs access to all of my photos, contacts, and can even record at any time without my consent. With that being said I have to have the app so I can upload a picture since I cannot do so online from my phone. This is wrong, very wrong.
Facebook needs too much information.
Facebook
lovr it
Not happy with the access u require to all my private contacts messages camera etc on my phone will be uninstalling messenger and prob Facebook too unless it's changed
Todos
Very good nicely Apps
Its ok
For the last week or two I keep getting a message that says something like "Sorry the profile picture cannot be updated at this time. Please try again later." WTF?
Very excellent application
Gaurav soni
Itsss perfect
You must be interested
Good better best
i cant play video here at facebook
Ok
Nice
Ya its pretty good for android
Anytime I log in old feeds always await me..please fix that problem I love the creativity and the graphics
Dislike Invasion of Privacy
Rakesh sharma
Cant play videos my family n friends post!
Sahanagowda
Plz improve this fb aap
it's ight
I loved it very much
Krian be
Nice app
Great app
Always the best
Love it!
Super
i lyk ur photo
Very good one thing you can't kept your pass word
Superbbbbbb
cant even install it after uninstalling the app :(
Sorry
Amazing!
Not as good as older
Not happening. What'll happen instead is you will lose points for this.
New version doesn't support videos on my canvas 4..  ?  -_-
Its a good app for the go and has everything i need
Force closes from start up and force closes in the background as well
Nice
REALLY STRANGE!!!
I don't know yet, just installed it about 5 minutes ago. Reviews I read before installing were confusing, some said good, some said not good. Why do you ask for rating when first installing this app? The idea is good, although I haven't used app yet, so can't give 5 stars, maybe l8tr I can, we'll see.
No problems
Hate it so much
I can't watch videos properly
Good.
Won't let me in
Superbb
I hope this the last time to download my facebook app.i always delete my facebook app.because sometimes but always i  use facebook app.after i download it after 5to 1week my facebook application is not working.
Nice
I like new version baki sab bakbash
I never had any problems with the FB app up until recently. After installing the most recent update the app constantly freezes after launch. After launch, it is buggy and laggy, scrolling through newsfeed can be very frustrating. Hope it gets fixed soon.
Facebook indeed help me to have constant touch with loved ones around the world.
It Doesn't Let Me Watch Videos And It Says I Have No WiFi Or Signal When I Actually Do
Moving messenger to a separate app is plain stupid....
kalpesh rajput
Wow
Great way to hear from your friends... keep up with events around the world...see others apinions... Only one proplem I have in geting the videos playing ...If you are not signed in nonstop to Fb100 % off the time then they must punish you ... they will not work..now im trying to reinstall...lets see if they will give me a break...
Mines dont work
Every time i try opening it it shuts off!
Vanzana
me encanta este app del face hace toda maas facil
Won't let me watch videos on new update xperia z2
I love this application
It's super easy I can't uninstall! But I would like my privacy to be mine!! I seen on the app information that the Facebook app can take photos and audio recording with out my permission AND read my SMS text messages with out my permission no matter the privacy settings!? Please let me know why?!!
Male
Very Good
I can't watch the videos..... Always stop ant can't play it
Needs too much off my imfo
good
Nn tu t'es tromp¨¦ de personne
:-)
Wowo
Looove it
Awesome
Too intrusive
Like it
so nice and good to chat with friends and any kind
I'm still finding that my recent feed goes from 25 minutes ago to 4 hours ago. It's annoying and I miss most updates because of it.
Not happy with user agreement still all this corporation has done is hide more and more information and make the user agreement more vuage once again willnot download you are signing your privacy over to who knows who by agreeing
I like it
Lupit
Take it with new iconable future.....
Mu
facebook apps
Good
But it's cool to be connected with friends and family!  :-)
Love Facebook but hate that it keeps telling me to download messenger and won't show me my messages. My phone won't let me download messenger so its really annoying!
Very Good
Its ok but pls dl8 all phornographics vedio and photos aplud by the users.
Why do yall got to stalk & all that s#!t
this app has caused a lot of frustrating days. many slow moments. I've just decided to go on to Facebook through my phone's Web browser. As successful as Facebook is known to be, it is disappointing to see that they have came out with an update that just made matters worse.
Sangat suka
Nice app
not bad
I love facebook
sharminakther
Doesn't load sometimes. And since new update pics and videos aren't coming up or loading
You don't need access to all my information
Latest update constantly bothers you with notifications and won't let you check messages without downloading a separate app.
My rating will go up when my news feed doesn't keep refreshing while I'm in the middle of reading something. Every 3 minutes man. And bring back chat to this app instead of trying to rape our privacy on the messenger app.
Good app.
What ever
wow
No privacy .
Stop forcing us to use messenger
Best app among all
Is Facebook f****** serious right now? Why the hell do you need to contact my personal information just for me to scroll through the f****** feed on my phone? I don't even use Facebook!  Plus, the messenger crap is dip s*** stupid!  Uninstalling!
Nice
F-secure
Y do I keep on CRASHING
Convention center n.o.
It just won't connect or update anything. Besides, so much spying really upsets me. Fb makes me uncomfortable now that I see they want permission to basically everything.
Gary's
Privacy
Gud job
I will have the app on my phone. and it absolutly drains it from a 100% to 5% in a hour. (and its a new battery too.) ill even have it set to where it doesn't check facebook after so long.
I like it its not only faster its easier
excilent in use....
For me excellent
Love Facebook it works perfect on my phone
26/8/214
I like it so much better than vine and instagram
i don't like
good
Quite fast.
Amazing
Facebook messenger
Great
You guys should just make a fast and reliable Facebook app, not a slow and fancy one.  Seriously.  The current app SUCKS!
Nice
Needs a "turn off notifications" option for events.  It's obnoxious when I get a notification every time someone posts on an event wall.
Wow
Very mast
Works well 75% oof the timt
after the last update the app is loading images with a very low reslution please fix that
Wayyyy too many permissions!! Ppl deserve apps as well as privacy.
It sucks fix what ever is wrong with it

awesome
Excellent
Lovd this app
Facebook is not working
It won't stop lagging and freezing up on me :/
Why have to take away the msg function and moving to fb messenger? Downgraded the fb only. Ppl are trying to update and add in more function and fb is taking out the function.
I had this app set to manual update... now stupid google play updated and now i have no control over hardly anything in my phone! It now does not give me the option to manual update. Everything is forced to automatic update
goot
:'))
It is best app
This app is very user friendly. the navigation between pages is very quick and videos and photos can be viewed very easily without any delay. I rate this app 5/5
12345678
I do not wish to share my information with anyone. Facebook clearly does not feel the same way. Refuse to download Messenger.
Love it because I can text my friends from last year that go to a different school
This is the only app where we share pics and see our smartness with people's likes...
I Like F.B
Mikail
Super
Very very slow
Its ok but when on my home labtop  its hared er to use, becuase my Windows 7 is older Verizon and I don't want Windows 8 becuase its hared er to use and more difficult to use so how do I go about getting my facebook on labtop to were its secure when I am on facebook, ?
You don't need to have that much access to my camera microphone contacts and picture. If I want to use your messenger part I have to download your app. Lol deleting now.
Haven't tried newest app yet ....not sure I want to after reading some of the others comments!?!
Jay gurudav
It is a old version
Cocok buat Gaul bro
Gud aapp...really love it
Can't change news feed to get recent stories everything is hours and days old
Cool:)
Good
Best for connectivity. Friends.relations.guidence. help.like minded fields.......so many.thnx.
Why do you need access all the stuff in my phone?
Wow amazing
Great
Please fix it
Good
Facebook
Massage from charlotte

Alot of crash when opening "most recent"
Cool beans lol
Pretty much everyone's on Facebook, but the problem is that its goal is to completely know exactly what you do, who you know, all of your interests and so on. And almost every other social media website requests your Facebook? I cannot fathom why these social media websites want to know every piece and bit of who I am, down to 'every' last detail. Once we accept those terms of agreement, all that information is permanent. My point is, Facebook leave me alone and stop asking me so many questions.
I don't do Facebook but we'll see how it goes :-\
Jasitanj
Why are you making us download your messaging app to get ours messages?  No one wants the stupid app so stop it.
Whyyyy i cant open my fb???n my other apps???
Not opening
We should be able to upload HD videos without automatically compressing them once uploaded, especially through wifi (and mobile data optional). This is unacceptable.
Loved it
Good
I love keeping in contact with family and friends. However, I find myself working a lot, so having Facebook on mobile makes it so much easier to communicate with them no matter how much I'm on the go.
It's a great app
I hate the messenger permissions and the Facebook permissions.  You are greedy people who put money ahead of your customers!
Please allow me to keep on my sd card as I can't install the update, my phone has a bunch of unnecessary but required apps that I can't delete thanks
Always updating to something better. Love it!
Facebook
If did you know..!
Nice app..
Why u need sync my personal contact, picture & etc
Nice improvements
Cool
Make my day every day
I hit "update" and haven't been able to install it anymore going on 3 wks.. ur site sux..it's a shame..
Need to be updated
Fb does not need to have access to MY PERSONAL pics, contacts, phone numbers ETC!! I will share what I choose to share.
It has all that I need and more. With Messenger I can really have friends all over the world. And it's free! I know privacy is a problem. Hope they will change this in the near feature. I use my mobile just for entertaintment, it is not a tool for work, people!!
I like it but they will not give proper reason why I am blocked what I did wrong till how many days I am blocked
Highlet look
Good
I claim You people to meet and greet.But it's all about tne mighty dollar.Hell I can by a date without paying for this BullShit.
Good
I used to love fb, but I will no longer be using it because of the new terms and conditions. It's stupid how you need the messenger in order to see msgs. I will never go back to fb and I hope everyone else will open their eyes and see what bs this is.
Good apps
I don't like being forced to install messenger, to send and receive messages,  I would have installed it if they had no access to my personal messages and pictures on my phone. So now I leave messages on people's wall instead of private messages.
Memang terbaik
much fun and enjoyable
Loads extremely slow even on WiFi
Is it a way y'all can make it where we can turn off receiving game notifications. It's aggravating. I don't want to have to unfriend anybody. Pleaseeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee fix this.
Dr. Noman Shaikh
Super
I know im not the only one experiencing this error on their xperia z2 but someone needs to get this fixed.
Need Big Update!!! Again! Can't play Video and Closes my Facebook and it keeps returning to my home screen. Need Optimization for Android 4.3 JB... I've already Clear the Cache and logout but still!!! Can't play the Video... What's happening?! Update needed!!! Pls. ;-)
Nice yar
So clavr
The update is really good
I luv it
The Mobil Facebook on my phone is better than on my tablet. It goes back to top after a post or just looking at something and returning to timeline. Almost every time it just doesn't stay at the area of my timeline I'm looking at. I don't want to see the top of my timeline yet.
New version is better then older
You know the permissions aren't just on facebook? Look at all of the popular apps nowadays. They all have special permissions that are un needed. Most people dont read the things like this. The government is using this as a loop hole to invade our personal privacy. I mean seriously when's the last time someone actually read the terms and conditions?
Good for people to communicate with each other
I laik to facebook....facebook is very nice yous ful shere vidio....photo....I love u...facebook......
It's an Irreplaceable app! But here, on my samsung galaxy tab 3 7", the font is too small to read! App's font doesn't affected by system font! I wish that developpers provide an option to size the font.
The only reason I am a part of this stupid social network and have this terrible app is for the few important people in my life who demand to use Facebook as their means of communication. Crap app, crap ads, crap posts, crap everything.
mm, It's ok.
On my Xperia Z1 the app keeps crashing and switching off my phone's screen, and it then can't be turned back on for about a minute. Videos don't work. Also, NOT a fan of the app's special permissions, can't view the 'others' inbox on phones (why?), can't mass-move photos between photo albums (on p.c or phone, has to be done painfully, one at a time!) and it sucks that we HAVE to install the separate messenger app to instant message on facebook.
Mines don't even work on wifi. Galaxy note3
Why do you guys need so much access to my phone privacy?? Pics, videos , hard drive, emails wtf you look for ??? Hell  No instagram doesn't even ask for that much bee... ya can keep both apps n shove it u know where......
I love this app...its great
Why should you be allowed to go through all of our phones, tablets, or whatever even though this is a free country? If this is so equal why is it that you are secretly AND ILLEGALLY breaking our amendment of privacy by going through all of our stuff. This is happening in Jackson County Sylva North Carolina where our rights are being taken by invading our private lives and still wanting us to enjoy it. Our economy and government has gone to hell by putting the PEOPLE AND CITIZENS under the bus.
I love it
Not willing to give Facebook access to all of my messages, and camera. Just deleted this app. Make sure you know what access you are giving with the new message app.
Sucks it keeps freezing in my s4
This app is the shizznitt...lol
You can suck me I'm not going download your stupid messenger and give up my rights
Good
Sooo now fcbk bumps u off things(comments, notifications, etc) or 2 somewhere else; entirely. Still can't play videos...I really don't see a diff..the download time? Or the reinstalling time? Yep, muuuuch longer. Also, should not have 2 reset recent history constantly...obviously most ppl want chronological order. 2 many ads all over. Really buggy.
I am furious with the new update, due to not being able to use msg on my account instead of downloading the stupid msg app ! Not happy FB
easy to use
Help doesn't reply to my questions.
Awesome
I don't understand why you need access to my personal info on my phone?  Texts etc no thanks!  And so trying to automatically upload without my permission to my device ffs!
Rocktosodon.
Facebook is like a family to me, I met superstars and through Facebook my faith in God is strengthen. Thanx mark for your creation
Why this app is not movable to sd card, it stores only in phone memory
constantly crashed on videos.Freezes every 5 minutes...brutal update.will be uninstalling if it isnt fixed soon
I didn't appreciate FB automatically updated my app without out my permission!!! I have it set to ask permission. I didn't want to update it because FB are a bunch of snoops! There is absolutely no reason why you need access to all of my contacts, messages etc.!
I believe it's a way for big brother to track people and I think it's an evil making problems
No app should need full info in my phone or page
The app was acting up. So I un installed it. And now it won't install back.  Says error -24 very unhappy.
Wont let me share from the app anymore
Just terrible.  This is an awful application and they just keep making it worse.  Why?  Why?  Don't do it.  Don't you dare install it
Contact,pics etc shouldnt be access
Update ur Facebook my brother update his Facebook and u can talk to friend now I know it facebook
Loved it
It runs
Dont like how its forsed me to get messenger. I dont need it! Plus for WHAT fb need my contacts, voice and all that stuff?!
What's the point of having a beautiful app with everything you need if you now have to download another app just to chat.  I'll sign in through Google Chrome.
Fb app are so sucks now cause I can't get a notifications on my friends that I want to notify me and the pages that I want to get in notification was not showing in my notification caused you don't fix the actual problems of of app in android/ios new version!!!Fix it now.
The app had been working good.  This last update has made the app worthless.
There making me download an app just so I can talk to my friends no I would rather skype them instead
Lag
Please I need since I downloaded this app my facebook dont work it keep bringing me back to my phone home page help I will give you. 5 star
The only reason I uploaded this app was to upload a video, because you can't apparently upload videos on a mobile, on the online Facebook. Unless you're doing so.. I would not recommend this app; just use your browser instead. It's slow, crashes constantly, & not only that but you have to download messenger (a separate app) an order to view or send messages to people now. Just not worth my time unless a video needs to be downloaded.
No privacy
I like the newest update.. it's more faster than ever..
It doesn't tell me when i have a message and it constantly wants me to download messenger , its late on everything and it just needs a update all the time or it wont work , and it takes to much space not everyone has all the space in the world in their phone.
So much drama
Too much access requested. Great otherwise.
The videos always freeze! I can't watch my friend singing some cover she made or random "best vines." Urghhhhhhhhh
can't play any videos after updating still can't play any videos!!!!
Loco
Cant even uninstall this. Why do I have to have facebook on my phone?
Es incre¨ªble comunicarse con gente que se encuentra lejos de uno
What is up with the glitches here lately?!
It's fun
security breech
Facebook application
Saya suka
Sucks
Masudrana9999
Good
Super
It's way better than it was. I don't understand why my son has a different version than I do tho. We have the same phone.
Session keeps expiring over and over again. I've deactivated, cleared cache, history, etc. Changed password, deleted app and rein stalled. Still same issue.
Good but randomly stop or kicks off Facebook
Why do we have to install messenger just to see and send messages?
I just want to see my messages without using messenger. Messenger takes up to much space on my phone also Facebook and Messenger have been messing up. >:(
huge install size, slow and heavy for just Facebook access.. come on guys.. you can do better than this...
Hate everything about the new facebook
BRING BACK MESSENGER
I love facebook
love it
This software is best.
I have to download  cleaning problem to go faster
Useful for stalkers and weirdos.
So nic its is
P
Its great
Its koo
Recently started having the issue of Facebook app freezing when after I open it. Can't do anything.
Super
This auto play on videos sucks.
Bonbon
Great for meand my friends
Yess  I do
Up
It won't let me view friends profiles not even my own it automatically boots me out...
Beautiful
Nice work
Need fixes,Force closes constantly it sucks !
The bestia
Getting sick of it force closing on me saying Facebook is not responding. Will go back to 5 stars when fixed. FYI just updated and still doing it.
It's so slow even when IM in 4g places plz fix
Like it
I don't like this at all what append to the old Facebook
Liked.
Facebook
Me to log out
The messaging dont work anymore.
The best way to keep in contact with family and friends. .
I don't want to install a Facebook messengers apps .because he can't log out itself.
Perfect
please solve problem
The Facebook app uses a lot more data than you would probably expect, so be careful with it if you're traveling . user interface is what you would expect, you get all your news stories and your pages . One of my greatest complaints about this app, however, is the fact that you have to download a separate messaging app . I wish Facebook would just stick with how they used to do the app and have the messenger included within the same app.
Really help me to find friends who lost for a years....and now i can find them; thanks FACEBOOK
It's crashing on me a whole bunch of times. Facebook wasn't like this and its getting annoying
Doesnt open! And anything related to facebook like other apps also dont open
Love it
ALEXANDER BARKER
I think it's BS that this app needs access to all of your personal information such as your sms txt messages, camera, photos, contacts, calendar, location, images that you've already taken on your phone and much more, that's just a bit too much info to give away just to be able to use an app!
Super
B
Good
Very disappointed...too slow and needs access too everthing
It's a terrific app
There is no reason you need access to everything on my phone. I think it ridiculous, so I removed the app.
All
Very good
Love Faceboob...am so addicted to ths app
Nice but need to be fast
Good
It works perfectly
When im using facebook..every 2-3min.. Unfortunately facebook has stopped..

There is no reason Facebook should have access to all my info!!!!  This is TOTAL BULLSHIT!!!
Facebook, your bugging my phone and I don't want your company listening to my conversations or watching my camera.
New update sucks fb!!! It constantly freezes when I try to scroll passed a video on my news feed when I'm not even trying to watch the crap!! Plz fix asap I didn't have this problem before.
Love the app but not the permissions it wants
Good
I unfollow & still get feeds. Edits don't save.
Very happy, thanx!
Downloading speed is slow
Cool it get what I want and is not slow
Like it very much
Love
I staring not to like it because I cant log in to my account I did a lot of things to login my Facebook account was log out I didn't do it
Since last update, FB keeps freezing or shutting down abruptly.Why???
App really sucks lately...pictures and comments don't load and the feed randomly gets stuck, even on wifi. This has been a problem for two months now, incredibly ridiculous.
This app is the only one that constantly freezes on my phone.
Won't load!
They can access your whole phone
Facebook does not need as much access to private information on our phones.  This bothers me.
I hate the old one
Nice to know new friends
I like it
Now I can't reinstall facebook in my phone. I uninstall due to the matter  of memory full... please fix this

I like the new update
chiba ken
Great app
The news came outshot the messenger having full access to your phone like your contacts calls even picture and camera I noticed even the Facebook app is doing the same thing so both are no longer on my phone and I know it's a result of me receiving texts and phone calls from people I don't know. Think about it. If your getting the same thing you might as well get rid of them to
Very good
stupid formation code does not work
Constantly freezes. Besides the completely BS permissions this app is just absolute crap.
It appears that I cannot play some videos, I tap the video and a pop up says "An unknown error occured while playing video". Also people shouldn't honestly care what they can see. If you aren't doing anything illegal, you have nothing to worry about.
I will not let you use all my contacts, turn on my camera when you want to. This is my phone not yours, Facebook.
Love it.
I cant watch the videos... Always stop and cant play it
Very nice
Excellent
good
This new update keeps closing after about 30 seconds after I open it. The last update did the same thing. It's getting annoying!!
Like
why every thing cannot ?? :-/
098251033
Negros Oriental
FB wants way too much information.
DO YOU DEVELOPERS EVEN READ YOUR REVIEWS CUZ IM PRETTY SURE IF YOU DID, THEN YOU WOULD TRY TO FIX UR RETARDED APPS!!! D:<
Why do u need permission to use my very private data .. why microfone and camera .. why should I install messenger ..... UNINSTALL
Jhakaas application
almost all my apps are already deleted just to download this -_-
Great...love it.
This has made my phone wacky , not happy with it
I can't wait till u get sued Mark zucherberg

Ajay singh
Too slow and crashes down
It cool
good for fun.
Never works.
Always having to shut off my wifi because nothing will load with it on while using fb. Uses way to much data over 4G....
Goodle com fackbook friend pepor com
Nice
New application
Its allsome
Last update totally broken on my phone. Hangs forever at "setting up facebook". Nothing useful in logcat either.  Rolling back  fixed the issue.  Facebook test your stuff better!

A huge thing I do on Facebook is message, and now I can't do that without downloading another app. I'll just stick to using my mobile internet browser
1- When i open a video i can hear the sound but there is no picture .2- why i am forced to download messenger to chat while facebook for me was enough ,3- i complained alot but there is no respone back
Updated. But it made the situation even worst. This application made my phone logged and sometimes it is forced close. I still love this app. but please fix the problems regarding to this facebook application as soon as possible. Thank you.
Love it
I keep getting notifications about a friend who posted a "popular status" with x number of likes. I. DON'T. CARE. Not only is it annoying and unneeded, there seems to be no way to opt out lol. I guess the only answer is to uninstall, which is what I am doing.
very good apps 4 communication and famous to all people.
Everything looks fine but only when playing video, it will crashed suddenly. Almost all video played are like that.
Photos take forever to load. Sometimes, my news feed will be refreshing until I force quit the app. Comments I leave in groups are eaten.  None of this used to happen. Sort it out.
Won't let me download... It says Error?
Works but can b better
Slows down, freezes, or shuts off by itself sometimes. Frequently becomes annoying.
Great
Derion green
Not sure what happened with the latest update. But Facebook freezes my phone. So awesome to have to restart my phone all the time.
Right
Just gooooood
I'm still not sure why the messaging option was taken away.  I'm not downloading the app!
Has access to everything, no privacy, very dangerous in the wrong hands, all it takes is a disgruntled employee...
How are you supposed to retrieve the confirmation number from my message service and get back to the page that asks for it.
bbc
THANKS FOR RE FIXING MSGING OPTION IN F.B APLICATION...
Messanger app doesn't work and does not work in this app either. All the access requested and it still doesn't work.
So many glitches, I don't even know where to start.
This is a really stupid idea and should not be used. You will be giving Facebook the rights to use whatever information including any voice mail photos  videos and history. DON'T USE MESSENGER keep yourselves and friends safe

After my update, it didn't open anymore.
Its  tooo much slow !
I love to use facebook...its easy to connect all my friends.
While I tried to tag my friend's name in a message, the name couldn't come out, or while I search the name to tag in the photo, there's no search result coming out, I have to scroll down from the name list one by one to find it.
Prefer older versions where they didn't force people to install extra messengers? Uninstall both and just use a shortcut to your facebook homepage from any browser you like. That way you avoid all the extra battery and ram usage of these two crappy apps.
But the problem is I cant send video in messagss
Every time I make a new account that always get disabled by Facebook, that I have to go through a security check, like really? And now when I try to get rid of the app it's not letting me.
loun meas
Gets worse and worse with each update.  Everything lags, pictures don't load, etc.
I don't want fb to share my stuff or stalk me why does this happen I don't  have a home computer so I have to delete this ap and.       re-install it
Why do you need to see all my contacts and stuff
Great app
Love
I love it
Goodsocial network
For the past few updates i haven't been able to open the app all it does is show the splash screen with the words "Setting up Facebook..." and it never opens. Maybe if Facebook had some kind of support service there would be less issues
I downloaded the app and all it does is say setting up Facebook. It wont even work! Fix it Facebook you're slacking.
Easy to use.
It freezes it you open it and closes the app.. The new update does not have a new look and the news feed still isn't updated  to current time....please fix...Samsung Note 3
It constantly locks up and shuts down. You can't go one minute on it before it does this. Plus you have to get another app just to check messages! Crazy! Wish it would either go back to the old way or some other social network will be getting other people.
Facebook. You don't know the person that has account. Block me out of my account. and I give up.please close out my account.Beverly Smith. I will not try again.
Shotty
I had no problems with this app
Facebook
Facebook DOESN'T need my info! !
Like ...
Good
SickLAD
Why is the government allowed to see what we're doing when its none of their business if somebody from the government sees this message me
App was great until Facebook made it to where you had to use the messenger app to read messages. Made this app completely useless
Too much of a pain in the yo u know what to set up an account.
It's always glitching on me and shutting myself off, is it because the games on facebook are filled up with viruses.
After i Downloaded this app my date changed to Yesterdays  the pictures i would take today would get yesterdays date and all my recent calls and text messeges were not showing !!!!! I deleted it and i still have these problems whats going on !!! Hack!?
V......good
Very very slow >_< !! ,, hate it :/
good snd fast
Invasion of privacy
it's a great social network..it could be the be the best one....but u need to fix it with an update!it always forces close....  :(  let's update pls !!!  ;)
Chat site@ to make friends
Dear Facebook, why do you insist on invading my privacy.. If I wasn't using you on my tablet, which I have no private info on, I wouldn't use you at all.. Shame on you.
Gum
Wicked
Hi
Exelente
Jc just cool
Why is the downloading so slow ? In my other phone it was fast but now... Please fix
Boom panes!
Working great
facebook
Its always stop.. Closes and s hard to open and stay open

Stop trying to take over everyone's life, Facebook.
Were not living in the 1900s anymore government corporations are spying on you through technology and since facebooks so popular they pretty much force you to give them access to your private info . Thanks to all who realize the problem , dont download the app , might as eell delete your account
Love facebook app its easier to get to facebook
Rocktosodon.
Doesn't work at all
Love the new updates
Cant see my feed, scrolling across all areas sucks as it does it automatically.  Im going to uninstall...
God is good
Its deleting my  message's n not letting me see them anymore. Some time it will say the message have been move to messager n I don't want to download app. Please fix the problems with the messages
I wish I could be on Fb
Jst make ur apps nce i wll gave 5 star
I can't Access  my notification what should i do??
Won't let me upload videos from my LG Optimus Pro, and the only way i can cancel the upload once it freezes is to delete the app, and reinstall it
I want to be use
Freezes alot.
Keeps freezing all the time
It took me a while to decide to update the app. With all the new info it was requesting I held off. The app started to slow down a ton so I finally just bit the bullet.... Ive regretted ever since. I hate the new lay out and how it doesn't give me the newest stories. I also hate that even after I updated it still runs slow.. I really contemplated deleting the app all together. New update please!
Facebook is a magic posien that makes you forget who you really are.
I like it
I can't download it now, the downloading process stops at 92%. Even the messenger.
It's OK in general, but the app freezes too much, rendering me pretty much unable to do anything on it. I can check the status updates of my friends and whatnot, but just browsing around is almost impossible with all the lag.
This app shows I have have fb for most things. Why? I don't want too. It's annoying. And now my fb is shut dwn outta of nowhere. Im locked. Plze restore my acct. Or im heading to your headquarters and complain. I only live 20 mins. Away from you.
Why does facebook want access to all my info and pics. This is a invasion of my privacy. Please change it back.
Why do you need all my info
Requests too much access. Really creepy intrusion of privacy.
Swipe nice..
why facebook need access to my whole mobile
I LIKE THIS APP A LOT!!!!!!!
This is the place to be sometime
I just love it !
Easy to click life's move
Appi need help to get back on my fac booker
F.Ck fb massanger.I not need that.
Very easy to use
Require way to much info that is not necessary
Terribleeeee
Chris
Alot of crash
I will not install messager. Bull
H
Nice..
Can't share posts since latest update.
Favorite spot
It is an amazing app , I maked an e-mail on it since 2009

Cool
I deleted then re installed it. And now its always saying force to close fb. Didnt have trouble with it before updating it all time. Please fix it
Why do Facebook need access to all my pictures and my phone. Why they need to spy on me. And why do they need access to my camera and microphone. Is it that they can record me when ever they want
Yummy
Good
It asks for so many unnecessary permissions. For example, why does Facebook need directly call phone numbers without my input, read my SMS, or take pictures without my confirmation? This app as hacking millions of users. It also tends to store excess data by preloading video data that doesn't get deleted automatically.
:)
Nice
Mahmud
And why do you need to know my information this is just facebook. I'm debating about just deleting it.
La verdad no conf¨ªo en fb, trato de limitar todo con relaci¨®n a mi, porque todo lo quiere saber!
Really? You need access to my camera and microphone?
This latest update force closes, freezes & makes my phone unresponsive. Needs to be resolved as I have gone back to factory settings.
wonderful
Nice
Keeps freezing
Password
"Communications through this technological App is seriously important to those of us who need each other!"
G
Facebook is messaging people on my account and my friends are saying why im messaging them and im not
I hate massenger
Laggy as hell and won't play videos properly
Keeps taking a long time to load up before you can sign on. Things keep popping up as you are typing, and it doesn't use the Facebook pop ringtone when I receive a notification. Please fix now!
Since last update my facebook is well and truly f*#**d, cant get on any group pages or games etc.
Facebook messenger is veryyyy baaaaaaaaaaaaadddd
On anticipation of mass exodus due to your forcing all users to use external MESSENGER app to collect more in ADS.  TERRIBLE DECISSION
If I could uninstall the update I would. Won't work most of the time. Getting a "setting up Facebook" msg and then in freezes and kicks me out. Fix it!!!!
It said error in code (-24) while installing
Good
When I click on a picture or status and I want to see who liked it it won't work as it should. Sometimes it works and most of the times nothing happens. Fix it. Android version 4.4.2
Like
Love it !
Waiting for the new look for GALAXY ACE 3
Prefer the old Facebook don't like these new updates gets worst and worst!!
Crashing video when watching
bijaya
Just use the browser to send messages. FB actually used my video camera last week while I was at work! I got home and found a video I didn't record waiting for my permission to post! Scary
Update another version.very slowly in my phone.
Very Good
If I wanted to watch a video on fb I would click the play link. Video preview only slows down my phone. This needs to be fixed or go away altogether
Its ight
It. Sucks
I unistalled Facebook because I don't want Big Brother charting my every move forward you've gone too far!
You should make facebook like it was, i hate the fact that you are able to get on my camera and see anything you want,or read our txt, or find out where we are exactly, if you dont fix this i hope people strike on your entire company so you lose alot of money and end up having to do what the public wants so you can make enough money. And people they can literaly see absolutely anything they want on your phone or computer and it is called invasion of privacy you have no right to do this. And they ownwhatsapp
I having problem in downloading dis app
Very good app i like it
Ela
Its an amazing app. Keep it up!
Why do they need access to everything on my phone. That seems like an invasion of privacy to me. Makes phone run slow because its doing it big brother thing. Not worth it.
Good
Better Than The Computer
Asl ice
Facebook is harvesting data.
Every time i try downloading Facebook it always says couldn't install app because error "-24"
97466880
Its nice now i can f ap to my friends profile pics tnx: )
Unknown. Bug .........       or eror plz fix if you fix it I'll. Give 5 Star
Samsung galaxy SL
We can't message any of our friends. It tells us to buy the messenger app. Tell me this, Y IS THE BLOODY MESSAGE WIDGET THERE? Is it for display?
After all the negative reviews you STILL haven't fixed KNOWN issues! LG Optimus G Pro after update I  can't upload videos. I was able to before. Please fix!
Fb is force stopping. Wont load but messenger works fine.
Keeps kicking me off
I love it is my life lol
Super
Its very inimating  but the hell needed to be aleays connected in the internet can ee use even no access in the internet world
Helpfull app
Okay, first, facebook is not looking at you through your phone, it's not getting your contacts or whatever, it would require special permisson for that. Secondly, fb...please sort out the timeline! It is rather annoying looking at posts from days ago! .
Just read the permissions before you download- it may change your mind...
You don't need access to all my contacts, pictures, videos, and messages
Love Facebook!
Logs itself out, freezes and shows notifications that don't exist. Now requires messenger app to use alongside it.
Nice version
very nice
Great
This apps is retarted
Yes this is a good app but I think the problem is where dis Facebook Messenger app is blocking my inbox.Pls fix that 4me and other Facebook users, it's been 2weeks or so
Schooled at mbezi beach high school
I love this app so much!!
Fantastic
Lifeline of  thrd gen..
Ok
This app force stops videos don't play and they jump and you ask for way to much information..... please fix
Perfect
No comment
I take back my rant yesterday because I contacted face book support and they were awesome and quick getting my fixed up. I apologize for my actions and whom ever may have read my post. FB 5 STAR! :)
not understanding why FB needs access to my entire phone? plus it keeps crashing. how annoying.
Facebook
Hate that the new fb reads your messages and hate that they can see you through the camera .. Like what is that?  Thats our privacy
Good I liked this
New version sucks
Good
love baye
kokomyo
App won't let me see all of the posts on my news feed. When I like a page-that means I want to see ALL of their posts. When I click on the "most recent" news feed that means I want to see ALL of the most recent posts-not just the ones the losers at Facebook want me to see. I'm about ready to delete my entire account.
Why should facebook get access to all my info ??
Thats goood i liked
I can't believe that applications messenger and facebook are so slow and that it works so bad. Lack of privacy is another story. Unbeliavable.
Face it!  It's a great application.
app is using a lot of storage space and ram memory and is not very smooth when scrolling  on my nexus 7 II

No app needs that much access to your device and since the latest upgrade videos no longer work on my Sony Xperia SP. This app is woeful in the extreme. Time to delete!
Recently the app has been really slow.... it crashes constantly.  The issue needs to be addressed before it escalates..... come on guys work yer magic and fix! Thanks
Will not play videos and posts most of my pictures sideways.
Facebook
My app is constantly freezing ever since the app updated recently. Quite annoying.
Awsom
Why do you need access to all my personal information, I was going to install but I have changed my mind now, I don't know who is on the other end of this app looking at all my data on my phone!!!!!
Myst just stop showing errors
Good
Access to my camera and audio recorder? I didn't think this was China.
yes
The older fb app is nice.bring it back.
Good
Maira beta Maier Jan.
Good
Best app ever
Wonderful
Facebook Is just a way for the government to control us like sheep they want to know your phone number, adress, contacts, text messages. Its a bunch of bullshit what fun is looking at someones thoughts?
Nice apps
Love it
This app is great the messenger app sucks. You don't need to access all that information on my phone
Not working properly , plz fix the bugs
Yo
freezes when i visit a page
Don't have that fone anymore it's a Xperia L
Why do you need to have access to my microphone camera contacts and basically everything private on my phone? You even now need the ability to go through my text messages? Military state much
Forces you to have messager that sucks!
Boniswa
Love it
Perfect apps
Update incompatible
It does laggs a little
I'm experiencing problems when I switch from feeds to notifications.  Sometimes, when I tap on the notification button, it just shows what I looked at last from tapping on my out-of-app alerts.  Please correct!
I like facebook
Good
Why do u need all this information? Why can't i access inbox without downloading your messenger? Fix this
Why do you need my contacts?
Why do you need access to nearly everything in my phone? Why does it take uo so much memory? Why do I have to install messenger?  For real this app is really starting to suck. I hate messenger, you don't need all my info on my phone, and dang Change the news feed back to the way it was it is worse then ever I have to constantly click most recent its getting old.
the constant respawning & memory leaks. Not thrilled about the big brother updates. Uninstalled & disabled.
Since last update facebook sucks it hang every time m quickly scroll the pics... What the hell is this. . Plzz fix it
Close all tennis live account close all
Great app if u like ti air ur laundry
ok
Like face book very much.
It very good
Great place.
Hi , this rare , because need facebook messeger for messages!
Good
Bitty hoooooo
I don't like the new update can't see the full list of members in my group or add new members it gets stuck on loading
Like
It's so frickin amazing it turned out that my older device was slowing it down
Why must I divulge so much personal information in order to use an app?
My newsfeed frequently freezes and occasionally force closes. Please fix!
I don't want facebook to have access to my camera, contacts or messages not associated with facebook.
Tal vez es mi dispositivo o falta de RAM en el pero la aplicaci¨®n va muy lenta. La reproducci¨®n autom¨¢tica de videos le quita fluidez al home y en ocaciones contribuye a que se crashe¨¦.
While posting any photograph there should be some options to put the photographer's name.
Lovely app
Videos randomly crash, it gets very annoying.
It won't let me tag ppl in pics and doesn't show me everyone's news feed and when it does its random stuff posted from a month ago instead of what was recently posted
Yeah not improved can't even open now freezes my tablet can't load messages
Bad.
Much more functionality than it used to have. But shame on them for trying to get me to download the messenger. If I need to use messages, I'll do it through my browser.
Still getting the old look. No poke option ..worst update plz help asap!! Uninstalled twice no use!
Development change is out of control and frustrating. You should be able to stick with a version for a while (year) before having to upgrade - like Windows XP users. Nobody has control of their own data or information. I couldn't change my address one time. I hate this product. Let me choose when to upgrade.
Everytime i try to get on fb immediately  log me back out this is happening sense i upgrade my FB please!! Fix!!!
Its the best!!!
You are funny facebook sence you wanna see all my business, you get one star just so i can say this, and you get this comment insted
Goood app
Po
I use Facebook every day practically but due to taking up too much room and not being able to move any data to my sd card, I'm constantly having to deal with a slower, older version because I can't update. Tone down the memory consumption Facebook!
Latif Sab facebook ziada istamal na kia Karen
Good but slow and it wont let me upload videos when it does it takes over 3 hours to do it
Why does Facebook need access to my contacts, phone, text messages, camera and my microphone ? I'm not up for letting someone spy on me. I'll pass on downloading this
Overrated
Since update FB keeps freezing and not doing anything close it go back in does the same
Cool
nice fb
Its ok but its a little slow
need faster more
Very very Nice app
Uninstalled,  if you need all that info there's no need for me to have your app.
John William
I cannot open my facebook account can you please fix this problem of mine. Always it said no network connection. but i have a good internet connection. I can open the other websites.. except facebook & facebook messenger.
Best software in the world (:
Eror new feding
older version is better than new version.
Omg it so cool i love it
Have problems loading it on my tablet
I had no problems
Fast easy brilliant

Smart boy

I liked this
App stops responding on my S5 multiple times a day. And my galaxy tab
Amazing
This its so super..
A
Facebook is so boring on mobile
Lovely app
very useful....... for breaking news .......... to chat with my school guys .........
I dont see all these problems ppl are having, some of my messaging doesn't come through, only on FB mobile
Great one
Lento
Very slow
Good
Shame on you Facebook for taking away my choice!!!
Verey   good
Why need to acess sms
Terrible app. Unneeded permissions for my phone are overly intrusive. Don't always get notifications like I should. Will never install messenger so get off that idea now zuckerburg
It said
Bring back the option to have RECENT on the front news feed! Also, fix the "turn notifications off" function. It is super annoying to constantly see that other people have commented/liked a status. Don't care.
Every time I want to message someone it goes to this stupid messenger thing.. my phone is slow when I have it.. I would like that Facebook messaging not messenger.. please fix this I wanna be able to open my Chats
The only easier access to locate love ones and friends.
Nosey
Crap face
Excellent                                  .       .
I don't understand why we need messenger just to chat with a friend I have heard that Messenger is a virus and it lets in it's a app that looks through all my stuff just to get some review and data from me and everything that I do so the buyers can   make money out of it and just  invading my private privacy
"We've moved over to messenger", good luck at the messenger.
Dumb
Everytime i try to play a video I get a page not found message. I can go on the computer click on the same link and the pages there. I would think this is a big problem that needs to be addressed quickly. 6 & I will rate better. Chrome plays the video fine on my phone so I know it is the app
Facebook just freezes when I try to play videos. Fix. This. NOW.
The videos always always always crash. Sony z1 compact.
Best
Be better if Facebook minded there own business instead of being a bunch of NARCS
A-Grade
You do not need to know anything about me other than what I post myself on Facebook. My Contact pictures and videos are none of your concern.
Very good
loved it
No app should need the access this one wants.
It's awesome howbi can have my mom on facebook
Thanks for invading my privacy so. You have gone too far.
No internet issue as per other comments prior, still works however.
Why is facebook allowed to read all messages and text NOT on facebook. my personal information and privacy is completely non of anyones business.  Recording audio and video and taking pictures without my consent is where i draw the line remove this or i will delete my account all together.
Good App
"an unknown error has occured" only happens on app.
Wanting access to all my files my camera everything wiped my hands clean.
It's cool
Nice app...
Invasion of privacy
Facebook
It takes up to much memory on your phone..I like it, but its too much when it comes to space on your phone..
Foarte bun
FB is good app...but a lot of scope to upgrade the UI.....waiting from them for new updates.... Fingers crossed.....
Some things are just not necessary- is this one way of being micro managed- leave my phone book out of this.
Slow doesn't give you notifications not the full benefit of the app but it's alright
It is great to be able to talk to friends and family too and to get to know new people and friends and pray for each other too
Won't work anymore
no messages. Comment are showing in "straight column " style sorted by time. Not in tree Style like on browser,so i can't find out who replayed on which comment. Pls fix at least that
Nice
Can improve!!??
Looks terrible on note pro 12.2
Thanks for your business and leisure facilities
jdhsjjs
Good good good
Gd
Nomi
It takes too much space in my phone's memory
i don't know what happen when i reinstall Facebook.. I've tried for few time also getting the same result.. fix it please.
very gooooood !!! :-)
:3
Facebook
Why does my whole phone gets stuck if I open this app. And why is fb messenger compulsory to download?
Facebook is using this as a spying tool. They can access anything they want on our phones!
Pls add the messenger.
its fast & keeps everything up to date
Galaxy S3
Plz update
Philippines
If keeps locking up
Best version and a bit more time
Good
Great for keeping in touch and up to date with friends
2 star because it kept on posting not responding Pls.fix and I'll re install :)
I can't put "feeling, watching, eating..."  fix it!
Not Bad!
This is an edit fro August 26. Nothing is working, everything is throwing errors. This is crap! I wish I could give it no stars! Crashing every 10-20 minutes since the update. I gave it two stars because at least now it gives me the option to report a problem BEFORE it freezes my phone. Just took away a star because after I posted this, the app completely sh** the bed and I had to uninstall.
HELL IS .. CANNOT WORK
OMG HOW CAN I COMMUNICATE TO MY FRIENDS? ! IF THIS APP
CANNOT PROCESS 

BUT ILL GIVE YOU A 5 STAR CAUSE I REALLY WANTED TO USE
Error -24 everytime i try to download....
Nice but not really perfect as we wanted..
Didn't read messages in Facebook without messenger its really bad
Jaanu
Although running this on an old device, it can barely keep up with the application.
Vai
A bit s
Working to slow..even on 3G
Very fine apps.
Go way to stay in contact with friends n family.
:-D
To all kinds easy way
I just updated and it keeps force closing.
Now why would you cripple your app like that? Not cool!
Since iv updated it its gone very slow wont respond wont let me play videos because when i try to watch a video on facebook it keeps making my phone crash its crap now i hate it 
No need to download messager in order to message
Ey man, i don't get it, every time i want to install an app, it says insufficient storage, while in reality, there is enough storage space. When i uninstall Facebook, then i get to install whatever app i want, then i again move on to install this...i don't know if it's my phone, but, if it's a bug, please fix it.      Thanks.
Sometime hang over fb, not fix pixess bug  pls improve this problem solutions
Not responding
Rajal krupa
I hve problem in my tablet its not working. It show no internet connection even i hve a connection. I dnt understand wat the hell is this
Hundal
Fully passtime app
Good
So nice!!!! App
I'm giving up on the phone app. It is super irritating when it auto refreshes and shows NEW feeds while still scrolling. WTH...
Facebook app has bug of "forced close" or it causes my phone to hang while browsing pictures, i hope you fix this bug, and please dont seperate the chat to another app
Vijay nayak
its good
I have changed my rating about facebook. 5stars. Well done!
Its ok needs to be worked on tho
Its working well
l
Fashion
Good
Comments nevers appear , loading never ends , fix it. :|

Be better
Its not work perfectly boys speed is low please do it too much faster please
Poor performance

0 stars if possible!!! How about taking some of your user's suggestions to make a better app than making it worse? I do NOT want to have a separate app so I can read and reply to my messages, especially after what permissions I saw the messenger app has. Why make a user use a whole separate app when the regular way worked just fine!? Going back to using the mobile site....
Exxxlnt vry esy to use
Kuch pane ke liye jitna jaruri he
Too much space
Like
this app is too slow
Boycott Facebook Muslims and non Muslim
E
I liked it because we can chat easily
Videos crash all the time for no reason. Really angry with rhis app.
George eilliamd

Super Log !
Like to use facebook.
EXCELLENT
Dp
Thanks
Tells the wrong time please fix
I need facebook to acces to all my friends
Freezes while scrolling newsfeed on galaxy 4s please fix this is junk and makes the app unuseable
Uninstalled and disabled. Why do I want to see stories from a week ago? I want to see what my friends are posting now. The app is useless without being able to switch to recent stories. Plus the permission it asks for are getting out of hand.
Cancel my facebook
I like to use this app
More fans
Good
Would be a whole lot better without the long list of permissions needed to use the app. Personally I dont see why the app needs access to camera, messages and calls. C'mon facebook, we are entitled to a little thing called 'Privacy'
I loved it
Im using micromax canvas 4 , when ever i open any videos in my updates it closes fb app and comes to home screen .fix it
Can't download giving me a error code of -24 please help
O
Love
Force close
Eassy to Use
Good
This app keeps freezing and force closing it's doing me no good if i can't even use it.
My fb now very slow app sometyme really I hate fb.
Binhi
Good
Nahid
Why it alert the notification tune with ringtone volume not notification volume... sound annoying!!!
Its nice
Gd app
I love Facebook but wat sucks is that u need messenger to send messages on some phones
Hate the contract sync.
Good job
Liked it
It is perfect
Ok Its not too good
Awsm as usual
This app sucks. They couldn't just leave it alone when it worked fine. Now all the feeds are screwed up. Why can't I just look at it by most recent. It doesn't make any sense
cant download this apps. everytime i try it always says that there is no sufficient storage.i use 4GB memory card.i only download opera mini. too bad..
I can't even access my account.
Nice
Gr8 app
Thanks
An unknown error occur every time playing a video and can't continue playing video. This error happened ever since I upgrade the Facebook app. Even after upgrade twice the error still there. Please fix it.
Cant stand the fact you have to download the messenger app just to get messages. An app that has access to way too much. I refuse to download it
This app can access your camera and microphone AT ANY TIME! THAT should freak you out!
Best
Y do i NEED the messanger app if the fb app works perfictly??
Like it good app
On my haiwa 8600
Sapna
I hate that i can't read my messages without the messenger app.  I refuse to allow Facebook to access all of my personal information.  Seriously thinking of just deleting my Facebook all together if they are going to invade my privacy that way.
Useless
POst a week ago still apeared even we want the latest improvement
Hazarika
Very good site
The app opens for about 5 seconds then cuts off
Great
good
Nice application
Love  it
Mast
The best of all
After much use normally I would say the app was ok but after finding out today all the things I gave the app permission to do such as change calendar appointments of mine or friends and read all my text messages and know every call I make or receive, you even give them permission to listen in on you at any time of the day or use your camera with out permission.  If you check the about this app under your phone you'd be uninstalling this app as fast as I did. You give them permission to steal your identity..
Best before due. :)
Awesome
But something problem during chat and other function
Yes i like it
More often than not this app doesn't respond, Hmmmm report or force stop . Either way nothing seems to get done about it. And I agree with many other users, why does this app need to take photos,videos or record sound on our behalf? Bug fix!!!!
Awesome!
4 years later, app still sucks. App refused to work had to reinstall for no reason.
Linda
its awesome... bt sometimes it gives too much peraa...
It's ok
i was just wondering why i cant see Other messages and Archived messages on the Facebook App. Also, i cant edit a post on pages i have created within my profile. Can you guys fix his? other than that the app is amazing!
Its So Slow
Nice
New updates want
Love
When i play any videos after running for some seconds it shows an error msg sorry cant play the video...!!!!!!
I have nice to you
Awesome !
Stop forcing us to get messenger I don't want it why ever bother with this app if all you do is push messenger on us went from a 4 to a 2 this sucks seen on the news why you want people to download messenger cause you want to lisine to people even when were not on your phone you force me to take messenger I'll leave Facebook all together stop spying on people my goodness whatever happened to privacy .
Facebook is the nice site for finding new apps
I cant play videos. Keeps crashing.
It really changes the meaning of friendship
Since last update, all videos freeze after few seconds and an "unknown error" is displayed. Very disappointed and frustrated. Please fix as it's also a bad name for the Sony Xperia!!
Just like in browsers the fb app also needs a reply option for the comments on public pages
The MB is getting higher and higher!!
Poor update
Good
Love to be able to keep updated with all my notifications!!!!
Now what happend!!!
Really good but it loves to force close
No complaint
Bad
please fix...it always force's me to stop..before it works fine but after the new update it totally sucks
Awsom
hate it now...cant read my message
Yeaah
Nyc
I love this app very much i want that all people work with facebook i send every thing with facebook like videos ,images,messages i love this app's update because it works very fast but some time it may be slow and many time it goes force close but i love this app to much i give five star to him because it work more faster than whatsapp,hike messanger,wechat etc my brother also love this app and the also gives five star thankyou and download it now
Bakwas
Just not comfortable with the permissions needed.  Deleted my account entirely.  Wish I could give less than one star.
I have a samsung galaxy s 2 and i know its old but ive had it a while and never had any problems, but all of a sudden everytime i go too go on facebook it comes up with a message saying Facebook isnt responding and too force close, why????
Good
Please fix
Like
Excellent
shivain good version
Why cannot play video
LIKE
Love it
it is very usefull
Good.....
Gudddd
God is gud
Good
germany
Sen
The app is ok but not as nice as the previous update
It does not meet my expectation as a 21st century application for a smart phone. Way to many updates to start off. Not enough customization for my liking. I'm in this because the rest of the world is in it. Jobs are starting to look at Facebook for I  applications. How can someone stand out when everything looks and sounds the same. Give the people a dislike button worry more customization and one solid update every the months and this it's legit. Other than that just stop trying Facebook.

Two thirds of the time Facebook won't load or its not responding. Plus I hate that I can't get messages anymore because the messenger app is required and super invasive. I rarely see my friends posts its always stupid adds. Facebook has seriously gone down hill.
Google plz provide minus stars option too by that this FB developers will know the average actual rating for their app and day to day how worst it is becoming :-(
I Like This App
I dont want any app to have access to my recording devices without my concent. Not happy with this unwanted feature
Lamban
Purana samay yaad aata hai
i don't think all you ppl at fb need access to every one private info sounds to me like fb turned government and or just scam artist no one need all the info u want i think your a bunch of sale outs and u put ppl over a barrel cause if we don't accept we screwed so i think u need to go back to how it started
I have samsung galaxy grand
Love it
allovertheworld
Good good
Jawad
Having lots of issues.  Always freezes up and has to be closed out. Won't let me post a status says that's it's not the right format.  Kinda irritating.  If I didn't have so many pictures on there I would get rid of it.
Why it forces to download messenger ,,, plz fix this
J.W.
Love it
No words jst cul
Awesome
I deleted it because it do not worth five star please fix it
Good  version
After the update . My fb apps starting to freeze and suddenly force stopped ,, also I don't need to give my info why u let us force to install fb messenger ? Just bring back the fb .. and I'll give this a 5 star review
Big brother is watching you
Videos stop playing on xperia
This new update is not good it hang my phone and i dont like it the old one is better than it
I cannot even play a video without being crash fix ot
I keep trying to post a status & it keeps tellN me my URL IS NOT FORMATTED!!!!!!! ??? REALLY???? NEED TO FIX ASAP
Plz make this application look like iOS 7 it's good but people need some change and thanks
Nice but it should have themes in it
Good
Very nice app I use it
In the world great application     Thanks to the founder
Hello there developers, I just recently updated my facebook app and it has been a huge headache because the moment I open the application it crashes and won't open. So, I do hope you find a quick solution to it! Thank you.
Superb app
Its slow! It wont let me download it!
Ok
Update my Facebook on my phone and every time I log on to Facebook after updating the app fails. Have sent over 100 reports and still have the same problem every time!!!
Nothing works, always freezing, force stop, "unknown errors " when playing videos. All around terrible. What happened
I love the new free call thank u so much it keeps me more easy to communicate to my family
App is ok but i noticed that just recently.. Its always not responding and needed to force stop it..and im always having a hard time updating the app
Aliraza
It's easy to use Facebook in  mobile phone.
But needs some improvement
S
Every time I go to message box it won't let me read my messages until I download fb messenger. I DO NOT WANT FACEBOOK MESSENGER!!! please fix its very irritating and I will rate it 5 stars again. Thank you.
Able to keep in touch with my big family and friends
Good but keep improve your updates . . . . . . .
I feel this application is very much useful and user friendly.
Freeze on launch
Sucks, after upgrade...keep crash, please fx it asap!
Dean M
Fake
Cant get in cause your too educated. When i go to my other 3 fb profiles you dont catch that.oh yeah your too educated.ha ha ha ha .stupid people.
I love it
App is really very cool. But had to uninstall it cuz it is one hell of a battery drainer. I rather open it in my browser than compromise my battery.
Time pass
§±§à§é§Ö§Þ§å §ñ §Ó§ã§Ö§Ô§Õ§Ñ "§°§¯§­§¡§«§¯", §Ö§ã§Ý§Ú §Õ§Ñ§Ø§Ö §ß§Ö §Ó Facebook?
Hate it.. news feed is so random... and these privacy issues.  This FB app has the ability to turn on your cam and mic.. WTF??? what would FB do with 100,000,000 uninstalled fb apps.
Hai
Nice
i love it
This app is so fast
Love it
Superb yaar
i would like to suggest to facebook group to create a "format" system which is can clear all friends n some informations... but not deactive...
i cant download it!!!fix it
It's everything i need in one place.Awesome
HTC one phone
Alykoko
Good
It is gud
Nice
NICEE
If I agree to accept this App, it violates my privacy, and accesses my personal information.. This needs to Change!!
There's no improvements in the update,don't respond once i open it.this is a discouragement for facebook
Awsome....
Each time it force closed after updated. Sucks....
best
Not responding after update
Liked it

Can you guys add the search functions for groups pretty please? Its not convenience for me to find the previous post as there is no search function. Thanks!
I can no longer watch videos on this app it cuts off half way through if that got sorted it would be great
it always go in and out , sometimes the messages box wont work . and the service is okay
I'm getting tired of getting bumped back to the top of my news feed randomly while I'm scrolling through stuff I haven't seen, as well as when going to respond to a message, I don't want to be back at the top when I'm done. (Added) Two months later and now I'm being kicked out of articles to be taken to the top of my news feed.
Nice
All good at the moment.
very slow
Freezes up your device, says cannot connect to network when clearly I am connected to wifi. This is byfar the worst app I do not reccomend downloading it! They always update it and each update creates more problems! Dont waste your time just use your browser! And also they invade your privacy. Why oes an app need axcess to your messages and phone calls! Spies for the govt. Maybe im deleting and not reinstalling. Ill stick to Line messanger app way better then fb not as many problems worth it 100% bye fb app
I loved if you hold down the app and push the red cross u wont get no more game invitations
Terribly slow constantly force closes hate this edition of fb
can
Rady999
Awesome app
Its osam
I have an s5 and my feed is loading slow. Pics take forever to load.  Pls fix.
Every time I try to post in a group I get an error message.  That something has went wrong please fix this. Ive reported the bugs and no reply.
The new update sucks a big time. The app is slower than the previous updates . Slowest of all.
HTC One (M8) - App broken after update. Couldn't post anything and then couldn't log in after reinstall.
Every Day, Several Times a Day!

I cant install facebook why face error problm
loved it
It respond too slow
I like it
Wat hpnd to dis fcebuk I hte it nw idk wat hpnd to messenger as well I cnt see da messages ughhh thnx to u messenger nd facebook, I hate u!!!
I think no other app can fight with it...
Since i updated this app. Whenver i try to login, it stops responding & exits automatically. I tried uninstalling & reinstalling it but still it doesnt work. I have reported this problem but no help.
Keep crashing, I can't even see the posts
Love forever
Good app,...
Hate this set up. Hate that my news feed is from days ago, then there is one from today then a status from yesterday. I just want my normal news feed back, when they are posted from newest to older
Fast and better
Good
We shouldn't have to download messenger to send messages VIA FACEBOOK. 
No good,suck
Nice
I love
Perfect through ¡­¡­
I updated my facebook yesterday and now I can't even connect, also if I do get a connection it force closes.  this is getting do aggravating! Also, why can't I move my pictures around from my phone? I can't edit, move , copy or delete pictures, please fix this!
Always the best!
Nice
Gud for conecting people
I hate this update, it crashes and freezes all the time. It also has trouble when I update a status. This sucks change it back and quit updating you're making it worse.
i really love this app. . .
No words to say abt it...
maria fe garrote
Kenalan perpanjangan
Runs ok.. freezes once in a awhile
I love facebook
Every time I get a new comment it wont show it, and when I post it loads and then crashes. Samsung epic 4G touch and galaxy tablet3 This app sucks
This app is not working properly in login time every u get error login approval code should not be delivered on time
I love you
Vinny
Thanks
can't d0wnl0ad!!!
Its good.
You can just delete facebook and download it again and than you can read your messages without this useless new app.
Jhakas
It's not responding at all. This app keeps getting worse and worse.  Won't load my feed, timeline, or anything.
Hey facebook app is much better in facebook from google chrome
Its so slow
Good
I like
I cnt  move facebook app to sd card. . . . plz help me . . .
I keep on getting this dumb thing to download facebook messenger
Connecting Friend
Nice app...
best
Just under my thumb i can navigate my complete fb profile
I' love... fecbook
Yayayaay
Keeps doing weird things and is opening links externally again instead of through fb. Need better features for managing groups and events.
I'm in downloading process, cant say anything at present though have given 4 stars, if no good will edit later.
Facebook was a really good network when I started using it, but now it seems with every update that I do it is going downhill. Why do you have completely change a good thing to a point where you wonder why do I even use this now. Seems like Facebook are starting to show there colours of being a sneaky company who only cares about making money and not focusing on a good social network, my apps are now freezing for god knows reason. Thanks for nothing
Every time I open the app it sends me back to the previous screen please fix
Nice
Doesn't allow me to play any videos now.  Was fine before
Facebook
Dangerous. Cant see the point of facebook,twitter etc.
v nice
Nope. Facebook Messenger removed because of the intrusive permissions. Still hate the timeline, I really don't care what happened Saturday when I'm checking in on TUESDAY. Growing tired of the app and the incessant changes because some geek in a cubicle was bored
I like
Not bad...could be better though
I love this app..
Very usful app
I cannot even use it. It's constantly force closing itself!!
Love it
Best
(i dunno what to say) it is AWESOME MORE
Slowly

I dont knew the problem that why this apps is not working in my tab.
Takes a lot of ram and internal memory plz fix it i ll give you 5 stars
When i want to watch the video,the video cannot be watched then after a few tries it can but stop halfway and crash...pls pls pls fix it
Why exactly did you need to take away easy access to the most recent posts in the news feed options?
What the hell with u guys...look what i have got for u. even using wifi the app doesn't load everything and constantly saying error..and u r calling yourself "top developers" fixed it or change it
BNNananaanan
thumbs up..
Ok
I wanted to give you a big zero. Maybe even -10, too bad I can't. It uses too much CPU, works slow, it lags, keeps on crashing and stucks too often; very annoying.
Good
It's to bad Facebook seems to have taken over as a way to connect with people.  Makes me laugh that some people think home schooling your child is going to make them socially awkward these days.  I find more  socially awkward people now than we have ever had. This is really only a great tool if you don't have any other way to get info you need or want about people you love.
Why can't a billion dollar company make a decent app? Pure headaches
Loou
Every body use it
i know your making the app good but for me the last 4 version before this latest version was way more better , the latest version sucks because of the photo viewing if you zoom it its all blurry cannot be seen bring back the old version its way more better
hello, i find it so difficult to open my account,,the notification always appear ''facebook has stopped''..your update didnt work well.. please fix the problem..thank you..
Reviewbyan gelabrandey
great full
<3<3<3
Love it
Very Lovely App
Good
i dont like it that much coz it is not responding.  i prefer the older one.
Good
Bring messenger back this app
Superb @pps
So easy and fast
It keeps telling me "not responding" most of the time. It annoys me! Fix that issue please...
if u have a piece of crap huawei phone dont download this crap b4 signin in all ur memory will be used up
love it! Can connect me always to my family and friends
it always close . and im irritated. please fix it as soon as possibles
Love love Facebook
Hello!
Bohemia
Great
Nice
That is good improvement
Excellent
Cool
Force close force close force close Force close force close force close Force close force close force close Force close force close force close
Love it
Nice app to hav time pass
I'd like my privacy back.
Stupid facebook app.   Is there a different one I can use?   This one kicks me off more often than it let's me on.   So stupid.
Good
Stop/Get Notifications needs to be implemented on the mobile app, so far it is only possible on your own posts and not others that you have commented on. Bring Pages Feed. Of course all this is available on the desktop web.
Luar biasa
Loved it

Won't let me watch all the video because of an error...unistalled Facebook then updated it went on it and still can't watch a full video or even a six second video because of an error
Is ok
I like this so much ;)
bad and slow
Mmm, it hangs very easily. How come?
Very nice

First of all, it really does invade the privacy as you have to give permission to way too many things. Secondly, it simply works not so well. Personally, i wouldnt be using FB if not for my close people
Sabka sathi
It has become more amazing!
It crashes again n again nd shows no netwrk..crap app!
Fast
Nice application
Like it
Looks great....
The only problem is it forced me to download the Facebook messenger app. I'll give it a 3/5 star......
Good app ;)
I HATE the new update to Facebook app!!  I can't share (no share button), I have to open comments to "like" them, can't save pictures at all, and all videos state "page requested not found."  For an app that is supposed to make my life easier, they have widely missed the mark!
Since last update app randomly stops responding. Unable to scroll our choose anything. Need to get out of app and then go back in.
Don't understand how it only is supposed to use 20. Of my memory and instead uses 50. Fix this please!!!!! Also when i use facebook app it is super slow and forces closed several times please fix this also will rate higher when all is fixed
i like it because it was very usefull... lol
Good
I love this application
Don khan
Best but large
Great
Glamour_ByMari
Luv it
Dont like being tracked thank you ill stick with my browser
Slow
But it has made my andriod slow
It's not difficult to uses.
Jyoti   sharma
When I try to watch videos it keeps stopping
Of course if I didn't install facebook messenger, messaging on facebook mobile app is going to be too slow to use.
Using it daily
so nice
We need our privacy..
heeh teuing
Gud app
Good
Good
Kool
Facebook why aren't you compatible for android version 4.4.2. :'(
Good version
Kunam
I have Samsung galaxy S 4.......Facebook is not working after the update.....n please do something about d messenger we don't want another app please don't force me to start hating Facebook :/
Super
It keeps freezing every time I open it.
Liked it
Thanks for this apps.
Not  to good
We all know facebook said we're moving messages and told us to use messanger here is the problem messenger got all kind of acess and ill send dont accept this
Last update sucks..loading is slow.
hcu
Wiped Hi
I have a lot of memory in my phone but whenever I download Facebook it says I have insufficient space in my device!!!!!!!!!worst day ever
Good app but need some changes
Very slow
I have had enough of these updates which don't look different from each other. Stop bothering.
Super
nice app
De sacramento ca.
They need access 2 every personal thing on your cell phone from your camera to all your personal information stored    on your phone.. think twice before downloading this app. No privacy@ all.
Can't install say incompatible update
I have a lot of space on my phone but still I can't download it on my phone what's wrong with this app please fix this problem.
I don't like the fact the I have to download  an app in order to read, or send my messages. Then you guys can go through my pics & contacts. I'll pass, might delete my Facebook!
ko
Perfect sociAl apP..
Its unable to move on SD card in MOTO E.
T
Not happy with the new updates. Please change it back.
Facebook
Became integrated into my life. Thank very much for giving such app
I like it. It works fine
Cant watch videos please fix this!!
Rupam roy
How will we get connected to our friends in their activities if it¡®s on TOP STORIES
Tube until
Since the update my Facebook keeps crashing. Other than that CAN'T LIVE WITHOUT IT
For the last 6 weeks this app has not been working properly. It keeps logging out. So if the problem is not fixed I will be deleting this app.
Still slow and needs a second app just to msg since they never got the msg inside the app to work right. And the second app also does not work right.
I appreciate the effort to implement it, but the "Unfollow Post" option doesn't work yet.. This is integral. 5 stars when corrected.
I have a samsung galaxy y,, and with the old version of facebook it run just fine,, but with the new update it's too big for my phone... i'll have to delete everything else to be able to run it. It's ok to make bigger apps for the new phones, but there must be a way to use this app for all those who can't buy the newest iphone or galaxy s5
Have to have
If you actually every the permissions its says this app can do things like take pictures without you knowing take videos listen to all your phone calls and it clearly states that I can do all this without letting you know. It's just ridiculous that it would need that  information
Very troublesome app, always freezing and takes ages to load anything! Rubbish!!!!
I can't even use the app on my phone because it kicks me off and makes,me force close it. Fix it!!
Can you just please fix this even i turned off my phone, disconnect my mobile data and all nothing happened ! #NoUpdate #muchBetter
It's a very useful apps.
Awesome as usual
Can't play videos in my galaxy y anymore unlike last time . Always error message " sorry but unknown problem while trying to play"
It might be time Facebook is deleted forever.
Whtz up
Noce
Luv Fb

Shiva
This update won't let me upload any videos anymore please fix #Nexus4
Gud
Good
Loved it
I like Facebook
Good
Good app
Upset you have to accept that they can do whatever that want with your stuff in your phone.  Where's the privacy.  That should be illegal.  Made myself and kids remove this and the messenger.  Thinking it's time to book face book and go to another social media
Thanks
Which page I like, the suggest goes to my friends. please fix it. I hate this thing otherwise FB is outstanding
Like
Thanks
Still Takes up too much space!... -_-
App continually quits working and I receive a message on my phone stating, "facebook is not responding. Continue or Quit App?"
Rajputana38@com
Good social app
Very convenient app for chatting, uploading and other stuff on facebook
Though my Internet connection is fine,  it stops working for no apparent reason.
Derko
Gamit din kayo
I like
Ok!!!...
I just love this aap its simple way to communicate with other peoples
It always forced close and why do I have to install messenger just to read my private message ??
this one is ausm. no hanging no other issues
,
I like the idea of being able to keep in touch with Family. Especially since I live out of state.
Hate.i
Good
it
Tnq so much of fb
Love It
Xxxtrm
noot enough good
good
This is becoming beyond a joke thought if I left it for a while you guys would update this crap but no "an unknown error occurred watching this video" really annoying!
Videos keeping freezing and sticking to my home page when finished watching. Having to restart my phone ever time. Samsung galaxy S3
It gets strucked immediately if we are on for 1 minute. This update consumes a lot of space but nothing great over speed but strucks off very fastly.why application updated one is not opening fastly?
Nice app
Lets enjoy
Can't seem to get the new update
Stop spying on us Facebook
123
Its very amazing...... We get so many friends
EVERY SINGLE TIME I attempt to play a posted video, it stops about 15 seconds in with an error.  No matter HOW many times I try to play it, no matter WHAT video, it ALWAYS DOES THE SAME THING!!!!!! So annoying!!! I wish I could uninstal this from my phone, but apparently I will be forced to have it for as long as I have this device...ridiculous...
After last "upgrade" it takes forever update with Wi-Fi.  Also would prefer latest as default for news feed. Why can't we choose?
Good
Great
So slow..
I can connect my love ones anytime but hates messenger too much
Try & u wil certainly enjoy!
This is creepy Facebook...
I love it
Information stealer 
I can talk to my family and friends get the latest info see pic its just overall great
Its Facebook, its a must have for Anyone not livingin a cage.
soooooo baaaaaaaaad
Doesn't do messaging.  Why does this need access to my texts?  Would like to be able to allow some things, ie network access, while disallowing others.
It is very fast but time it is slow
Gud working
I loved it
Terima Kasih Semua
I dont why always crash to me :(
Love it
Does not need to have my contacts or the need to take videos off my phone will be deleting all updates tell big brother watching you all i said hello
Gempak
I will describe later.
I try to open the app and it trys to ooen then says "sorry unfortunately Facebook has stopped." It works ok if I get it to open on my galaxay s3.


Self employ
No bas
Works great, but uses WAY too much storage space. 95 MB of data on top of the 22.5 MB of the app itself, and I can't move that s*** to my SD card. I have to uninstall because it totally gums up my phone.
Palui
Horey
Very useful for find your old friends
it says setting up facebook forever
blehlha best
No message support!
suck,  no recent stories,

I have the sony xperia,  and the app upgrades aren't working for my phone!!  Everytime i try to watch a video it cuts it off,  and reads cannot play video, an unknown error has occured!  Its frustrating to me cuz I'm an avid facebook user!!
Buttt.. i love it but i hate it everytimr it will pop up and tells you to forclose the app
Love you all
Good
Very gud
I love Facebook
No m0re pic comment. . .badly suck....
Candy jam
Cool for the social
error downloading
Ch
Its a very good one, all over world use this app.
Luv dis app
Ganda
Why can't I see anything? No photos, no avatars...
Makoya
5 star
Nice
Problem in tagging.uploading pics..plz short this out
So difficult for me know if you want to go out with the same thing with my family and friends and colleagues got a new job and friends with her husband is a  Hindenburg
Awsom
Woooooowwwww.........
I love using Facebook its easy to get a hold of my friends.
Great app
So bad apk
The,  ,,,
easy to use
Nice
After update facebook is not open        really suck it   ,  completely waste
Its disgusting to use on my phone it laggers.
So sick of the app freezing and force closing. Annoying!
A best view of Facebook. ..easily used..only while changing profile picture the size problem occurs. ..so please improve that function...The best part of it is it works on 2G network
Good
Not good means bad
My facebook app keeps crashing. WTH -_- I'm only giving 3 stars. Kindly fix it. please? :(
very bad update!! its show wrong location s plz fix bug
Awesome this application
Nice app!
thankZ
I am not getting the new look even after the update.. I am using Nexus 5. Pls solve this..
Hey..pharth..!
bleh bleh
'An unknown error had occurred', is what the message says when playing videos. Doesn't even get a good 5 secs in before video ends!!! Please fix!!!!! I wish I could give no star!!!!!!!
Good
Good apps..
is.Love
It's actually good. But becoming slow.
Cool apps
It logs out automatically after i reboot the device!

¡î¡î¡î
Very good app so i give 5 stars :)
If your gonna be updating the app make it faster and newer it makes no since to keep updating it to the same software!!  This application gets a 1 star there's no sense of downloading if your not going to update to another version!
World best app
Good
before the latest update, video's would crash and I'd get the error "sorry, but an unknown error occurred while trying to play this video." Since the latest update, I still get either this error OR the video will just freeze altogether and I need to keep pressing play to try and watch the rest, this will either crash the Facebook app or give me the error mentioned. This is on a Sony Xperia M. It's been like this for the better part of a year.
Video is not playable every time have to reinstalled the app
I can't move the app to SD card storage
Without Facebook I can't think of world
Don't like the update
really working smoothly on Low android version mobiles Like Galaxy Pop also
I love fb
I'm not able to talk to someone. But if I login with some other id the messages are working
It is very bad app because when we login then screen was blank and says that facebook is not responding why so ........ then pls speed up this stupid app pls reply to my guestions it is my request......pls help all of them when they also have this type of problems plss ...................then pls read all of them my  feedback.............in this i dont give one star i hated this app
Always force closing. Won't load pictures half the time. Always getting connection lost error. I don't like the new messenger app either.
Not bad
Nice
Crashes constantly. Takes up much space.
Too many permissions.
Facebook videos don't play back properly,  and you keep changing the privacy settings.....
Very good
Good
plz add fastr apliction
bulacan
Come on!
this is a very  slow app
Recently, Facebook is starting to get on my last nerve. Can't play videos. I'll be lucky if I get to play 1 sec! Just got rid of messenger, as Mark Zuckerberg doesn't seem to grasp the meaning of privacy.  Feel like disabling my account. It's a shame cos facebook used to be alright. Lucky you're getting 2 stars!
recently iv been having problems with facebook never had a problem before and would normaly rate 5 stars but since the last update the app keeps crashing and im having to force close it every 5 or so minutes please fix this and ill change my rating
Fabulous
Awesome
Thz app really good :)
Very nice
Zj
Video error all the time since the last update.
good
I'm very happy
I love very much because can with my friends chats
Nice app to share things
Is the best
I like it , looks nice and is very good
Of
earu download panni eamanthurathinga..................
Very slow
Its not too bad
This app will just eat your phone. 45mb process in background including high cpu requirement. Suitable only for log in and log off when uneeded. Otherwise phone will lag.
When i play videos embeded in facebook, most of the times it stops in between with an error cannot play video...i am using Sony Xperia SP
Sure would be nice if I actually get recent posting with I press that.  I don't want to see 4 postings from recent and the rest 2 days back.  I want to see all current postings
Brilliant
The app was awesome till the update and now on my android I have to click the app and exit like 4 to make it work and when it does I have sit and wait for it to set up and when I get on it freezes and I have to close..needs fixed before I uninstall it
It s fantastic app
No
Nice apps for my phone
Amazing
Y d heck it needs updation on a daily basis ??
Nice graphic
It wont let me play videos! Says unkown error has occured while trying to play video! Please fix!
Like it, but uses up WAY TOO MUCH space.  All I'm doing is looking, and there's 70+ MB of extra data beyond the basic program??? Not cool.
Why facebook is always force close?Wth!!!
Love it
Amazing
Update caused videos to stop playing without coming up with an error. To fix simply go to your settings then scroll down to apps find the Facebook app under All click on it and Clear All Data. You will need to do is disable auto updates but then this will allow you to use movies app to view videos. Please fix this problem so I can go back to using the app like normal. And no I don't want stuff posted on my behalf stop putting this feature in!
New version is making compulsory to download fb messenger to see msgs...wtf...remove that
Lyk it  .....
This app can't open ? I feel apart !
Goodgud
Awesome app
Don't see why you need to know all of my business I do on my phone..... Uninstalled. Tried to make me update without my consent
Overall a great app but recently it does not allow user to use the messaging feature. I dont want to keep two apps for basically the same use. Please fix this problem.
Gud
Best app in the world
I love my favorite friends on Facebook <3
Can't install y not
Well
Good very fastest
Why does fb need to update its self??!! Nothin wrong before and now all sorts of bother!!
Ok
Too many updates and changes to the display.
good
Supper application
this app is going off and on like when u going to the home screen of your phone
Always love catching up with old friends.
It's nice to use
Lack of being able to message friends and too many invasive permissions requested.
Great app
Mew mew mew
Verry good
Friends
It keeps crashin' lately!!
Niceeeee
Fake app
Love it
older version
Owsum
Okay so after updating there is still no change.. Going to delete
I love it
Only upkeep for this is to force stop the app on the running apps and also on the cached apps. This is the only app that makes my phone freeze for a while. Need a marginal update for this.
Abebe
Like
Just love it
hhhhj
Good
Since yhe last update ive had problem watching video clips always comes up error n runs abit slow, plz fix this
Really good!
i rated this a 4/5 because fb is important now. what i dislike....? when suddenly fb closes for whatever reason i fail to comprehend. i hope there is a fix for this.
F BOOK
Very nice and fast  Try it
Always appear an error message when playing videos. Your app s... Mark
Any video on fb that I try to watch only plays for 2 seconds,stops then starts then stops again. I can't watch and enjoy the video. Plz fix. Uninstalled fb messenger too many permission issues,don't want it. What is up with the data usage? Some of the apps I don't even use or don't use that often but my usage is very high!! Plz fix!
fine
Enough
Images aren't loading, it keeps crashing and can't refresh newsfeed eventho the wireless connection is great. Fix it
bunqqA
NICE.
Okat after the most recent update it has become broken, can comment on anything view pages or view posts, it FC on almost every action I do...  when I updated I uninstalled it cause it had grown from a 20mb program to 227mb thats an 10x increase.. and it keeps fc and says unfortunately facebook has stopped working... unfortunately im uninstalling this turd box of an app since its development team finds it unnecessary to have a working app for the people that will use it. And not to mention it is intrusive
Please update. ...The version
§±§â§à§á§Ñ§Ý§Ñ §Ó§à§Ù§Þ§à§Ø§ß§à§ã§ä§î §å§á§à§Þ§Ú§ß§Ñ§ä§î §Ý§ð§Õ§Ö§Û, §Ü§à§ä§à§â§í§ç §ß§Ö§ä §å §Þ§Ö§ß§ñ §Ó §Õ§â§å§Ù§î§ñ§ç. §ª§ã§á§â§Ñ§Ó§î§ä§Ö, §á§à§Ø-§ä§Ñ. HTC one s
Excellent
It's so Bad
Nice
Loving app

I like...
While playing video getting struck android stop working please fix it
Khairulanam kalam.
Too intrusive
It only says "preparing Facebook " wttttffff.... I Ned you to fix this. Plz: (
Loved it
Huhuhuhuhuhuuhuhhuhuhuh
Good
Leave it at this stop changing it coz its annoying
Just love it!
Throwdown
So cool
I enjoy using facebook. I keep in contact with friends and family....
great
Every since candy crush's new update it won't let me log into Facebook. Please fix
Facebook is a good and bad thing but good ather wise
good
Please fix this new update .. It keeps "not responding" all the time.
Very good
Soon ur avrage rating will be 1 star. Reduce ur MB size.ram usage. And please remove the option fr having access in our privacy.
Nice app
Freezes constantly
Worked fine until i did update now i cant watch any videos.....
:)
excellent web ....plz use to right jobs....
App ta valo kinto 9 apps thaika download korar for hang korto.
Kerinci
gokil
Yhi hai right choice baby...ha ha ha  ha
Good
Good
Pls... try to get go back with the last update pls.
Complete and utter disrespect for user's privacy. It has gone past  unwanted data mining  to forceful and invasive spying on one's private life. Uninstall and close your  FB accounts.
Good apps
Excellent
This a very good: )
Exllent....
Dhaka
good
Its so beautiful because it makes friend with others
Great when it installs!!!
ILove Facebook
Disini lahir nya sebuah  cinta
Its ok but I dobt want messenger im happy without it
after the lastest update , the scrolling condition was nt that smooth and every video cannot be watched fully . keep appearing the error message . please fix it as soon as possible .
Before this last update Facebook has worked perfectly fine with just a few miner bugs (no app is perfect). But now it is over running my phone and force closes any app I go into. Also it won't allow me to upload videos and it doesn't give me a reason why. This is extremely stupid.
You can shut the 1 notice on messenger service off. I DON'T WANT IT!
For some reason I have a hard time if not Unable to see no type of video clips or even load them to view them. I have updated the app several times and still no changes. Its frustrating. It sucks.
Love it fast & easy way to communicate.
Love very much
Too much error :)
It is better thn other.....
It keeps freezing almost every five minutes and i have to shut everything down just to get back to my home screen. I cant even watch a 0:06 second video with out it glitching up a storm. Please stop updating, youre making it worse.
Can't download the picture attachment
OK lahh good sisten
Nice Aap
Xiii

Good2
Good
Lovd it
I liked
This app works better now that I got a Samsung Galaxy Mega....
No more changes on this update
Is good
When i get my notifications it won't show the pictures or page some one liked that i shared..used to but with the new update it doesn't.. please fix it
Would take many minutes for FB to come up. Worse yet, even when it wasn't overtly running, would slow down all other operations on my phone, especially the phone! Couldn't answer calls right away and worse yet couldn't get the phone part to even show up to make a call. Figured if I needed emergency services that wouldn't happen. I experimented by deleting FB and now everything else works better! Can utilize my phone as a phone again (imagine that!).
Hi
Not getting notifications in email...
Hate that it has access to my phone  info
manik
Nice application
Works great. Its been updating me on people's relationships. Like I'm happy for them but I don't need a notification on my phone about it. Its been doing it for the past week. Weird.
Good for stalker's*
Nice
It still takes long to download a video or anything on face...But I like the new look
Awesome
my favourit ap
Privacy is out the window, no need to have access to my messages and to email without permission, just as the rest of the country it has gotten out of hand, also for whatever reason the app crashes every single time I get on it after a couple minutes or so
Sporadic Sometimes doesn't allow one to "like" of comment, takes way too long to refresh, doesn't alert for new messages...
After updated new version I cannot even view video.
very good
Sweet
It can perv on you look on app description and pictures and video
Nice
Mast
Love it
Ss
Hate all the time I spend But LOVE All the Connections & NOW would find it challenging to live without! :-)
Messenger >:l
Love it. :)
Liked it
Liked
I have noticed that in this application I cannot copy paste any kind of post. Should be improve people can copy and paste like shyari jokes and so on.
Super
I love it bec I have my lotof oldfriends
bbm
refresh the newsfeed
Awesome App To Use FB
Best
very slow!!!!
The Facebook is the best partner for you
working well on galaxy s4 but would it t have featurz commensurate wid facebook website
Good
No not like the new messenger uninstalled it. Why does fb need access to my phone?
I like facebook
Such sneeky fckrs been able to get all my and my friend contacts off mine.. and the worse thing is fb is an uninstallable app.. big brother sick of it
Facebook  have a good responce
When chat with friend they show always Facebook messenger and can not cut
Love this site...easy to navigate...way better than other sites U have used in the past. 2 THUMBS UP! 5¡î's
Very good
Keeps on crashing >< please fix this right away.
Its awesome
Happy
Its make me suffer everytime i open my acct.  in my phone always not responding,, fix it....
Previous is much better. Don't update
Peter Pengabang Jakop
It closes all times....
Great just have to work on the messager!
Devido a internet movel ridiculamente limitada desse pa¨ªs, poderiamos ter uma opcao para nao carregar automaticamente todas as fotos do feed, principalmente de paginas seguidas.
Best
123456789
It was very awesome <3
Can't watch videos. Fix it !!!!
Amaizinh
Am not impressed
Very very good
ghu
Consistently crashing
Older version but its ok.
Are they really watching you?
AbdulRaheem.m
Instead of showing top posts in main view you should have shown most recent. Please improve it.
I really like the voice app on it and that I can look up anything
I get with the way your features work why you need to access everything, I just would rather it ask for permission each time (that goes for all apps). When it comes to my privacy I don't mind the extra pop-ups.
Its nice
Poor
Girlfriend lbna aaasan
5 stars
If u love fb den u must have it
Ghil
Facebook
Jepsy Rose
After the last update, not able to play videos..after few seconds error cmoes up " sorry, an error occured. Video cannot be played" i am using xperia z device.resolve this as its very annoying

I dont like the new messaging system!  I will not allow fb to have complete access to my phone.  If it means deleting this app then so be it.
Jor dar
The Best!
En identical fr use
Good
When i try to play video the app crashes whats the reason ?
good
The folks at FB are getting a little too full if themselves.  I'm not installing your messaging app and giving you access to more than I really need to.
Hjj
.......
United
Good
No life without facebook.
Thanks you
Very nice apps social net work facebooke very fast going...
Don't work on my LG G3
Hi friend
The apps keeps on shutting itself down. Everytime i opened it, then suddenly it close by itself. Is it my acc or any technical problem with my phone?
R
Fast
Suppa
Great app!!
Feedback
Its so nice pals
A good way of keeping up with friends and a nice way to find old friends
good
Loved it a much it's amazing
mess up here and there
Still annoyed by the lack of an option to set default news feed to Most Recent. Fix it please! One more serious bug. Since v13 the likes and comments count under news stories has a problem - it often displays with likes and comment counts superimposed or with bits of text missing. Maybe an issue with older versions of Android o/s but irritating nevertheless.
This is totally time waste opp.
Stupid u have to use a separate app to message ppl. Stupid!
My Xperia E1 did an update and it deleted Facebook and now it will not load back up it says incompatible please sort it out
You need to get rid of top stories. Noone wants it. And there is no way to set home screen to most recent. Mine always gets stuck showing things from yesterday and hours ago and wont refresh no matter how many times I refresh it.
Its so nice ...
Fantastic
umesh
Connect with friends
Good app but please do something about the space. It takes maximum phone memory leaving no space for other apps.
ÉÏ´«²»µ½ÕÕÆ¬!!!Çë¿ìµã¸ÄÉÆ!!
Fac
I can better go on explorer n login to check facebook on my phone.. Stupid Messenger App n stupid accesses required for it... Dont want that!
Best
Very Nice
Keeps force closing every time I get a notification. Please sort the problem.
Nice
Its gud m hppy to use it...
Awesome but it is some slow for downloading
Cant understand it it's different
There are a lot of SNS app. Not only you. Why you make me have to install mesenger app?? Fxxk you.
Its too amazing
Not bad
Cannot chat says need fb messenger
Love it.
Very good to communicate
Good Job
For some reason, the app. keeps closing!?! Made sure to uninstall & then reinstall. Please fix!!!
Cool
superb app
Love it
Hell of an experience
mst
Great!
its gud
Better than.......
Timeline
the new V doesn't work
nice
Best Social Apps ever!
I love
Qwr123459876
Again same problem.....Please add to move sd card so that data wil store in sd
I liked the version that I could stop getting notifications on posts that I'd commented on...Also there should be a way to unhide a post if you accidentally hide it...I just accidentally hid a pic of my cousins new baby trying to turn off notifications now I can't undo it...
Facebook
It's favourite
Its very slow and and hanging apps pls fix this problem
It was very impressed
Good social networking
lanjiouuuu
I give one star but I save facebook but son errors
Freezes every time in checking my timeline
Wonderous
Its fast. No fuss,no time wasting!
Gud guys
Stupidest move from you to force people to install messenger to be able to freakin read messages from FB !! I mean really? I won`t install that in a million years and removing the option from the fb app shows how much thirst of power is in you...But hey, C.R.E.A.M. right?
Zzzzg53@com sa
Is there anyway to give it a worse rating?! It feels completely ruined... I've got a Sony Xperia T and whenever I try to play videos they cut off half way through!!!
Good

Yay
This app and the messanger app are the best apps its so convenient to have on your cellphone if you don't own a computer I love this app :)
How are you looking
Good app
Lame need messenger ap
I had to go back to the oldest update of Facebook, just so there was space on my phone...fgs not everyone has a massive amount of storage on their phone ..
14 3 190
Super
Very nice application.
Loveit
Dissapointed
I have a nexus seven and since I installed the latest update it causes my nexus to crash and forces me to reboot. How do 8 know it's Facebook? Because if I uninstall my media works fine and when I reinstall the problem reoccurs. Now uninstalled again.
I sing up this FB and i use my password perpecly... and is not allow... I Kinda hate it...
You can chat with someone when your playing
HKR
I just got the new LG g3 phone and I'm disappointed with the Facebook app. I'm getting an error when I'm watching the videos every time. I know it's the app, because when I log in to Facebook through Google chrome, I don't get the errors anymore. Its annoying. You guys really should fix this problem.
Doesn't work on my phone..
I can't get anything on time
What's wrong with your app??? It consumes a lot of my storage and here you are forcing me to install your stupid messenger! Fix this!
Good
Easy to check wen v get some msgs or notifications
T
Chera kitab accha hai
Nice it's good
It's wonderful men just check it out.
Nice app
Hate this new update/design
pls let it move to sd card
like.
Well its Facebook!
Kr.patel.patel Krr
Good
It good but it does not have any securities of private data.   Mostly it does not work properly. Naked items also show it.
its alright
Signing in blocked most of the time
Has got a lot better, but still takes a long time to load.
It is so nice
Wow its realy fast n awsome
I like it.
Nufeeng
Ilovefacebook
Why it consumes hell lot of my phone battery
awesome
Good
Mast
I love to use fb and this version is very nice and friendly to use
Thank u
Fayaz
This is the best side of friend
Super
FURIOUS!!! It won't play videos for more than a few seconds then stops due to an 'unknown error' I've got a brand new Android Phone and Tablet (both different makes) and it does it on both! I never had this problem on my iPhone! You really need to sort your Android compatibility issues out pronto!!!
Nice
Nice
It asks me to install messenger to chat but I dont want to install that please fix this
Very enjoy fully
I love fb it helps us communicating with our fmly and frnds
Good app
Excerellent
Love
Great app
Some of u  are jackass y be cuas u don't have to uses any money to text any body alli no I<3<3<3<3<3<3<3 it
Lol
CS:Chaion Khan
Hmmm
Loved it
On Sony experia update. Automatically deleted Face book now phone Won't install it back. Says incompatible update,, please fix as this Is obviously A common Problem.
Samsung s5
As of yesterday I cannot get the FB app to open on my phone. It's always worked before. I've in installed and reinstalled. Even factory reset my phone. It just won't open on my Note 3. Fix this and I'll give 5 stars.
There's no reason for all the invasions of privacy and it's STUPID to force ppl to have to download that crap app, messenger. Welcome to communist America, no longer the land of the free...UNINSTALLED!!!!!!
when i am gonna open it. it just say "just a moment".it is so embarrasing.it wasting my time..kindly fix it!!
nice
Whenever i open any fb pages this app shuts down Dont try this worst app...
face book up date
Freezes up on me. And I won't download the messenger app.
Nice app
Good
Good android apps
3205209
Nice app...
Chat needs another software. Very unfortunate
This new notification banner needs to go, whenever it pops up and I'm on FB or the Messenger app, it freezes what I'm doing until it disappears or I close to notification
Since yesterday I can't load the news feed, notification and pretty much everything. I tried to log out and then to log on and there is no difference. What can I do to make it work.
This app is great. It help me to communicate with my family who are living far away.
Lov keep in
Please have the messager back on the facebook instead of a separate apps. Thanks.
What have you people done with video playback, constant freezing, hangs, total crap!!
Why we have to install messenger app compulsory as before used work with no problems ... It supposed to be Social Network NOT dominate Network !!!
Takes ages to set up I think the internet is better than the app
Keep closing!!! can some one please tell me why this app keeps stopping?
That i am using micromax turbo and from last 7 to 8 days my news feed is not working and is showing error " error loading news feed" kindly resolve the issue as soon as possible.
It uses more memory if I closed automatically turned on and uses my ram...  No option to move to SD card....  Develop this options otherwise it is waste
I like it
I love it
Bullshit
Sara
excellent
This Facebook app keep crashing after the last update ... Please fix it
I absolutely think that the two people below me are right on point with they're oppinions because now that I have been on fb and downloaded both messenger and fb app this has been a huge issue with me as well and totally agree with they're rating as well. Whatever happened to a lil f$$$ing privacy in our lives we pay the taxes and we work our a$$ off to have nice things privacy is a right and a privledge we all deserve to have
Think I'm doing the right thing by updating my apps when my phone says their due! Yet now my Facebook keeps kicking me off! Really annoying! Really disappointed!!
Goooood
Hahahahaha
Wont let me see my message without facebook messenger
Classic
Iloved it
A great app to share ur self with others.
love it
Very nice installation experience...
Good
Got a Sony xperia z1 and won't let me watch videos on Facebook rather annoying
Ummh like it
Hai
Very goog
philipheckathorn
Fecbook
It always force close! Please improve your app please!
Moewin
The app keeps freezing and making me force close. It's very irritating.
Unable to get this new version...it alwayz show force close do the needful.
Anualmisuari
This is best
I feacbook
Good
Raja
Please allow access to the restricted list within the apo. Also, give the option to see the Recent updates in the normal News feed itself.
Nice

Zuber.turab.a
Ok
OK
Tis fuking version can't play video!
Fb
Give some information of society
Very bad
N.c
Very nice
Crashes too much , over complicated
Modify.....or i will become BAJIRAO SINGHAM
Facebook
Did some functions changed. Posted from my page and tagged someone and the post ius not showing on their page. Attempted to post on their page but won't take multiple pics.
V v good
Punda app
Why do you need to access so much of my personal information, Facebook?? Or turn my mic on without my permission? Or access my camera? Not cool!
Uninstalled because of the invasive permissions. You don't need access to my phone, camera and my private text messages.
Nice
Nat gud
Nice one
QtQt<3
Nice
Most of the videos crash after a few seconds. The current version has battery drain problem.
I love you  Facebook
Sooooo cool nd updated.. #loveit!!!!!!
Not bad
Every permission it requires is just sketch asf. I really do hate messanger too.
Notifications are not working, problem. Pics not uploading.. In a grup not writing a post. :-(
After logging out cannot log in fast it irritates .
TAKES UP TOO MUCH EFFIN SPACE!! What the hell facebook?
Try better next time
Some time suddenly worked stop soo plzz solve this problm anotherwise it is an ultimate app
nice app
Good
Good
The app uses up not a lot of memory but, in a month, it uses up to about 110 MB. I've had to reset my phone almost 20 times because the memory stays the same. What da hail?!
Love
Fantastic
this apps so much
nice to download facebook.
Good app
Very much slow. Needs more improvement.....
"919"
Are mast h yaar dounload kar lo agar grand h to pacca kar lo mene kra h mast h isliy mene isko 5star diye
Its working slow in my mobile    Samsung galaxy S duos 2
Some of my statuses wont post...please fix immediately
App is perfect, can something be done so that it uses less battery
S2
good
Hi
G8t work
Av
This app is horrible!!!  Too many updates... Crashes my phone SEVERAL almosteverytime I try to use it.
Won't play videos properly and Internet connection is fine. View annoying.
Iloveit!
Aziz
My #1 Favorite Social Media. Now I updated & hate the look & set up of how it looks on my cell. I want last old version before one shown here. I should have left it alone when trying to update my apps 1 by 1, cuz the memory was not allowing all to do at same time us had to delete some pics to make space. How can I get my old version back?  :( ;(
Very enjoyable
ok
Please tell me why Facebook needs access to my private texts/sms messages that are on my phone? Why does the app need to be able to change my settings and download files without my permission or notifying me? The application has access to too many things that are not necessary to functionality of the application.
I have updating loads of times and it still doesn't let me use the app after my WiFi has been off please fix the problem!!!
Great
Super
Excellent app & user friendly
Memudahkan
Since update. Error loading news feed, error loading photos when I know there's a good WiFi or 3/4G connection. Tried uninstall and reinstall worked well for few hours but reverts back!! Annoying!
It was quite good...faster and more user frndly but could hav been much better though...:)
I can't watch a video fully,it stop in few seconds at the most of the time with a message(sorry, but an error occured while try to play the video)
Nice
Good
Update is useless I can't download it says "package file was not signed correctly"
Nyc hai check this app for free
Facebook Messenger
Its really cool n fast
I love this app vry much....to quick to smrt
I love it...
Most recent update made facebook no longer work
Vere good
Thoka
Forced to have messenger I forced the app out of my phone.
Like it's sister ap of facebook messenger - this constantly crashes every few seconds. No excuse for releasing something so incredibly poor - when you at Facebook have a vast technical know how, and money at your disposal
Good
But the last one is better
Goods for good
Fb is the best app but it loads to slow
Love
Nakkairita na ang fb
Why does FB need access to my contacts and apps? Does privacy exist anymore? FB...you have gone too far.
Facebook is getting worse and worse.. It is upgrading not considering other devices.. The phone im using for this is samsung galaxy y and the latest version doesnt fit.. It takes decades to open and most of the time it just crushes with no reason.. I hope facebook will update their app with considerations on devices.. This app is not helpful anymore..
Gggggh
Cant install for android.
Vincent koh
I really like it
Poorrr
Goodluck
Great app
Ok
it automaticaly close every after 15 mins. ..uninstall and reinstall it but its just happen again and again..
Great
BEST
Smply suprb
fast
I like this app
Too intrusive.
Think it suck u need to access my whole phone just to use any app
It stopped working every time
Dsr
Best app bt in updated 1 there z 1 prblm dt is messenger of ds app frst v r allwoed to messege from facebook app bt now v specially hav to download facebook messenger.. Its annoying -_-
Nice
nice
Use for good. Not for bad
Love it
good nice app
Very nice
Good
Better
Pls fix bug
Hey please change the video action!! When i want to download a video,normally it ask for action but...,now it is not! :(
Nice apps
But I don't know how some of the posts r there on my behalf when I have not posted them. Kindly advise and stop posting on my behalf
A very good App.
Like it
Its good but has the ocasional bug here and there
This app is lousy and pathetic. It always says "Error Loading Newsfeed", there is never any new posts. Even after if refreshes, it's the same thing all day. I can't read my messages unless I have messenger. And when I try to access the 'Recent Feed', it's always the same stuff too, nothing new. Really thinking about deleting this.
This app consuming a lot of space
Nice
The most easy application. ..
Used to work perfectly fine then suddenly... It doesnt work anymore. That needs fixing...
No way this is going away. Why does messenger need all that info I even tried it and even though I turn of the notifications it interrupts whatever I'm doing for a message. Hate it.
cant download this apps. everytime i try it always says that there is no sufficient storage.i use 4GB memory card.i only download oper mini.
Not bad
My phone was lagging n hanging after updating Facebook. ..now that I hv uninstalled, my phone works like wonder.
Faster
Hay facebook r u working for FBI ?????
Everyone like it
Video downloader is not available.....
Can't seem to edit profile. What's wrong?
Nice
Thanks
I have sent in a report over 10 times about...nothing.
G8 app to find old frnds.....
Hemraj.suwasiya
much better if always working all the time, instead of anouncing that fb app is temporary not working.

HATE THE NEW UPDATE!! It won't stay on most recent and every time I go into Facebook I have keep changing it back to most recent.....it always goes back to top stories!
Valo bes
I was using messenger until I heard what access I had given you. Now i'm glad either Motorola or Verizon has put a safety net on my phone so you can't have access because I can no longer download the new app.
PLEASE READ THE PERMISSION SECTION BEFORE DOWNLOADING! !! If you use the browser version via the internet, yes it might take longer logging in and out etc, BUT. it requires NONE of these outrageous request. BE CAREFUL READ THE PERMISSION SECTION FULLY!! Things of the nature are one of the reasons thete is no such thing as privacy and things via app are being stolen and store for others people's purposes. Ty.
Maqbull
9471297
Y don't I need the messenger to read my messages thats stupid
Always stopped.wasting of time..much much better if i didn't update my facebook before.
It always force close whenever i get notification.. I cant even surfing more than 3 minutes and had to restart it. Fix it and it will rate 5 stars..
During watching videos app hungs
Superb
No space to download 
The video player only plays like seconed and then crash and tell me error occurred on my xperia z just after i upgrade it to 4.4.2 Kitkat
J.d
Nix app
I love it
Love it
I like iT
Still birthday notification is not available. Please make it to appear on notification bar.
Great
Amzing
Ever since I was made to switch to the new style of Facebook I cannot play videos. They constantly freeze and won't play at all.  It's redicilous.  Very mad!
It's really work grate
Best way to connect with our frnds
Check it out
I drew the line when I found out that Facebook also wanted to join the big brother state in spying on their fellow users. I don't need a peeping tom looking through my camera, accessing my device and making changes to it... its spying and if you didn't press agree before downloading this poor example of a social utility application it would be illegal. I have left Facebook Mobile applications until they realise their huge mistake and delete it.
Fb
Express my self...Love It!!
I love it
Missing profile pics in news feed and everywhere else...
Brilliant
New update won't let me play videos.  Keep getting message saying unknown error has occurred.  Problems everytime there is an update.  Takes ages to load anything.
So now after the latest version it locks up while scrolling down the page. . Only way to make it work is shut down app and restart.. sometimes three in a row before it works... also, why do you need so much control over my phone?
Nicc facebook
Lame, seriously
good
Messenger has to be separately kept then that will be awesome.
Lhowland25
Like
Farm
Poor
Doesn't load at all -_- plz fix it, its been a full 2 years and its still like this, delete this app, it sucks
it shud b faster
i hope it will be better.         okey
when I update I can't open videos solo friends please don't update
:)
Like
I LOVE IT.
Awesome
Love
Awesome
I just installed it because it runs alwaus wirhout any permission. I dont like it working in the background.
Good
Nice
Super
Good
Didn't work
Like
Nice
Gonna uninstall it till u'll make it less space consuming
Best app to stay in touch
I love this
But smthng goes wrong
Awesome! Fast, simple, and easy to use.
I like this app
Very good
I notice it takes a lot of app space on my android.
Update keeps crashing. Really good app, but needs a poke button and birthday notification.
I have to update app like every two days...or some features wont work or every now and then some minor errors occurs
Its very good for me
fb selalu membuat saya gembira setiap hari
Supper
It's best social app..@
Easy to handle
Freezes and closes!!!!! What the hell is going on??
Can't go a day with out it
This app is sucks!
Make it easy to use and faster. Make the design more futureristic ok
I really really like it because i.can surf fb when im not using wifi just only my load
This is the best social media app
Malaysia
Love Facebook
Google play and almost all apps have access to everything in ur phone as well. Go check it out if u dont know already
I hate this app
Omq ! This is freakinq irritatinq ! Everytime i wana log in my fb.. its always appear' facebook is not respondinq , n i dont have much apps on my phone.. coz im usinq 4gb memory card only ! Please fix this prob asap , ill rate it 5 !
hehehe
None  Hi?hello?
very useful
Tirkey

I want to keep messenger the way it was. I hate the new one I don't like being harassed or forced to use the new one. I don't want it. I can't send or read my messages unless I download something I don't want. Hey Mark Z. I'll give you one guess witch hole you can stick the new messenger  app in if your head isn't already taking up all that space. Sincerely Brokendog69
Keeps force closing
It good apps . but I have problem in it..  Please take out the activity log. Because it lot of problem. Fix it
So nice
Since the last update it keeps crashing,force closing, wont play full vids plays 10 seconds then stops sort it out please
Why so slow to launch?
Awesome
Good .... Just love it :-)
Can't receive messages.NEEDS TO BE REMOVED IMMEDIATELY!
They don't want to me my password
Saifulla
Better than before
Ever since i have had an update, i can't watch any video and even if they do start to play they stop almost as soon as they start, this really needa to be sorted asap!!!!!!!
The first one is application fb Samsung s4
Iam aria
Nice...this app is so very nice!!!i love it! :-)
How
Nice
Its so fast
The video playback is very annoying. 10 seconds in to any video and it cuts out. You try to watch it again and it just keeps happening!!!!!  Facebook on android is the worst pile of crap I've ever installed.
One n only fb
Facebook now really annoying. Started to lag when going to some page and crash. This is the first tym when my phone upgraded to kitkat 4.4.2 Please fix
Whoaaaa !!
Why I need to download that messenger?!
Dung luong lon wa,de nghi giam bot dc k
Sk Pooja Sk
Good
The news feed sucks. Just show what is most recent first. Its not that hard.
My beloved app thnx 4 being in my life
Its mesaging speed is awesome
Facebook is invading our privacy.
This app is gud for me very well deserve to 5 star.
It very good aplication for samsug mobile
Joke Dawn
Jambi
What's your purpose with invading our phone and privacy?
It's thankfully app.
Its ok, i liked it.
super
8 out of 12
Super fine
ok
Feeling loved  :*
Why we MUST have two application with same function? I deleted my msgr because i thought i already have FB on my mobile. But then been forced MUST download msgr just for open inbox?? Seriously? This is so Ridiculous. And With 14MB for msgr only.!
Cool
Total fake app... unable to open the pages .. showing loading n loading ..
Oj
Nice app
Love it
Previous app is good enough to use. This one making my mob slow and this dumb reducing power also..
Bogus
Most wanted app
pls hw can i get back my recent app cos dis one suck, i hate it with passion
Not responding often and suddenly shut down when pressing the notification
Fun App to try once. Give this comment a thumbs up.
This app was very easy to use and very fast brilliantly good app.....
Nice
Vipin
Thakut
We don't need another big brother app. Change your permissions!  It's completely unnecessary to have as many permissions as this app requires.  You should only need network connection and that's it. You need to change your permissions or I'm uninstalling the app. Privacy over convenience.
Because its so long app and more internet loding use ...
Nain sawod
K
In this app it is unable to select displayed text
Do not like the new Facebook messager at all.
ek mare nan dono rehn dulde kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk
Vishal sahani vks
Please fix whatever error occurs when trying to play videos on this app using Xperia Z2.
Simple
Fabulous fantastic
Wawwww
The changes to messenger suck. Plus you guys can now invade our privacy
hmm
tbthangtung
Supper......
Facebook keeps closing force close every time i look at notifications or messages till you fix it by
Wonderful world wide connections.
Department Of Agricultural Extension
when i go on it glitch
Chatting slow
App freezes while trying to like a comment, or randomly while scrolling the news feed
Slow but is ok
Facebook is so awesome talk to your friends and...
Fb
Very unhappy with messenger. Why does facebook need access to my camera, my contacts ect:
Hate having to download messenger just to use fb app. Like we r being
<3
Facebook
I like it a lot
Facebook
this is fantastic app
I love the app all except the fact that it keeps forcing me to install the facebook messenger app to look at my messages...why do I need to install a whole nother app to.do what I can do on this app!?! Please fix this!!! I can't view my messages in this app!!!
Fb ab boring lagne laga h kuch intrsting hona chahiye isme.bt not bad..
Love my name hahaha !!!!
good
Bring the original messenger back!
Thinks for the inventor for this social network
its very good application
Its a little hassle because sometimes its not responding
Needs to come up with some latest technology..
Sweet and pretty
nice very good. better luck next time
Yoyo
Yeah
I love this app
Mantabs
I have had to uninstall this app over and over again due to it freezing my phone. It lags and overall is garbage. I actually wish I could give it less than 1 star! 5 stars for being absolute trash though...
ARAI DENDVV
Good work brother!
Its Cool
Why can we only upload pictures and not documents or pdfs?
Shanika love
Facebook is spying on everything on your phone now! Beware.
Sanbahadur
SURESH
Last update has caused nothing but problems..keeps freezing, force closing and "please wait, setting up" i've uninstalled and re-installed countless times now to no avail! Never had these problems before...
I can talk to all my friends
Its ok
Great app
good
Ferrdom of beide
Not bad
can't you guys make a smaller app. this giant is eating my memory
It sucks
GOOD but ... After I downloaded the latest version, I CAN NOT watch video in this Facebook app. Fix it pls. (I use Sony Xperia. And I restored the device but the problem is still. I guess the problem is from the version. Now I use the old version who come with the FW. And it normally works.) Thanks!
This app is perfect except for one flaw! Sony Xperia Z2 I cannot watch any videos, like... ANY! if I go on Facebook on my phones browser they play perfectly fine, but through this app nothing I get a few seconds and then it freezes and comes up with an error. If this could be fixed an easy 5 stars, but this is actually the most annoying problem ever... Facebook is about socialising through video, photos and status updates - and one of those major parts is missing...
My facebook keeps crashing.....it freezes my phone then crashes the app......messenger is fine but the app of facebook just crashes.....fix this please.......
Norway
Facebook media player giving me trouble
it good
Very good
The app of all
Messenger eats up my battery . I think that when fb freezes is when your looking??
Nice
Player selecting problem in New versions
Good
Nic
Facebook mining user data. My only problem.
Nice app
So fastly
ki koni
I am not liking how I have to give permission for FB to access people on my contacts & my SMS txs, why would u need that sort of info u don't that is private and personal & none of ur business!!! So until u change that I will not be giving u a good rating!
I like facebook
Htc one - works ok on the platform, privacy - sucks
Good
When will you retards who know nothing about tech and how it operates realize that the reason these permissions are here is to help the application work with your phone and not spy on you. If they didn't have these permissions you wouldn't be able to post any photos or update your feed. Why are you people so paranoid?? Be worried about blackhat hackers and people who actually want to spy on you.  And FYI the government has 100% permission to access any data that is transfered from your phone.
Its showing incompatable version for my sony E1 dual mobile.. I was recently updated to android kitkat 4.4.2
Love it
always crashing -_- seriously.
Once again, I hate the newest update. It freezes and closes out constantly. Also, there is absolutely no f*cking way I'm going to be forced to download the messenger app, just to read my messages... The amount of access fb wants to my phone and the amount of space it would use, is absolutely ridiculous.
Tani.
Very good
Newest update constantly freezing & crashing.
Lebih mudah.
Love it
Best apps
Pictures not loading! Especially the feed preview.
I'm checking this app
It greate idont have any promblem.
Best
Facebook
Thanks you
Can't even post pics in comment's any more.

Awesome !!!!
But I can't log in.....when i try to log in of course i have network connection but it says there is no network connection..plss fix this
When I updated fb on my mobile from tow days ago all news feed and all comments appear " just now"
yuvraj
Dont know why you need access to everything in my phone
Good for  Inatant msg
Why does Facebook need so much of my personal data? The microphone? Where I am? I should be able to opt out of crap like that
Hated it!
Not responding!!
Goood
Why does it takes so much time to install?
Premkumar
Aadil bhai like it
So lovely
Just loving d app...
I luv face tyme
Kainis sobra
it has help me to reach my old friends
Thanks to those who creat this app fo us
Why all the access permissions ???  Your getting to personal facebook  !!!!
It always stops my video. And not play. Sometimes it play but it freezes in the beginning. Fix this!
It always says its not responding and have nothing to do but to close it or else waiting for 48years to start up...it annoys me everytime i open my account...to the point of throwing my device because of disappointment
Cant explaine about it

Force
Why do u need access to my pictures and contacts?
I have an HTC M8 and everything is up to date, but recently, the Facebook app has been taking longer than usual to load my feed, pictures, videos.. on WiFi and cellular.
Now is better but we can't comment a photo. :) but it is really ok now. Thanks.
App keeps crashing!
Constantly crashing!
Fecabook
Have not completted menu
1 star is completely justified when they try to force the new messenger on you and needlessly take messages away from this app. You don't need those extra permissions that come with it. Refusing to download messenger and will get 1 star until changed
Nice app
Why the pictures always blur? Please fix it in the next update
Give many server problem plz fix it:(
It's not letting me play the videos on fb. I WANT TO BE ABLE TO PLAY THE VIDEOS ON FACEBOOK!!!!!!!!!
Fake app
How much space does the app need on my phone!!!!!!!
Terrible
Thanks google . God sent
Yassss
Video stops half way... Really sucks...
Ok
Good
very good
Not much point in keeping this app when I can access from the browser and get more functionality. Force your users into downloading extra apps, & you will lose them altogether.
It opens,shows " No Post to Show" ? then go's off line ? need to fix the problem FB
Slow
Get to togetherness is at one place I.eeee fb
Fix this please it does not work it gets stuck
I feel it is slow
Good
Ridiculously slow & force closes at the drop of a hat. Now that I have to have the messenger app, I no longer have room for Pages Manager in order to run my pages. Facebook needs to put everything on one app and cut down on the space it uses!
Very slow browsing
Great
I love this app i can get in touch with my friends so quickly
good
So much to achieve on facebook, join us now.
It's an awesome app ;-)
Everytime I played a video on facebook app it keep force closed my video.. I try playing it in web version but nothing happen just like I've experienced on facebook app.. Please fix it..
Greenlandic. Disband kinds  duende DJs Fuchs  when DB d
Make facebook  faster and quicker to load up
Very laggy and runs scripts such as videos without permission. Issues with loading and privacy invasion, as well as the removal of messenger to further privacy invasion and consumer harassment.
I love it 
Malik
Now I can't download because of an error?  Facebook you suck.  Zukerberg you're a lousy corporate sellout. I would love to cuss you out, but I've got more class than that.  More than you, you sellout college rat.
Nice
Takes up alot of battery. More than any other apps in an android smartphone.
Like this app
The App runs well, but facebook got very pushy with what you could and couldn't do.
The permissions are ludicrous. Please allow me to check my private messages without having to download something extra.
But why is  this gone to my apps. When im not here at google play im not able to open my facebook
I have noticed that when we post pictures thru our status box and just select on the album icon to choose the album where we  want to upload our photos with and put on our captions it will show when we post it on our timeline and it will be post to each photos but now the only thing that is showing is the album description not the status caption you entered. Pls fix this.
I get bugs sometimes due to which i cannot load new notification.
Jadilah pengguna/pemakai yg baik&bijak..!
wow...
Ok
Super
Like semua
I love Facebook very much, I use it every day and I am grateful to have it. I keep up with my family and friends in today's world of not seeing much of each other physically. With that being said; Facebook infringes upon my privacy, even though I accepted the terms so that I may use it, it should not be able to access anything on my phone, computer, or tablet. What is your need of my pictures, contacts, and personal information? How do you gain from knowing it? Are you selling my information?
The bad thing is that, this app increased in size with time.. Fix it I'll give 5*
Lykzzz
Great app Very user friend
Nyc
Its really five star..love it
Videos don't work and they can see all your content
Super in my hand love it
Its a cool aap
Download completely separate app just to be able to message people. It makes no sense there are to Manny bugs and privacy issues ya'll need to fix or your gonna loose subscribers
Very good
Good app
Good
There's enough drama in life. I don't need cyber drama, too. And those permissions! Just, ugh.
Super
yo
Perfecto
Nice & cool
Every time i get a messege, fb notifys me of my most recent notification. Please fix
Meh
Why do you need all these permissions ?
Love my family
So slow
Easy to use.
I love this
Okay
Above excllnt
Great
its good
facebook is fun..
Its the best and the most popular app for social networking I hope that no 1 disliked this app...
Good
I love it...
Untill fb told me to get messenger! I was fine with the app people. And yes, im aware its for people to download the other facebook apps, but its forcing them to.
I love it but what I dont like is u have to get a other app just for messages
cant update
I love Facebook
Good social app for us
Always eror loading news feed sometime...more better if the person we just unfriend not appear in our news feed just because we have mutual friend.
FB Rocks Lol
Nice  apps..
Good
It exits automatically.. please fix and i will also fix my rating. . -.-
Update your shit Facebook, your app is draining my phone and lagging!!
Woooooooooooooow
1 of the greatest place in the world to come and let your expressions out ,your anger and all your bullshit... And no one seems to really care ... never mind the people that you don't really have a clue about who they are. Scary Scary Scary lol but we still do it... Its a free class of psychology. Lol
I love it
Why does Facebook need to access all the info on my phone? I've also been hearing that Facebook has all your personal info if you use the messenger app. Another problem, conversations are always freezing. As soon as I exit the app, my phone works fine. 3 problems, 1 star.
It's a good app but thinking bout deleting it cuz it takes up too much space
Foghladeh
I didn't like new version .Wheni try to open massage  it sys we've moved to massenger
i love it
Because when I push the like button it will always says...     The action is abusive....
Good.
Nt bad
We love all
Why do FB need access to my info? I don't want to give access to my camera, contacts, mic, pics and so no.
So so
Loved because i could talk to blood gang about niggaz slippin
Good
I just uninstalled this spy app. I dont want apps that lurking in my phone checking all my contacts, messages, camera, photos, microphone and internet usage. Ill just open it through Facebook mobile web instead.
Nice Features
My FB on my phone is always force close ???   Why??? Plss pix it .
A*ok....let ya know soon any updates, lol
Liked it
Won't play fb videos no more, and still can't see my messages without installing fb messaging app. So might as well uninstall and go thru the web page. Thanks for nothing fb app.
very gOOd
Homemade cadar cotton
Just hated it!
Boruah
I loved it
It was all OK at first, but after an update it caused my Moto E to reboot randomly, when I went into safe mode in moto e, Facebook is not responding...Forced to uninstall it....developers please fix this issue
100% working properly
What do you need permission to acess my microphone for??? 
I like this program
Thanks for fixing the previous errors! But there's another bug.. When I go through my feed, it lags badly. It never used to do this. Please fix and I will rate 5 stars! Again, thank you for the last fix!
Best
Sucks ..
Nice
Low
You really need access to all aspects of my life? Why?! What for?! You don't even give up on my camera and speaker? You are just too much. I uninstalled FB today and hope all do so that you have to change this rediculous policy! :|
Facebook is trying to spy on people smh
Why do we need messenger?
Facebook worlds...
Hate it
Good time pass
Border line stalking your users with the new messenger, so much for private messaging... not downloading the new messaging app
Just like the mobile site. Perfect!  No problems updating or opening. HTC Desire.  Would still like to be able to share posts though.
Facebook attt a gaal avadiya hundia ade te
I with billy Lozano
Why do you need access to this info is it even legal ?
Super
Videos aren't working properly..
Standalone messenger, worst idea..
Gud for android...
I really love facebook ... I found my friends there!!! .. And i even have new friends!! Im 24 hours on it .. I never leave it!! My life would be boring without it :)))))
Forever
Love it
Facebook

No help, none
Nice
This is very good
Facebook
It takes up too much mega bites every time it updates and now the messenger can see everything your doing or looking at omg so hell yea it sucks
Can you get it together please thanks
Fb is something i do not use anymore cause there is alot of drama...
Weak
Its good
super speed app
Why does FB need to take pics, videos & audio of me from my phone in the first place?!? And without asking first or notification in any way? No thank you. Uninstalled. If I could give negative stars I would.
student
Wish the notification drop down didn't pop up every time I get a message or something... also want easier access to news feed in order from most recent.
Why block an entire feature?   To force an audience to a second app.  Pathetic.
Facebook
Cooooooooooooooooollllll
Not good
Face book
love it but not for kids 
There is no such dramatic changes then the previous one.
You have no business seeing my pictures I don't post, contacts,  text messages or any other confidential information!!!!!
Since last update fb is garbage now.
Jitendar rajbhar
Good
No need to update the app.
Fix it
Good
Why are you forcing me to download your messenger app......I saw on many videos that your app tries to get our personal information! Why facebook why?? Fix this i'll give you 5 star
Every time I want to see comments on posts it doesn't let me.
Had to uninstall and reinstall this app because I logged out once and it kept coming up with an error message. Then I reinstalled the app and it won't go passed the setting up Facebook loading screen.... I'm so angry!!!!
I use your app for social networking...
Great!!!
Facebook gives you widest scope of coverage.
Great application for social networking
Socks
I HATE THE UPDATE SO MUCH.
Too many crashes
Bad update
Good
Freezes when I go past a video
Facebook shouldn't know my contacts
Gd one to keep in touch with d frnds
I,can't play videos. Fix.it.
I should not have to be forced into using messenger in order to message anyone from my facebook. Not happy
Ooooooooowe
Liked it
Jb b msg pr to plz
Why are you making ppl download this messenger app to talk to ppl on fb??? Change it back to where we can talk to ppl normally on the fb app
Icon facebook
But it good
I love Facebook because it makes me happy at all times.
Remove the need to use facebook messanger in order to message people back.
Thanks
Ok I updated last night and now its crashing every time I go on. Its seriously p****** me off.
App totally stops.  Awful!
This girl I mean straight up posted a picture showing boobs, butt, crotch the whole 9 yards and I reported it (yeah I'm a snitch today) and they said it doesn't violate their codes. Wow. Freaking porn and they wont delete it.
This is good time pass app. I'm no boring ........
Was great til i updated it
Keeps crashing many times today and please bring back messaging on facebook app not on messenger beccause messenger keeps crashing too hate it when im in a hurry i have to restart my device and i dont want to use fb messenger app
Its a wonderful app.  But I cant open it after installing. Please fix it.
Love my app for fb : )
Wht d hell hpn wid dis app
I've been looking at this little animated loading spinner Icon for, like, 2 days...
Everytime facebook updates, there is no need for it to take up more room on your SD card...
This is actually Kayla and I'm very private so I don't like FB.
Awesome
Stupid videos! Freeze every time fix this plz! Have to force stop like twice daily
Does not let me download a video and force closes a lot. And when i try downloading a video it takes hours and during the download it wont let me get on. Makes my phone super slow and messes up my other applications. This needs to be fixed right away.
Has lots of connection problems
Every video, vine, short or long clip will always stop and display error message. My phone is fine. I can play you tube and anything on Internet(except Facebook on Internet not app). I'm only installing updates again because the old version is no better either. App sucks!!
The app would stop running alot of the time.? No sure what's going on ,yet I use this site for friends and my family.
I like it
Very enjoyfull
Like it,
So easy even a cave man can do it.
awesome
Fb always rocksss
The 2 recently updates made the app suck. It freeze. It's slow. I can't watch any videos never loads up and when they do load videos stop playing exactly in the middle of the video. and it also made my phone slow.   Plz fix this crap.  0 stars
It always tell that unfortunately facebook has stopped.why is it unfortunately?please fix it...
nice
Everytime I watch a video on facebook it would stop and say video cant play can u fix that plz so till that gets fixed I give facebook 1star
Please fix video playback issues with Sony Z2!!

I spend a lot of my free time on Fb but the new update makes me wanna logout PERMANENTLY! !!
It's ok.
I like it
I don't need stickers, video, or any other bells and whistles. Just simple messaging will do.
Why can't I select a photo and save it to my gallery like old times..... what if wanna change my pro pic using a image I like I cnt use it. Others: its kool
Earlier it was going well.. But since I updated this time.. It takes long time to start..  Always shows a command.. "Setting up Facebook.. Please wait for a moment.." Please fix the problem soon
Liked it
Working kinda slow
How you going try and make me get the messenger app seriously!!!
But why should I download the other app for messaging when I have the fb app
Won't load or update. Please fix this
I love it
Keeps logging off.
Vnice
I like it
Meh.
Not all quality..
Its just a shortcut
I hate the fact that they are making us get the messenger app when we don't want it. It's not fair if we don't have enough storage to get the app and can't message others without the app. I feel like it should be optional to get the app if you want to so you can save your storage. I like everything else about the app but when I need to talk to someone and I don't have their number I can't. Please change this
All it does is freeze my phone...... its been updated and this is the only app on my samsung galaxy s3 that freezes. Fix it.
Facebook
Sunni (Muslim)
Good
Why da hell do I need messager anyways I like fb da old way it was all diss bs new is for da birds ...if diss keeps up I'll go back ta myspace...
Best app out there in today's World
Everything went stupid after update on galaxy note3. Images and vids not loading right. Sucky. I looked through comments before updating but all I saw was morons whining about privacy. Thanks for being useless morons.
It's crazy To make us use messenger..
Mostly very good
I can not download it
m
App is no longer convenient now that messenger is separate. Plus, this app I notice it uses a lot of battery power. Even when I use a task killer to save power, it comes back on. App should stay off when we dont want it.
i just like it..
The latest update has killed the notifications.you can only see the last notification.
SLOW!!
The fucken be
Nice
I refuse to download this app.. My privacy is priority.. If I want to get on Fb I will get on my pc
Easy to use
I like it.....
Loved it
some of the pictures won't load
Ok
I can simply chat with my friends overseas and I don't even have to pay so if you don't have Facebook I recommend it
Can't even download the app because when ever I try to it downloads says installing and then it restarts my phone
Good
The app is always notifying how it couldn't load the news feed, it won't update a status, it plays videos all wrong.
I don't want a seperate messanger app.... Why can't i just see my messages on the Facebook App?
Superb
Way to much invasion of my privacy
Dinesa
098251033
Like
Superb app
Don't approve of moving the messaging .
Toooooooo much bugs, look at the reviews look how many are complaining about it. Fix it and I will  rate 5 stars
Why i have to get fb messenger for chatting.?? There is nooo need for it .. it makes my mobile very very slow
Awesome
Too many permissions that give them access to everything on your phone. Deleted messenger and now I've deleted Facebook
Seriously worked fine, then I updated and now it freezes constantly... Annoyed
Crashing all day long.
Manik
The app it's self is okay I like. But the way the notification come in now witch when I'm in the middle of a post stops me it did not used to do so, also pls add where we as in users can set in the settings what we wanna see most recent or top stories. Bc right now I keep having to go over and push most recent.
Every time I get on this Facebook app it puts another 200 mb on here. I have to delete my data & start over. Why? Please fix for 5 stars
The messages should still be about to be seen and made on this app. Don't get greedy Facebook and make another app just to get another income.
Application is slow and crashes often. Also has difficulty uploading videos and accesses additional information invading privacy of users. Application also exposes users to spam and has no boundaries and blocking spamming. Terrible app and updates are worthless.
Facebook
Why this app need to access my msgs and other private data?? Sophisticated Pirates you guys are.
I just uninstalled Facebook and messenger! The are able to access your camera on your phone and see and hear what you are doing. Most people pay no attention to the details on things like this.  Reason? I saw a news segment and they explain how and that Facebook brought whatapp so watch yourself and your privacy people!!
Ok
Best software for social network but it should be perfect if add download videos function.. 
Facebook
best app for connecting friends relative n stay in life with enjoye sharing n much more for create memories for life n for ours
I keep getting an error message
Dear Facebook,  this is a just a simple suggestion. could you please remove the message tab in the app since you've made it unavailable to users. i really don't think it serves its purpose anymore. or better yet, update that tab so that once a user taps on it, it will simply route them to the messenger app (which is really useless, if i must say).  you're turning to be user-UNfriendly so far!  #justsaying #thatswhatsonmymind #listenup
Ok
Fast and high
Facebook messenger is invasive, intrusive, and down right unnecessary. Permission to all of my, well everything is both obsurd and stupid. Do no download messenger, just use your computer and drop off planet facebook mobile forever.
This app is an awesome way of communicating!
Mudah berhubung
Huge data consumption
Takes forever to load n refresh
Wow,,amazing
When a video pops up in my my feed the app lags hard. Someone fix this?
The app works slow in my phone.
Not using the message app... so people that send messages won't be seen... stupid to make you download it.
Make somethi ng right!!!
Amazing
Its cute
Knape knew download messenger
Simple
Nice app
Love it
Facebook
I like it
I like the app but I do not like the chat app.
Tharopoil,Ayancheri, vis,Thiruvallur ,Pin,673541 ,Vadakara,Calicut,Kerala
Why do I need To install the Facebook Messenger just to Open the msg. and i can't download the Messenger and it appears thatU can't download it due to some error 927...      Kindly Fixed This!
Nice
I think it should be a choice to use the messenger app it shouldn't be a demand!!
Now I can't even use facebook app cause it literally doesn't load in Fonepad 7. The same thing goes with the Messenger. It just crashes and crashes. Do something about this.
Facebook
awesome app.
Ok
Its realy good
Amber
For almost a yr I've been sending help requests and sending screenshots to show that you've removed my ability to comment on ANY SITE. Since that figures into the algorythm, I lose every site I follow on Newsfeed. NO ONE AT FB cares. You say "blocks" are temporary, from a few hours to a few days. How about 10 MONTHS? You people are not smart as you think you are if you can't fix this one simple thing. And everyone, I save the frustration of buggy updates by refusing to allow ANY updates.
How would I stay so connected with my family & friends around the world  without Facebook??
I do NOT want to install messenger app
Unstable on galaxy note 2 with android 4.2.2. It quits by itself multiple times and no indicator if it is an app crash or something else. Help or fix is appreciated. Thank you
No messenger - do you think I'm too retarded to use that within Facebook?
Good time pass
Darwin santelle
App really sucks now especially wit dat messanger crap...
No privacy!!!
Its so easy to use
Nice i like
I've recently recorded a video in HD and decided to post it on FB. When I did, the resolution lowered from HD all the way to SD....and I was on wifi too soo...yaa I hate it.
Love it
nice easy to upload my videos
Dudai
I love it so much and i ll like to click like for anything
Awesome update
Curtis Lamar Russell
There's no reason for Facebook to have access to all your personal information. It's all a bunch of bs..
Its ok, not good..
Please help... Wait google plus here I come!!!!! Fu.. FB!!
Halifee
Good
Ever since messenger was moved to a separate app, my Facebook app is constantly forcing closed. The messenger works fine, I've been actively using it for quite some time now... However, the Facebook app is now going straight to the toilet!!!
Every time there's an update it interferes with something else,I just updated my Facebook and now videos and pictures are taking for ever to pop up or start.But,for those of us who have a joint account,it's extremely difficult to switch from one birthday to the next, so many have joint accounts nowadays,it'd be so awesome if it were easier to switch from one to the other without So much trouble.
No complaints
Unknown error occurred while trying to play videos
Loved it
great
Functionality nice..  not so intuitive
I remember when this didn't freeze on me every other time I used it. I remember when my Most Recent feed was hidden & I ACTUALLY had a choice for either the Most Recent or this other feed
I don't understand the need for Facebook to access my text messages, phone calls, camera on my phone or the need for a separate app that does those things too for messages that are already part of this app.
I love facebook
I love it
You guys screwed up when messenger required a separate app! 2 stars is more than generous!
J
Best app for social network
Good.
Suka
I just wanna say Thanks. :)
It is the fastes app ever
They make u get messager n then hack into ur cam n ur voice n hear n see everythin! Dontt
I like Facebook it's good for your brain =-O. JK
A great app
Social network it goodnto connect and contact friends and family
This app is all government run whether or not anyone believes it. Scam. Uninstall and delete as soon as possible.
Hcjcjc
<3
Crap!
Loved it

Im loving it
Stalls or crashes most the time...my android tablet does auto updates but never fixes the major issues..
awesome!!!
Bye bye privacy
Thanks for letting all connect.
Awesome app i lime it
You should be able to want it or not.
It's awful but browser shows Facebook better than official app... Uninstalling this crap because it's defective. As well I don't need extra app for camera and messaging.
At 97% it's struck everytime
should no need to dwload facebook massenger
Hate that it's removed messages & it keeps posting old notifications that drops down from the top of the page :p
It is very easy to use than the other time..........
Meh.
Like it
Doesn't play videos. It keeps saing an error happened. Could not play video at like 20 seconds for everything
Just Fantastic
Easy way to communicate with friends and family
Lose stars because videos play like they are all on scratched CDs... Stupid. And notifications don't work... You'll get stars when you figure how to load videos faster
Love it
Cool
This app sucks a $$ click most recent to try to get past your crap feed and it's all from 5 days ago. Not mad though cause now I don't use it anymore cause it's just a pain
There is no need for them to have acess to all my personal info on my device
I love cause it is the best way to cmunicate with frends
So before the new update I was able to put my whole photo as a profile pic but now I have to crop it and I don't like it cuz I can't post what I want. Please go back or fix this situation. Also, the whole messenger thing, yea not gonna happen I'm disappointed that FB took messaging off and into another app. So ridonculous...Other than that,  great app!
Great
Whenever I watch videos, it will stop and say something like "Sorry,  an unknown error... ", and when I load the video again and skip that part I will get it again later . Also, the videos also hang halfway but there's still sound going on.  Not sure if it's only my phone
Ohhhh
Very good
Make up dates
Awesome
My profile picture, and my gallery is all gone. Give it back. Please!!
Good
Kaint
I don't know why but recently the video player only plays one min then stops. And it's not just on my G3, same thing on my fiancee's S4
Iqbalkhan
Gud nice better
Cannot share photo at specific group from album.  Can only post it at my fb wall.
love it
Worked fine before update now crashes
Adeel
Spy and wants to take all privacy, people beware.
The facebook app always stop while i use it
Its ok
Very helpful :)
We are forced to use Facebook messenger application to use Facebook chat.  What people don't realize is that they have the right to turn on any camera and view any photo on your device!  Friggen ridiculous!
Hope Its get faster
Awesome
This app has become so useless to me because its soooooo slow and pictures don't even load. Like come on now stop updating so much  and you will have better ratings and less upset customers-     SIGNED : UNSATISFIED CUSTOMER
So upset bcos still wondering...why was that??
To know whereabouts and details of my family and friends,,..
Facebook
Are gone!
It occupies a lot of ram. cant be in less size. or else create a new lite version for smaller devices.
It's crashing all the time. Fix it. Fast
Loved it
1 star for automatically re-enabling messages notification after 8 hours.
After update nothing but headache.  Don't like messenger app at all. Some things are better left alone.
It won't let me watch videos on Facebook -.-'
Lol
but hate this app, background processes are annoying. Ratings are for Facebook.
Its "ok" only because i can stay in the loop with family and friends. Otherwise it needs permission to access like EVERYTHING in my phone!!! Can fb let go of some of these useless permissions.  Why just why does it need access to my call logs????
I can't see posts that I'm tagged in on my timeline. Please fix.
back button function does not work most of the time. Im on 4.4.4 Kitkat. please fix
It force closes 5 or more times a day. Please fix!!! Still sucks!!! You have not fixed this!!!!
Cute
I never planned on updating the app because I haven't  heard anything good about it. I only got the new version because I got a new phone. I HATE the newsfeed why can't it be in chronological order grrrrrr so annoying. And seriously just let me message here not another stipid app!! Fix this mess!!
Awesome
So slow.  Ever since messenger was updated barely can get it to launch.  Unfortunate.
I don't want to give permission to use my camera, recorder, etc whenever without asking or permission to read through my messages and contacts.
Cant download because some error (498)
Sai   Sai     Khan   ling
Me in public. Love me for 30 sec in the bedroom back seat of car couch porch then act like ya dont know a mofo just how I love it...you are # 67 thx fb
Best
I hate that people can see your number if you used your number to register
Don't download messenger app.
Love fb
Love this app!
Why must this app need access to microphones and to text messages and any other personal apps on the phone. Big brother at work.....
Uses very less mbs and saves money
If i click on the new messages it doesn't function then takes me to the home screen. Pls fix it =(
Like.
Its amazing but color to the facebook page would make an awesome page
Won't let me install saying unknown error naw you know the error fix it!!!!
Crashing always poor and very slow to load and update fix this or else uninstall
Veeeeeery goooooooood
As a result of all the Facebook messenger privacy issues surfacing, I read the ones for the Facebook application as well. I was very uncomfortable with what I read. I urge you to do the same and decide whether you are comfortable with the  permissions of either of these applications. I am deleting both from my phone.
Facebook
The fb app keeps freezing if you dont download messenger an dats a set up i rate a negative 10 sent many bad reports bout it but nothing

U
Keeps freezing up or totally stops! I hate it!!! Plz fix!!!
Latest post I can see is 5 hrs ago! Updates are suppose to improve it, not make it worse.
No need to ask any1 about aperson who was past of ur past
Rahaman
Facebook
Seriously, why are items from a day ago at the top?  Let me change that!
I cannot even open my chat online now. Always not responding and it is so irritating. Now i cannot open my messages.
Won't let me play videos all the way through. Will freeze half way through but play sound.
Good app
Good
After turning off app refresh it still refresh every 15 to 20 minutes. I can never make it threw my time line. Also no matter how many time I change my time time to show recent news 1st it keeps showing most popular.  If you fix this could be 4 to 5 stars.
Freezes constantly . Most unstable Facebook experience to date...really frustrating
Frozen video
I like the app alot, but it's just takes SOO* many MB.
I use to use fb on my phone. ... I won't anymore. I'm not downloading a messenger app so since that was the only reason I needed fb, I guess I'll just delete it all.
My browser does the same thing this app does only better. This app seems to be forcing people to install messenger which has terrible permissions.
I had to reset app to the factory version on my phone to be able to upload a video. With the new updated app i could not do it with using normal full bar service or using WiFi. i would really like this bug to be fixed. Its a big inconvenience to have to uninstall each time, but other than that its wonderful.
I like this app but I don't like how the new facebook is. I don't know how I see things people posts yesterday or hours ago, I don't like that'd we can see messages unless we download facebook messenger, ans it takes up a lot of space on my phone
Awesome and easy to access smoothly
Ooooh this is so amazing try it you will be surprised
Facebook latest version
Facebook
Pathetic. freezes alot and takes ages to log in
Wats happenin with facebook? Horrible!
Uses way too much of my data plan and hate the breech of privacy !!!!!!!!!!
It won't let me see my messages
Tnx
It's slower than ever. News feed doesn't loads and I can't watch videos.
Now I can't get to comments and my messenger still won't work.  Fix it!!!!
This App Sucks!
Mst
good
Its vry good
I can post just about anything, cool.
The app not respond and force to close
What has happened to this app?! I have had to uninstall then reinstall this app 4 times since it's most recent "Update". It freezes, crashes AND it force closes. This has to be the worst update for this app that I've seen in a very, very long time. If I have to uninstall this app one more time I won't reinstall it. Fix!!!!
App okay
Why???!!! My clash of clan acount can't connect to fb.. but my battle camp account can!!??? Fix please
Y does Facebook need access to everything in my phone? And y must I download a whole new app just to c who's messaging me? Fix it or I'll uninstall this pos app
Good app!
Love it

Good
Forces me to close app and it's all stupid now anyways, no originality, basically pinterest and instagram all rolled into one, share this share that, no one just talks to each other anymore very dumb.
I notice the ones that complain have phones with sorry processors great update if you have a phone capable of handling simple apps
Facebook is retarded now. You wanna look at our personal information facebook? You can go to hell and stay the fu*k out of my sh*t.
Haven't been able to login on my FB account since yesterday nd that's why am rating 4 stars,pls fix it ASAP, other than that I love facebook
Facebook is my second favorite app ever. YouTube is number one.
My issue with fb is as often as I have to update it will not let me log in after
I want to message on my app. I don't need another app for messaging.  Also there is no reason for you to use my camera without me knowing.
Please check for auto installation of messenger. I don't want to install that.
I would advise people to read what privacy you are giving up with this app. They access every part of your phone. Rather you have anything to hide or not Facebook having this much info on billions of people is insane.
What's going on with the video playback on FB? Every video I try to play stops with an error!
Yeah
Back when MySpace was popular, I said I'd never become a Facebook user. I was sadly mistaken.
Good app
I have to click each and every notification so that the home screen widget doesn't register it as new? Why? If I view and scroll through the notification area the widget should reset. Or at least give us the option. Also, why do I need a second app to read my messages? I don't want Messenger but I need it since the functionality to read messages was removed from the main app? Annoying!
Good
Aila Silay
Good No..great no, amazing yea that
WELCOME TO FACEBOOK
Please do something as it.is annoying ..suddenly crashes and I have to.restart.it.again
SUPER NICE APPLICATION GOOD JOB AND GODBLESS
^____^
Facebook is starting to creep me out. they can activate your camera and microphone without your consent, they can also edit text messages without your consent either.
Gooood
Fffff
Excellent service
Nice
Awesome
Cool
Good deed
Its OK.......
Good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good
After the update videos won't play, running Sony Xperia Z. Please fix asap
Updated fb app and keeps forcing close no it's not ok
absolutely hate the new format
Love it
This is the best app
It hangs alot!!
Simple lang
Privacy sucks now
Hate that i have to use messenger its kind of ridiculous to have to use another app just to message people! They should give us a option to ! But no the dont !
This update is garbage. App keeps locking up my s4. Never had any problems like this before nor do I with any other apps on my phone. Fix it please.
Good
takes too long to connect
Awesome app 5 million stars
Swast
Why does it keep freezing I updated it a hundred times but still good
Good
help?
Follow us @Rickmoonwalker
Rubish
Wassup
K
L
Awesome
Good sources of communication
Messenger is the one that messed up FB so please take that away
It keeps force closing and I can't do anything.  Tried re- installing but nothing is working!
To hard to download the app it keeps freezing
Need to fix this crap
Facebook sucks. I wish some I.T. genious would come up with a viable alternative to it
It's facebook. The end.
Very happy with app
Nigam
Life-sucking but useful at times.
Too much loss in functionality.
Reset my phone and now I can't get the app to download. Hmm it's really weird.
My tablet won't let me get into Facebook even when my phone gave me conformation number.
Fast and amazing
FB doesn't need access to my private messages, my private photos, or any of my personal info for that mater. There is a reason its private get your nose out of my business facebook.
I have zero complaints
Videos will crash a few seconds in no matter what. Also the newsfeed should be default chronological or at least let that be an option. Everything is old posts.
Please bring back the messaging feature :( messenger app should be optional to download :(
With all the access you need, make sure things work
Why should we have to get messenger
I really wish I could uninstall this useless app from my phone but it won't let me.
Make it were we can copy and paste from the app please. Force closing like crazy all the suddon!
Works okay
Would rate zero if I could. Honestly would rate it at 3. But thanks to  them forcing messenger on us, gets the lowest rating possible.
It sucks!
Too many changes with the app. Very frustrating. The messaging part of it does not work well at all.
Why in the world does it take about 90 mb on the memory??
Booki!
Cool
For got password
Maybe it's my old HTC Incredible, but this last update constantly crashes.  I'm about ready to uninstall.
Good service
Same phone number new phone and face book never heard  of me. I AM 69 yrs old and don't need passwords. I was on facebook on this new phone and every time I leave they want a facebook password if I have to put one in every time I guess I will get a flip phone -facebook and google hard to work with! !!
Not up to a standard mark
Ok
Love it
Very disapointed with this aap
Ever since fb made me install messanger its hard to message people. messanger is just too much confusion. And now i cant watch ANY videos on fb. Fb sucks.
There is no need to download another freaking app to message people on FB ....why are you guys messing up everything .....  This is BS!!!! Go spy on other dumb people who actually downloaded your stupid spying app in other words "messenger"......>=-[
the app continues to shut down for no reason. Evening is up to date. I'm not understanding why this is a thing. Get it together folks.
Its always not responding when im viewing images pls fix it!
Why does it have to constantly run?
Will not let me download
Since the last update, the loading takes too long. Sometimes its not opening. Please fix it!!
It's a great app
Like it
V nic
fb force closes alot and i do not want messenger app on my phone!
Awesome
It's ok
Nice
Awesomemi
Great
Like
Too many permissions that aren't needed for the app to function.

The Facebook app was ok until the admins decided that you HAVE to fricking download the messager to view your messages.....unless things goes back to the way it was I WILL NOT get the app....I will use the browser.
Security breech
SUCK A DICK FACEBOOK
Maybe instead of updating the app you should fix the glitches. I deleted the app because it kept freezing up, the same with FB messenger.
Force closes
Wonderfull
I think its crazy I need a app just to talk to ppl on Facebook
BeDaaa
Super convinient c:
Darth vador
It's a good to communicate with people from far away... thumbs up! :)
1000xx tumb down
Appe
Best friend s....
Shuts down when; I press 'most recent', receive a facebook message, use the 'search' tool, tap a link someone has shared, I press a video to watch and if I do nothing but scroll the 'Top Stories' (which btw sucks, why would I want to read posts from last week?) It shuts down completely at random for no reason. All of the above since the last update and as this seems to be a very common issue (from reading recent reviews) I am disappointed there hasn't been a patch update already. You dont deserve even one ¡î
J
Love it
Updated E1 and now lost Facebook, it's saying it's incompatible? Any suggestions anyone....
As the title says, "it does the job well!" However, I would love to see continued improvements to make the experience even better.
It takes up wayyy to much data and it freezes on me and kicks me off. Needs an upgrade ASAP
It's OK
why are forcing us to get the FB messenger ?!
Why we need one more App for message?
Uninstall. Will use a Bookmark added to my home screen. Stupidest idea EVER!!!!!
sumsung s 2
Who doesn't like Facebook only way I can chat with my bf
choose audience for my posts....like when i post something. in the people who can see friends, only me, public, settings (choose who can see) or like in privacy settings. choose who we can make it invisible to like using in a PC. thanks.
The requirements to download this app is an outrage and needs to be fixed
To me lot of fun
Amazing
@_@
Iove it
I try to post a vid but it stuck and it just say starting upload but it didn't upload my vid at all and whn try to open fb it froz my phn! Pls fix
Good
Like
To join more friends
you have to crop your profile pictures into tiny squares now. who's stupid idea was that?
I like it!!
Lovin it
It keeps crushing all the time
My phone hangs every time I try to run it...
Why do you need my texts/camera/phone calls!?! Why do you run in the background using up ALL my storage space!?!? And why can't I permanently delete this ap????
Everyone is leaving and deleting their FaceBook accounts and moving to tumblr  which is a lot better. MySpace fell apart, Circle and now FourSquare is going that same direction. So why am I going to stay when everyone I know is leaving Facebook.
I very like this app
Moto g Motorola
Dont like the idea if it accessing EVERYTHING on or around my phone.
Every time I want to watch a video it won't play this is.getting annoying what are you guys doing about it
Its to the gud
Badhe change cheez ha wela nikmy bndy no kam ta lanr wasty ty nal change kurian takna wasty.
U keep complaining n cryn over ur privacy while u have installed whatsap, instagram, original facebook, and blah blah blah. What's da difference btwn this and other social network app? They all require the same permissions. Don't be a media philic. If u so care of or privacy as u claim then lol start uninstalling all social apps. " ooh ur accessing my camera, audio......" Spare me dat crap talk ts as if u will never upload an instant photo or audio
good update but the layout sucks. hate how the automatic option of wall is "top stories" and not "most recent". most recent is also hidden & when i switch to most recent it switches right back. i hate i only see posts from friends i interact with most. i'm friends with people on fb so i can see EVERYONES posts not just the ppl who you think i want to see the most. i do however like how i can turn posts notifications off so i dont see everyones comments. fix these few problems and will be a 5 star app again
Its slow as crap
It's good but lately it xrashes everytimr i open.. i totally cant use fb anymore...
Difficult  with  password
I can't delete my pictures off fb using my tablet it confirm the delete yet still d picture is still in my album Plz fix it nd I will gibe u a 5 star
Markaguilera
This is how I stay connected to my family and friends back home.
It's a good app to share, see friend's posts, comment, etc. The only problem i find is after a while, when i got to the messages it basically forces me to install the menssager app. It takes space and i don't find it really helpful. I liked the way it was before.
Forces me to close every time. I hit veiw most rescent
Takes too much space
Good App!
Outrageous permissions. Kick rocks
I'll try the app one more time but if it doesn't work I'm not gonna use it
Facebook kkkk
its a good app for facebook
Jaise jindgi ki ahm chij hai fb
I don't mind Facebook, and when I'm bored out of my mind I find a few laughs, but now I can't even access my messages without downloading the messenger app which supposedly invades and removes your privacy, I've no idea the validity of these statements, but I'm not selling my phone to Facebook and downloading all this crap! Also stop asking me to sync my contacts, I have Google for that! I've said no every few hours ever since I got my phone, and there's no setting to remove that notification! Rant over...
Good
My app is constantly freezing after a few mins. Please sort this out
Very much enjoy this site.. Can keep up with family and friends.
App is not responding many many times
Don't like the way I have to switch to recent news feeds.  Photos are taking a long time to display.
Media
Lisa
Always has  problem with video paying. Unable to select text
OK
I can no longer take pic off fb and down load them back to my ph this really sucks----it bad enough that I lost all of my grand baby's pic from the 2 of the mouth now  real pisst-----fb suck now keeps freezing up on me fix it
Easily gets booring
I bet you'll like it.!
ok
no messages and it is not any faster
Since the latest update app shuts down when trying to access most recent who cares what happened three days ago the app should be less hassle but at the min its quicker using desktop version on my mobile why???????
Whatever this upgrade does, it sucks! Removed from phone. Fk Facebook
Its slow and you cant view your messages. Its lame.
Facebook crashes.  Always force close. Pls fix
Facebook
This is the best app
Invasion of privacy
Ride them hard
Runs slow and can't update statuses
The only thing I honestly CANNOT stand is when I'm scrolling through my feed reading statuses or watching video previews and it automatically updates and scrolls to the top?!? It's so frustrating scrolling through and then having to start over! Why doesn't it just just show me I have updates and give me the OPTION to see them???
fb
I like it
I don't know if it's just my phone or something but when my phone's turned off, the app returns to to it's last version which is in my phone, the lowest one, so i have to update it AGAIN
Works great.
Awsome sause
Smart in use ......
Looks rubbish on my tablet
Mr
Love the app
They don't need their hands on my phone
Had slow moments and tendency to crash.
Will not download this app .....they can access stuff on your phone like contacts an your camera
new update freezes after opening the app.
Fix the timeline! I want most recent news first! Wth would you be so arrogant to think YOUR way is THE way?
News feeds do not show in order and video player won't work..also would like stop notification so I don't have to delete my comments on posts. please fix!!
Just as I no longer need an mp3 player, I don't need two Facebook apps. Un-installing.
Recommendation is to Uninstall app including fb messenger.
Sorry bit I will give 2 stars because of tue log
Rx7
Update
Completely useless, kept kicking me out as app not responding, also on rare occasion it did work was very very slow and took an eternity to load worked fine on my old phone, please fix asap!!!!
It was better before it updated. Now it stays loading with a text that reads "setting up Facebook". What is going on with this app? Rather disgusted waiting 5 minutes or more just for the login screen to finally come up, nevermind the time that it takes to finally get on and then it's so slow at scrolling and navigating. And why oh why do those posted videos automatically play, if I want to watch them I will click them! Why is Facebook making so many choices for people, we can make up our own minds!
I love it
Brilliant
I dont care for it and can when you do it, invasion of privacy also.
Will never download this app again. They can gain access to info on my phone , camera and record without me even knowing. No thank you.
Guys it needs permission to your albums so you can upload pictures
great content speed increased
.
Facebook use to work OK. But recently, it crashes and tells me my messenger isn't responding. I think it's crap that a) I am now required to install yet another app to do the one thing I used Facebook for and b) the required app isn't even working properly. I am kinda done with you, Facebook.
Huge fb user
Well its Facebook what else does one need to say
It keeps freezing up and not receiving....
Don't like the fact that they're trying to force us to have the messenger app.
Cool
Thanks
Fb not open fix plz
an option should be added to edit the thumbnail of the profile picture.
Good software
Wow
wwwlaolcom
The best site ever:')
Why do I need to install messenger and I uninstall cannot open my messages pls fix it its getting  worse
Great.. Faster... Sharper... Better.. Though at times it hangs and doesn't open but all in all it's great. Well done guys
great app always no problems  and runs great
Goes from 43 minutes ago to 6 hours ago. Why am I missing 5 hours? Yes I'm looking under the most recent tab.
Good
I love this app but why must you make a seperate app for messaging. I thought that facebook was ment to come with messaging dont understand why so 3 stars it is.
Jacqueline santiago
It's Amazing
No app is worth sacrificing my privacy.
Facebiok
Don't want to download messenger to read messages
i like this app...
Its really slow on devices with slow processing capabilities.
Its really great app ..... FB keep moving forward
Verry slow
Junk!
This app ask for too much
Nice app ... user frindly :)
Lag -_-
I thought your app couldn't get any worse. Now Most Recent doesn't even show all of the posts. STOP MESSING WITH MY NEWSFEED!    --Older Review--  Absolute garbage! Why do you refuse to let me set my News Feed to most recent? I hate having to change it from Top Stories every time! I wish I could leave a zero star rating.
Its keep crashing when i upload picks. I Hate this fb update better is that, i use fb in my computer, i am gonna Uninstall it
Love it works perfectly
Awesome,........
Gooood
Videos wont play out on the phone. Really annoying
why even have a messenger app. It totally fine with out it. Seems like Facebook is snooping around on all your mobile devices. It sucks slow as hell every since i updated.. i got 4G network. And it shouldn't be that slow. Fix facebook.
App sets on"sittong up facebook"and never finishes
Facebook you need to stay out of peoples devices. You were good until you started spying on everyone
Sucks. And this app sucks. And it's not like the developers look at these reviews and care about their users. Also it's stupid to have a separate app for messages. It should be optional.
Ji
is great....
Deborah Richard
This app keeps forcin close
Perfectly plan and executed
I would like to have control of my own feed. I don't want to see posts from 2, 3, or 4 days ago. I want the most recent news first!! Fix it and you got five stars back.
Since the new update I can't access fb mobile app. Its keeps forcing close
So awesome
It was smarter!
App will not open with this latest update. Hate it!
Let me set most recent as default!  Top Stories is terrible and no one likes it!
Great
Videos and msg keep Stopping
Im starting to get very annoyed with facebook because it keeps crashing every few seconds and it sometimes wont event let me sign in. Ive tried uninstalling it 4times now but that hasnt even help. Please can yu fix this overwise im gonna have to get rid of facrbook for good.
Don't know what I'd do without FB lol
Control in apps, control in links, control in posts due to poorly thought out algorithm and many posts are never seen. Video uploads rarely play. Couldn't give it a minus rating. Looking for other options.
Excellent, loved the apps
Very well for us
Since new update I can do nothing in fb app. It says foreclose constantly. Please fix!!
Fer197725
Facebook is the beast social network
I want from fb company to add custom option to privacy sharing on fb mobile app
Why i install another apps to see my fb masseges.. This is very disturbing for me.. why fb moved to massenger.!?. Me n most of my frnds don't think massenger is helpfull.! Soo pls remove fb messenger as soon as possible..
This app used to be brilliant but now I cant watch any videos my friends put up and the ice bucket challenge is in full swing
Berjayateguh
It sucks. I use it less do to not able to read messages
In goshi man no suport dorosto hesabi :)
Sorting news feed by date is impossible to find amongst other things.
Stop wanting to know what happens on my phone.
I lost Facebook 3 times
It wont let me sign in do somthing
Ok
Don't use it
Lah
It says there's an error and then it won't work
Don't like the messages not being able to be seen on the FB app itself. I shouldn't have to download a separate app, which I will not do. So I'll have a FB account where nobody can message me anymore. Makes for a great app...put messages back into the FB app!!!

...,but it's not compact like older version of facebook design. I want old facebook back! All is ok, all working right, but I only want diffrent design.
This horrible. ...
The app freezes/crashes a lot for me...Other than that, everything's great!
Good way to talk to friends and family
This app became one of the worst ones ... if you install on your smart phone they can have access to everything on your phone whenever they want it and you can't control it .... see before you accept it when installing it
I dont know why everytime i open my fb account it says that i am using a misconfigured internet connection, Since i updated it yesterday!! Please fix it
Can't edit privacy in many things, can't do many other things that were available before.
Closing out all by itself & saying that something is wrong with Facebook. Can't use it at all I'm so disappointed
Good
I am having major issues with the app crashing every time I open the app. FIX IT!
Verygood
Read title. Lel
Awesome App :'D
No privacy
Ever since the update every time I want to see a video it just pops up an unexpected error occurred while trying to play this video please fix this.
I have always loved Facebook but why can't it just stay in chronological order so I don't just keep seeing the same posts on repeat? I did have the option to choose most recent whenever I went on it but even that has disappeared. Also a separate app for messages just uses up more phone space. It was fine as it was before. if it ain't broke, why fix it?
Some fhoto on my albums something wrong can't downloaded please fixed assap as possible
The app is awesome
Don't update. Kills ur phone
Why does this want acess to photos camera mike etc which you dont have to acess on a desk top we would object if the Govt.  wanted to
good Facebook.  i can get to meet all the people's an friend s..
Awesome!!!!
Facebook has no right requesting permission to access anything on my phone. There is no excuse or reason to read my texts, emails, or access my camera or microphone. So for that I am done with Facebook and it's entitled attitude. If some of the rest of you would pay attention to what you are granting permission to, you would do the same.
Always does what I want


Love it
Excellent way to keep in touch
Loving life...
Why does Facebook need access to all my personal info including pics and contacts. Not cool!
Since it updated yesterday it keeps freezing ...Please fix this issue fb. ....:(
Why do you guys need to infringe on our privacy? Why do you need access to our camera, and microphone???? Enough is enough!! And don't even get me started on the new messenger!? Keep it up and people are going to stop using your app all together!
The app isn't working properly ...it crashes after a while saying "force stop" ... The login too takes quite a lot of time in setting up Facebook ... What the hell is wrong ?????!!!!! ....
Not worth
I love fb so freaking much
Meseret shiferaw
It doesn't want to work properly
I hate that I can't get into my messages unless I downloaded messenger. That is ridiculous
Nice
I get that there's probably a reason, but I don't like that messages have left the Facebook app. I don't even want the beast of an app that is Facebook, and now I have to download an entirely new app for one feature?
Not all of my friends posts are showing on my timeline. Fix please
Is always using cpu to high. Even on standby so battery does not last and does not work prop makes phone unresponsive
bbbb
This is an application that attempts to spy on the unwitting consumer without their knowledge. People need to be alerted about the invasive permissions that this application exploits upon installation. Why does a messenger application require permissions to RECORD audio on my phone at ANY  time,  save my CALL LOGS, read my MESSAGES,  take pictures and access my CAMERA at ANY time without my informed consent? This is not only wrong,  but a deplorable insult to my basic consumer right to privacy.
Nice
There is no reason to have messenger. Facebook only wants you to have it and download it to see what your doing 24/7 BS not from my phone or tablet. I now think it's Time to delete my Facebook for good.
Enjoy this app.
will not ready to hire until you do not need access to all contacts pictures videos microphone camera I want an email and why you need these things ASAP or will delete and create own app that other people can use as a social media without wanting their personal information pictures videos access to that camera in microphone that is only use to spy on people that needs to be removed I will start a huge protest against this ...crazy with is going on
Videos don't play all the way through,  it will go for maybe 7 seconds before exiting the video and displaying an error message.  This happens every time.
ºÜºÃ£¡
M
When i started typing with ".",it is starting to have its own link.and its creeping me out...fix this...
Facebook
It's facebook...
Won't even let me get on. Just a blue screen that say setting up Facebook. But it never does. Please fix this
Interesting
On Sony experia update. Automatically deleted Face book now phone Won't install it back. Says incompatible update,, please fix as this Is obviously A common Problem.
Will not even let me log in aborts for some reason whats going on sort it out!!!! Dont even know why im bothering tbh with the stupid messenger thing anyway hate it!
But you don't really need to have messenger
What good is the app if I have to open facebook on browser to watch a video :@
Thank You
Hate that u cant message on it anymore u have download the messenger app which I def wont be doing this is not an improvement but a set back
Fast nd easy to keep in touch with friends nd family
Back nor home button working on the galaxy s5
Everytime it updates it takes up more space and has less functionality.
Now the app is 99% complete... Its fast reliable it looks better chat is better and uses a lot less memory. Now all you have to do is put a save photos option and youre there.
Very god
Absaloutly stupid updates messes it up logs of then logs straight back in and says account disabled
:)<3
I give it 4stars because some  times it stopped working suddenly after starting it shows a message that the Facebook app is not responding... so please fix it when this problem will stop showing that message after opening this app then I will give it 5*stars.
Very like this app everyone should have this
Raby
Facebook use to be pretty awesome but now it's too complicated, slow and can't be trusted because of all the Facebook snoops!! With the new update it sooo sucks and I don't even want to use anymore..
Great
Okay
Ccsn
Every time i Open Facebook. Its clossing again and again. Please Fix. Please Thankyou

Muy Buena aplicasion me gusta
Good
This system is crap .
Don't copy Twitter
Don't know what's going on but the app keeps freezing while I'm scrolling through the news feed. Please fix.
Kept on crashing
messon
.
It can take pictures with my camera without my knowledge...that's just WRONG!!!
Why is there a need to update every 3 or 4 months?  if it ain't broke don't fix it.  I'm one update away from deleting the whole thing
Keeps freezing doesn't work properly
You shouldn't have to get another app to message someone. Fix it.
Book
Just upgraded from the LG G2 to the G3 can't finish a video posted on fb. The video plays for about 30-45 seconds then a message sorry cannot play video.... Then I have to have another app (messenger) just to look at my messsages? Wth fb. That's like playing fruit ninja and having to have another app to see the fruit I'm cutting. Jeez. The only reason I even have a fb account is because its mobile I hate the desktop.
Great
SAMSUNG Galaxy Ace 5S
Supeb
Ponkaaaa
hu
App deleted, wanting to much personal info, messenger too
Facebook doesn't use
Mt ruim
the app is slow on this phone , videos constantly crash and so does the app, so much for being compatible with my android
Separating the messenger from Facebook has severely complicated things.I start to type and the messenger closes then goes to the wrong message. Very inconvenient.
I luv this app it enjoyable
Love Nay Toe
Review
I don't get my notifications at the righht time, they always show up late. Fix it please and I'll give 5 stars.
Is just ok
Way to many permissions needed now to use.  Why do you need access to my microphone, my cameras my contacts ect??
I really enjoy whats in my newsfeed thanks to this im updated of whats happening
I uninstall fb and install it again because i was creating my profile and it just stoped but really good app ...
Have to see how much it burns my b
IT. WONT. STOP. CRASHING. This is like the sixth or seventh time in TEN minutes and its getting old.
Have to uninstall and reinstall every time I scroll past someone's posted video is Freeze's up Facebook! Very aggravating!!! Ugh:((
Alittle slow wit the up dates an what not
Need to fix it since I updated the app all it does is crash
Updated App Now It Wont Open !
Socionetwork
Latest update makes it practically unusable. slow to refresh feed, slow to type and reply to messages. Just really bad.
Because I can not get the app and to many of my friends say they r having trouble with the pics and the other things they keep swirling and not popping up. I just have my phone and use it for Facebook so please fix problems.
ok
Keeps crashing when you try to watch a video that someone has posted. Only does it since the update
Yuup
I I have been on FB exactly one year a week ago, what was an enjoyable means of staying in touch with friends and family all over the country, has now turned in to an aggravating nightmare. It is as if you are trying people's patience to force them away from Facebook. Or is it true that you are just a Governmental watchdog as is suspected by the majority of users, just trying to invade our personal space and privacy for alternative reasons?
0508014726
Why people can tag in my wall. Even I haven't permitted anyone for this.
Nice application
Love d modifications
They added a new cool camera and microphone
Love it
I WANT access to all of my old pictures, posts and statuses.... nothing less will suffice. I DO NOT LIKE my previous years worth of energy and memories summed up in what FACEBOOK determines were highlights! When I get aggravated enough I will simply deactivate and exert my expression elsewhere, even my own blog or website!
It's great !
Facebook
It's Facebook what can I say
Cool what a way to connect to long lost school friends and distant cousins great app but videos won't play on xperia sp uninstall last updates the app works perfect
Fix bugs
It is running slow now. And why does fb need access to my cameta contacts etc? Eff you
Liked it better before they needed all your information. ....big brother...
It really needs to be streamlined for better use of content / current content without all the unnecessary permissions and notifications...
Perfect
I cant play any video in fb please fix it
Nt satisfied
It's just a little bit concerning an application needs to access all content of your phone and personal life what the f*** is facebook in with the government trying to monitor the individual through their f****** cellphone
Why must there be a separate app to send a message to someone. I don't find the need to open a completely different app to send a simple message or sk a question to another.
Its working easily but not efficiently...
No
Invadive .
Ooo
It's good but it wont let me play videos and relly don't want a separate thing for messages its dum
A bit better than the previous version.
Stop uplaoding my camera pics automatically on facebook privately. Wtf is wrong with you? I need my privacy. Stop being creepy. And why are you updating this app every two weeks and i dont see any difference after updating it. Create a reply button on the comments in the pages.
I m using a micromax canvas 4. When i click on the video the just gets closed as if it crashed. Please fix the same.
Facebook
Very slow
Swiping from one page to the next is awesome.
I have a HTC ONE M8 and facebook keeps freezing and then tells me it has stopped working whether im scrolling through news feeds, uploading pictures or even watching videos!
Incompatible now, would give 0 *
For the love of god move that stupid thumb that's RIGHT WHERE the send button is. I can't count the number of times I've sent that thing. If you 'like' messages, you're a douche. Remove this feature ffs
Ever since the last update, the application hangs up, and freezes on most every use
Its ok
I updated my sony e1 but whenever i installing this app not downloding well and displaying incompatible update please solve this matter? What i do
Keeps crashing
Too much access will delete if not changed.
Recently started having issues with my battery getting hot. Deleted cache and helped for a few days.
It update version fb stack my phone
If it ain't broke,  why fix it?
Good app. But freezes lotta time. Takes long time to load.
Nice
What is wrong with fb!! Now u have to istall messenger wth! I give it a 0. Driving ppl nuts here, they dont know that it accesses ur pictures contacts and is able to listen and see what u do with that app!
crush
Samsung Galaxy S4
Good enough.
App randomly freezes and crashes when scrolling through newsfeed and other pages. Happens several times a day.
Love it
It is very grossing app i like this very much this is orignal also
It's a good app.   Good layout.  No issues.
Never loads. So removing it
Good app great for checking out what's going on.
Facebook isn't work the hassle because you need to get the messenger app to look at Facebook messages anyways. Why make messaging part of this app if you can't use it without an additional app?
I love facebook
It is a cool app
My question is why does FB need their hands on things in my phone and or tablet (for example: my camera contacts  gallery and my text?) Things I wont let my closest friends and family see. maybe FB wants to see a picture on my ....... get your hand out of my cookie jar. so until you can all stop snoopin like lil pervs I left facebook . F**kin Peepin Toms
Ever since last update mine constantly crashes and freezers
It makes you use devices like messenger. If I wanted a messenger I would loaded it long ago. Not be forced to use it. Maybe deleting account soon. Please go back to the regular Facebook page.
Jamanshe
Dislike all the information Facebook and Messenger has access to.
;)
I absolutely hate that I had to download the Messanger app just so I can get my facebook messages it really stupid and constantly messes my phone up
Excellent
Nice
Need to provide a version that has a messenger.
Don't need, don't want messager app.  Don't want constant reminders.  No no no no no!
Every time I go past a video in my news feed Facebook shuts down and says that Facebook is not responding. Please fix this.
While playing videos on fb an error occurs always. Don't know why. Please do something
When ever I play video I will get an 'error occurred while playing video' pls fix this then I would give 5 star
Awesome
I have been a user for years but I DO NOT like being forced to use the messenger app and being told it invades my privacy by accessing my camera and phone calls. I am unsure how that is necessary to use messenger when you are typing. You are going to lose a lot users because of this.
Hate it
Forcing me to use messenger and too many permissions.
Good
For an older version but it is not supporting grand neo
Niceee
Very Nice app
Great
Keeps sticking wont let u do things u want not very good
Useful
Love facebook on it alot but why must you update it when theirs nothimg wrong with it ive had to install facebook messenger so i can read and send private mail its rather annoyin i hav enough apps on my phone without having this one aswell it used to give you the option on wheather ud like to install it now you dont have a choice wish you would remove it its rather annying and alot of people dont know how to install or work apps like my mum
Looping fixed but it takes up too much memory over 100mb and now its required to download messenger to get your messages.
It stops working at some times and I found it pretty strange.....please get it improved.
Fix the bug , images not loading
Bezt
I Love it my best service thanks
Doesn't play videos on my xperia.. Grr
Love it
Kheli bad kar mikone
Save
very simple
Lovely.....
Good
Hassan zwki
The update class love it but it wont let me download it i have been on facebook for 4 years now it was about time they get an update please fix and let me download it please and rate it 5 stars PLEASE FIX !!!!
Total
Try it
It would be OK it it would actually work the first time I go to the app. It always gives me not responding close or wait window.
Nice
Loved itt!
Messenger app should just be an option
Ever since i updated facebook all it does is force close please fix this and ill change it to 5 stars
Goooooood
Is there a way to uninstall the most recent update, without deleting the app? After uninstalling and downloading multiple times, I am unable to open the facebook app at all. It is stuck on "setting up Facebook" and does not load past that screen.  Please help fix this!
maria fe garrote
Nice
Why are you forcing people to install messenger.?
Stopped working after 2 days
aida
Baroda send brokars
Unable to edit posts,like you are on regular Facebook mobile.
good
Its good 4 knowledge. ..
Good
I did this up date and now it says setting up Facebook. Then it just goes to a very screen. Fix this crappy update
Necesary
Excellent
Every new update makes it more difficult to browse fb and locate things. If I click a link that opens the browser, when I return to fb it takes me to the top, so I have to scroll down every time to the post I was seeing last. There are features that could have improved the app without altering it so much. Every time we get to understand the app you go and change it, unnecessarily. I, as much,  don't see the need to move messages to a separate app that will  compromise privacy and memory space. Like last ver
Slow when scrolling thru news feed. Scroll stops and app crashes constantly!
Lag and page cannot be liked are one of the few irritating features of this app..
I love it
Can't do anything on fb on my phone Cruz it freezes right away and closes on its own. Its garbage if ya ask me
Whenever I pass a video on my feed it somehow locks the app and I have to uninstall the app in order to get it working again... really frustrating
It seems that every single update has glitches in it, please stop messing up the app it works perfectly good the way it is now.
V
Loved it
Dowenlod it
Whenever i'll open fb app dat tym my fb app automatically crash nd closed also .. trying to restart app den same prblm is giving .. plz retifiacte it
Can't do without it!
Let me be concise since I am not allowed enough characters to elaborate: the update does not function properly, now the older version will not operate properly. If I am not able to use the functions given on Facebook then don't update or have functions on Facebook. Fb app is becoming a tedious app.
Aadil bhai like it
Video Player keeps crashing. Please fix!!!
When installed it says that they can use your microphone and camera to record pictures or videos without your consent.   Don't believe me?  Look at the app info it clearly states it
The messenger service runs my phones (plural) battery and performance, yet the facebook app itself kills my data usage while running in the background.
I like to pick my nose!
Crashes alot and makes my phone lag
Fb sucks now that u need the messager app
Its ok
The app became soo bad after update. It crashes alot. Please solve this problem.
Love it
Ansari
Nice
Updated.  Now sits on "setting up Facebook".  From reviewing other posts, this seems to be a common problem.  It worked just fine before the update.  After the update is when all the trouble started.  Uninstalled, rebooted tablet, reinstalled, rebooted tablet after reinstall.  Problem persists.  Using Dell Venue 83830. Android version 4.4.2.  Please fix your broken app.
Updated my xperia E1 and Facebook was deleted. Tried to re install several times but it will not work!! Please help!!!!!
Nice but lill prob.
Worst app of fb, guys join google+ its an amazing social networking website
Its okay
Why i can't update my facebook
This app can read ur call log, use ur camera, and many other things with out permission no thank you deleting
Slow to load
Please fix this problems... It's very annoying!!
Keeps freezing on my s5
Whenever clicking on any Video the app crashes....what a shame ...developers cant do anything as the problem since very long....updated the app twice still no solution...please help it very annoying!!!
Keep closing!!!
Tidak dapat di muat turun akibat ralat
Turn the spying cameras off
Thanks
goood
Yu guys are the best
Well I try to use this but every 10 to 30 minutes it crashes and I have to restart whatever I was doing
Good app
Worst Facebook app ever
Sangat baik
B.X.N.Y.
Hi Facebook team,   when I try to play videos in android 4.4.2 then I am getting cannot play videos error in Facebook app..please help solve this error
Superb experience to share our feelings and our photos and public awareness
Love the app just furious that it doesn't give us the option of downloading the messenger app we all dnt have the space or dnt want the app
Thanks :)
It uses ur camera (both front and back camera) to look through at u it looks at ut pics ! And wean see everyrhi g u look at o  ur phone!!!! EVERYTHING...LOOK IT UP ON LINE
Facebook
Theres Always an error Playing The Videos!
It occupies 104 MB of my internal storage Whyy????
B/c in can access my camera and microphone with out my knowledge and use them with out my permission!  F that!!
Very good
Check out my clans page xDILLIGAFx on COD ghost. Where always looking for new clan members. Hit me up at Amamilinda on Xbox live or Xbox one
The service for upload videos is crash and stay forever in this step and never conclude the uploading.
Love
Ilove it
Very good way to contact with family members
Great
Cool
Awsome
good
Didn't sign up til bout 2-3 months ago, caint believe i missed out all this time! Hahaha
MURAD KHAN
Superb apps ever.....
I don't have complete control of my privacy
I would have given 5 stars but after the update i dont know why every video i play stops playing saying due to an error . It would be a great effort if this could be fixed!!
Ok
Thumbs up
JP GOHIL
Saima Haq
Why the hell would you force me to install Messenger...???  Why...??? Won't let me open the messages and keep promoting to get messenger. Hell with you...
Privacy issues..can access anything on ur phone including front camera, record audio, etc
easy and nice but it not easly downloaded
It's ok
Its working alot better these days
Kindly merge the messenger there's no logic having two apps.
Nice..
Great
Cool
Crashing and slow this needs to be sorted ASAP
I's aight
Aku pown belum tentu boleh macam ni
Awesome
But very heavy please make it lite.
I rated three stars... because I can't block the voice calls.
V
New update only plays 15 to 20 seconds of a video the it says : unknown error. Never had this problem before.
When i open this application then my phone frozen. Why? Need more memory?
All posts look weird
Reinstalled after a couple of years gap, much better on SG3/KitKat 4.4. Shame they just separated the messaging function. Dropped a star because of this.
Good for me
Lai bhari...
Lite
But my storage is full :(
Face is the index of mind
Good
Great apps for fb....really awesome
Why can't I scroll down to see my newse feed.. I'm only able to see the first three before the app closes. I've checked my setting and even uninstalled it..nothing. Let's get it together...
varshitha sri
Sonmonidas
love it
Provide quick access to acount
Its cool apps
Fine
Will not play videos Fb will not upgrade 3g I feel we are being forced to buy these expensive phones just to upgrade
Good
My video's won't play
I love it
Taking away the ability to message from the app and then using the messenger app to do secret actions makes me not trust Facebook as much anymore. Facebook is taking too many liberties with our info for the use of their "free" service. I'd rather not know what's going on with friends and family if I have to give up that much. Inform yourself not just about what Facebook is doing but anyone who has access to your personal info. They're doing more than just what's needed to offer the service.
LOVED IT
55555
Good
great One
The video's on my timeline won't play.

Its owsm
I dont no
I like it
Force closes every 3 minutes or soo please Fix it it was better before the update..it crashes and gets buggy !
If you are searching for yours old friends facebook certainly will help you out in finding where abouts of your friends. You should only remember the name of your friend rest leave it to facebook. I found my friends after 35 years with the help of facebook. :-) :-)
Facebook keeps stopping and throwing me out. Seriously aggravating
Since the last update ive not been able to watch a full video it keeps freezen and comin up that Facebook is it not respondin get it sorted god sake sick of it seriously grr aint happy about this x
suprrrb app
Can't Unblock people
Wtf.     !!   I cant access messages without fb messenger
Protest against Israel , Please Stop Using Facebook
Wonderful application
Smart
Good
Its become need now a days
Is pretty nifty
I hate the way you people view everyone's personal information.
Great
Lovely app
So so
Bringing up all sorts of different programs..some on top of other.scrambling info.tagging! Unsolicited & forced stops.
Facebook app won't stay on keeps kicking me out numerous times today!!! Grrrr!!!
Sow a some
Why the f**k this app does not responding ? And why messages have to be separate from the app?! This isn't make sense...
Great way to keep in touch with familia
Just ridiculous
One of the best app I ever come across
5 ¡ï¡ï¡ï¡ï¡ï
I love you
Good app work easy
Its going to stop time to time to time probably several time & need upgrade monthly but why i don't no.
Awesome
Its good
Whenever I open a video it gives me an unknown note please try to solve this problem everything else is perfect
Love facebook
Video crashes all the time since update :(
Its cool
Champ
Takes a long time to load, my emojis use to show up just as they are on my keyboard (like 3d effect) . now they are 2 demintional. Please fix
slowly
Im Durga
The app states it reads all texts on your phone no matter the context without your permission.  It can send and receive messages/texts on your phone without your permission or knowledge and not deliver texts to your phone that comes to you. Has control over your phones sleep ability, camera, voice recorder at any and all times without your permission.  I have gone through my apps, NO all apps do not have or ask for these permissions. Please read throughly, this is the only company pulling this crap!
Good
Worse
Its lovely app
Way to go Facebook. ... uninstall
Good 1
md
Lots of crashes and freezes now since last update. Aug 24, 2014
Excellent
Airtl
Started force closing
Allow to accept friend requests and still to get more functionality...
Download immediately
Wow very good..
So idk what happened or is happening but Facebook has been getting slower and slower to the point it takes 10 minutes to load 4 stories on my time line... I have a galaxy s5 and almost always have 4G or full WiFi bars and IT STILL acts like I'm on dialup... I barely used Facebook before but this makes me want to not have it anymore... pay attention Facebook people because you have upset most of you clients with this.... not just me. ..

Awesome
Best sosmed 
Is cool hope to see more guys
Awesome
nice app.
Shity
A little bit slow . Otherwise bindas
Gazabbbbb  hai  yarrrr))))))))))/'''''?
good,,,,,,ap
Why is it, everytime when i update the facebook the next moment i can't open it..... it goes setting up then blank to my main page....
I love you facebook <3
Awesome
Since the update,  it crashes every time I open it. I can't even use it anymore! Fix asap, or it's being deleted.
:-)
Why move messages?
Only a 3 because o have so many problems. So I uninstalled and now I have reinstalled hope it works. I am aggravated
I'm confused on what is this all about. There is no instruction or directions on what you are suppose to do
The app shuts down alot and I send reports but nothing is done about it
Good
And because perfection is never reached, this is five stars!
When ever I try to look for a friend the app will kick me off and then something comes up and says Facebook has unfortunately stopped. Please fix it and I will change my reveiw

Its easy to use.
Kumaha sia!!
chat with your friend
Very nice
HV too
touru
That's is lifestyle
I like
I miss you
Not comfortable in s5
Lovely book
Faaltu
App never is finished updating and is buggy when on the rare occasions you can get it to open. Craptastic is the word that best describes the updates.
Great
Facebook
Moving messages to another app is an awful idea
I sandbox this on my rooted phone and all features still work, so what's the permissions for, eh?
hate it
Nice app
Best in anny aap
Ok
D
This is probably the worst app across the social networking platform. Uses the maximum amount of RAM, takes a lot of time to load even on WiFi, and there is no inbuilt messenger. End result: uninstalled.
Won't play any videos on my HTC m8. Tried sending an error reporting but got no answer so a bad review it is
Nice
Cannot login due to connection being  through untrusted site. Certificate unverifiable.
Mmm
Meloo rahak na h
Very nice. But it load slow so plz faster movement..
Update freezes speed and closes  app
everithings....ok
Qq
Can't do anything. Just force closes. runs very show when it does work. News feeds are sporadic. If you try to look at something, can never click on intended feed. App has gone down hill fast.
Y'all getting on my nerves fr
i can't use it , force stop all the time
Mrs
Everything was good and now notifications either don't show or I can't see the comments. Fix it please.
Thanks for making a good thing terrible.  Now it locks up shuts down, freezes and is worthless.  Thank you thank you thank you for not listening to everyone who said please don't.
Always is askig to sync my contacts on fb to my cellphone and this is apprearing All the time, it is annoying
Keep in touch
I'm uninstalling this app because of the new privacy changes.
Horrible su barra de notificaci¨®n,  estorba y no se como desactivarla. Volvieron a quitar el men¨² de arriba al irte a m¨¢s recientes, ya te tienes que volver a regresar todo para poder irte a ver las nuevas publicaciones.
New update forces you to install messenger if you want to use app to access messages. After you do this, it still doesn't work. Photos don't load properly and the app forces closes itself due to bugs. Don't bother.
Nope nope don't like it
For some reason my app won't let me post my photos from my galley onto Facebook, it use to and now all of a sudden it won't I tried turning off my tablet and turning it back on but still don't work, if someone can help me or know what's going please help
Super but slower I don't know y..may be its slower on my mobile just...by the way..its okay
It makes no sense to move messaging like if it's another app I have very little storage I don't have space to be downloading two apps for when it's actually for one app. Please change it back to the way it was.
Gud
Great updates
Nothing in order. Posts days late. When I say I don't want to see something it comes back. But stuff I want to keep disappears. It's annoying and the only reason I for not deleting is so much out of town family to follow. Other than that.....I hate Facebook.
1 star because i cant chat from the app
Nice
Timeline Settings
Happy
Good
U eill likr it really
It drains more charge of battery improve it
Keeps freezing.
Nice fb   i lov fb
Design improvment needed
It's hella dumb that u cannot access the messenger through this app,  U HAVE TO DOWNLOAD FB MESSENGER AS WELL and I don't need all those apps crowding my data using all my battery and moving slow on my arm,  thanks but no thanks
When I got the update the app wouldn't load. Tried reinstalling and it still won't open. I'm deleting this app. Just as easy to go on the web.
Ok
Its been really laggy for me. When I try to comment on something it slows everything down. This only happens with Facebook. Seriously fix this.

Very good.
Taking time to connect
Why do we have to get the app just to text ppl on facebook like you know u could of just included it in the app
Love it
Awesome
Don't like the fact you have to download another app just to check your messages
Supar
Keep messing up and uninstalling all the time
Great app!!!
Ok
it keeps on saying "setting up Facebook" . I already tried to reboot, and still the same.
Specially parents
The app shuts down and requires a force close. Now it somehow uninstalled from my mobile device. Fix it! !!!!!!
Stupid auto-refresh will scroll the feed back to top WHILE I'm browsing it. Also, when using other apps and coming back to FB, it does not remember the last view. And photos stop loading after a while..
My phone will not let me upload any thing omg it is annoying me!!!!
Good
I love this app... It's my favorite also.. It's easy to use fb
Perfect and also bad
Nice app
Very good
I drive 18 Wheelers
Afghanistan
Good aap
Love is life
I don't know how this app works..I always do installing uninstalling.
Slow
Very fun to have this app
Good&bad we can get
good
Me
Needs updating,  unresponsive ever since that last update! Sort it out!!
After last update always stack after three mins and force close!
Widgets don't load for me. I see no notifications from app. Samsung galaxy S
Gooood
Videos freeze all the time I can't even watch a video without it freezing or saying there is an error
Why is the app force closing every time I play a video?????  Please fix this!!
I use to love this app until I found out that Facebook could nose so much in my privacy. I uninstalled the app after that. It can take over any feature on my phone without me even knowing it. Including my recording me without me knowing it. Or going threw my messages my contacts and even my phones calender. Sorry but I dont think so. I like my privacy. Im thinking about removing my Facebook account all together because of this. Go back to the old fashion way of writing letters to people.
Nice one
Poor
No problem
Its very nice
Comments pix not showing very bad update
Let me upload HD videos and it will be a 5 star review.
Nice
5 STARS
HANIF
Mantap
It gets worse with every update. How is it possible to keep getting it so wrong every time? Aside from the "top stories" debacle, and the design being ill-thought-out as if Stevie Wonder had something to do with it, now it regularly locks up, leaving me unable to scroll down or indeed do anything. Utterly hopeless. Can you give minus ratings? Surely a company the size of Facebook tests these things out first? Terrible. Just terrible.
Made it so you can send/receive messages on this ap. DELETED
ok
zero functionality.
My Videos don't Play Or Others people videos I'll Watch Like 10 Seconds To 30 Seconds Then It Says An unknown Error Has Occured
Continuously causes my phone to restart when i get a Facebook notification.
This version stops unexpectedly constantly. Cant stay on here at all
It's doing what it's supposed to do
No faster than using the net and too many glitches
Love it
Nice
It doesnt notify me about chat messages,likes and comment
Pakistan
23456.
Cool,but videos play whenever they want, sometimes they do ,sometimes they dont!!!
wari
Good
Why remove the ability to message? Just another app to download.  Was just fine before!
Convenient app...
Nice app for my karbon S5. It is so fast and smooth thats awesome
G¨°od
awesome
We need a HD video playback option like iOS has, my phone has a 1080p screen and video look so squary its pointless watching them. Oh and also bring back a choice between most recent and top stories, which you won't because you want money from adverts.
FIX THE VIDEO BUG !!!!!!!!!   I CAN'T WATCH A SINGLE VIDEO WITHOUT CRASHING MY PHONE
I'm signed in but it will only let me update my status I can't look or do anything else.
Always shutting down can't upload half the time
Convenient
As described. Stuck on "setting up Facebook" status. Does not load. Don't bother installing. I will not use this app until fixed.
love  my friend is fb
Owesome it
hkl
When I open the video automatically excluded.. Please help!!!
Since it updated I can't play any videos! Sort it out!
Awesome
Like
B
it keeps freezing and kicking me out of fb.
I'm like Facebook
The best because feeling happy in Facebook
Nice
Last update I did now cant watch videos on it can look at pictures this app update is awful
Awesome apps
Mindblowing
Better social networking app.
Freezes will not scroll gets worse and worse with each update.
12345
I don't like how you have to download messenger just to talk to your friends especially considering a lot of my friends are getting hacked through messenger. Fix it back to the other way. It was way better.
WHEN ARE YOU GOING TO FIX THE ISSUES WITH WATCHING VIDEOS!!!!!!!!???? I'm GETTING SO IRRITATED WITH HAVING TO WATCH ANY VIDEO AT LEAST 4-5 TIMES JUST TO SEE THE WHOLE THING BECAUSE I CONSTANTLY GET AN ERROR MESSAGE SAYING "SORRY THIS VIDEO CANNOT BE PLAYED. SO PATHETIC.
Its just taking too lomg for updating..... It must be every 3-4 days..... Thats all ....
Cool yrr very helpfull
Takes to much memory
Loved it so much
Good
So i can't message my friends unless i download the messenger app? I don't want to download the messenger app, why can't i just do it the old way?
The font size is still very small on my device and there is no way to adjust it,  fix it ya wlad elwes5a -_-
Uninstalling.
Update messed it up. Wouldn't work so I uninstalled it and tried to reinstall. Will only load to 93% and won't finish. Please fix.
good app.. but updated  app getting slow.. on LG.
I can see how you would think this is convenient. But apparently nobody thought about the data usage. Within last 7 days, my FB app had used 1.5 GBs. Thankfully 1GB used wifi. But whenever you don't have wifi, this feature uses mobile data to download the videos, even if you're just scrolling through the news feed.  So if you have dangerously come close to exceeding your mobile data limit or have exceeded data limit, then thank Facebook.
It was working for me fine. But I would love to have the links from posts to be open within the app.
After doing the latest update it keeps freezing then will close out. A lot of the time I have to reset my phone. I would rate a 5 but at this point I can not due to the issues at hand. Please fix.
Such a resourceful way to stay connected to your family, your neighborhood & your community!
Cool app u should install
Add the ability to save full resolution pictures
Now it drains more battery!!
all
If your going to remove messenger,  try removing notifications for messenger from this app.   I already have a messenger app and will not install Facebook messenger.    Also, need a way to turn messages off completely
Simply Magic
Can't even message somebody 
I've never had issues. Now it I have to force stop and it's not working. What did you all do with this last update? ??
On the newest version of android on my Samsung galaxy s5, the only major (and very annoying) bug is that when choosing pictures from your album to upload, pressing and holding the thumbnail is supposed to display the picture larger for you. 99% of the time this doesn't work, and it crashes the app. PLEASE fix this with the next update!  It's been messed up for a while now.
Still slow down loading or updating
Ok, so, I originally gave a bad review, then things got fixed and I gave a better review. Well, now, I am going back to a bad review....I really despise having to download the messenger app.....wth is the point? I was using it just fine when it was part of the facebook app. Now your two apps are taking up even more of the limited space I have on my phone....I HAD to spend money to get the messenger app in the way of having to spend 20 bucks on another memory card.....VERY, VERY, VERY UNHAPPY.
I love you
It
Why do you need access to all of my information? You shouldn't need any permission! A lot of people are leaving Facebook due to privacy issues.
when i update in new version .. always says me .. yur facebook unsupported nd stopped... wht the reason ???
My fb is so messed up my notifications have got all my friends activity in there I carnt switch notications off because theres no settings to do this the more options box on my friends pages have gone to please fix this its driving me crazy ....
The app sucks since updating. All it does is shuts down. Not able to even look at FB
very good app I can write things to my freinds I can put my photos and vidios
Bad
Video could not be played I have Sony Xperia z1 compact  Appreciate solving this problem
Facbook is a druh
Facebook
Good
Boooooooooo Facebook, really creepy trying to make us download another app just for messaging...no thanks.
Foce Closes and times out ALL the time.
Very very nice
I love facebook but I cant say how strongly I disagree with the messenger app. The terms of policy are outrageous. Invading everyones privacy is ridiculous. Change this and ill love facebook again. At least change it so we dont need to use that insane messenger app.
Sense i got my new phone and installed da app it barely loads stroll dwn slow and forces close i jus dnt understand um uninstalling is any one else havin diz problem
dix
Mohamed
I can't waych videos
Rukiya abdallah
facebook
Why? Your app is always forcing to stop. I dont know why? How can i solve this kind of problem!!
Wonderful app for communication, but i don't use it. Because i can use it in my browser faster
Ramamoorthy
For some reason I now can not install the facebook app it just keeps saying error code -24...any ideas on how to fix???
I just can't get the Right profile my facebook page something it's not Right...
Good
Disliked it
Javid
Still setting up ... Sucks.
It loads slow
I can't tag any of my fsmily members!! So frustrating!!!
Facebook is a nic aap
I really dont like the latest update the app has kicked me off multiple times for no reason. Still doing it fix the glitches
I like FB
Good
Every time i try to update it gives me a error message
Awsome
Really like it
Every time I try to use the facebook app after the last update it's constantly force closing. I've uninstalled and reinstalled the app twice now and still it crashes. Not that by doing that ever helped in the past. I know I have a bit of an outdated phone but that shouldn't be the problem since judging by the comments that even newer phones have the same problem. The facebook app is the only way I can even contact anyone on facebook and now I can barely do that. Can I get a resolution please?
Cant download it.
For some reason when app updates. Still see posts from 3days ago right at the top of my page
Nice
Good
This app has become too cumbersome. You have taken a well functioning app and ruined it. It takes ages to load as the pictures are so big. Also I no longer get the recent posts first and there is no facility to change it. Please fix!!
Mast
Awsome but geastures notifications not working
It is basically unusable now.
Nice
Omgosh luv iht
The best app
No work
I am so happy starting i have fb....i love you fb management
...
k.
App keeps crashing
Facebook
Keeps freezing. Facebook and it's apps are getting to be a big hassle and if it keeps up I'll delete app and access via Web.
It is very good to use
Problem Give the update version soon....
It a great way to keep in touch with out of town friends and relatives
Just begin to think about uninstalling this app.
Since new updates facebook freezes or stops when playing videos very annoying .
My news feed hasn't loaded in over two weeks. I have tried on multiple devices. I have uninstalled the program 3 times to no avail. I have tried to notify facebook 5 times. They do not respond. I feel as if they don't care at all. I primarily use my cell phone (LG G2.) Very disappointed!!!
It s nice
Mr.
Fb is fantastic
Love
Fb is as gay as a cum stain
I updated my e1 and won't let me install says incompatible update
I like it
N
Despite all notification settings being set on no sound is received, # have tried various tones . Led and vibrate don't work either any ideas?
I'd rather deactivate my facebook and live in a cave than being watched by the BIG BROTHER! Some of the app's permissions are not even necessary and it's like they want us to use facebook so they can spy! And the worse part,this is crap! Takes ages to load data and it doesn't matter what kind of an internet option you have,it will always take forever! Deserves no stars at all!
Nxa
It occupies very large amount in my phone that causes super loading or lag. Is there a possibility of uninstalling updates?
I realy don' t like facebook when i updated to chat with someone you must have messenger !
Its owsome
No privacy
Plz never update its becoming toooo too tooo too boring
Super........
App of everyone's choice
Hshajh
Easy to follow, everything is well explained. Enjoyable,good communication with the rest of the world.
Like really I thought when I updated it was gone be good but no ever since I updated my facebook I can't watch no videos or even the ones I uploaded needs to be fixed next update
You can't delete comments, and you can't edit notes. Guess this is the best fb app out there, but you need to fix up...
i like
The mobile site is better this piece or garbage doesn't even have messaging! I'm not gana have 2 apps for one social media app, that is down right over kill.
What updates? Fb apps automatically uninstalled and now i cant even install it. Keep showing error i stalling "-110".
it's not working
Love it
When ever I send friend request to a person even having mutual friends.  App says its abusive and log out.
It don't wanna work on the videos ugh 
Keeps forcing itself closed every couple minutes. Pretty disappointed.
I have a Sony experia phone has done an automatic update and has now deleted Facebook, any one can advise me to get the app back would be greatful, I have still got messenger,
I am
I love facebook
bindas
Goood
Facebook would be a pretty good mobile app if they would just leave it alone long enough for people to get used to it.  Actually, that holds true for the computer program as well. What was through yesterday as to how it works, is not necessarily true today. It changes midstream and that makes it very confusing . If stability is what you want, Facebook is not for you.
Good....
Super
With the new up date I can't read messages or send them! Even with wifi. What a great update! Great job people!
Oooo
Design
facebook
Nice
Won't up load video's have to uninstall to get it to work again
Love it
" Whats on your mind"
Cool
Quite a different look and feel from PC application. Worked well though until i was forced to install facebook messenger. Experience dropped to zero. Messenger stayed on my phone a few days only - real crap. Without messaging working the facebook app is pointless. Uninstalling.
I cant make a user and it worked before update
touching to friends
It used for connect friends
Awesome
prince
Good
I love Facebook i can't get off any minute
I can scroll down 2 status' if im lucky before it freezes. Imo and most other peoples opinion, the default setting should be most recent, not top stories. Get it sorted!
It hlps me to connet  to   my  frnds  who  are  out  of  india
Awesome
Video uploader doesn't working please solve this problem
Vary good
It save my photos.
Never finish "Setting Up Facebook" , take to much RAM.
Duhh
It's extremely annoying to try to go through your news feed when it auto loads new statuses & throws you back at the top over & over again
Very live application
Marilove
Nice app to contact friends
Wow
Good
Always not responding idk if my device or the fb has a problem
The last 2 new update was not loading pictures and videos in news feed and the search is also not give any responce please fix or I will uninstall
Finding different app forcing people to use a spy messenger app, nope not me
Five stairs
Latina
I fuckin love it
Like
I like it Facebook
Nice apps
First off. Be that you have to download a messanger app now. And now it won't play videos or recent feed.
we want more security on fb  in any Android or smart phone such as computer. please new version with more security option
Idk yet havent downloaded yet
I hate this new face book looked a swear, can I get back my old one. It take a long time to load etc.
I'm an addict. ....
Well I recommend this app coz it's lighter than the previous apps
Love it
Amazn app
Hey did facebook update? Bakit sa phone ko bawal i update new version ng facebook?
Not satisfied
Messenger is part of Facebook, I don't need 2 apps helping the NSA.
The old app was much better. Really frustrating that it doesn't play videos!!
From the last time fb was updated on my samsung tab, it keeps on crashing. I wish you people could solve this problem.
Nice new f b
Wow nice
Facebook
too bad, everytime I try to reinstall it, it always says "insufficient space" when I have a enough space to install it. It eats a lot of MB ! and it's too slow. Fix it.
very bad
Excellent
sen jing ping
Ui is worst ever, n after updating to newer version some photos dosent loads at all !
I like Facebook reason you know
Bijoik
Seriously moving messenger to an exclusive app is dumb, and for some reason fb keeps freezing after the last update on my S4.
My app keep stalling ...fix this or im uninstalling
loved
Doesn't work properly on nexus 5

o.k
Love it
Lovely
Sometimes when I press on a video to watch, it tells me an unknown problem occured while playing the video. Please fix for 5 stars.
Without warning. . Gives no option to report it..
It wont let me play any videos this is just crap
Taking to much time for setting up and after that just a movment
Why is it when I go to tag someone in something, it brings up names of people I don't even have on my friends list??
Sreypy sreypy
Male
They can get into anything... so be careful.
Very good good (Y)
Sick of the freezing and "not responding". Uninstalling on all of my devices.
VERY NICE
Facebook
Awsome
Ohhhhhh
I have no words to explain
Knape knew download messenger
Good
I loved it
Nce not bad
Good
Nice function I like that
Its one of the best part of my life
Its not bad
Nice
Good
Read sms?  Prevent phone from sleeping?  Why do they need all these permissions?  App removed.  Too intrusive.
But slow and gets my phone to lag
This is great I like it....
Very good
Excellent!
Since getting this update nothing I'm tagged in appears on my page only the people who've tagged me's page.... This is really frustrating please fix.
after update always force quite... wtf
Its a great app..
I love fb

Too slow
I can't even watch videos
Umar
Probably Android fault? But updated phone, Fb vanished and now won't re-install! Unimpressed, fix please :(  Alternatively, add this to the 'messenger' fiasco and I may just finally dump Facebook
I hate update.
I don't care I just want to install it!
Its loving app
Nice app
We cannot expect perfection at a go. This is why there is room for updates to effect improvement. However consider inputs of users to ensure better performance.
Hfgn

I am enable to update and dwnld app frm updated version of google play store... Plz give sm suggestion
No messenger
Good
Good
Face looks like a book. Lol
Superb app. Its very easy to use.
it is ok
I like it
Won't let me download facebook
I already updated to this but i cannot use the new Facebook I still use is the old version whats going on
Good
Apps
Nice

I can't play videos, half way through  it tells me "sorry an unknown error has occurred "
Matt
facebook
Pls help.. my facebook keeps closing/shutting down.. help. Im using galaxy s2
Latest update is very worst. Unable to play video. Whatever the video is always getting "sorry unable to play the video". In PC the same video is plays well.
Too much memory.
I like this app
Every time I try to upload a video, the app freezes. I always have to report problems. I've uninstalled the app several times because when I try to upload a video the app won't open at all
after update the data more bigger and bigger....
It updates to much
Supra
Superb@buddies
of friends
It doesn't show photos in news feed and timeline just loading
Social connect in many ways.
I like it alo
DON'T USE, DON'T NEED AND CAN'T UNINSTALL
Pensou em bordados, Vem para Vit¨®ria Vemv Bordados, aqui voc¨º encontra tudo que precisa.
Why I can't install this?
No
In gionee s5.5 it always give message network not available. Eherecas 3g network is available, WiFi also there. But this app does not work properly
It is slow most of the time.
Awesome
Good
Ever since the update my phone keeps freezing.
Excellent
Happy with Facebook. Just not Happy with the messaging setup they have now.
Photo uploads and status updates don't have gps locations automatically attached to them anymore.
Very beautiful app
Good job And super
Always close unexpectedly.Its not fun to play facebook anymore.
Gzim
I love this
Face book
Nice!  =]
Facebook
Awsm...:-)
Awful
No new changed only update so dont Waste ur MB
Now I can't even use facebook app cause it literally doesn't load in Fonepad 7. The same thing goes with the Messenger. It just crashes and crashes. Do something about this.
Howie
Good
It keeps asking me to download the messenger. Or else i cannot view my messages. I don't want to. Isn't it my wish.
For messaging it request for facebook messenger
It's ok not very good
So cool site
Repeated hanging
Awesome,very helpful
Yup! All the time crashing with my Xperia Z. Fix that!
This Is an social networking site dot mis use
its shows past post more frequently than  new posts...but still a great app.
K
Semoga semuanya dlm lindungan tuhan
Pandey
§³§ä§Ñ§â§Ñ§ä§Ñ §Ó§Ö§â§ã§Ú§ñ §Ò§Ö§ê§Ö §Þ§ß§à§Ô§à §á§à §ç§å§Ò§Ñ§Ó§Ñ !!!
Aiseeeeee nishdaaa
For an older version
You reading a post suddenly back to start and you cannot find what you are reading before.
Constant errors and slow loading pictures and videos. Turn off notifications for a post does not work!
guy its fun being on face book
Nice
how are you
Biggest invasion of privacy ever and I can't believe people aren't making a bigger deal out of this.  If I could rate zero, I would. The app permissions are beyond invasive.
Reduce app size less than u can
A great app ...,,
Just loved it
I don't know what you guys want. Why the hell did you guys move the messaging to another app its useless now you retards.
Why not just do away with the top stories feed and just have a most recent feed, like Twitter. Keep it simple, stupid.
Everytime it plays for few seconds and pops up message sorry can not play video. I mean every single time on xperia z2 fix it please and kindly.
Can't play videos now. Please fix it. Any day now would be nice!
Petty good apps
good version
I love it
I can only scroll down 3or4 status before it freeze or force close...fix it now

OK!!!!
very nice app
Facebook addict!!
its  standards  getting  low ...very low
feel
Merah2.. Jgn Marah..
Not bad ...little bit problem but all over its gud
I don't want to use the messenger and it seems as though you guys are trying to force it onto me.. take this away and give people a choice to download it or not.. this is not a good way to get your download(s) count up at all..
Good app every guy should it
cool
Please fixe the issue of playing video!! Always stop!
I dont like the last update its awful :(
Best
Its ....
Nice to connect with people
Like it
I don't know what happened with the last update. I will scroll for 2-3 seconds and the app will freeze and then force closes everytime. Hope that it'll be fixed. :)
Excellent. Deserves 5star rating......
Is k better
This makes a fast lane in FB
please fix ur video player... thanks!
It very very good
Its so good to connect my friends
Last update is crap, cannot play video unknown error on every fookin video I try t watch, Facebook you are getting worse n then on top of that you sell all our details too other companies, think I might create my own social media site where privacy is paramount!!!
Internal Browser
Can we make the videos posted to NOT auto pay?This IS the best fb app out there, unfortunately. Third party apps come very close, are 3 times lighter and have lots of customizations. Unfortunately one might miss one single  feature while the other missed a different one. Please work on these requests, thanks
This app seems to be good and runs great!
Greatest social Web
Zuleykamuzemil
if its not one thing its another. Before it was a problem with me trying to like ppls photos and all, now my messaging is running slow af and it keeps freezing smh. Im about to delete it and just use the internet. Im so done with it now.
Very nice app
Good
I didn't want to download the new version but unfortunately had to as I had a replacement phone. The app is rubbish they are suppose to get better not worse.  It keeps freezing then closing the app it hardly ever loads pictures even when I refresh and trying to upload something then tag is beyond a joke. I am not uninstalling this app and fb messenger absolutely ridiculous! !!!!
Coolllll
Improvement on themes r good
I gave up and just use the browser Facebook... atleast there I can message people
Updated the latest version on Sony experia and now none of the videos load can't even look at my own page with out it crashing, when trying to upload images it will Freeze even the smallest thing like trying to comment or like a status it won't respond. Sort this out this terrible would highly recommend not installing this app untill the problems are fixed
Ilove
Excellent app.
Excellent
I am in the middle of reading something and the news feed just scrolls to the top, this is extremely frustrating. Also the most recent is not the post recent post but actually the most recent comment.
This app has just become crap forcing to download messenger and even takes about 100 mb in my phone. First i liked it, but i think now it doesn't deserve even 1 star. Using facebook is not so fun now.
Cant search my location on status even my gps is turn on... Update fail...
only have to post pictures. your app blows!
Its to good
Tan
Vry good need little improvements
After the latest update the app doesn't launch...uninstalling it...for now...hope this issue is resolved soon
i nead facebook
It keeps lagging so slow when I type
When I opened my fb, it closes automatically saying that there's an error.. It happens everytime I tried to use it.. Pleaseeeee fix it!
Video was not playing. When i press any video the app was closing....pls fix it
Easy mode
It is the wonder full
Your news feed should sort by the most recent. Most the time the Status I see are days old,  then there will be one 2 minutes ago.
ur service z very best
Everything works and looks really good, but I sometimes experience errors when on mobile data.. but I guess that is my carriers fault :) One new Bug (I hope it's not a feature) whenever I quit the app and open it up again it does not resume from where I left off, rather it refreshes the page from the top and I have to scroll all the way down to where I was..
Awsome
Good One.nice job
Its getting confusing...the news feed is tricky now if u ask me...too many different areas..i also have to keep uninstalling it then reinstall it..app won't stay open
very easy to use
Exellent
I hateded it
Loading toooooooo terribleeeeeeeeeeeeee! why is this ver worse than the last one?
Good
the new update freezes up the phone during videos seems to use so much data that the data shuts down on the phone
Messages must be back to main app!
Jvala20152015
I updated my sony xperia e1 and it deleted the facebook app.i tried to reinstall the app but it shows "incompatible update". What to do now??
Nice app.Issue Fix..Thx Developers!!
Social face
Ata majhi satakli
Constantly crashing on galaxy s4
Very bad
Give many server problem plz fix it:(
Facebook overrided my update choice and auto updated,  now my phone locks up during video or just won't play them. Getting really tired of these crap updates. Thanks failbook.
:-)
Owesome
very nice future
Facebook Messenger and Facebook are spying on us. I Like the old Facebook when we could have our own privacy. Look at the access list when u install it. DON'T GET THE APP
Facebook
This is outstanding app i just love this app
t
Hate, Very very very very hated!
Need update version for tablet.. So far so good..
It's working and everything but it's looks dark and depressing , like it's an app from the 60th
Nice app...
App sets on"sittong up facebook"and neve finishes
Very fine
Good!!
..amazing buT slow
It always crashes everytime. Please fx it. And.ill give a.good rating.
Its gud app
Closing my account once I save my pictures. Facebook is to invasive now and has access to way to much of my private info. Will have my kids delete their accounts TOO. No reason for you to have so much access without out permission.
Love it
Why can't we just have ONE app for Facebook????
Some unknown error comes when ever i play shared videos..pls fix this bug. Android kitkat os.
No.
If you are going to be a bully you don't need to be on the Internet.
I would give it a 5 if I could get Yoworld to download on my Lg Volt by Boost mobile.
I love it..,,
F A C E B O O K
Excellent !
Qao
Once I click on videos just to know how long it left, the video pause. I really don't like it. The most hated problem is an error while playing by just saying " unexpected error occurred "
Its good but its taking too much of space
Badrul .
My account was hacked and nothing in help resolves the issues. There is no details to contact anyone at Facebook,  absolutely ridiculous someone else is using my account
I get only a gray screen when I try to open the app.
Ok
Great yr ,,
Cool app
I can't see videos or pics on my news feed on the app
Mast h yr...
Pls fix i can t open it
Friends
Gret
Good to see our social network.
Gud time pass app
this app contact are many friends'
It keeep closing out the app on my phone . you cant stay on for more the 20 seconds
I loved it
I like it
Ok
It's Awesome
Dam thing won't let me see pictures 75 percent of the time I am trying to use it.
I like it...

Facebook is fun but Instagram really Turned Up this year...TBH
new update made my facebook loading like a snail moving
Videos Won't play
Good
Good m good
I have not able install this app Any time error on 78'/.
Thanks so much... nice...
I loved it send me the facebook.
Why my facebook app always force close two days ago can you fix it.
Facebook
I Love my FB
Messaging should not be in a separate app stand alone
AweSome
Nice loved it
I hate when it updates without my permission
Awesome
Still a mess always stopping, slow, jerky!!
Good app
Really good app
Best App
It keeps on crashing and stopped
Facebook
Cumon y can't i instl it....
bura birsey yazanin atab atasina lenet
love it
Why still we can't copy or paste any Documents from the Application!! If you do so that will be Amazing. .
Fair
Good. ..
Excellent
Its moving messages to another app n im unable to see my messages until i install that app.
It is RAM killer. . hope you could fix this. . . so I could give you a 5 stars also your messenger it crashes on my phone. .
If you rated this app less than 5 stars, get a life outside of Facebook.
PLEASE stop forcing us face bookers to download messager because I will not. I do not have space on my phone for it,  and I like regular Facebook messenging. Some tablets can't install messenger BC its designed for phones also. GET IT TOGETHER.
Jay shree SWAMINARAYAN
Lol
Good
Smoke the weed smoke the seed
Very nice
Enough
Won't let me watch videos
Vishnu
On my galaxy note 3.
Aus
Only downfall is the messenger app. I dont like that it can do alot of things on your phone without your permission so I uninstalled and will never install that app again..
Like the new version
Its running veryyyy slow and says error when i try to view videos. Please fix asap!!
Me
The update made tne app freeze i cant go on without my phone freezing please fix
Facebook is not good
Very usefull
S very good
Great job. It's faster then ever. I am happy. Thank you so m....u...c...h.....!
Rugs
I don't want messenger!! I was forced to download it to see my messages!! Very annoying! Also messenger has a lot of access to personal information which I didn't consent to! Fix this! Thanks..
Hate the fact that I have to download messanger I dont want messanger the app sux so everytime I get a message I have to go home on a pc to check it because it slows down my phone alot
Awesome exp
Great app
Wow
Not responding... Errors... Lags... Crash... Force closed... Hangs... Slow... And Many More... I thought that updates makes apps better and faster... But this... is such a shameful social app... Disliked it
LG G2
Verygood
Why?
Azmi

Good
Nice
the app doesn't work on the Galaxy s4.  I have to uninstall and reinstall everythime I want the news feed to update.
Crap doesn't work at all
It'$ nice bt sm times it's slow down..... overall it is cool!
I used this app all the time. But when Facebook decided to force it's users to use a different app for the messenger feature, I uninstalled the complete Facebook app and use the mobile browser site instead.
Video is not working properly.
Selbafatima123
Nic 1
good
Not as much as expected...
Now i can open my facebook every where i want open
I cant even watch a video on this app properly! Says error3!!!
I get my first love from Facebook
Let me try this updated version...... i hope by this time i don't need to download the fb messenger¡­¡­¡­ that was only a mess¡­¡­
WTF.... Just loading and loading....
very very nice good application friends i like sir ji..theankyou very much sir.goodivning..everyone friends...
like
Gud
Trusha
=3
Apps
Panget naman hinDi akO makA dOwnLoaD
Minsan nag loloko at mabagal at pati din ang messenger
5 star to me u can do every thing that  u want about f.book app. Its quite nice.
The new update is great! The new look is also solid, and the video player is fast and beautiful!
A good and inovative way of making the world a global village.
Umm
The last 2 updates I haven't been able to watch any videos on fb! It's ridiculous. I'm commenting on statuses from weeks ago bc the newsfeed isn't updated even after I update. Inconvenient! Horrible app! If I could rate w/ 0 stars, I would!
Uninstalled this crap... they are spying of us.. like wow..
Why is it very slow like in twitter?
Thanks
Ahir
k
Good
So nice :)
Terbaik facebook...
Nice to touch with r frnds..
Nice
I am reading in news feed page then your app auto refresh and move control to the lastest post. I don't want this. please fix it for me.
First of all, its very irritating to download FB app. After that its  very much slow to search or to open any page or anything even in quad core phones. I started to ignore the app. Its good in PC only
It says unknown error occured
Gud

Okey
Me
Great app
Oswam
I've just updated my Sony Xperia E1 and my Facebook app vanished.. When I tried to reinstall it just says it's an incompatible update?? What's going on?! I'd like some feedback on this please!
Very usefull
Asif Abbasi
Its so fun i lke it
cool
Put copy and paste in it and don't move messages to another programme
when u look at ur notification sometimes it will stay on the same notification it wont let u see the new ones..other than that very awsome and easier
Nice
MY facebook hontee


New update is really bad, keeps on crashing, whenever I will post or check photos, it will automatically crashed..
Freezing, feels bloated with latest update
Nce innovative ideas are thr to make this app very best app as i hd ever seen luv this app very much
Easier than the web tho.
Frm irritating Top News to this new Video Auto play "feature", can see that Facebook is working very hard to piss off users. Mayb other social sites like Friendster should make a come back
Nice
saai
Great
Dinesh tomar
gr8
No speed
Ssuuuuuuuuuuuuper
Even I have more memory when I installed it says more space or insuffiency in memory Pls fix this.
Awesome
Just came back to Android after 2 years on iPhone.   This app is much faster and better than it was on any previous phone.  But it's frustrating that I can only @ tag friends in status updates; would like to be able to tag Page names too, like you can on the full website.  Also noticed the post privacy setting on this app doesn't include the "custom" setting to block posts from being seen by specific people.
needs so much more to become as good as the PC version .. where is the replay to comment feature ?
Jignesh Hirapara
Dider alam 99221308
Ever since I updated it, it started to show up stuffs like "Facebook has Stopped" every time, please fix it
Very nice
If it wasn't for uploading pics I wouldn't even have this app. No way too adjust what I see. No time order. I don't want to see something from last Thursday right after something from today. Needs work.
I like it
hang many times.. and slow.
Sukri
Why do I have to make updates every after a month this is not good
All the videos say an unexpected  error occurred for the G3
Awsum app.
Very fair
Old posts on newsfeed. Pls fix the news feed. The app is slow in speed and always hangs. Kindly optimized this app for different devices. I'm sure it will help a lot to the mobile users.
It takes up a REALLY BIG space on my phone. It just makes me sad because this is what I use to communicate with my classmates whenever we have projects or important performances. Pls. fix this and I'll give you 5stars.
Nice app
Laggy and worse app
Awesome app
Me and many others with Xperia Z1 are having issues when playing facebook videos! Please fix it.. Every video that I try to watch gets an error..
Ok
The most useful this application.
Can't access my events page. Each time I try Facebook force close.
Please read your app info on this application Facebook and Facebook messenger has total access to every bit of your phone! Your camera your contacts voice recorder it can and will take videos at anytime! It has total access to your phones features!! Please be advised that your privacy with this app is no longer private big brother has a huge part in this!!!!!
Since the last "update" Facebook randomly freezes. I cannot scroll my timeline. Force closing doesn't fix it either.  I just have to wait. What is the app doing where it freezes for that long and then all the sudden is fine. Did it on both my s4 and new s5 active. Oh and please bring back the option to allow me to default to most recent. Even the most recent button doesn't work sometimes.
Is fun and  this is the best app today
Options r limited, new version sucks. Keeps freezing my android
Very nice
Keep improving! Edit: force closes on 4.4.2 after the update.
but it is slow
Really bad move by fb, can't view inbox msg unless I download fb messenger!
So nice
Stupid Facebook....idiot
I love it
I like it
Love it
Nice app
Gud
butterfly cancers
SoeMinOo.Kpr
Enforcing us all to have to download an extra Messenger app just to be able message each other is ignorant and crazy. Messenger is dumb itself and it's also taking up more memory to have. Bring back the regular messaging
Exactly two times happened after each time it updates D:
Awsome
Facebook app is getting more friendly with users but works very slow in 2g full network need 3g or high speed wifi this makes me sad about facebook app
Awesome app
Nice
I need an update for my s3 as im not able to connect candycrush to fb!
This is great social site.....
Thanks
Nyc app
I love the new update
Pics not opening complained many Times hopeless
Good
I luv Facebook
Its wonderful for my phone great work
Messenger is a bunch of bulls*** and app will randomly decide to stop working to the point where I have to restart my phone and then itll work. This company has so much money you would think their app would be flawless....NOPE!
completely broken SGS3 4.4.4
Wow its so very cool
Great!
Very helpful, finding friends...
Good app
to
Greatest app ever
I had to uninstall FB because it took up too much space. Now that I'm trying to add it back (because the desktop version won't let me tag people in comments or posts), but it's saying that I have insufficient storage on my phone...I haven't added anything else since removing the app. Facebook is toooo big and takes up too much memory. It's beginning to not be fun anymore! TOO MUCH TROUBLE!
After the recent update I can't get the most recent feed to load. Tells me to tap to retry.
Awsme nd gud app. ...easy 2 use nd msgs can be sent in different parts of days  country
please make it fast this app.
This app is a piece of crap!! It never works I can't even use it and all the stuff it can now do on my phone! I'm done! I'm deleting the app and messenger app!! It needs to go back how it was!
Stop notification does not work.. Sucks waste of time!!!
Kirpa karke na use kare to badhiya hai
LIKE IT
Nice
Cant even send messages on this thing whats the point
Not gud always lags
Sloooooowwww! Frequently doesn't respond and force closes. Fix this crap!
I can play faster
I uninstalled it when they implemented the use of Messenger app. Bye! Switched to mobile browser version.
B
Nice
Same one
It got stucked after few time. Dafuk. Work to make it best
Awesome
Like it so much
What kind of data that you guys need that takes up to 100mb?Profile?Messages?It's already seperated from the application so throw that away.
udated on 5s
It ok or w.e
It sucks, as this app take so much space in my phone memory and cant be moved to sdcard, plz fix this and take five stars
There is an issue with the videos on Sony Xperias. I do not know if it happening to other devices but whenever I am playing a video it will get to about half way through and then freeze and not let me view the rest of the video. I have tried to refresh and rewatch the video but there is still no luck
Best app ever!! Better than twitter, you can follow a user or add as a friend.  Better than instagram you can download a photo, video, text or a link to the internet.  No need to crop a photo! You can voice call and video call for free, also messeging! Create photo albums,  events with friends, groups and check in on the map, you check in with friends, you can choose who can see your post or make it just for yoy as a memory, you can edit the date and time for a post and much more!The most social app ever!
Seems to be improving.

Ok
So
Tak dapat
But fixed the bugs...
I use the app to keep in touch with all of my Family. But when I open it it keeps freezing and won't do anything so I force stop and it works for a minute then freezes
Very good
it helps for your emergencies at school
Cho
Awesome
Singh
Since newest update the app keeps freezing, wont open pictures or scroll..
Why do we need extra app for messenger, is this so fb can now tap into our privat conversations? There is a reason theyre called PRIVATE MESSAGES
Good
Superb app for passing the time
Nh
Love it
nice app
i just like the old version.but this..its suck.
at 93 percnt no more install .kindly conform me what issue persist
Won't update without logging off and on. Constant problems
Updated
Sammy
Too Smart !
O.k.
Star
Good
It's ok
Nasru nachu
Mine wont install
Too complicated !!
Good
Neccesity
nice
Lovely
Constantly crashing on samsung galaxy tab 3...:(
Why need another app to access message?
Great if I could stay log in because I start and then it cut of saying that it don't reconance my account so please help
Great app
Fait gaf au piratage !!!!! :((((
More on Setting up FACEBOOK!!! 
MBUYISELO
Maganda
Ok
fufu
I like it a lot
Excellent
Nice
I love it.
Sambo
Plz fix dis problem n improve it.
Instantly Connect and Message and see Video's & Photo's from Family & Friends right from your Cell Phone. Has Smart Video's that are animated without Sound unless you Click on them, (a Preview, to help you decide you want to watch that clip). FaceBook is the Best thing that has happened to us on Computers and Cell Phone's. And it will only get better and improve
Like
Good
Own app this I love fb
Hapus messenger !
Good
World
It's Okay Just A Little Slow
Hae
Best
Lovee
skby
Facebook
need vedio call option
Nav
New version is just amazing.

nce app
Sweet
I love this app, but in the latest update they removed messenger and now you have to get another app to send messages.
Like

Nicee
Invades way to much into my privacy I will not nor ever down load this app on my phone. ...
I love facebook i realy like this apps
Rubbish
having trouble uploading photos from phone to facebook please fix
Tch on fnds......
Shocking! Keeps slowing the phone don't an draining the CPU.
Reviewbymaniamman
Love it!;)
Says it only needs 18 MB but it says that i have an insufficient amount of space on my phone when I have 60MB free!
Like
Md sumon khan
It keeps force closing. Please fix!
Great App!!!
Woohhhh mind blowing
I like the new one,new look,new designs...everything just bomb 
Jabarjast appppppppp
it is so good 4 mobile.
Excellent
Now FB does not run at all. Forced close after one item. New one has newsfeed days old wt no way to change setting. Total crap.
Hangs and lags a lot in my device ! I'm using Lenovo A516
I like
You dissapoint me, every time i'm upgraded your app..
Fix the force stop and I will give you back your stars. This is soo stupid, every 10 sec literally it is forcing stop....its not my phone... Thanks..
I have to reinstall it every day on my tablet . fix issues
Nyc app. I give it 5 star
I lv 2 connect with frdzzzzz.....
It is very disappointing that facebook app needs another app for the messages.


Downding
Great stuff!
facebook
Good
Swarts
When I try to play videos in the Facebook app, the video freezes but I can hear audio from the video. Please sort this issue.
Loved it
Woeful
Good
Nice
Whenever I m seeing my wall and if there is a notification while sseeing then it will stop working and then "Facebook Has Unfortunately Stopped Working" what to do with this appcrash please fix it. Its a big problem to me.
Not use Kitne faik I'd use karte Hai bad Facebook
I love this Ap its very useful to keep in touch with all my friends
Was working perfectly fine before now im getting unknow read error when trying to watch video on my experia sony e1 seems im not alone couples of people already report it fix it !
Well
Cant download facebook app.!
Bring back the messages!!!!!! }:-(
Shite
Takes too much space, trouble logging in, privacy invasive and shut downs everytime!!! What a stupid app!
The best app
Dora

I kept being forced closed over the past month so I decided to reinstall the app in hopes it will improve. If it doesn't improve, will just delete it. I can live without it.
Sooo good!
Great application
Love these games.
vekatadriderengula
Nise app
.
It keeps kicking me off n runs slow on droid max
Why do developers insist on making apps difficult?  Nothing in the news feed is chronological anymore and you can't choose it to be so. Why are videos being played in the feed?  All its doing is freezing my phone for about 2 minutes for the video to load and play and if it does load and I continue scrolling, I hit another video that freezes the phone yet again. Uninstalling Facebook app. Good luck with it...
Nice working
Awesome
Good
Nicee
I have a Sony Xperia and everytime I play a video it says CANNOT PLAY THIS VIDEO I'm getting really fed up with this and I hope it gets fixed as soon as possible!
This is very useful to connect with friends and love one
Does what it suppose to. I GUESS!

Good
I've always encountered crash video. Anyone encountered this problem? This facebook must repair immediately!
Since the update it keeps freezing & booting me off the app. Samsung S4
It is the best thing anyone cood have I'm only 11 don't gug me.
Good app
Is the a pshycological musical
Good stuff
I can't seem to watch posted videos they shut off, I don't like the new mandatory messenger, people's faces covering my screen is irritating and it's even more irritating having to drag and x the bubbles away.
Nice
Hms
awsmmm
I give 5 star if i can voice message i cant voice message,
Instal again..
Let me not love you
M tanveer Nawaz
Facebook my fav social app
Ell I will all xml
It's a good app
Love It!
Sick of the updates and it still won't load correctly and I a timely manner. Hate the fact that I have to be on here to play games or log in on another app. That's crazy
Facebook updated but it always tells me setting up facebook...But it's a great app
Ashanor mirda
After i updated this app,  whenever i click on any videos,  the app shuts down. Really frustrating... Uninstalling it...  Let me know when u fix this... Saw the same comment from atlsast 100 Doodle2 handset users.  Guess the app developers are sleeping.  Very disappointing... Lol... N no of updates, but problem remains the same.
It makes the world smaller! But adults b responsible n using fb,  watch out also who's ur kids r talking to. .

Great
Does not refresh the page after update just hangs note 3
Worth getting.
it makes my phone hanged . . it irritates me
Very good
Dat's great keep it up..!!!haha
It good
Krishan banger
Thanks for tha amazing apps
Yes its a big app, but it's also a big company with lits of resources. There should be NO BUGS! The absolutely most annoying bug for me is that when you Like a photo, you return later to see that the Like does not remain registered. WTF!
I just love this app
There are lots of problems
Facebook
Ok
Today Facebook plays an important role in progress
Why the screen will turn black and taking time to show my facebook.. Pls fix it.
I prefer the last fb update
Saroj
Thanks
Cant watch videos all the sudden,what is up with that??
NoW iTs bEcOmE beTTeR thEn PreViOuS..........
Its a good app but there are some problems. Now to message you have to use messenger which is an waste of space. Youre new design is terrible as its so hard to find things when it used to be so easy and why does this app take up 66.5 mb after you log on. Ridiculous
Good
Nice
Loved
Not wrkng properly
need messanger what d .....like a man without hands
New update sucks. Eating memory so much.
Yeah sweet
Good
Runs slow on my xperia z. And hate having to come off Facebook to use another app to chat.. Put it all back to 1 please
Very easy way to Get incontact with those whom we donot meet in routine
Luv u
Bakwas aap very slow
Like it app...
Hitesh kava
The last update of fb application made it dead..      R.I.P. FB
567895             Gbvhjv
Very good app and social network
Nuce
Verry slow when i download fb
Srilanka
My best aap
Fb apps sucks!
Nice but very slowly
This app is work very slowly & very hackable app...
I will write after using the app actually I  am using first time
haha x bagus
Supar nd loved it
very nice interface
it needs to take less memory and keeps crashing please may you sort theese problems out
Nice
Muahh
Im very dissapointed on facebook!!! Why do they have to seperate my inbox and asking to install the messenger app?!!!
'Cause sometimes they are not responding
Whenever I play a video it stops like in the middle or after a few sevonds saying this video cant be played. But if I skip this very little second, it works a bit then stops again! Fix it!
I cant download video from facebook ....pls sove this problem...
Facebook

Wish they would fix it back so you can tag that are not on you friends list via the mobile app once again sucks not being able to as a group Admin makes life a pain
First, i need to dl messenger to be able to chat with my friends, its really irritating. Secondly, i have two accounts from time to time i change my account to my another account, and i while ago while i trying to online my another acc. It keeps on shutting down/force to close. Ill give you 5  stars if you could Fixed this thanks :)
Keeps force closing. Uninstalled. Reinstalled. Uninstalled messenger, reinstalled messenger. Still force closing. Sending feedback with every force close. Still no fix.
I loved it
Awesome
Very nice
Download ing is solo poor
Becz these app makes a different friend from the world
Storage no way to store it on the SD card. Next update facebook will occupy all the storage on my phone..
This app is so good......
Ppop
Thanks
Great
muthu
I like the Facebook look but i don't like that statuses from 2 and 3 days ago pop up in the beginning of my stream every time i launch the app. Need a button to be able to only see current and new statuses. - Samsung Galaxy Note 3
Master boss
It is a not bad .!!
./.
Ch¨¢n
So cool
I liked it very much
The app is OK, even though a bit limited in features and slow, even on fast devices. The removal of messages is nonsense (nope, I will *not* install messenger!) and makes the app pretty useless.
Newfeeds are not showing
Best app for android mobile phone.  Afsan nawab from lund khwar mardan kpk pakistan.
But ar moto dakasa
It's really unnecessary to have a completely seperate app just for messenger... let alone for it to be a forced issue. Not to mention you've overstepped the line when it comes to privacy, Facebook.
Keep it up
My mother has Facebook it is so good we can make avatars stories and lots of things please download my freinds
Updated but FB still more often not responding force stop.
Thanks You

...
Loads slot
It's simply good
Love
Love
Enjoying
Now app use less ram .... Now its best
Coooooooooool it issss.
Don't like the new update
Asks for way too much for installation. Uninstall and then reinstall and look at the permissions before you do i geruntee you wont like it
Biasa aja, ga Ada yg istimewa
Xhuljana capja
Love always
Updated 2 days ago, now the app is randomly freezing on me. Cheers guys
Its jus good
All
Awesome
app crash >>> unfortunately error and close
Bagus
Nice app
Its a very good app to browse facebook only complain i have that sometimes i cant see full sized image of some people that arent my friends like if they sent me a friend request or i want to send it to someone i need to make sure that it is the same person other than that its (y)
app
Don't tell me to rate it again because I rate this
Videos only play for short time. Only ones linked to YouTube play completely though. Been like this atleast the last 4 or 5 updates
its slow.....
Love this app!
Wow amazing
Nice    apps
excellent
Love it
I love it because my friends are were chat
Great media attention getter.
But didn't work properly sometimes....please fix this...
Good
Not bad!
Good
Nice for guptition
VeryGood
Nice
Ram
hmmm
Laughably bad timeline functionality now. Not having it chronological has made FB mobile hopeless.
plz make some gud app for facebook...
U h
I love fb!
conan
Cant use the app after download it give error after downloading the app :(
Resource hog that takes up alot of space. videos don't load well. garbage app.
I have a new phone right now when I installed facebook it keeps loading forever when I login it always says "facebook is not responding" this is a great app but can you please fix this. When you fix this up ill give you 10 up to 5 stars
Facebook
Bored
Awesome
How can I go back to version 14?
Ammu
Keep it up
Liked it
Videos are not being able to play. An error message appears when the video is about to play
Won't let me download it in my e1 says incompatible update 
Rosulullah
KALYAN-karmakar
Thank
It's gets slower sometimes
Cant play videos at all on HTC velocity
<3
Very good
This son of a bitch won't install... -_-
Loved it
Gr8 app i loved it
No way
Best
eat lots of memory
Everytime i play video within 24 seconds or less it stops..waste of time..fix it
good app
Patel
Used to love it till I am being forced to download another app for messages.
Nice
Dev

Reply good
Since it's update the other day on my Samsung galaxy s3 mini when I click into Facebook it's taking me in then straight back out again. Get it fixed please as it's so annoying can't reply to anyone!
Love it
This is new after the last update. It is beyond annoying.
Very nice. ...
fin
Definitely getting better now.
Good
Batt¨¦r
Dont download
I like it facebook app and is the best app
Good
Nice fb
Awesome
¡ïGood¡ï
Good
Facebook crashes
I don't know whats happening on this 3days not updating! Die.. I want the old one.
I happey apps
Videos stop when playing, not managed to watch one through yet.
its keeps taking me out the app and it used too much cpu
Facebook app is k as to update n posting so that we can know all about the things happening over da world
plz. fit it. it always force close by itself. it really annoying what happened?
Want let me watch videos want even load up fix it
keep sharing
gud
Keep it up
cnt install...
Very good for using Facebook and update photos...
Please fix. The automatic update made the photos load slow. I can barely see photos on my newsfeed. It takes too long before one photo loads. PLEASE FIX ASAP! This has been going on since the last update
Nice app
Creat facebook widge :)
Facebook account new
Can't play videos on my xperia z2
No chat in Application
Its Fair
App
Remove messsenger requirement to read messages.
boing!!!!
Ve
Android
Rajput
I gave 5 star because your rating is poor so you need to grow up kidows
after updating, fb were so slow..
So beautiful
Yes
Very good.
Why the hell are you moving the conversation to additional app? Isn't smarter to make it simple??
123456780
,,,
won't let me log in on tablet keeps saying setting up. What the hell then messenger quit. Change things back. Never had this much trouble before
Videos keep cutting off on both my tablet and mobile.
Can't play any videos posted on Fb...if I tend to open it...the app shuts down...which sucks
Love
My name is Aaban and I need a cute gril for friendship contect me my email
C
Nice app
This is unacceptable for Facebook to message friends by downloading the messenger app forcing everyone to do so.
I like this ....
nice
Very good
<3
nice application
Super
Very nice
Fastest
Nesu
Good
Vin
Video not downloading
Device access on the device seems a bit dodgey... Looks like it's breaching privacy just a little bit considering it can tell when the device is connected to a call and it identifies the number of the device on the other end
Love it
Its Laggy. and its consume many space. ;'(
What happened to this app? Why is it not working even after I reinstalled it?
Hhhhhhhddddd
Ranjithazam
Good to everyone apps my choice.
I dont want separate app to look msg!
The new messenger app is NOT NEEDED. IF NOTHING ELSE, ADDRESS THE SEPARATE MESSAGING APP. Please. You have made headlines due to overzealous privacy policies. Why all the privacy invasion? I use this site to keep up with friends, and view family photos. I don't want anyone having access to my camera and audio, at their own will! I also liked it better when you had to have a college email address. Too many childish idiots on here.
Loved it
It'nice
I hate the last update...why why why???? Hurry fix it!!!
I LOVE Facebook but I HATE that I have NO PRIVACY!!! I mean I can be recorded (spied on) off my camera, spied on threw texts call logs emails etc, recorded threw my cell mic...its a bunch of crap! You know how many perverts and psychos can hack that crap like EVERYTHING ELSE they hack and see my CHILDREN, MYSELF, ADDRESS, PHONE NUMBERS ETC without me knowing but not really knowing?!?! NOT VERY COOL AT ALL! I have and will keep the app but with a VERY LOW rate....this SUCKS! Bet the gov. behind this too!
Excellent
nice
This is crap keeps coming on top of my screen a notififcation saying like someone accepted my request and it keeps doing sort it out its bloody annoying.
Its very imp
its very good for the world
ko
For some reason after doing the update most of the time I play a video it crashes and eventually facebook freezes
Loading issue
its an awesome xperience for facebooking wid dis app happy :) happy :) what a photo uploading method n chatting.....  love it :D
For an older version
Love it
its really good
i cant get on facebook because of the update
Ya

My galaxys5 always has problems with everything that has to do with Facebook ... It gets me frustrated but what can I do ..
Nice
Very helpfull to every one thank you so much
Its not showing anyone in chat .. darn it nw evn the msgs r not going
It's a verygood application.this is the best application always and everyone.
Why does it keep asking me to update the application? There's Nothing new about it. Its all a waist of time!
Great app!
Use too much ram
Love it.
Luv app.
This is the best communication in my inspirations...
Hanging always
Best app ever
Great
Super working....
Love
FACEBOOK and I'm a facebookers
Loveit
Bad slow
Uploading is so low,wasting time
Very good app ,it help to chat with other guy,we can make more friends,worldwide friends also thankyou
I like it very much
Never want to load videos or post. Never as a good enough connection no matter how good of a connection  I have. Needs to be fixed.
Great work,fast accessing
I love it
Ok
Y
Good
after update its still stuck on setting up facebook :::::.....
Every time I open a video to watch it starts the first three seconds and than it stops. Keeping it a two until this problem is fixed.
Omg!is the developer blind or just a dumb,fecebook developer doesnt know the word most recent as a default page when you open the app
Stuck on setting Facebook, not respond two days now...Asus FonePad 7 me175.
i dont know my facebook not working please help me.
It was fine intill i got an update on my sony experia x1 no it wont let me download it
Wow!!
Gets me going by the hours....
Older version was better can u update the Facebook with older version
why it is necessary  to download  facebook messenger after some time? please fix this issue!! thats why im giving only one star to this app !
Nice app
Pl call me
Good
I try to enter the app and the logo pops up then it goes right back to the home screen of mt phone every single time its the same issue
Nice
very good
It is sooo gud
fevkalade
beans
Sumeet
Take so much storage
Like
Automatically closes...
Super
good
Parul
Gooooood
What's up with this "setting up Facebook"???
want do eny thng all it says it settin up Facebook
Excellent app &  very fast.
This is a very good app of facebook for us... I like it... Thanks...
Maki chut
For an older version
hi......
Good enough...

I was forced to take this app.I couldn't get my message's tell I took the app .
Errorr!!!
Super
On my nexus 5. Never had problems until this latest version. Now can't even get past the setting up Facebook screen or just a plain grey screen. Please resolve asap!!!
The app sits on (setting up Facebook) And never finishes
Best all the times....but using lots of ram and internal memory
Xxx
Nice
Good
Sooo good to be connected with friends Yeah.
I like it
Decent
new virsion facebook..
Superb
Lags all the time
Having issue where keeps trying to share a post and force closes.
it's okay.
Slow to login jrrr
Facebook constantly says "setting up facebook" Needs fixed.

Temperamental
Numbness
Deb
Best ever
A nice software for chat install and enjoy
Hjk
Its not working. When i tried to open it is not working.. automatic close...
Wtf Dear fb i found u updates but i was unable to find the solution of my problem ...(no internet connection)
Video can't play after Kitkat update on my Xperia ZR.  Uninstalling now. FB is much better in website compared to app. Also drains battery very fast.
Shishpal tada
It's can't work on my phone. Always error. And i hate it
Facebook can use ir by browser, dont need to waste your storage to download it, uninstalled
The app always crash
When i open it says "facebook is not responding"
Thanks guys for making it easy to connect to all the people that are important to me. 
Dont never use it
Awesome
i
Awesome app...
update make it a dead app...after last update to start the app u had to atleast 3,4 time launch the app to make ot work...it wont start on a single start :-/
Bar bar update Q
Dropped from 5 ¡ï's to -2¡ï's, It was PERFECT just the way it WAS ! There isn't the option of the receiving the most recent post...now all I can get are the most popular ...I HATE THAT,  In trying to make this App somehow better,you guys made it worse! It Wasn't Needed!
I like it .....best thing is its look n view is like PC ......
Very good app
Gr8!!
Face Book
Its gr8 social network
Use it its amazing
Since it updated the app has gone so slow!!
Happy Again. .
Excellnet
love it
Gud
It's a good app  but I have one problem with Facebook videos,  I play a video and it stops half way through and won't allow me to watch the other half.please fix it.
When i install it doesnt let me in! Hate this app
Bring Back the option to "Get Notification" from someone!!!
i am trying to install fb from last couple of days after uninstalling it but after download its showing installation error -24
Even after updating...we can't get best result
Apps running problem whenever I tried to open. This FB apps has too many demerits and vulnerable for young generation.

Ayaan
I wish all phones could see emoji.Not just on comments.
farif alam
But nice app
This app sucks. It just sits there and says it's loading but never does. This is the only app I have that just does work. I have to turn off 4G and then back on tangent to work. Fix the reliability
Good
Sometimes this apps needs to update.i dont know why
vaqwasss
Download prblm ! Pta nahi konsa error h '-24' ..baaki sab apps doWnload ho ri h..bas yeh. hi nahi hO rhi..sort it soon !
Nice work
Cool
While surfing on note3 the fb always crashes
Facebook is a summary solution for the worlds social problems.its just awesome
awesome
Thanks
k
Awesome app
Good
No need of getting messenger
Good
Nice
No idea why the Facebook always show old posts, always make people difficult to view the latest feeds. Can the developers tell me how can I show mine and my friends' feeds in chronological order?
Love
Sumaya
Uppal
Super
love it

Fun to play
Fb
Lets c , how it works.... :) already gave 5 *****
Greatest
Awesome
Updetupdetupdet...
Facebook
Great
now since it shows my about me someone is on my account deleting most of my friends
Awesome
Its good but can you take off the recent searches its bothering me.. I dont like that thing and can you add a MOST RECENT setting in News Feed? Thank You but over all ITS OK
Why cant you just leave it alone the last one was fine moving all the msgs no need for it.just think its a terrible layout.also keeps freezing and wont play videos properly whole app needs putting back to how it used to be
It would be nice if the font size could be customized or possibly make a tablet friendly version...?
always connected to my relatives and love ones
Superb
Rohan
It is called to be an update but actually. ..thr is no new update aftr updating it....
Latest update has frozen app, doesn't load anything when connected to either wifi or 3g!!!! and i keep having to log in.
Since I'd upgrade this version, it has been so slow and freezes with just one click. Can't even see my page or go and like on peoples page. WTH IS WRONG! NEVER DONE THIS SINCE I'D UPGRADE THIS. PLEASE FIX IT!
Good
When ever I click on the app it doesn't open.
What this is a social app
This new version is very bad because I can play videos
,
Won't work at all on my Sony xperia says unsupported file when trying to install
Facebook apps is like a tiny monster feeding on our internal memory.. cant u guys slow down with the space eating isu... and again theres that side kick messenger to help out with the feeding.. great job!!
It got uninstalled automatically and now its not downloading..  Whats the problem..  Whenever I download it downloads completely n then flashes incompatible update..
Great app
Nice
It freezes up all the time and takes forever to load any kind of status, picture, or video. Not a very good app at all
Get the high signal.
The new update make the problem of video player worse. Now i can just watch a half of a video on Facebook and guess the other half.
Pooja -14
Useless without messages
Nice
Can't watch videos anymore thanks to the new update. Please fix.
Hate facebook
Sukegurung
More fun this app
I'm experiencing a problem on my Xperia.Whenever I play a video an error occurs and it just stop playing.Please fix this as soon as you can.
Not responding
J&66467 Guu
Error when searching, slow loading news feed, cannot move to sd card
Unknown error code '24' won't install app. Don't do update! Samsung S4
Sucks, Cant play even a single video
Ver slow
I
Hiiiii...
Videos won't work, app fc, lagging etc...
Nice
mal
I have some suggestion, can you merge with facebook messenger, cause it always crash when Im trying to chat someone, and fix the problem of many, the older version was clean and nothing to say, but now, many complain. Please fix it.
Good
Dolly
..........................................d
Nice
One of the superb app in play store and it is very useful
Galexy wondar to problam to prosesing this app
From last 2 days it stop working on my huawei ascend g510.. plxx fixx it
It is a waste of waste
Not easy
Hardly refreshes when navigated to do so
I love it and its very friendly for me.
Its nice..but sometimes hanging very badly..
G8 app
Great app

I love it, but I hate that I must install the messenger app to chat. Why can't it be like it was before, you have all in one and not in separated places... I hope you fix this!!!
I don't think so if I like bec.I downloaded today and it takes too long waste of time to wait.
The messenger thing though is really bugging me, don't want another app on my mobile. Forcing me to install it is not cool. One more thing: please provide the "custom" privacy option within the new post options. I don't want to go to the mobile site to be able to do that in addition to checking my messages.

Bad
When i updated my phone the app disapperd and it wont download
Awesme!!
Good
Fb is a very nice
Small bugs
Like
Nice
Just everything about this app is pure bullcrap
It is a very very bad
baikkk
Super
Super
I feel uncomfortable every time I log on fb. I was able to block a page and ever since the new up date people keep harassing me in this page that a block I wish fb could fix it. Though everyone says FB doesn't care about their unsure. With all honesty can this be fix! Like now! Thank you.
I have updated facebook but everytime I opened it only said setting up facebook now I cant open my account pls fix this if you fix this I'll give you again 5 stars I promise.
I am addicted with playing this game, ! It rocks!
Very very very slow
Coooool
Assume!!!@@@@!
Ok

Love how quick you can access all the features
Eiffage
My facebook and facebook messenger app doesn't work already for a month shows that there is some error and like that it's already a month..
Too good
I don't understand how they can blatantly charge people for crap like how many people will see a post on their dashboard, have craploads of ads, and have absolutely no customer service whatsoever.
Creating two apps to do what originally one app could do in the first place.. Seems logical!
Nice
Friendship
So slow and often crashes! What the heck is going on?! It's not like this before.
Having issues with signing in
Ra
After the recent update.pics are not loading on screen...very slow even on 3g netwrk...
Nice
Its very cool app.its is running even on weak signal .install this app .iam recommended you
nice app
I like fa book
Nice
Verry good
Good
Fix it can't download it back on my phone. I don't know what's wrong. Fix it please.
Ther i ntng nw undr the son
Facebook
Tlk with frnds
Its fantastic and easy to use
great interface..convenient n beautiful..but still can select text to copy..
The app was crushing all the time,  couldn't read notifications and it never got better but I kept it for the messenger, or actually the notification of people messeging me. now that I need a separate app for that, which crushes even more, not just the app but the phone itself,  I'd better get back to the web browsing
Good app
Caint even download it
Awsone
Friends
good
It is a very slow plz fast the Facebook
Love and frindship
Good apps
Goes to top in news feed itself
support Israel
Please change back to previous version.
Verry god
Love
Perfect
I like Facebook because you can find old classmates, friends that have fallen away, relatives, etc. But things can get out of hand also. You must be careful of both your own feelings. And the feelings of others. Overall, I like it.
Nice

Like
Facebook
Rubbish sticking with Twitter
Good
Developers shock us , do something intelligent ! -_-
Loved it
Very nice app dis iz
Having problem from last update, when ever i click online persons it got hang my tab
Faces
arbieyna
Nice
My app won't let me play videos. Can someone please fix it it was fine til the last update. I don't think it's my Samsung s5. Bc it was fine before the update
But takes a lot of time to load new uploads !! Plzz make that fast
Nyc
Nice
Very niece
Start f**k about against shi**
Super
Ok
My
Best ever
Doesn't work properly...always hanging-up..
What happened on Facebook?? Y always force close??? Pls fix this issue immediately.
communication AP
Best apps***
Won't play videos all the way through, freezes and snoops on ya privacy,  what a con!
It's best

It always stop without any reason!!
It amazingly hot right nownow
Bleh bha kalau kau
Myanmar
Avosomee
Hrhe
Good n updated
Well over 1GB of space available but won't install.
ILike this
When im trying to play a video on facebook it keeps saying sorry an error occurred when trying to play this video and then it takes me off the video! Very annoying
Hoping to download the best facebook application?
Nice social app
Hu
Please fix the bug.
Why does Facebook need to be able to write to my SD card ?
Bakwas aap very slow
Mxwa
(Y)
working gud
Xperia m, video playback still fails! It worked better with the old method! (if it's not broken don't try and fix it) also the app is taking up 45% of my cpu....
Win
Its good
Doesn't show all feed stories.
Live happy
Good
Cool
Ishu
Its great
Looks like the last version, works worse. Now my newsfeed crashes the app every time I try to scroll. Crap. I'd give it less than 1 star if I could.
Take my privacy !!! It's yours Zuckerberg !!
Good
This app didn't update very fast
Fast but very havey data
What is the reason that I can't download the Facebook?
Come on Facebook it's time to change some things people have complained about!!!! 2 main issues-video error while playing videos and the option to choose whether u want top stories or most recent posts first!!! What is the hold up??? What are u waiting on??? Ur latest update is really making the fb experience terrible!! Ready to go back to desktop!!!! It's ridiculous I can't watch a video without multiple errors and I can't see the latest posts!
Nice!
I love facebook
Superb
Nice
Well, i uninstall my facebook because when im trying to open the apps. It always end with forceclose.. I dont know if my cellphone is the prob:( help me pls
its good.east to use anytime
Ok so first I'm hating the fact that you keep telling me to download that stupid messenger app which I'm not going to btw. Also now my fb app keeps crashing every time I try yo use it!!!! Gosh this sucks fix it!
Loved it
Cool
Good
Sahid
Veri nice
Best
Hello
it is very very good &nice 100 %
Farzan
What the hell it is. It works very slow. when i log in  in my id it say(facebook application)wait , report, forceclose. Please fix that problum. I cant give even a star. Make a new version and provide it to face book users.
Get to know the world and peoples thought on matters
Nice
Ok
Cool
Don't install
Superb app.
Halifee
i love facebook
Very Nice App
it brokes when im not using it.i use fb app once or twice a week.then i have to uninstall and install it again.
I love this application
Nice
Preety cool...
ffjj
Must do
Like it
Bhut bdhiya
The app only works so good, until you update it! Then...see for yourself after you have updated it so many times.
There is no notification pop out !
Kumar nkhanumapor
Acha hai...
there's no delete or edit option on the comment section :(
I loved it
Horrible decision to force us to download a different application for Messenger

Good
Good
Its very very exelant
Now I m enjoy facebook
Still can not watch videos from this app. It freezes my phone,  I have a HTC rezound. It's not just my phone other people I know can't watch videos. Fix it or I'm uninstalling.
Takes much time to open But feel gud
Its worst
Too much ... big files
Grate
Ips
it's good
Its said this new update made the app faster. But for some reason now it takes 10 min just to get to the login screen. Unacceptable.
Excellent social network!
Duniya mutthi mai
Always a new setting up is available
Superb
Everytime I open this app, it just hung up and then the screen will become black. Then a pop-up appears saying "Facebook stopped. " Can you fix this then I'll give 5 stars
Loved it
Can't play videos since last update!
Gud:-)..
Very invasive thanks but no thanks
Its doesnt plays videos. Stops in between. Slows the speed at times.takes a bit time to reload
not responding  i update but fb still force close more often not responding absolutely please fix fb when i open social media
The latest update has disabled messages and forces you to download a separate app to access them.
Owsm
It's very nice
Good
Not suitable for me.
can do boht work good as bad
78646@
GooD TimE....
I can't message my friends without downloading messenger WTF Facebook
Annoying new update!
Just did the latest update and this app is worse than ever!! Please fix. Freezes and force quits 9 out of 10 times. Continuously shows newsfeed news that have already been hidden. Functionality is terrible, faulty, and annoying. This billion dollar company is really awful at their job/product.
Fcbook
Nice job
Super
Its a great app
Amazing
U kajjaj
Really good easy and connecting
Facebook download free
"Facebook isn't responding" alwaaaaaayssss .  :'(
Good
I'm not installing messager. Facebook is only doing that so that way people are more likely to buy they're stupid stickers
Lin kar aung
Im using this sine 10000 years
Nuff said.
Very nice apps.
F
Hope there was an in-app browser so that i dont need to switch between apps whenever i click a link
plez khattay haru naya update gar
This softwear is wery slow working. please cheng to speed fast thenks
Very Good App.
First I see a post from 2 hours ago the the next post is from 5 days ago then the post after that is from 5 minutes ago... I don't get how this works
Fb
This is good one
Salah sm.
It allows to much personal info to other applications as well as google and NON OF THE VIDEOS WILL PLAY!!!!!
HKJ
I don't know why it won't load my pictures and takes forever to load more feed....
Doesn't work since update. Tries to open then just force closes. Deleted it, had all kinds of trouble getting it reinstalled,  and still doesn't work. GS4
When I originally signed up for Facebook,  my news feed was full of my friends activity and it was good, nowadays my news feed is full of adds and 'pages' full of crap pictures/memes/adds. Facebook removing the messages and trying to make me install another app to get my messages us just stupid too. Put facebook back to how it used to be, connecting with friends not reading bullshit of pages or adds that I don't even care about! 
cant install in my xperia e1 after update .. always incompatible update..
Its the best app....
Awesome
Good apps
My ph was hanging after download face book app
Neima   Ail
Updated
A blessing to be able to connect with friends and family from the past and present.
I love it
Mix
This new fb ap literally sucks Ummm you must be working for the government to want to be all in my buisness. Deleted
Love the update and the new settings!
Facebook Application is quickest way to stay in touch with family and friends!
I like you
Rkt
I installed this app on the galaxy s5. The only problem I'm having is when I click on a link it kicks me out of the app.
Either it's Facebook or my phone (galaxy s 2) it won't download either way everyone has the problem of not updating the news feeds
Videos don't play at all from my phone and takes forever to load. It was fine before the last update!!! Fix my application!!!!
Love it
Lo
Can't download app
Even if I hide a post or unfollow or even unfriend someone their posts still show up in my timeline everytime it refreshes
Can't download videos
Nice function in this app...
You have to make this app not crash all the time anymore. Its very annoying
Great
Nice app
Happy go lucky
Always crash after update new version... when i open it always force unfortunattely... plz fix this problem !!!!
Do not like getting posts that are from yesterday or two days ago put in front of current posts.
Good
Never opens up all the way
Know
Why can't I scroll down to see my newse feed.. I'm only able to see the first three before the app closes. I've checked my setting and even uninstalled it..nothing.
my facebook takes over 100mb last week I only took 40 and now I had no choice but to download the messenger app thinking about uninstalling Facebook app unless the memory is 6 I'd really appreciate it I'm sure others would too also I can hardly ever read my notifications
Great
Gud.
Coolest ever!
Ok
I have had to reinstall this app 4 times because it stops working... it is getting very frustrating and I hate it... please fix this problem
Its got the pendajidous
Facebook
Why would I need to get an app for an app tht is just stupid plz fix
I love this app
Gud
Beautiful
Now I can keep up with every body when I'm on the truck
Best app. Thanks for fixing!
Because of Messenger permissions.
I find the newest update of Facebook to be really suspicious. Why would you need to read my text messages, access my personal information and overpower other apps? Yeah, no thank you. I will not be downloading this app unless it is returned to the old version.
It's good, I just don't use it :l
I love face book a lot
Tremendously SLOWER than last update. Waste of space. Violation of privacy in permissions. Uninstall!!!
I hate the fact in order for u to send messages u have to have the Facebook messager app which takes up a lot of space minus what the Facebook app it self take up
The update + forcing messenger sucked
It keeps crashing. Any time I do anything, it crashes. This is so ridiculous. What the heck happened to this app?
I cannot check my messages so I uninstalled. It keeps prompting me to download messenger and won't allow me to decline!!!!!!!!!!
Good
Data taken by fb is very high compared to other social network
Messanger is not workong
I refuse to use this app when they're having all of your personal information open to the public, etc. It uses you microphone and other vital software tool's to keep track of you.  This must change immediately! !!!
This how u rolling
It sucks
Its an upgrade from before.
Whenever I wanna play a video I see on my newsfeed it says "this video cannot be played" but if I keep pressing it it eventually plays but stops again half way. Please fix this it sucks
Good. It's giting to be fun
Update sucks...Just keeps force closing and wont open anymore!! Motorola Droid
poor
No
Constantly crashing since last update.
Its so slow and i have to wait 5 minutes for it to even show the news feed. And it also keeps on closing -.-
Freezes since new update. Having to force stop app going to Uninstall because I'm tired
Can't even download..
Good one
Face book
Why is facebook forcing messanger...taking privacy...im on the verge of deactivating
^^^^
For once the old updates where better when u upload a video u can't even see the progress I waited like 4hrs just for a 1min video to upload
Slow slow slow need to fix this
Exvellent
If no Facebook I can't get my fremd
Would be nice if it had seperate sections for the unnamed or named group chat in message area like Messenger cause I'm not downloading that app again invasion of privacy...
Excellent
Goodm
Force close every time I open the app on my tab
Its ok
Please fix guys... keeps freezing and shutting dwn... fix and I will give and 5 ...
This app is so good
It dont open!!
Don't force another app on me. The one you have now works just fine!
Since last update. I keep getting kicked out and not able to load fb from tablet!  Will be installing!!!!
It was great until about the days ago when it started crashing on me and not responding.
When someone likes my comment or something i don't get a notification. Actually i'm not getting any notification since i've updated it ,The update sucks, Sorry. And there is a Tagging problem too.
Its too much slow
Good apps
It works as directed, without having to add water!
...nuff said
This is the worst app i've ever have in my app collection. In a normal case, an app should be improving day by day. But for  fb, it is getting worse day by day.
I hate that
I like it.
Driver
If the app stopped talking about Messenger and let me use it in peace I would give a higher rating. I don't see why we have to switch over.
I can't stand your Facebook Messenger. It's intrusive & slow & l prefer the quiet , instant, old model private inbox. Really hate Messenger...& being FORCED to use it? Bad idea
Gud app
It is gud than other
unable to play video on Note 3 Neo. Please rectify . Everything else Is great .

Good
The new update sucks...had to delete the app and re-download it.
Terimakasih telah mendirikan Facebook ..
Kaveennaveen
Hi
its good . .
Facebook like page
Rahim uddian
Cooolll
This app sucks! It forcecloses every time i try to get on. if there was a option for 0 stars thats wat id rate it. Plus i dont want you spying and recording me or going threw my contacts or reading my  txt. Can u say INVASION OF PRIVACY.  No app should need permission to ur contacts ,recorder,camera & txt messages.
Freezes my tablet and it takes over a minute to switch from the newsfeed to other tabs. Sending a message is near impossible. Please fix this cause I can't even use this app without wanting to throw this thing at the wall. 
Does what it's supposed to
Excellent! !
I was just thinking installing facebook in mobile will be bad when I had installed it what do you think my answer reeeeaaaalllllyyyy awwwweeeesssssooooommmmmeeee(really awesome)
Good
very  slow
Good
Facebook a di boss
A lot of times it just closes on the s3. I don't get notifications until like 20 minutes later. Biggest issue though is when I try to sync contacts with one's already in my phone it just syncs them all! Have uninstalled 3x! Fix this please!
Mobile network works fine. Has been happening for a long time, but this version is much worse.
Jhuliahs de guzman
Look and see
I hate this app! ever since I updated it wont stay open for more than a few seconds before crashing.
Where is the SHARE button for this application?? How do you share a file that you just opened? You NEED to add the share button for files or links open on Facebook platform. This app is too slow, taming too long. Please compress the files so it can get faster.
Ok
FB forces you to download it's messaging app.
Poor apps running a very slowly .
FB keeps freezing on me. I just bought a new phone. Not even a week ago and so I KNOW that isnt the problem. Fix it, A-Holes!
Can't seem to live without it
Uninstalled
I love it.
Good luck to everyone
T
Love it
Keep it up
I cant stand messager
Nice
Good
Myheart42004
I love Facebook. First place I go when I get on the pc
when the videos play without clicking on them, it freezes my whole phone
Stop updating so often ...it's annoying
Love it
Love being able to be in touch
Let me turn it off!
Not bad would love if I didn't have to have a seperate app for messages! Otherwise things work which is improvement. Would like to see nee features such as dislike button. ;)
Can't get on Fb unless through Google since update. Please fix  this and I will change rating.
Sometimes this app freezes when you go past a certain time. The app is very large at around 30MB when signed in and it would be good if you could reduce the size or allow it to be moved to an SD Card
Why the heck isn't my Facebook. Coming on I've been wimaiting an hour
Newest update crashes my phone, so I had to uninstall. And I agree with the others about "top stories" being default. I will ALWAYS want most recent. I would give your app zero stars if possible.
Sucessful
I always get an error message when I try and play videos
Its ok... vedio download is not available fix it.....
The app won't let me upload photos
The biggest social media networking app in the world, and I haven't been able to open it for weeks. What a wash... "Stops working" even when I'm not using it. Will not open. Piece of shite...
Not working
Good
Nice. Sometimes it freezes needs to be more stable.
What the actual hell???? Download update and now I'm in limbo, app has been setting up forever.
Slows down phone. Finally loaded after two days...
It meets expectation
Bir singh
Love it
Nice one
HI FB USERS, THE PROBLEM WITH TOP STORIES IS NOT A PROBLEM, JUST GO FOR OPTION MORE ON THE RIGHT SIDE OF APP AND THE FIND IN THE LIST OPTION MOST RECENT AND CLICK THERE. IT WILL FIX YOU ISSUE. PLS RATE THIS COMMENT I WANNA BE A FB EMPLOYE IN BOSNIA.
Roxas city
I have a very good Internet speed but the app don't charge images quickly!
Why always facebook force to out
Cannot be downloaded
It was good but now it has got horrible gotta do better
Mina sarvdaman
Just updated yesterday, today ask again to update with the same update, u want to eat much on my internet data? Can't
I enjoyed this time.I am wondering why you removedo it.
The newest update keeps crashing. It barely opens and then crash closes up to 10 times before I can finally get it to stay open. Very, very frustrated.
it's really nice. i like this update :)
Nice!O:-)
Love it
Faster
Because i loved it
Facebook can't download in phone. Galaxy core duos it have a lot of space but it can't 
Ilove this app
Size is too larze it use high size of memory otherwise it is good app
Doesn't even stay open for a full five minutes before it closes out of the app. Plus the videos won't even play right. Fix it.
Good
The embedded video player is always force closin. Hate that I hve to hve messenger installed to msg on fb. I wanna see recent news feeds not posts from yesterday or earlier in the week. Just deleted it and using web browser for fb

Totally shocked you gotta download messenger and you have no privacy that sucks Facebook

Moulding Oprator
Stay connect to family and friends in different states.
Fail
have a lot of crashes and is very slow
This is very excellent app
Facebookat bagus senang mencari teman2 yg lama kita x jumpa ..
So it's still use able but with everything they want to implement things are really messing up

awesome
I have to keep uninstalling and installing it because it doesn't load. It acts as though I'm not connected to the internet when I am and I am able to go on other things, just not facebook..
Every since the last update, it now shows your location in our posts... Now this is ridiculous.... When I go out if town now I can't post on fb because I don't want to be robbed while on vacation... There should be a way for us to change that in settings but it's not... So please fix or you will lose me on fb....
Awesome & socially connected to all my fb friends, thank you very much FB!
Bagus sentiasa di kemaskinikan mengikut peredaran masa dan zaman kecangihan dunia internet sekarang...
Its bettet than many of the others but sometimes it freezes and i cant get back in so I have to reset the whole thing again and start over.
Messenger integration sucks!
No very nice upload.no all friend meet and latest news.moile hang not support
Bayamon P.R
Distance do not matter

After the latest update, it keeps crashing!!!
It is really annoying that you have to have the messanger app to get messages now. It takes up to much space on my phone and is not convent at all.
1
Munir
It is good but can be more better . Or else some thing is missing
ilovethis:*
Can no longer upload pictures since update
Its messing up and telling me to install -24??
I shiuldnt have to download another app just to see my messages.
I have good service and strong wifi and its lags and freezes and says it stops then i gotta force stop
Every time i click on most recent it close .. Facebook has stopped .. I try to clear data and  uninstalled it .. But still the same problem .. Fix it
To much trouble ::
Friends or unfriends or block options missing
After update app constantly closes and says, "facebook has unfortunately stopped".  It is getting annoying please fix!!
Not at all responding. Feel that its useless to install this app
Simply the best
Great
There is always problem likr that.  I dont know, please fix! Thanks.
Always  set up facebook....    To  slowly..
It is great
?? All jAcked up..
I won't open anymore!!!
This is the worst app i ever used in my life i cant login to my facebook account it always say log in failed, i checked my username and password 20x but it still says log in failed, i login my facebook in PC, it works but in this app it didnt work so this is the lamiest app i ever used if you can fix this i rate it 5 stars so can you kindly please fix this.
Is wonderful
Needs too much access to everything on my phone.
Since the update today the app will not load.  I guess I will be uninstalling it.
After the last update, pictures went from clear and viewable to fuzzy and unreadable. I only use Facebook to connect with family members, which includes sharing family photos and viewing those of others. Bad quality photos are completely diminishing my experience. Want to speed up your app? Get rid of stupid video autoplay and ads. I want to see and read photos the way they were meant to be! 135 MB of internal storage used and I get crappy photo quality and useless video autoplay!
Please fix this update because I can't instal it and I had it before you made it worse
Cool
It keep forcing to stop plz fix it
It worked really well until 2 days ago since then I have uninstalled & reinstalled it many times and it still keeps crashing. I have been using fb for android on my samsung gallaxy tab for nearly 2 years and this is weird that now it won't work
Nice
Why must I download messenger seperately? The old message option was fine. Back to txtin and other platforms
Facebook have use so many memories ram in my phone, and its always laggy, now i have to instal facebook messanger, what is point having facebook app that can't chat?
its my 3rd download for last 2 mnth, bcoz of yovr messanger. i don like another apps Thats has the same features... no to messenger.
please remove the facebook messanger
Facebook
The picture load so slow, i check my connection, and it's good. So why? Please repair it.
sits at setting up forever app locks up frequently need to go back like it was before upgrading
Every update so far has fixed something but broke something else. when I want to watch a video, it constantly says it can't!!
Same again
Creo que debr mejorar detalles
Good application
Facebook has now enlarged itself so that it keeps locking up and shutting down on my phone which is not old and the only tool for internet I have. Mainly because of the freaking ads!!!!! You are so already on my do-do list it won't take much more to delete you permanently. Change or fall by the wayside. I know I'm not alone.
It doesn't play my video's!
I like ittttt
Hi
Now who doesn't love Facebook y'all
It is very good
My videos will not play correctly. My personal videos play offline with no problem. Please correct this.
Greatest way to keep in touch
my data usage has gone through the roof since update removing app
N
Good
It's a good app
O.k.
I scroll and a video come it makes it stop
Constantly freezes and stops loading
Facebook app is crashing every min literally EVERY MINUTE FIX IT !!!!!!!!!!!
I like it
Pointless
Appalling how invasive you guys are becoming and the permission to go through our phones without our knowledge is just ew. And the messenger app is the worst!!!! Would give a zero if I could!
Balu maddila
I love facebook but you seriously need to stop with that messaging app crap.. i dont want to have to download a different app just to view my messages so if you can fix that thank you
The best
Legend
Slow and don't like that you guys are pushing us into getting the messenger app! DUMB
This app has so many problems I don't even know where to start from but I will write the last I encountered which is problems with video playback it crashes or stops or doesn't start at all
nice
Good
Kafle
Kicking me off
Its all good
After the update it keeps shutting down
ko
Cant message PeoPle really stupid
Good app no problems
Its not allowing me to finish watching a short video.. It'll pop up that something went wrong... Please fix for a higher rate..
Watching a good game...lets go Broncos...be glad when back
This app sucks more with every update.
Notifications
I've given up with this app now despite having used it a lot in the past.  They stripped out messenger (why?) And now they have removed the option to choose "Most recent" in the newsfeed. They have destroyed the app,  so it's gone in the bin.
From 2 days the app goes f**k....... Setting up for Facebook setting up for Facebook... Do something.......
Slow and laggy
connecting our future
Apps sucks on Android, I hate having to use the messenger to look at emails, I wish Facebook would just fix it once and leave it alone. all these updates and changing everything get very frustrating. Right now I am just using the app for notifications, and checking everything via Firefox browser or my laptop. The surveys we all have done recently have been for nothing, like my status states this sucks!!!!!!!!!!!!
Force stops everytime I open it, this only occurred after recent update.
I used to love this app  until it updated.  My phone crashes all the time, facebook stays on all the time even when your not on it and when you view something you get taken back to the begining of the news feed.  Facebook sort your app out! Otherwise i am keeping your app off my phone.  Bring back the older version it was much better!
Fak da polis
cant
Fix this and it gets 5 stars again 
M.kishor Kumar
Awsome
videos keep crashing
Sprint s5
Continuously freezes,  is adding words I'm not typing when I post or comment. Seems to take forever to navigate to a page. Facebook is becoming MySpace,  and that's not a good thing.
New apps downloaded have.lost facebook completely. Why?
Malik
Good
Good
Why its not compatible to xperia e1 update.?
Its not letting me redownload and isn't working properly
Love It
Hmmmm I think this is awesome!
First of all number 1 you guys keep updating Facebook and its making it worse and worse and worse it force closes all the time and I'm sick of it if you do not improve I will uninstall Facebook every time you click on Facebook it force closes it takes me about 20 times to get on so ya need to fix this Facebook I have a question has anybody else had any problems with Facebook buging out
Emm bagus la
Freezes then crashes all the time now. Messages wont show up or send correctly it lags behind...notifications arent showing up sometimes...
Social media
Great
It is slow. It frequently stalled.
Nothing to say... Facebook was a great sosial apps..
I love the new design
Get information and news faster than.
Updates eat up my storage and can't free up any space
I love it. I just don't understand why we have to install messenger in order to see our messages. Some people just don't have enough space on their phone
Go back to the old one
Love this app
Wat ebts
Goooooooood
To slow. ...
Xs
Need a few things and little bugs fixing  beside that itz great
Why do u need a app to read messages for an app that already Done this!!! I dnt care about quickness!!! My personal information is Wat it states personal!!!!!!
The latest update causes the app to freeze up. Even after logging out of Facebook and logging in, it continues to have the same issues. I also hate the fact that you can't tab your friends as before. For example, friends, family and so on or to change the notifications settings for your friends as you could before. Some friends just load up the page and you can't modify that anymore. This new update is going backwards.
Nice and good app
One star because this app asks too many permissions
Very good
My news feed will not load for these last couple days please fix the problem asap!! Ever since the update its not even doing any good to go on fb
Fritzing out so badly it will not work. Uninstalled, will not reinstall. Error 24?
I jest got an update on facebook and now it won't load all the way. It keep loading and then it gose to a black screen and then says facebook is not responing PLEASE FIX
Es una mierda tiene virus k caga el selu.
I like this apps
Speed up
This app sucks on note 3
Elizabeth
I trusted Facebook since I was Elementary. But for this time, it really fades! I can't access properly. It'll force to stop :( Please fix those.
It sucks can't watch no video's since I updated
Ni kok ya diak
Video not playing error
Devasagayam p vinkar
Everytime i play a video it stops a and it shows the message "an error has occured while playing the video". Happened since the update. Please fix. TY
Fully hppy
Facebook
Notification don't work :(
Keeps On Unexpectedly Closing
It sucks it takes sooo long to open. Im like looking at a white screen with a blue bar at the top waiting soo annoying
Its sight
Very intrusive accessing all of your personal data.
Its very2 good
Bug. Fixed.
Excellent
Can't adjust the font size, is there is any way to adjust the font size of litters? It is very Hard to read
love it!!..
Love keeping in touch with my grandkids
Keeps force closing. Over and over again. Also hate the forced messenger.
World's good bit game request suck.
my sync contacts option is not available.
It always automatically quits everytime I open it pls fix this I will give you better RATINGS! Thank You
Love it
Very nice
Just keep it up...
Excellent
As a lot of others have said, there is no point in making us download a different app just to see our messages. The WORST update you could ever make. Why? I liked it just fine before you guys screwed the messaging up. And i gotta click on my notificationg 3-10 times to bring them up. There's really no point to this app anymore.
To slow
Keeps shutting down
Ever since the update it force closes every other time.
Eye in the sky
Should probably remove the "can message/group chat" line in the description seeing as you can't do that anymore from this specific app.  Also, there is no "Add Friend" functionality on L for the Nexus 5 or 7.
Superb design
What's up
Wonderful
Bad update! Get it together. . A bunch of idiots working in this application.
Fb
Facebook
Its cool
Good
Yoy people who have issues are just dumb and dont know how to use a smartphone

Omg Facebook on the fun is so much fun when I'm out and I wanna check on Facebook I can do it straight on my phone there's no glitches nothing except. when it got updated it started to freeze and I have to wait 1 min for it to UN freeze plz fix but other wise I love it
I don't if this happens to everyone but it freezes sometimes and I have to wait to keep looking through the news feed the only reason why I use the app is because the internet version won't let me tag...
I hate that I was forced to download another app just to get messages. Smdh whoever thought of that is stupid when keeping the social media happy.
Social media
Liked it
Can't get it
Best
Love it
Videos crash
I love Facebook its better than calling and texting u see wat ur friends are doing :-)

Dont like the fact that now in order to msg ppl on Fb i have to download a separate msngr app. And if i don't,  i cant read msgs i get sent to me. Not cool.
It is good for your
Love it <3
Fuckin app..
The updated Facebook is user friendly. I would like to see a option similar to the Like button opposite to it
Awesome
Good
Nice
Great app easy to use I love it
Nothing uploads as fast as it used to. You ask for to much private information.
Why can't I read messages anymore? I don't want another app just to read messages. It annoys me so much I am writing this review. I usually don't write reviews. Facebook is getting worse with every update. Seriously, fk you.
Tidal Bisa di download. Selalu berhenti di 50%
I hate the new messanger app! Why can't they just keep it simple instead of forcing us to install a large app when they know phones might slow from it?!
Facebook
Uhmmm. Yea
Good
I love Facebook except for the time the app will freeze but other than that i still love you
Keeps closing when you try to look at comments from friends. Hate facebook.
The new update doesn't play videos properly on my Sony experia z 1. Will get to a point in the video and wont play anymore from there even if it has loaded.
App freezes and crashes every time I turn it on and that is ridiculous
MY FACEBOOK APP ISNT WORKING AT ALL PLEASE FIX THIS MESS
Kayu
Stealing personal data
Crashes every time it is opened.
Needs work
I cannot change my news feed to view most recent. I HATE viewing top stories. So the only time I use this app is for direct photo shares. Otherwise I stick to using the mobile site. Which isn't as mobile user friendly as the app. But until I can select Recent Posts. I will not be using this.
niceeee
Its ok
They keep making changes, most don't seem to be helpful. And now I can't see messages without a separate message app.
Facebook
Helper of Google and facebook foundoation
Malyalm
To slow
Go on it :-P
Not what it use to be it sucks...
Fb, since last update videos won't play, when will you fix this issue
I  love Facebook.
Face book needs to step back on data collection and all the extra things added in the back ground in this app.
Luv this app
Farooqkhan
Please update the app there are no comments edit options
Sux
Facebook is a great app and I thank Mark Zuckerberg  for creating this wonderfull app...Great Job..
Stops at 93%
Cannot type username and password during linking to instagram, twitter etc. It will just go to facebook page but cannot input username and password since the keyboard wont pop up.

Description
I left my phone alone for 4 hours for it to try to upload a measly 20 second video, all to find out afterwards that it didn't do squat. However, everything else works fine.
Ever since I downloaded the latest update, facebook keeps freezing up and I have to close out the app. Disappointing to say the least.
Make how was before simple
Awesome and fast
It nice I can keep up with friends near and for
In-app browser sucks, give us a way to opt out

Stops without notice!!!
Nice
No Comment
Pls fix this ASAP.
Most of the time it hangs up..
Yo
Greyt
This app freezes up on me a lot! Needs a btr search engine w more options for search.
Thanks
Great much faster
I lv it
Toope
I have a Samsung tablet and for some reason facebook has become unresponsive so please sort it out :(
It lags or I have to restart but nice app!
It sucks and always not responding and its seem like this particular issue with this particular phone is not being addressed and I hope it does get solved asap
I hate this app first of all the old facebook style was better than this one and second this app doesnt show comments to me i update my news feed 5 to 6 time then it shows the comment or by clicking again and again on comment it shows this is so annoying
FB no longer in sync with contacts....it sucks
Seige
Love
I love it
Nice 1
Neeraj
It doesn't let me message people no matter what I do ._. It says for me to download messenger but I deleted cuz what everyone's been saying about it so yeah can u fix the messaging for the facebook app
Loading problem Dan be4 version!!
Matebese
The thing I hate the most is the stupid messenger app I hate it. It's better the other way were you can read your messages from the Facebook app can you please change it back. The Facebook messenger is worthless  because when you get a message it notifys you but doesn't show up on the messages.
Good
Superb.... Some new features are superb...
I have been using it in my xperia m without much flaws until recently i noticed i couldn't play videos to their completion,if you do fix the bug it would be of great help and would surely give another two stars.thanks.
I hate messenger. Like...ehy is is nesasary. Invasion of privacy and just extra junk on my phone. Deleting it
¡î¡ï¡î¡ï¡î¡ï¡î¡ï¡î¡ï¡î¡ï¡î¡ï¡î¡ï¡ï¡ï¡î¡ï¡î¡ï¡ï¡ï¡î¡ï¡ï¡ï¡î¡ï¡î¡ï¡ï¡ï¡î¡ï¡ï¡ï¡ï
Even though it freezes alot
Every time I try to open out either force closes our doesn't respond
Love it
So yeah this is the android Facebook app, the app is fine clean, crisp, clear but so menu "permissions" which kinda makes me suspect something! Facebook?
The app is ok, but everytime i post a photo comment i cant see it.
It won't update properly doe :( but other than that yep
948
Sabir
Not to bad
Excellent
I can do every thing with it
Simpangempat
Great
App
Great fun !!!
Shashporan
Facebook
Since last update Facebook is using over 50% of my battery each day and I'm hardly on there. Buggy as hell, videos stop playing after a few seconds. Won't even get on the topic of messenger. Uninstalling until fixed.
It just sits at the screen saying setting up Facebook.. would like to actually use the app
Like
Messing up
Chrashes everytime I use messenger.. and by the way, I hate the messenger

Excellent
Never had this much trouble on my space.  Hmmmm
Loved it
Izz awsm
Constantly said setting up after update and a reinstall got an error 24. Thanks for nothing Facebook!
Alex
Keeps not responding and freezing when I use it
Not bad nice work
Ever since the last update it kicks me off and says it has stopped working... EVERY TIME! So basically I cant go on facebook anymore unless I go through the Internet... Fix or I will delete
new varison is bakwas old varison is best
Messenger should have stayed in the fb app. I'll only use it through web browser, I won't d/l it. FB app is constantly freezing, "not responding," and kicking off the app. Disappointing lately. I'm only re-installing because I need it for my game's log-in..
Creepy
It gets stuck but i can deal with that
You know it is best social network side but thish app is not working good but features available are more it best with one way but not with ather way
Good!!!
I keep getting the same notifications over and over. Even after I read them, they still pop up on the screen.
New update sucks. I don't want to see stuff from weeks ago, I want to see stuff from today. Whoever keeps making these 'improvements' should have been fired years ago, each 'improvement' has been worse. Bring back the messaging feature
It was good.
Don't like the level of access it demands
why it is necessary in updated version of fb that fb massenger should install after some time? I dont have much space in my phone storage. Thats y I have uninstall updates of its. Bt than its working is very slow. So please do something.
I would really appreciate if I could see the albums on a page and post a picture directly to an album. Please
awesome
Doesn't load right. Update is horrible
When I try to send a message it said no network and I have FULL!!!!!Bars >:(
Thanks
Nyc
It keeps shutting down I've uninstalled
I like the new interface, but the fact that I can't make in my news feed "most recent" the default option and that while in most recent I keep getting notifications in red from top stories is really annoying!!
Link
Love it
HTC ANDROID its pointless to have such a good app if it keeps crashing, UNINSTALLING
Bloated, slow, unreliable. When you hire devs, you should make sure they know how to code more advanced things that BASIC and HTML.
Jj
Insists on installing messenger app.  Uninstalled app gone back to browser.
Add "move to sd card option".
Excellent
I have noticed
Lovely
Whenever I try to chat, it asks me to install the Messenger. I DON'T WANT TO! And there is no way I can reject installing it. Are you kidding me?
Everytime I open 30 seconds later force close...
lml,
Won't even let me open the app.
I dont like so many permission. Why do you need so many permissions ???
Alot of trouble.  If u can fix it, i will fix the rate soon
Me and highschool friends unit
Hate it
Why need messenger... For messaging
Rg
Please sort crashing issues, inability to play videos in app and general gitteryness!! Sony Xperia Z2
Facebook this
Facebook
The old Facebook is better than the messenger app I really want the old Facebook back but  The Messenger app there's not enough privacy I am just tired of people being in my business so I am giving this 3 stars if you can do better than that I'll give you 5
No matter how many updates are done my videos always mess up either don't play at all  or never load that plus it's always crashing absolutely shocking!
Jst perfect...jst minimise d extent of data usage coz it consumes ample amount of data
I cant get in my fb account
excellent browser for fb
Ever since the latest update, the app just keeps setting up the app all the time. And it's using up to 100 MB of memory ... Please fix. :)
It will not let. Me up gtade
Program Just shuts down ?
Hdhshfjs
Since updating so that people are forced to install messenger, nothing loads, everything is slow and it's all around a terrible app now. You should definitely look into making an update that doesn't render the app useless. Thanks Zuckerberg.
It take a really long time to install so can you fix so I  can give the rate as 5
This app is fantastic
Salam
Prefer older version
It's very easy to use
Normal
I can never watch videos without the error cannot play video message coming up...needs attention Xperia Z
This app is rly awesome, cheack it out guys
Profile nt showing plzzz fix
Good
Forcing us to download the messenger app is going to make not want to use fb no more. If it doesn't change I'm going to delete it.
I just deleted the app due to messenger. I have no need to text my 45th cousin twice removed. If I wanted to do that I would give them my phone number. I was also annoyed with messenger putting popups on my phones home screen with no way to disable the function.
Wont play 2/3's of videos for more than 20 sec without saying unknown error and stopping the video ibhave a Sony Xperia z2
Fantastic app good efforts for updates
Better now
I can not use this
Since FB intergrated its Messenger into its FB app, I've been having issues with the FB app freezing when using it on my GS3. This is most annoying when I'm trying to use the app for a quick check-in. Please do something to resolve this issue.
Good
My family and friends
School bus company
Always doing I'm more off than I am on the web site.no reason to download the messenger for those things I already get.not sure what's going on but fb isn't like it use to be.seriously thinking about switching to Twitter.thanks Laura l Stanley
mule
I love Facebook
Osm
Hello all of a few years of a few days of a few days ago and it was a great way to the other hand, I think it was
Great.
polatebqehtoc
its amazing
Facebook
Keeps crashing and the terms are BS. Barely use this any more, FB is too much like big brother watching.
Its nice and fun
Best friend...
Love you Facebook
Great
First off, let me say that I don't ever rate apps cause I don't like spending time writing reviews, rather just enjoy using it. Since the update not only has facebook slowed everything down but forcing me to switch over soon to an app that can literally live my own life for me is no better.. the messaging part takes forever to type a message cause it lags out everytime. I have to force stop it to even send a message.. tagging does not function properly nor does the time line load properly.
Shakeel123
Oh and facebook messenger is way ahead of this. Ahead of it's competitors too in some cases. Learn and follow.
Great app its fast fun and easy to use!!!
Hiiii it's funny
Mm
139704
Now better,,
Nyc apps
Since updating fb loads slooooow.. spins hangs and shuts down constantly. I don't see the benefit in it.
Raj khashu
Nice
Good
Hate how it closes every five seconds now ! Should really get fixed
Facebook is getting worse! Every video we try to watch on facebook it says unknown error unable to play video. And it's not just on my phone that it does it.It's so annoying.sort it out
Mpanjal
Can't read my messages after I updated plz fix
Download if you don't care if Facebook can access every piece of information in your phone. Contacts messages passwords and websites you visit
Beter
Foot range of accessibility !
Com
Found it quick an ea¡ìy to use .
My Family and friends
Facebook
Awesome
Facebook company make enough money from using &  passing on our details,so THEY should be paying us for installing this!!!! Am looking forward to another update that works, and has a smaller footprint. Size of app is concerning!!!!!
Abbab
Ever since the previous update, the facebook app causes my phone to run slowly then freeze up. Now after downloading this recent update,  it freezes up and causes my phone to reboot on its own (@ random ). Please find someway to fix this. The iPhone app doesn't have this issue. We android users deserve better than this piece of sh*t app.
slow
Don't like that it has to access all my info including text.
Good
Fb
Good and interesting app for new generation
Unfollow notifications does not work. Permissions ask to use camera wothout you even know which is just dumb. Forcing people to download the Messenger app is stupid but its permissions aren't really any worse than Facebooks.
Every since the latest update, this app crashes constantly.  I get the force stop, or report option.   The longest it stays open is a minute.  I've only had this problem for the last 3 days or so.  I've uninstalled, reinstalled, uninstalled updates..  The basic version that came with the phone runs fine, but I cannot access my groups with it.
Very very much
What have you done!? Can't watch a single clip without an error coming up and the clip stopping half way through!  Sort it!
If u have an older version,  uninstall it and then download the new version to avoid any freeze issues.
Facebook Connect
Keeps crashing
Good
I dont want to have the stupid messangoer as a mandatory "upgrade" !! Go f**k yourself Facebook
My veiw
it so cool cxii
U
Goddd
It not working on my mbl aftr updating,
Will most like do fb altogether.  Really enjoyed it until now,  gross invasion of privacy.
The apps is terrible. If I could give it 0 stars I would. The news feeds are days old. U don't get new notifications of New statuses. I tried to uninstall this late update and it reverts to the origional Fb of 2012. What the hell fix this horrible app
Good
Yossef joe
I reported that error opening videos occurs and can't get no response. Uninstalled it and reinstalled still problem exists.
Facebook
The update will not allow me to do anything it keeps foece closing on me
I lve this app
(Y)
Using S5 Active (brand new phone no excuse for this) App is crashing like crazy again...and also while scrolling through my feed it will just randomly move or scroll to the top of the feed, I want to move my feed not have it move by it self...can't wait for the day I just Delete Facebook all together...Update 8/23/14 Still crashing and still moves my feed by its self...WHY????????
I can't even say.. because it  more than fantastic
I'm login through web browser is better than ths1....good but nt awesome yr..!!!
This new fb, !! Sucks!  It freezes all the time! All that money youll have and can't fix this! REALLY ! We don't have money on this, SO GET YOUR CRAP ,TOGETHER!
Sorry guys but its not even a real book, very misleading name
Worst app.
The app is killing my data with this autoplay crap. Please make an option to fix this. Once it is resolved ill give a 4 or 5
Love it
IT STUCKS ALL THE TIME!! TOTALLY HATING IT.. as we update the more it stucks!! -.-
Can't upload the video that suck.
An useful world's link
Good...
i must download massenger to open chat god takes you mark
Profile pic looks very small, chat button at right top corner.... Feels uneasy to reach in wide screen phones
ANDROID  user. Nice work  developers.
Just to use the messages have to download messenger when it shouldn't be that way. Besides that uploads take forever and it also makes you go to the very top all by itself! Rrally dislike Facebook anymore!
Easy to navigate
Hh
It getting better
Latest version is than older to handle.
Patel
Continously locking up and having to force close, I've uninstalled and reinstalled, no luck. App just keeps getting worse and worse. I have uninstalled until an update is issued.
It is a very slow app i dnt like the previous version is much better thn this
Uliyadan
Hmm really really awesome app to stay in touch with buddies all the time
This app won't let me watch fb videos on my new LG G3, extremely annoying.please fix!
After last upgradation...its not working on my Android....
Note3 is excellent

This is a lot worse than messanger. It can record your audio, take pictures of you, read and change your texts, send out events you have in your calendar on your phone to people in your email all without your consent plus a lot more all because you clicked 'yes' to the terms and agreements. If you dont believe me check in your phone settings. Go to your apps, click on facebook app and if you go far enough down you will find everthing that it can do atleast on a G3 you can
Forced to download messenger uninstalled
Upgrade the best for download video
Awsme
Its the most third class app I have seen> and the size of it > I don't get it > usually errors comes .. App crashes is nothing new.. Its time limit is a week.. And after a week it has to be deleted and then reinstalled.. I wish there were a symbol to be ticked to show how worst app this is !! Whosoever built it > I must say u have wasted your time :/
Not uploading photos!!  Tried 3 different ways. Ugh.
Cannot read recent feeds easily :@
Fix this app OT keeps kicking ME off
I loved it and liked so so much
where is news feed change recent setting? -_-
Can't finish download
This MaKeS mE GrEAt..!!!!
Doesn't respond and its also slow.
It should look like IOS Facebook people would like it more I think
It won't let me download it
I like this face book
Cool app
Goooooooooooooooooooooood foooooor me
Hey
It hangs your samsung galaxy star pro
B
Ok
I see why people hate Facebook messenger apps it's has the same problem too. And I don't know why you record other people  Facebook
Nyc really nyc
Www
Good
Not so cool anymore
Cant watch videos on my wall. They keep stopping halfway through... Please fix this
After update and update the Facebook apps now very laggy and force close all the time. Pls improve..
good facebok
Videos won't play used to but now just come up with unknown error. This is a common problem a lot of people are having sort it out Facebook as videos are a large percentage of posts
When I made my previous profile pic as my profile pic by using make profile pic option, new photo of the same old photo got uploaded and I can't see the old likes and comments..+ stop notification for the post is not working.
went out today purchased this tablet tried to install it did BUT when i go in it dumps me out. grant it, its a cheap tab. it still should work
Phaka chuene Lincan
Is a crap app takes ages to load n it doesnt work quite alot
An option to make your facebook only open for a one device until that device 'okays' other devices to log onto their facebook would be helpful.  This would prevent hackers to get onto your facebook profile.  This could be put as just an option so not everyone would have to use it.
It is very good
Hate this lastest update. Why must I have the messenger app to do what the facebook app used to do. Its irritating when you have multiple messages going on to have to drag and exit the other conversations
I like this b'cos this app  joind me everybdy
Its very good accuont
good
Sweet
Every time,I watch a video, there is an error.
app keeps force closing
Good one. .
Smarts
Error loading news and feeds and no internet connection
Excellent Social Media. Thanks...
Needs a lot of updates
Facebook :-D
Its ok not that good but i will give 4 stars
The latest update has ruined the app for me, why do I need two time lines? Most recent will do why do I want to read some days old in a news feed? App now binned big brother gone mad check out the permission list
good
Rather just shortcut a internet conection to the website than the app .it works but not user friendly and verry restricted
Messages should be standard!
Ok
I can get new friend by this app...
I would like this option for the app. Now I have to go to the desktop site....boo! Update: 8/23 LG G2 Stops downloading at 93% WHY??
Liked it
The facebook app for ios and androids google play really does keep you connected with your friends and people you are subscribed to... But I feel it is time a for a new interface again to make it even more simple to navigate through the app.
Suprb ....
Poo
12345 asd
Good communication
how to delate facbook acount ???
Very nice application.
Can't play videos sometimes and sometimes it stops and says "Unkown Error"
Fb
I'm fine with messages not being apart of the app but you should just get rid of the tab completely. I dislike seeing I have a message when I know I do.
Gud app to get in touch with friends
Ayee
Disgusting app. Still is S-L-O-W........... refresh. Messenger forced to use against my will. The taging of pictures is still confusing. N the profile n info shutter on right needs to be on left.
Frame
The best app

Its amazing guys
Video is throwing exception after it start to play in few seconds.
All is very good ...
It annoys me..its not responding and just saying facebook is setting up..fix this pls!!
Facebook
Awsm
Eggselentay
Love it
Very good app to keep in touch with friends
Great app, no problems at all whatsoever!!!
Love
I  cannot replied to the comments directly on the pages I am following with . .. better to log in using internet browser cause it's really disgusting. Can't you fixed it ??? And it always occupied almost half of my phone memory so I have to reset my phone for how  many times and download this again and this is really for the Nth time I have to reset my phone. Samsung Galaxy Y with 2GB built in memory and download this app and a game. Two downloads only but this Facebook for Android occupies bigger!!!!
App keeps shutting down and my phone is now playing up! Thanks Facebook! you suck! Would give 0 star if i could!
Hi fd how are you
Aye
after last update epic fail
New updates love it
Great ride!
Its good but not better than instagram
I am no longer able to upload pictures from my phone
ibadon
Update video call

Nice
Nice software I like it
Won't pull up app since new update.
After update can't play any video's...,,
Pradeep dewvedi
Fb
Amazing
makes my.smarthphone get slower
Shuvamkumar
#I like it #I like it #I like it
Matha fucka im ill
33856896
When can we put emoji s in comments please get this
Jor
Good
Good
For the older version
No update last 2 weeks i m trying but no update.
Uses way too much memory (RAM), even when I'm logged out and the app is closed. Uninstalled it and got my RAM back. Using the browser from now on.
Loses your place when you return to app after clicking a link. Opens to notifications screen so it can show me old notifications I've already seen. Sluggish performance. Becoming more frustrating to use with every update.
Thanx
loved it
Intaling
I like it...
Why in this Fb app there is no menu option for viewing "My Note", I can only see my friend's note and write a new note, but can't read my previous notes. :(
Best Facebook application for my Galaxy Note 2 android 4.2.2...
Absolute shite
goooooooooooooooooooood
jus k
Mia. Travis.
unable to download facebook
Privacyy
Good
Worked fine till today. Program force close since update. Reinstalling fail -24 unknown error during installation. Now cannot access Facebook.
app
I likes facebook still it is a very popular app in social networking.
Nis
Superb
Easy to USE...
Good
The updates work now I absolutely luv it
Normal
So many help in this application
I love the graphics design
Super
Whenever I attempt to watch a video on Facebook it will either freeze, Facebook will crash, the video will not start and flash a message on my screen saying that the video is unable to load and there is a problem, or I will start to watch the video and I will be cut out with this message and am unable to continue viewing. Please could you sort this as it is extremely aggravating and inconvenient, thank you.. Five stars if this is fixed
Good
Best
Not playing videos. Bad
First, give my old inbox back pls. It's not fast like what u said, really. The old inbox is good enough to use. It's faster than that new inbox app. Lag, lag n lag even i connected a-strong-wifi. Second, i cant tag my friends on my stt or comments @@. Why? I think u should fix these, or people will uninstall this app bcuz it's not good anymore. Thanks.
Lvn t
It's ok
I love fbok
Supperb app
Works good
Sahil
Mayan
Hey
Working well
The update doesnot wotk on my phone.
itx gud bt Got stUck fo sme timex
Evry time to very slow open facebook
It's good
I'm facing issue with my Sony ZR as it never finishes a video and gives me error
I love FB
Very smooth browing
Always I got "facebook is not respondig"
I love Facebook!
Excellent
Being Worser and worser ...very very slow and lags and eats toooo much of storage!!!
Y does it not work .. before it works wat is tis
Vry nyc
Ihave download facebook more than 2tyms but it not there
Nic
Nice
Facebook-have reset login repeatedly since 8/11. Says it's reset. Then wants me to reset password again. Now wants my driver's license!!! Not happy
V nice
Since last update whenever I try to open app on my Xperia T keeps saying that it is not responding, please fix asap x
Fb very good search engian in fraind cercile
Like
I found it excellent in operating and running just superb...
Their is no person.Ki uske pass phone ho or facebook na ho. It's so good.
Great
Great social networking
Is okay don't like the fact I have to update and install another app to use my messenger I think that is so uncalled for
Messenger in the Facebook needs to be fixed. Not downloading a separate app just to get my messages.
What's the problem I can't download Facebook .I will rate 5 if I download Facebook fully ok
love it
Imposible ver un video en esta cosa! Ah! Pero que tal la reproducci¨®n autom¨¢tica...?! Mal por los desarrolladores de Facebook. Soluci¨®n!
Otg
Samsung Galaxy S2 updated my Facebook app but everytime I open it it doesn't let me scroll nor check anything it crashes and force closes on me. Deleted the app because of this PLEASE FIX SOON!
Force close is really a buzz kill. Too many problems after the last update.
It crashes every time I click it. Fb is becoming a bunch of bull. I think its bout to be like MySpace ..  irrelevant!
Help me to chat to my friendss love itt.....
Nice
Good
You would have gotten a better review but since the newest update Facebook keeps crashing. I'm not impressed in the least bit. The new app for instant messenger sucks too and is junk.
I download this onto my LG Optimus and it wont open, wasted so many MBs re doing it zzzz pmtfo!
Why do I need to download that stupid annoying messenger to chat hate those retarded pop up balloons everywhere.
It's my life
The update sucks
Works perfectly on my Version 4.2. But the only annoying stuff is making necessary for us to hv dat messenger b4 accesing our messages, plsss dat thin is always not respondin and its makin de whole book boring. Thanks facebook team.
So..so..
it's lovely app
It is awesome
its not letting me upload videos anymore
After the dumb update all it does is crash. Fix this asap. Uggh
Yo its is asome
Friendship
.  runs much better these days.
Awesome
Amazing
Superb app:-)
itna bekar apps to dekha hi nai khabhi maine falti hai .. i am using samsung tab3  its not working and hanging my tab wriiting that unforttly  stoped
Great for family, friends and sports
Bad
Good
I can either watch the video without sound directly from my newsfeed or click on the video to get a frozen picture of the video on my newsfeed with the sounds. So long story short, the video player sucks.
Nice application
This is foolish Facebook stop working
Nice
Force close every time i load news feed wtf get it fixed
Facebook
Love It
Now I can post pictures. Good. And I can reply to a specific person on page posts.
Yep awesome
Gajendra singh panwar
Mohd  abrar
this is good!!
Boring
Very good
Very Nice APP
I refuse to have two Facebook apps on my phone.  Messenger needs to remain integrated with the main app!
It is easy to use and fun for thouse of you that like vines
PLEASE FIX IT
I love this app. There are too many updates.
It logs me out whenever I send a friend request :-( fix the bug
I get an error message half way through 99% of the videos I try to watch on the Facebook app on my Sony Experia Z1 tablet. It's strange seeing as my Z1 runs all other apps out there like a dream and has never had a problem playing videos from the Internet or any other app at all. Facebook, maybe its time to get the basics right instead of wasting everybodys time with pointless updates.
Love it
I would use any alternative if i could find one.
I can't watch videos 90% of the time. My Facebook app crashes on my kindle fire HD but none of my other devices. I have tried uninstalling and have factory reset my kindle. If I can get full functionality again I will re-rate this app!
Vats
Top app
Facebook is pretty awesome!!!!
Great!
if i do any thung it shut  help me
Keep my big brother quite
Excellent
Hr
"Using to much of my battery and cpu" the application clean master says it always makes my phone very hot and that doesn't usually happen before
I wannalove it,and it is a good apps for android zone,,but one of the problem is needed to work a larger mb
Says "setting up Facebook" and never finishes. This sucks!
every week need update,waste time..
Awsm
eats a lot of ram and memory.. makes my phone laggy
I just Love it
Can't log in
Fb
Fecbook
I love it is the best
So bad version
The best
Very good apps!!!
Ok
Notifications for messages, but no ability to read them?
Nice
Better then others
why i need to downloas messenger???
Pradeep dewvedi
YASEER
Frainds
I love it
Just checking it
i like it
Exelent
Any video i played on my newsfeed always stop, and keep displaying an error. "Sorry an unknown error occured while trying to play this video." This is so dissapointing.
It's okay but it almost occupy my whole device memory. Kindly fix it, make it smaller and I'll make it 5 stars. Thanks
Good
Thanks
Doesn't want to stay open. I go to click on a friends page and it will close or I'll just be trying to scroll Down on my feed and it'll close.  This App is getting worse and worse with each update
Irfankhan
Sirji  poker pe aap aise option dale ki kisi ko block kr sake aur wo kum se kum 10/20/30day tak block rahe kyo ki poker me desh ke name aur  bahan ke name gali di jati hai so khelne me  pblm hoti hai ...aap se requst hai ki aise logo ki  jab tak moblie no aur sorry requst na dale to use hamesa ke liye id block kr de plz
Good morning.
So I have never really had a problem with facebook until now. It just freezes and then kicks me off and sends a little error message saying "Unfortunately, facebook has stopped." All my other apps are fine and I did turn my device off and on again. It's been a few days and it's very frustrating.  The app is fine on my phone. I have no problems,  but my tablet is the issue. I pretty much cant use it at this point, but I prefer to use my tablet for my apps. :( I'm just really sad!
it's good...not excellent, reason sometimes its creat many trouble,that time like does not act.
Nice better than last  facebook
It keeps saying I can't install it because I don't have anymore space on my phone, when my phone has tons of space
Update Sucks Makes My Phone Slow Nd It Always Says That Login Expired Plzz Fix
Lags so bad, Scroll down a few seconds and everything quits loading. needs another new update. Its too slow & lags while scrollin. Always freezes & closes out too much..FIX PLEASE?!?!?!
Veri nice programe
Its not working
If it ain't broke, it don't need fixing. Don't like change.
Dv
Ok
Simply fantastic
Its good to me
I won't give 5 stars until I can share videos/photos through messages. On the Facebook Mobile website, I click "share" and see "Send as message" on the option list. I don't see that option when clicking "share" in this app.
Much needed apps... but it is not faster.. pic uploding r wrost... 3rd class apps
good
Why do we need to install messenger? And by force. Then the gps automatically turn on when i use messenger even if i disable the gps on messenger settings and phone settings.
Its an amazing app
never updates
J
Good
I can barely send messages in here,  it lags and types so slow and glitches.  I do not want messenger,  it takes to much battery up,  please fix this and quit forcing me to download messenger
Need to fix videos keeps coming up error and stops videos about 5 seconds into them
Since the last update it keeps crashing. 
If I will post something it will say " 1 hour ago " instead of saying "just now" I NEED HELP. I am using experia E1
It is OK I is it  and i will share
love it
I reinstalled this app cause it keeps shutting down!! Still doing the same thing please fix!!
Too invasive. Global big brother can get lost.
Unable to play videos in Facebook app whenever i click on any video the app gets closed automatically
This is very good
I like the simplicity, but I think the size needs to be smaller.
Facebook
I like it.
facebook
I am not able to deactivate my online status on chat. It doesn't allow me to click on the bottom or any other options.
Hai
Best
poor
Facebook Connect's me to my old friends and also creates new friends. Great........ I love Facebook.
Good app
I love this app
Hoo
Awesome like prussia
It never shows anything

The best
Best
These updates show in what's new that big fixes and increase of app speed but never experienced..!!
Awesome
Good
Since the last update it keeps crashing and the app is forced to close.
Good one
Nice
Good
Superb
I cant play a video or if i play a video a few second it automatic stop or force stop fix it i will give a five star if it fix already
I did not found my Facebook on my application
Please fix the error messages now in this main app! Error messages include "no Internet connection" or "can't load" or "try again" this only happened once the separation started. I even deleted both apps and reinstalled them. I deleted messenger for the last week and just dealt with the error messages only on the main app. Well now I have put the new messenger back on and it works perfectly again! But now the main app needs to be debugged
When send someone a friend request it says session expired and log me out and I login again but I get the same error
Good
Awesome
Needs too many unnecessary permissions.
Sum tymz its too slow
Won't upload pics, vids, and won't share other posts anymore.
Good job
Likes fishing
I cnt view my video,,
Very excellent
I'll go to upload a video and it'll disappear..
What happened FB?? It's always crashed. I cant browse?! I cant see anything in my notifications! Its always stopped!!! Pls fix it..tnx.
can tagged the names in comments
I am use to the newest version, no complaints except certain extras and options not accessible.....the newest update crashes more times than not, will freeze my phone and make the screen inoperable. Fix with update please!!!
Very bad
yuanyuanlee
Nice app
Brilliant
I am the 1
Just ok
good
Really most viewed
Nice
Its awesome
Love it
Love love
Star
Facebook n messager take too much memory space. Unfortunately have to keep away from messenger. No other option with me.
awesome
Simple awesome... apps
One thing I hate is clicking on links, it brings them to your browser and then when you go back you lost your spot in the newsfeed. Pintrest opens the pages in the app, not your browser and I like that.
Nice app I loved it..
loved it
This garbage can't be uninstalled.
I'm using sony z2 and it fails when every time i try to watch a video. It plays a few seconds then a window comes out "sorry, but an error occurred while you trying to watch this video ". It never been fixed every updates. Is this the only problem for sony user? Please fix it asap. I'll give 5 stars back.
Good
can you please fix it. I can't see if who is online.
Nice apps
Considered
I've installed and uninstalled this app 3 times because an error shows up. It says i have to force close the app. Happens every time i open this app. 1 star since i cant use it.
Every time I open the app it will work for about 20 seconds then crash and make me reset my entire phone. GET IT FIXED.
OK
Awesome app
Gooooodddddd
J
Works fine
Facebook is updated bt d pics r of n older version
Facebooks and
I don't want FB to clutter my calander, I hate seeing all the tasks on my Calander please fix this, and bring back old setting where we could choose what we wanted to see and not see!!!! Very upset!
Deleting my rating because I called Facebook out on bullying me into allow their invasion of my personal privacy.  Gonna keep posting my complaint against Facebook no matter how many times you delete it!

Its excellent
Its very fast I like it
Good
Why is alwqys facebook jot responding
Is like having d world in your hand
Straight
Since the last update my fb crashes non stop. Seriously you guys need to fix this sh*t.
Chabal hai
Good App
Since the most recent update which boasts "improved speed and reliability", the app constantly freezes and shuts itself down. Even while I type this review, I've had the error message "unfortunately, Facebook has stopped" pop up  5 times!! When that happens, my only options are to either hit "report" or "ok", which neither of those options are "ok". This is extremely annoying!! I will be deleting the app shortly if this issue is not remedied ASAP!
Disaster!  After the last update, Facebook app eats my whole ram up and heats up my phone very fast. Please fix ASAP.
Very exciting
Even though the internet signal is on full bar, it keeps on loading I don't know why, can you fix this? The app doesn't work fast :/
What's the point of having this app if I can't even view my messages in it? I have to download another app in order to see my messages? That's absolutely ridiculous, and it's a waste of space on my phone. I will be uninstalling Facebook promptly, and I'll just stick to using it on my computer or via Internet on my phone.
Bad app i can n't chat messases
Its the best
loved it
Very good
very good app easay to use love it......

Good
Good for people
Thans face book
1 number
Hours of fun
All is well...
Easiest app for smart phones user...it works very fast rather than browser.....
Like
Still errors when uploading newsfeed
laxman bohara
Arakan
Nicr
Dowlong
GOOD
Good Update
But it freezes the devices having 512mB of RAM
So nice
It's awesome
I totally hate that my fb app is not opening inboxes. Please remove this fb masager. Let Fb apply open fb masages without fb masager
If I posted something, it came up with my old picture ;(
Cool app
I actually really dislike how the new update has changed the display and everything,  I find myself using the app less and am considering deleting it since not only does the new look confused m but it puts me off using it
This app needs to improve a lot as it is a very slow app which takes a lot of time to load photos..
Every time I click on something to open it up it crashes. Absolutely useless app
Love it
Totally rubbish at the minute! Since the latest update its far to slow to log in & when it finally does come up all i get is 'force close' an it shuts itself off. Get it sorted soon please as it worked fine before. Thanks.
It won't open every time I click on the fb app my screen go's black please fix
Get that big black annoying notification bar OFF the mobile app, it interrupts me when I'm in the middle of posting and it's completely unnecessary, I already get notifications in the app, why do I need this redundancy??? May as well uninstall and go outside and start living again. Your so-called developers suck!!!
I need your help I can't open my Facebook  windows

Like it:-D
bad bad n very bad aplication....
Good I have a good time   time with it.
Very good
Yesssss....
Shshz
good
Everything was perfect until this last update...  Now the App crashes for no reason when: Trying to post a picture, Getting on the 'More' Tab to enter My Profile and Most Recent News Feed, While watching 'News Feed' Tab, Going through my Notifications and even after I press the HOME button in my phone get the Error that says like "Sorry, Facebook.katakana something isn't responding" and closes...  Only complain... CAN'T USE THE APP because it Crashes ALL THE TIME, Messenger is Okay since I already had it...
my fb app in my smartphone is so slow its not working at all. please help me to fix this problem please!!!
I like apps
Working very slow and tagging problem, or notification not clear so Bad apps
I downloaded the app and for a day or so it was fine then I don't know if it updated our not but then ager that I would pull up the appand after about 5 seconds or maybe even up to a minute, it would just freeze up and shut it down. Now my tablet is laggy and slow. Just not a good app for me right now.
Improve on bugs can be done AND, STOP FORCING USERS TO INSTALL MESSANGER WHICH KILLS RAM!
It trys to make u download messenger and it won't let new look at my txt
Best more beat
Nice app
superrr
Varry
Even if i hate it sometimes i can't live without it
Gud
Stops constantly. Worst "update " yet.
Wah mast app  hai
Force closes everytime I get a notification while I'm on or get a message, or even as simple as looking at a picture
Freezes up every time I scroll past a video...so like 10 times a day! Have to uninstall and reinstall every time!!
Book
FANTABULOUS :-) :-) ;-)
It is really good to maintain communication and friendship.
Irritating
Good
Crazy
The Fact Facebook App FORCED messenger on its users... Is why it gets one star.
Nice work by Facebook team
Hai  it is better option. It's like a close friend to us. It give us knowledge &manoranjan.
I love it
Fb keeps on crashing. What's going on?
Every time I try to watch a video it will just freeze!..plz fix!..
All this talk about fb spying on people listening to our conversations its illegal someone needs to put a stop to it. Just like this person who keeps making fake Facebook accounts to get into mine and theres no way to stop her if she can do that no telling how many accounts shes hacking and theres no way for it to be reported cause u facebook dont care or u would have a phone # for this type stuff ..
In this app, if you like a post then it does not show top comments as in browers

It keep freezing up and shut down!!
Great for people person or not but it great.
Grate
Fix it and you'll get a better rating.
Since I've updated it deleted my Facebook and now saying incompatible with your device wtf is going on
What the fu*k with the last update? Crash all the time, never finish loading,  and automatically restart my phone. Fu*k!!!
I think Facebook should develop into a gaming interface just a idea
Hate the floating messenger app, and now you made it compulsory to download it.
I can't upload any videos
I love this because all your friends and family you see same the call no problem
§´§à§â§Þ§à§Ù§Ú§ä §Ø§å§ä§Ü§à
Fast class tagging photo and upload
Suthar
Tinaasempa
Am annoying y ur always asking the msger to install,,,,i dont want to install the msnger ok,,,,!!
1 star
Love it
Why Every Update F**ks it up?
We can meet people we forget
Nilratn patil
Fine
New way don't like
This app does not even finish loading after the update. What kind of novice app development.? Fed up.
Enjoy the facebook
Do not download this apps is very slow
I can't message people it says I need to have messenger and u don't like having messenger it takes more space on my phone
Any fb vid isnt playing since i updated it.. Ughh.. Please fix this
70MB RAM is too costly!
This app is so stupidd andd i hate itt ..whu duh hell created des garbage??andd u everytime ii gone download sumnn it iz say force close.
Not working
Keeps stopping
Yes
I DONT KNOW EVEN WHY I RATE THS APP
i heard that you brought watsapp..so in watsapp in chatscreen you make a green dot to identify who is in online
Amazing User Interface, Stylish Too             Makes Me Wanna Use Facebook                 Easy To Use
Nyssh app which connects frndzz
It never works.
Tjis is awsome
Grate
Dislike it. Liked the first version where things were simpler back then.
Slowly but Not bad
And
Don't need a 2nd app for my msg
Constantly freezes and then i get an error message and have to shut it down. Please fix it.
Nice app but there is some Lag :-D
Nice
Was better wen v we're abl.to chat directly.from fb... ts new messenger.suks... pls do.sumting abt it...
The video's dont load
Good app but need to have option to move it to external sd card....hope you will update it...
Very good I link facebook
A social ntwrk..connecting people
Achaaaaaaaaaaa

Wediteame
This sucks
ANDROID  user. Change, I want my old version back.  developers.
My galaxy s3 updated In the past couple days. Every time I go to open the app it shuts down again.

Won't open now!
After update very slow
Best
Can't always play videos people share
For some reason, the app suddenly stopped whenever i try to open. So i needed to uninstall and reinstall. If this wont work, ill get 2 stars back.
I like very much
Greatest way to stay connected with the people that matters the most to you.....LIVE,LAUGH,LOVE.....
Whenever I update any status it always closes the app please fix
Its best
This app gets worse and worse. Notifications don't load & I can't sign out. I an starting to think the makers of Facebook an the Facebook apps don't really care anymore. They have made their money and could care less how the network is going anymore. Do something, or just shut the network down.
Not downloading things
Ann Brown
Nice
Awsm
Suckkk after update cannot put feeling
Race
Look a like
Very Best
Hate that the newsfeed refreshes WHILE I'm reading,  then I either have to scroll through posts I've already read or try to scroll to the last post I read only to have it happen continuously. Same thing on PC version,  even if I was in the middle of a comment
Fix this crap already whomever came up with these ideas should be fired I'm about to uninstall fb and install linked in and tell my friends to tell their friends to do the same
How to download a vedio plzz tell me.
Always crush when I choose photo upload and change my profile picture.  Please! Fix!
I luv it
Lag
Good
Video would stop and stop and stop like really fix it
Great
I am not able to copy post from facebook.
Good  not  abad
Its best to communicate
Fix it for xperia zl cannot play video suck
di
Good
Good  face book
Can't send fb message through this app... useless
Whenever I open the app it just keeps crashing
Previous version is not working properly let see how it is
I like this apps!!!
Please stop the download messenger notification!!
Hop
Excellent
My news feed will not load for these last couple days please fix the problem asap!!
Very fast
old school.. best apps...
Poor
Nice
I liked the app but we should be able to text on that too! Better because we shall not dig in the browser for facebook!
More beautiful life
Can't tag my friends
I love it
Nice app
can't play videos -_- it kept on saying this video can't be played for unknown reason!
Ever since the messenger update its been going Downhill
not loading videos
I uninstall this app because its worthless. Can't see my messages in my inbox and wants me to download fb messenger. So, I decided to uninstall this and install fb mobile. So far, it works good. I am now able to see my inbox messages.
Offline likes are nevr going online...huh
My Facebook app will not open. Every time I try to open it, it says Facebook app stopped unfortunately.  It's starting to make me mad please fix.
Good to see
I thinks its okqys
How do you turn off the new "pop-up notification" don't want it.
Good
Nice
I love it,..
Nice
I currently was an iPhone user and switched to galaxy. .  One thing I can't do is set a "custom" status.. HELP ME.
Unavoidable, part of life
I'm sick and tired of it
Drains battery. Too slow. Heavy use of memory. Apart from this I dt want to download seprate application for messages.
Calicut
Very stupid updated
its really beautiful
Good work & free call is not good working
Very annoying
Awesome
Way too slow. Can't scroll through news feed without screen content lagging significantly. Twitter does not have this issue.... Just way too slow
It's my best way to get in touch with my family
Could not get it to install. Says setting up Facebook! Never installed when you try again. I. Gives a unknown error code of  24
This app is hideously slow and the embedded video player for the posted or linked videos gets a few seconds in and then I get an error message with the video stopping. It just seems to be constantly pulling data and even on a Wi-Fi connection is so, so slow. Not impressed at all.
Cool app...
Superrrrrr.....
r
Easy to use
LOISA
my Facebook now freezes everytime I use it. can't even scroll threw my need feed with out freezing and shutting off
SMS
Ossassm i like it....!!!!
Love it
friend request
Beauty
Hate the new messager
Its the best
Good ...
Oj
Wechat
Not supportted after the last update kindly. Update it soon
no option to choose between most recent or top stories .... poor application
Just fun
Fast and very interresting
Good
Very nice
Unable to play videos that friends post.. Was able to view before the update :(
Nice design. Still its better if services like copying the status are added and made little smaller size so that the apps loading can be easier..
zte
Sucks
I cannot open the app and i think this is why i cannot login my insta with facebook
Ok
I find facebook for iPhone is better than the android version
Crap.
Ech nd evry application suparot nd standard app
I never knew I could get a lot of different apps here, it's simply wonderful.
Slow
Keeps freezing when scrolling in news feed..
498
Excellent could not live without Facebook
Eagerly i need it.
Facebook is nice because you can chat with you friends
This app closes every time I open it, it freezes and blurs the pics. Also, it takes up way too much space. Please revert the app back to how it was previously. Dont fix what isn't broken.... Well, now it's broken and needs fixing but you get what I mean.
Tony DA tiger
Love it
Birthdays are not the right days! They're actually 6days ahead. Birthdays of the day do not display!. Absolute crap! Facebook is becoming myspace!!! The new messenger app hacks your phone, calls/texts/contacts/camera. Notifications don't show. When someone posts something pornographic and is reported under nudity, it doesn't conflict with facebooks regulations! Wtf seriously!
Awesome app
Sweety vission
Long life for all.
The new app is horrid on my GS5! It freezes up!
Good application
Megusta
Jan
Liked it and loved it
I usually view with most revent stories, this new thing doesn't fit most of us needs  Pls enable it~~~
Nice apps..
M
Why in the hell it need access to my camera and take pictures without my knowledge? Or use the microphone without my knowlege? Raise or low my record volyme?? Without my knowledge?? Isnt this integrity violation?
Good
This new VERSION sucks!!!!!
nice app
FB SUCH AN ADDICTION 
Lover
Stop forcing us to download messenger, you motherf**kers.
Bring messages back. I don't message enough to want another app, but frustrated that I can't respond to what messages I have without using a computer.
Very nice app:
Sucks
Good job
Guru
I love it
Aosme
Its always says facebook isnt responding ! Dumb ! Im gonna uninstall it .
Yay. .....awesome app....
Terima Kasih Banyak
nice
Dheeraj kumar
Fix it
I just wish I could still receive my messages without the message app.
I don't like dis fucking app
Hate that I need a seperate app for messages
Love it
Fast app
Its cool to be connected with people via this app ..its good and adorable..
This is good
It keeps giving me force close.. Pls fix it.
Whenever I try to play a video it stops halfway through, it's really annoying. Any help?
10 star
Auto updated facebook. It wont even open now.
Videos don't play.
Ok
What a nice
Cenderahati
Much better after update
It sucks
Luv it
Cool app
Not gug
good
Backup old version cus l don't want to use massenger !
Facebook
I mean duh! Its Facebook
If u read the stuff you are giving permission for u can see that they are allowed to read your txts go through your contacts and even use your camera or microphone to see wat ure doing n record you without you knowing about it if you dont believe me jus look at all the things you are giving facebook permission to do its the same with facebook messenger
Very nice
i hate this app not because i dont like it, but because no matter how many times i delete it i find myself always re-downloading it
Israth
Facebook is crap it keeps logging me out and then I little thing pops up saying sorry unfortunately Facebook has closed down
Viewing time line is not convenient compared to the last update
I lov
Yes
always not responding!!!
Good
This is one of the awesome application in the play store. But in this updatd app massager is not working properly working with only fb massager
Allways invalid installation.
Super but ok
Fast
A facebook is very popyular apps it is very best app....
I keep getting a "not responding" message....i have to force stop. I have uninstalled and reinstalled and i still have the same problem....
Great ..
SHAGOR
Although not as easy as using it in browser.
Cool app
MohdfAhim
Terrible app, takes ages to load pictures and always gets stuck when I scroll down through posts and stops loading them!
Tmnyika lool
Facebook is the best software
Every time I to login it doesn't recognize my password.
Good
Nice
Oswem
Good
Awsome just awsome
Slow apps v bad
I used to love this app until my phone messed up and uninstalled it and when I went to re install it, it wanted access to everything on my phone. Um no thanks I would rather keep my stuff private! Invading my privacy way way to much for my liking!
Great look nd awsome feture
Video playback almost alway fails and an error window pops up.. Using Xperia m
Badiya time pass Hai;-)
Its really amazing the CEO of Facebook has done a great job ...
Good
Beautifull
Loved it
Its a good app. Cant believe late ko na to na download
Service want to be all time good
I love Facebook but it needs to not demand you download its messaging app and just let you send the dang message. Also it keeps crashing ever since I uninstalled the messenger app. All of sudden it'll say Facebook has stopped working. And I either have to report it or press ok.
Liking the vibes
Ok ok
I can't play any video without it saying an unknown error occurred. Sort it
So easy to uplood and download photos and videos every one should try it
Well played fb...  Everyone deletes messenger, so you give the actual fb app WAY TOO MANY permissions..... Ef off, I'm deleting.
I can intrested face book.   nice
Ok
The games can't work in this facebook
Lags and then says "fb not responding?"Worked fine until yet again-another update.
It's finally time for the death of Facebook, and the emergence of something less intrusive!
Why should I download Facebook messenger it always ask for download it.
Fine
Veri good 5 star
Good
New update is bad bcoz to much loading in image view......previous update is good
Very nice.......... !
I am considering of getting rid of even facebook app cause I am pretty upset about the messanger.
Iko slow mah!!!!!   It is not yet to the expected limit....do sth still
Thumbs up!
Goodddddddd
Notifications are not working, problem ...
Better
Excellent
No messaging and takes up too much space and ram
Cut
Sanjaygupta
Beautyful
But needs fixing
I love facebook
Bagus!
Itss really awsMe tO uSe diS aPpPPp....
wow face book
Good
Phone updated now can't use app very bad Facebook needs to sort this out!!!!!!
It takes to much space in my memory!!!

Son  &  father
Hustah
Every time I'm in the middle of reading my news feed the app force closes randomly on my phone.  It needs to be fixed. It's happening more often now.
Cool
Yep ok
Ooo
Will not work on  galaxy 4! Will not upload.Do not update.
it's good
'Setting up Facebook' stays on an you can't go farther. Then finally pops up Facebook stopped working. I can't unupdate it an its making me mad.
Ok bye
To slow and does not pick up good in the back woods.
Seriously doesnt show pics videos newsfeed even on wifi suckerberg this blows
Facebook
I like the weather channel
nice
Wonderful
Nice
Right firstly since the new update I have been unable to use either apps on my s5. Please sort this ASAP.. and secondly to all the people claiming that the permissions are invading your privacy they are just standard your location is as when you send a message you can choose to share your location, camera and microphone for taking pictures and making facebook calls, and sms to link your account with your phone so stop being such idiots please. Facebook has better things to do than care about you.
Takes up to much space
Not working comport...
Good
Gudd..need t improve..
Dr dina nath kumar
Idk what's wrong with it I have to repeatedly uninstall and install because it won't work right ugh
Just started to slow my xoom down... Unless i force stop... it will slow my device down.
Its realy ousm
Dont push us to download messenger,i hate it consume battery more...the update sucks...
Browser
Nothing extraordinary
Goodddddddddddd not badddddddddddddd
Love it
Why need to install Facebook Messenger? I really don't need it! Please make facebook easy to use like before.
boleh lerr
Loving it!
Cual es la idea de pedir actualizaciones si no funcionan. Se cae a cada rato y no responde. Siguen dando asco. Y pensar que detras de esta app hay ingenieros pfffffff!
Best social network
Nyz
Astig Sjdj
Ok
wow
Keep in touch with family
Good
So Fool and Weak app
Very slow speed
Facebook
Fantastic
OK
The videos jus keep crashing worst update ever
I don't like the auto rotate thing going on. If I wanted that, I'd just turn it on in my phone settings. It's annoying. And I wish they'd let you save the most event stories as your permanent feed instead of top stories.
It doesn't install on my sony Xperia e1..  When installing they called incompatible update . Plz fix it
It's ok
Best
This software is slowing my phone . You fix rhis problem or heip me to delete my facebook accout deleting permanently. Because i dont trust facebook you ignor my privacy
This is the good service provider
If you cannot use it properly just uninstall it.You can say what is your problem so they will fix it.
Firds
Cap nhat hoai, nang may qua
Facebook

Thanks. ...
awesome. :-)
Hahahjahahahah
Fast
Does not work!  ://///
n I like it
Toggle news feed.
The Facebook app was once good but after update it's just laggy. . . . .
This app never loads the feed properly.  Most recent only shows me one post. Then I click the regular feed and I only see 3 post.... then it says error. Facebook is crap. Don't use the mobile app
Penggunaan Memori / RAM terlalu besar.
Nice one
Pn me tr aajach ghetlay
Nothing to say about this
I'm giving Facebook one star period because of the lack of loyalty to Facebook users worldwide and the disregard of privacy. Spank you very much Facebook and for people using the what's up app and have frontfacing cameras as well as cameras and recording devices all together, you have been warned!!
Ako ra popo
Nice
Veryfast
Easy navigation
Keeps crashing not happy
It wont update my news feed... 
Facebook
I love it
Great app
Ok
Good
Nice
I like Facebook but without Massinger. It's very irritating with Massinger.....
Nice
No notifications
Bhuvan paswan
App tends to freeze for no apparent reason. Also at times cut and paste fails to work properly.
bakpo jady gini . i already done update the new version . but , why notification is not working ?  ermm . oohhh jenggg .
Notifications are prevously broken
I don't like the fact that Facebook has access to one's phone pictures text messages and even when you take your selfies
Everything I try to play an embedded video the Facebook player crashes saying unknown error!
Excellent
keep stopping ,please fixed this we really need this facebook
Its stupid because ihave to download messanger
Not the best layout
Love it.
Its better app
This last update sucks. My pics in the newsfeed won't come up, I can't see the most recent status without a lot of work. This update was bad so I'm installing. Get it together Facebook make a good update, Then leave the app alone. Jeesh and why does this app use so much data.
Can't like any post. It will pop up blocked or abusive etc2. Please look into it
Very Slow loading, unlike the old fb apps,
Kachra facebook
Ohh very good good
hate it
After recent update no image is getting clear when viewing as before.Please fix this issue.
So good
Ajay
It says "insufficient space on this device" I have over 300mb space on my phone plus I'm using WiFi
Good  very good like it.
Worst App
Sometimes notifications not open
I cant download any video from this version
Facebook connect to other countries frnd and it is very good app for chatting and entertainment ,much more .......
App freezingwhile checking feed... have to exit and reload...  Still missing most recent feed
women who fool around in NJ OCEAN COUNTY AREA
Slow... 
Xperia E1 updated lost Facebook now it won't let me download it :(
Gud
Got the new LG Vista and worked fine now when I have perfect WiFi and never had a prob when I first got it it will be part way through a video and pop up with an error saying this content can't be played when it started alright and has never had this prob before please fix thank you
To loading
Abdul
Really Greatest
I do not like having to use messenger and it is lately it is causing my Facebook to crash... Sucky update!
Very fani aaps
Great n nice job
Inbox doesn't work without messenger. That's so bad.
Read description and what it does before installing it can access your camera with out your consent also record audio at any time
Very good
Not working properley and taking  long time to open

Shit
I hate how you cant read your messages unless you have the messaging app
itskool
Crash after opening...
Needs a default 'most recent' for news feed instead of having to constantly go through the 'more' tab.
Very lovebel
ok
I want it clear that Facebook has an extremely high invasion of privacy factor. I refuse to use it until FB and Zuckerberg REMOVE the "permission" settings that allow the app to use my camera, phone, sms, and microphone WITHOUT my permission. FB DOES NOT NEED THOSE FUNCTIONS TO RUN THE APP. STOP SPYING ON PEOPLE, STOP WRITING IN CODE THAT HARMS PEOPLE.
Its a great app
Wow
Just keeps spinning, never loads them. I have Uninstalled,  reinstalled with no solution. So over Facebook and their 'UPGRADES'. Get it together and go back to when it wasn't a hassle to have Facebook!
Like
Lots of fun
Very good but not amazing
New look..Feel good
It's not working properly
Good.
It doesn't work. I can't open my chatbox. I did not install messanger. Please remove this. Pleassssssssssee
Good
It's lovely
Nic
Very very poor...daily I'm  downloading Facebook bt it's nt downloading..I had Facebook in my phn earlier bt bt I update new software n Facebook remove automatically from my phn...n nw it's creating lots of problem in downloading huh..
College
Importing birthday really annoys me .. This app doesn't work well on my phone
Keeps locking phone up
Its joust poop
It's a little better.
Very very good
No notification were
I like it its just awesome on my iphone6
Horrible.
Pls give Likes!!!
K
It has became a ganster book
good
I can see videos on my news feed but there is no sound, then when I click the video it won't play at all.
Keep up good works...
Slower and less functional than previous versions. Messy interface.
I like it
My Facebook comes on goes when I am reading. Or surfing.?
But can be more good.
I hate that u have to have messenger to send messages that sucks it needs to be changed
Hmmmm
Cool
I open my messages and click on the one I want to reply to. When I start typing the chat head closes. It does this every single time I reopen the message and begin to type. AND ALSO, we need an option within the app to view 'other' messages as I was online this morning and discovered the 'other' inbox and it was full of messages that were months old. MORE IMPORTANTLY THE REPORT TO FACEBOOK FEATURE IS NOT WORKING. IT JUST SAYS CONFIRM AND WHEN YOU PRESS IT IT TAKES YOU BACK TO THE PREVIOUS OPTIONS PAGE.
this app is impossible in 512mb ram device
Mann
Loved it
Love it
Is anu
M OH TAB ALAM
If i could do no stars, that is what I would rate this. Mobil app is horrible. Nothing ever loads or it takes forever.
6 moneth
Freezes and crashes every time I play a video, says jot responding. Fix it.
Beautiful
Can't share rom the regular feed or from personal profiles to pages I manage anymore.  The regular app and the page Manager app don't "communicate". Makes it impossible to use as a work tool for social media marketing and useless.
It's great to know how my family, friends and the world are doing
Verygood
None of the videos work this app gets worse and worse
Pretty nice app
I have my "Samsung Galaxy Y or Young" and it is fast and I download my photos easily.
Hi
Keeps mee in touch with all my families
Awesome Would be lost without it        T
So frustrating,have many errors since last update. Unable to post my status or photos. Or force to stop halfway uploading. Uninstall and reinstall.  Please fix.
Is this a really update? How was it. When i open the app it stick in ''setting up facebook". It cannot open.
toooo adicting
Slow on updates. It also will catch the wifi on stuff I drive past (like burger king/mcdonalds) and say I am online when I haven't opened it.
Nice
Not able to update it its showing an error please fix
like it
Not bad but i hate it....
News feed takes forever to update and not a smart move to fragment app into 2 with separate messaging app
Yeah
Update
Custom option on privacy setting disappeared!! So can only choose who can see something not who can't! Grr!
Looks remain same. Need changes
Vry vry gud
Great place to give positive affirmations to hurting people over the world.
the app gets (unfortunately stopped) when i get a notification on facebook app in my xperia L
Its ok
Great app...! I'm glad i have contact on my friends and relatives even they are miles away...
was giving it 3 . after some updates seems working better. still needs some to be added specially copy paste from the feed, update: this app aaks too many permissions, and keeps opening even if you close it, as it's a back ground app, so it's a big privacy breaker. Will un install
Cool I like it
I don't trust Facebook anymore vs my personal privacy.
I have small storage mobile..
Loved it
In touch with the world
I cant even see the messeges.. So bad! Can i download the old version.. Its so anoying!!!!!
Tried to install but it is now stating that it's not compatible with my phone. This is a joke!!!!!! It needs sorting  out.
att di aa bai log
App crashes every now and then.  Locks up and doesn't load properly.
Updated Facebook and now won't go past the setting up Facebook screen so irritated take this update off
Noman
awesome
It's ok
great. i cam browse faster
I mean it could be better but its fine....
Nice
New update it's very bad
Yea but still slow to synk with latest data...
Ok
Very happy,  no doubt,
Chat function should not have been separate.
When i use text or stuff it freezes fix this
M
Its vry good social site
Hate the new update.  Its screwed all my news feed up.  New feeds are not clearly notified and not easy to navigate .  give me back old Facebook.
Strees reliever. -
Videos stop midway after this update
Any app that forces me to install a 2nd app to get what was built in gets a 1 for both apps.  FB SUCKS.
It so nice mmmmmm
Can stay up-to-date
Very nice
i keep on having an error due to unresponsive pages. can you fix it?
Good
Nice
most useable
Good
Keshav. Siwalya
hangs up sometimes
Very good ap.
WAVOOOOO
I dislike the new layout!
Needed most
Its really cool
V good
I did not found my Facebook on my application
I can read my notifications,  but app crashes every time I try to go to my news feed.
Try many many many times still wont install!!!hate it..pls bring back the old ver.pls!!!BRING BACK THE OLD VER.PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE...i beg you pls...
Freezes up when uploading videos & pics.  Very aggravating!
Lavanya geloth
Terbaikkkk
Had Facebook on my xperia e1 and now since the update its installed itself and when i try to install it i get "incompatible update"
Awesome
Nice
I am using this app....
Love this app!!! :">
New messenger is really awsome free calling
It help me very much!!!when I need to talk with my friends
How are you
Uzair
Better
Awwwsm app.....lopd it...now  Icn get news feedz of meh frn n new updats too
Gud app
I don' t know y but I can't upload pictures using my samsung phone!
Judge
Pat smith
BoomBOOM
It is good.
Nice way to connect worldwide wid frens n relatives
Fun
Nice fb
I love facebook and facebook messenger it is very nice app I love it the app the new version
I like it

Very love Facebook
Love that app cant live without it  <3
Nyc..... but comments me stickers nai aata........ :(
sohar
Never works right crashes every time I open it
Nice app.
So slow!!! Grrrr!!!!!! Fix it!!
I really love to keepin touch with all my collegua, unfortunately i cant reinstall fb app after i formated my smart phone,poor of me
It let me talk to my friends
Total rubbish always force closing on me n having to send report after report still no change
Best app
Awsome <3
You need to default to most recent! I could care less what was said 2-3 days ago. When default changes my rating will change
Too good
I have not yet got new version... but just got updated so..
my fb
I cant get or recieve any messages on my fb app they want me to download messenger and i refuse about to deactivate my account all together
New felling
Nice Working
why is it ? Like that Unfortunately facebook has stopped
Ever since the recent update facebook keeps crashing.
I go to play a video and it doesnt play them every video i try it doesnt play it my girlfriends play and she has got an older phone then me plz sort and will rate 5 stars
Chat games
I like facebook ilove it..
Prodipkanti nath
S4 did an update, now FB app no longer works. Tried reinstalling and now get an error and won't install.  Guess no more FB on my phone for me
Good app
This is the New best app in all.......
Best
Ever since my phone updated it seems like not all of my news feed is there....
It's good for what I do
When I play some video, there is problem. It stops, and I can't watch it. Please fix that problem
I love it
I cant use facebook in my xperia phone.. :3
Awesome.....
Awesome app!!!!!!
i like it.
Awesome
But I hate SMS messenger
I like chat on fb
Takes forever to load, once loaded, I cannot scroll without crashing 9 out of 10 times. Uses way to much RAM. I've had it, uninstalled
i loved it very much
I update my fbook? But it's the same as the old one
Unable to install
I can't upload anything and every 3 days it says no internet connection while there is and a every thing works well as YouTube tango viber what's app but Facebook please fix this bug
phone hangss
I been crashing way to much after this last update we had.
Nice
good
Weeeeereeeeeeey
Good
When I try to open it, it closes automatically.  Fix please
Sooo ncy app ......loves it sooo much
'' And let there be light ''
OK
Scary Permissions
Awesome
Constant force close
Is this all the new update can do is stay on the setting up Facebook page? Cos it don't go any further! I'm uninstalling!
Good n easy appp
I luv it. Call if my phone dont wrk for calls I still can call people.
I hate the new update because it doesn't show "Recent Status'' only "Popular". But I found that they just moved that option on the side bars. I don't care of what happened 7 days ago, I want to know how my friends are doing now. All in all, decent app. Does the job and if you don't like it. then you're just another drug addict that doesn't like the new product but doesn't get rid of it.
Electricals safety items and printing solutions
Lovit
Very nice
Suspended me for 7 days inviting peeps THEY HAVE RECOMMEND ED
Facebook
Vgg
Very good.
I loved it
Every 2weeks, must need to update? r u serius
I can't see my videos from my album ...-.-
Better than old version
Very good
Can't this App be designed in such a way that it could be saved to SD card.?

So FB wants permission to read my sms messages change wifi settings and actually make calls with my phone does it? Why?
App now crashes constantly. Never had an issue before. Newsfeed is complete trash. The post are scattered about (here's a post from 2 days ago! Hey, look at this post from just now. And now one from yesterday!) Seems to limit who's post I do see (where did all my page likes go???) . It seems too much to ask to show me post in order of appearance and also post from most of the pages I liked.
For keeping up with friends and family it's okay...i just think people go crazy with FB...all the drama and bs is not necessary...too bad there isn't an idiot filter!!
SUNILKUMAR RAi
Love it I haven't had any problems yet!! 
I like this application so much because I can meet my new friends a lot :)
Video playing sucks
Nice To Good app
Downloading is very slow :/
Awsome working now
This app make me easier to post something
Nice and faster
Lan
Great for keeping 8n touch with family and friends
Facebook app freezes up then I have to go back to home screen and open it up again to make it work!
Go to pullup Facebook and most if the timeit takes3 to 5 minutes to load. It's slow also on news feeds.
Make it fast
gljl
Crashes LOADS and gets very irritating
Just a awesome thing
Good
Very good
I liked the older version not crazy about all the changes you've made it sometimes won't let me share and ask me write post then to only a certain person. Since went public on stock exchange you just make it more confusing and not as easy to enjoy time with friends like it used to be. Please fix it back!!!
Hii
Good
Please  I  have  this  moment  that  I  will  have  a  facebook
It
Good for Facebook things (obviously).  But since last update I cannot view video posts "unknown error occured. Cannot play video"  and screen flickers when typing within the app and text lags way behind when typing as well.  I just use the Web browser now. (Sony Xperia Z tablet)
Will not work anymore on my galaxy tab 3. Unusable
som oun
Toyaba
Bakudbacolod
Can't see videos since i updated
Awsome like ko po yan iwill download but cant why
Galaxy tab 2 7.0, everytime i surf, it randomly closes saying facebook has stopped working, it also has the sign telling sync interval setting everytime i logged in. Please fix, it just turned like this after i updated my fb.
When i try to play videos it stops after 10 seconds and says there's an error! Tried restarting my phone and reinstalled fb app but same problem occurs!
I have trouble posting its so slow always have problems with it
It takes up entirely too much room!
Baik
Works nice :)
Constantly defaults to most popular news feeds and when I select most recent it only last until fb is opened again?  This just means nobody ever sees your post.  LAME
I can't open my app. It is so slow and hangs everytime
Its wrong to make people download your apps...your app is good but I refuse to download messenger, its an invasion of privacy!
This is pure crap! Facebook is downloading unknown what type of crap AUTOMATICALLY without me doing anything. I DONT WANT the FB Messenger!!! I DONT WANT FB having access to any of my banking info b/c this phn is the only way I have to pay bills right now. Besides NOT wanting FB or ANYONE ELSE or any COMMIE to turning my phn on/off whenever they like INCLUDING the camera app & listening in on conversations Im having either on my phn or in the room Im in, even with not even being on my phn!!!!
Crashing a lot on my x10
Facebook make a person mad around itself
Excelent
It's fb
can't update
Pls don't update this.. There nothing something in the Facebook... And not feeding  new post....
Facebook
I love facebook :)
Setiap kali nak log in kena cam muka fb friends first...if i can't do that i will never can log in....this trouble me so much
Hold your friends forever
Trupti Rawal
I don't know why...
I CAN'T PLAY VIDEOS!!!
Why does facebook refuse to install in my phone pease fix this becoz of 498 error whats da proble
Kollaam good
why does it hv to setup fb evrytym u log in? is it gathering up our new txt msgs, fotoz, videoz n calls! lol ...and another fing datz annoyn is the updating newsfeed u r readn den nek minit it updatez n goes bk 2 da start ...i fink itz tym to delete this android fb app n use da browser instead @ least da messenger s still on der :)
Excellent
Average apps
Its a bad version please update whenever I switched to facebook its stop working. Please fix it
Love it
It's cool
I dont want bad pic on my facebook
Since the last update & uninstalling messanger, this app constantly freezes and I have to force close it multiple times a day.
When I tried to view all my pending friend requests that I have send,a link showing but nothing happened when I taped it..
thankyou
The newest update has totally jacked up the app. It doesn't load, force closes, and totally freezes.
Good app and neccessary but it work only 2mn then stoped, why?
For old
Yes
Facebook
After update, i can't upload photo
Ok
It takes up too much memory, even not in use. The posts also show "27 minutes ago" even recently posted. Slow notification update.
Good
Good bt takes lot of time for downloading
Lot's of problems since update. Crashes sometimes and also won't let me view or comment on some post's and group post's
App constantly goes unresponsive and force closes.
Asmat
THIS NEW UPDATE IS ALL SORTS OF MESSED UP EVERYTIME I TYPE A STATUS IT ASSUMES IM TYPING A LINK AND SAYS ERROR LINK.
Why do I need to install messenger separately when it was previously available?
It is great app to connect with frds people share ideas pics and many more
The new update has totally messed it up... Constantly force closing on me won't play video's without some stupid error coming up!!! Please sort it or I'll just uninstall it...
Good
Like it
It. Needs to improve
I love it

Facebook for iphone is much better than android
I love facebook so much  
Why does my news feed keep shooting back to the top automatically when I have new stories??? I have lost loads of stuff through this!!! What's the point in having the button to go to the top of the feed when there's new stories if it's just going to do it on its own?? Also my notifications aren't coming through like they used to. I have to open the app to see if I have any notifications and I always have anything up to 20 because it's not notifying me!!! Oh and messenger!!!!! Hate the update.....
Alagarsamy550
Lovely
Fix messages or application is uninstalled. The most stupid way of ruining chat, allow 1000 processes with messenger, so the app can do what she wants. No tnx. 000 stars!
RESLLY GOOD
Messager
Nice
Change for the sake of change is never good. Look at how you screwed up messages. We can no longer access them without giving you lackwits access to our personal data.
good
I cant watch all the video otherwise it stops and says there 's problem loading video please fix it
Very nice
Facebook is nice social networking app very useful for staying connected with friends.
Facebook
I can't log -in with my email address...instead to my phone number!...news feed and notification not updating!..
The new update is ridiculous I cannot find anything, still shows old posts before new ones...
Ok
Its amazing
Love it.
Good
Loves it
No longer getting notifications of any comments etc
Please.. update the facebook and create a anti log 4 android. Thank you. ...
Good
Its a lovely time psss
Application is great I love it .....
Its Facebook portable how could u not like it
Since I updated my android phone everytime I go to install Facebook it comes up incompatable update now I don't have Facebook on my phone fix now please
Privacy permissions are ridiculous!
The older version lets me download videos on facebook via ES Downloader. Bring back the old one v5.0.0.26.35 enhance it by putting photo comment!
Awesome to have it in own phone you know
Good Social site
If you want to send a message it is necessary to download fb messenger then why we install fb. A system space shortage problem occure here.
Goodbye Facebook
Sometimes  crashes
Nice
Very nice app
good
Nice app face book New virson
It show error occur when I watching video on Facebook ,i cant even watch a 5minute full video !!
It is not good for the user
The only reason you have so many 5 star ratings is coz you own the click farms. Videos constantly stopping. I use this app less and less. I just don't care about it anymore.
WowwwwW
Nice
Nice
Gud app
NOT download apps in my mobile
Very slow app
Love this app
Not work on my Samsung s3 ...plc help me
This app freezes all the time and stops working. You're better off going on Google Chrome or the Internet to view your Facebook page.
Excellent
Good, but after update, my phone keep telling me there's no space/storage for me to continue.
Until this is set as default WHICH MOST.OF YOUR USERS WANT. This app will never be rated higher.
App is too  good
Force close every time f.....
Love it
nyc
App gets to installation process and comes up with message saying it can't be installed can't use Facebook at all on my phone now.
This is so annoying I just updated it and it keep crushing. I cant open it always says setting up then crashed. Pls fix this its been 1 week already. Thanks
Okay
Its a good app....it was smoothly work in my phone..thanks to android
Like this
Jjjjjjjjjjj
I like it
This is a way to connect with peoples and many more
Great way to keep in touch with family and friends
Its all in all
It keep on forcing to go home please do something on it ,very slow
Won't download
New update on note2 keeps crashing.
ok
Fastet browsing
Khan6677
Sucks
Just fine.
Rock
Mariadoquesadawat
Make me require messenger? How about I just uninstall the whole thing.
Gud app
I hate it, fb force u to use their messenger. This is overage, unacceptable, I don't use it and u can't force me to use it
Nice app :)
Complete social application with excellent multimedia capabilities. Several levels of communication with millions of others across the globe.
Samsung won't stop it's constant attempts to get me to sync my Facebook so it can pull all my contacts and activity to harvest & sell. Ever other second. Uninstall. Use FBT browser instead
Kayyum.ali76
Sometimes it needs to be refreshed a lot it gets annoying
It puts me in touch with lots of people I wouldn't ordinarily see.
Nice update... now can I have the previous version back?..... AGAIN.  LATEST UPDATE : Now I can't play linked videos Galaxy S5.
Always error message shows.
Love it
Gio mmm
Hate the fact you must have Messenger in order to reply to your msgs when it wsent needed before.
Don't like the fact I'm forced to install messenger.
Notifications are so slow
Oh
Installed the app and now can not use my phone, it crashes every time I touch the screen
B
Plz change this version with iphone 5 facebook
slow loading
Nice app
Nepanl dharan
I really love facebook..but they're doing too much invasion in our personal life
Apart its seriously harms privacy using microphone & videocamera of our private hardware any time without asking user-owner, its not bad. Good example of G.Orwell's genius. Congrats NSA.
I met most of my skull mate here nd we reconnect i love it
Yes
Like it
Madan
Kaka
Good
The "Setting Up" thingy is annoying. Please fix!!!!
Niiice
It is better that old f.bmasenger
Excelent
I love facebook i can associate with my friends and family and play games

So now I'm not able to view videos? I closed the app, nothing, I unistalled and still not working.
The app keeps force closing and freezing up way too frequently.  Please fix that.
App keeps freezing in the middle of scrolling and closes too.
6
Allah help me
Sucks. Seriously. Regular browser work better.
INAKINA
Too slow!
But For some Reason It Won't Install But I Have Before But Mainly GREAT APP
So cool
Give me a 498 error
pritambanerjee 654321
Karnatak india
I'm not one of the people who posts EVERYTHING on Facebook.
Cn u guys make it faster pretty please

Laggy in speeed
Let me know how to fix and I'll give 5 *****'s
It needs to know my identity like really???
The new upgrade crashes every 5 mins. Please fix it.
Every video stops in between showing an error... Fed up with this
Slowing down messaging sucks
It is worst then before for phone  But love the computer one though
Love
More space utilization and poor performance
Thanks
The app will not download to my phone.  It keeps giving me an error message -24... does anyone know what this means or what I can do... I'm fed up with FACEBOOK
Samsung galaxy s4
Good appss..
Force closes all the time now for no reason. I uninstalled & downloaded it again but it's still doing the same thing.
It tends to be slow at tymz and takes 4eva to load
Switch between accounts,  I am an admin on a page and use to be able to switch between accounts,  but now I have to login using page manager,  and it makes it tough when I'm trying to share links from websites,  and I have no way of pulling it into the page from the browser without copying and paste.
Nice app
This app barely works. I promise I can barely be on there for a second without it saying "Facebook not responding. Do you want to force close it?" Sometimes I push wait and it stills exits me out. If I wasn't constantly having this problem, I would rate this app 5 Stars.
Love
Was able to get on for a long time now it's won't even let me into facebook during the night. FACEBOOK IS GETTING REALLY STUPID!!!!! Now it keeps kicking me off!
Johnson
Facebook
Good facebook  funny my best  friend
Ok
Where is the Photo comment update??????
News Feed freezes up when scrolling through a group then closes the app an says fb has stopped working. Happens when i get to a good post review it then cant go any furthur
Ok
Ashikkhan
Videos are not loading after the latest update.kindly fix it.Device Xperia M.
Very good app
Best app ever an easy to use
...
Very good
Haven't had any issues with it so far
Why do they need to access so much on my phone?..deleted and not installing again until they stop needing to know my every move...what is this? It's creepy is what it is...
I like this softwere
Nice
Superb app
Time waste
It be actin dumb sometimes
If I wasn't addicted, I would quit this
Yaya
Good App
Noooooo!!!
i like my fb hahahahaa
Disabling functions unlessyou download ANOTHER app, constantly making the feed into just a few select friends instead of all, now crashing repeatedly.  Beginning to consider uninstalling and dropping it.
Thanks for nothing. I don't like this version of Facebook. It's stupid invading our privacy
It,s a awesome app
Love it so much
Updated it 2 days ago and it keeps force closing on me, please fix bugs
It was annoying enough when you made the most recent feed hard to get to, but now when I click it (as I always do because it's the only one I want to see) it says "no posts to show" and if I try to refresh it says "news feed is up to date." You really expect me to believe that NOBODY posted ANYTHING in the three hours since I last checked it? Please fix.
Now making you download a massager app really sucks no need for doing that crap
Love my Facebook
I really dont want the messanger app.
Dil laghi
I love this because it's good to use
Not installing messenger.  Its because of us you make money.  LISTEN TO THE USERS!!!!
Keeps crashing
Goodbye to your separate app.    You suck for forcing it on your users
Panget
Mind or its on can't say I havent cussed it atleast once a day if not more more needs some touchs but its what it is
123456
I love everything about this app
Yea
Love it.
Awesome
I have a samsung galaxy note 3, and the latest update for facebook. I cannot find where to follow them and see notifications. Or texts. I am NOT getting updates from certain people that I would like to get notifications from when they post something.
Whenever i try to play a video, it will play for few seconds then the following msg pop up: "Sorry, but an unknown error occurred while trying to play this video" i see that it is a common problem with many sony devices.. Since videos on other websites are working, i assume the problem is related to the FB app.. Please fix it! Thanks
Awesome
He'll
It's awsome
Fantastic
Unable to update
It's  stock on "setting up facebook". Please fix it.
Not good
Awsome
Slow app
Too many unreasonable permissions needed. Why does Facebook need to make calls on my phone, potentially costing me money? Plus, the removal of the messenger program is ridiculous. Having 2 apps to do the job of one is just dumb. Fix these problems, and I'll rate it higher. For now, I guess I'll just use my browser to access Facebook.
Very good applications
It closes by it self and when i re open it closes again?  Please fix it
Rig thy
love it.
Facebook
I'm loving this app
Makes me update and uave messanger or i xant see message
If I will post something it will say " 1 hour ago " instead of saying "just now"
Jika
It's ok but it needs updateed always and takes a long time to load. Freezes up all the time. It also takes up too much memory. It kinda sucks but good to use at times.
Please dont make fb messenger default for chatting coz i dont like it... just make it optional
After the update it always force close when theres a video on my time line.. I cant view video !!!
Im so tired of upgrading but I like it
Love love love
What if I dont want to update at this time,  it automatically does it for me. I can't even unchecked the update box !! Very unhappy
Messanger app is a joke!  Remove it out of the facebook app or let me use it!  Don't need two apps to do one thing.
Cool
Videos don't play all the way though!!
Works really well in my samsung galaxy note2
It's not letting me like any posts! It says its abusive or not allowed? Frustrating! Annoying! Just fix it and it'll be back to five stars
it consumes big space on my device and it is definitely not working so good ..
It's dumb that you have to download the messenger app to message people why couldn't they just keep it like before
;-)
It's good
I can't play videos or update my news feed
Love messaging my buds on Facebook
Facebook
App wasnt working so I uninstalled and attempted to reinstall but every time after I get the thing downloaded, it says an unknown error code, and wont install >:(
Only have fb and messenger on my tablet.... these apps were buggy and were to big. Only made my devices slow and laggy. NOW you have to invade our privacy? I know you could fix this. You should :) so I can be a fb addict again lol
Can not upload
It's alright sometimes but recently it's become really crap it won't let me view certain things it won't let me play videos it takes forever to scroll becuase it lags put please sort this out
Sucks update ever!!! It doesn't work anymore! Who works on Facebook android app!
best app
Its an amazing app 4 communication and it's great but very slow
it go off when u are doing thing
Force closes almost every time I open the app now
Very good software
kmt
Why cant I connect to facebook dont u nderstand,flustrated
Cant play vid smoothly like previous update..fix this pls.
Facebook
Too slow . Hangs n stops abruptly. Hate it.
super apps though it cut up all my money within a very short time.but works better..like it...
Yri
It consumes a lot of memory and the more you use it the bigger it becomes. Messaging feature has been disabled??? you need to install the fb messenger to use the damn thing. Not friendly with low end devices, I once installed it to my galaxy mini and ended up freezing and poof reboot.  It has a lot of issue and needs further optimization especially in deploying a lot of data to the device memory. Maybe it needs a clear cache or data on exit? or cloud compression technology just like opera browser.
Im still get the same error. I get an error message, when trying to download,  unable to install facebook app. Error 24
Its ok.
This is so much good for fb
Since last update I can't get Facebook to stay on most recent and all around it kinda sucks!
Good
Awesome
Good app
updated to newer version. now it's says settinup Facebook and never gonna happen. take 60+mb internal memory. I have reinstall the app same happened.
Give us messenger back and quit violating our rights
Good
The app has been nearly unusable. Constantly locking up and crashing. Force closing, clearing data, rebooting, reinstalling does not help. Back to the Web version in hopes they sort this out soon.
Sometimes when I would try to make status updates Facebook would shut down. It either cut off when I was just scrolling thru my news feed or was looking at a picture. It froze so much it was ridiculous; and one more thing-Facebook takes away all of the privacy on your phone. It can call numbers on your phone w/o your consent and read contacts info. I wouldn't bother downloading this app mainly b/c of that reason.
Why do I have to change ? Why is it forcing me to , maybe I don't want the new chat I liked the old one . It keeps saying I have to change over to it and I'm ready not to use this stupid app anymore . God fix then you will get a higher rating . This is beyond annoying .
Superb
Hindi
I as a group admin cannot change the group cover photo... I ask all the admin group and they also have a same problem with me... Facebook on android you should do something!!!.... Please3x......
Love it
I go on Facebook everyday and it works really good, love it but could youse a little fixes
Videos not working everytime and always appear to have error when using Mobile Data(4G) Everytime patch also still the same.Can u guys solve this?This Problem still appear after the patcg
No problem in dis app
Like but takes up to much memory
Best connect
For ages now when when you try and watch a dam video clip it says failed, so you mash play 40 times then it starts, once it starts occasionally works, but 50% of the time is closes and fails to play. Fix the dam problem been like this for months. Sony Z2
Not function like usually always stuck when I play
Loved it
Awosome
It works for me!
Why can't I download this app?
updating to slow
its additing
no option for video downloading since from last update please fix it
helps always
Hard to select photo that you want if you have thousands picture. I think it would be nice if you add folder mode
Much better..
Useless but useful
Keeps on crashing

Fifth GHG
Its cannot load the news feed please fix it or help me
Facebook
Can't get the stupid thing to load

Can't play video since the last update. And now it getting stuck and force close. Problem with tagging. More updates more problems.
Good apps
Installed update and now the app freezes up my whole phone
App
I updated the app and now it doesn't let me watch videos on Facebook. Please fix
"Error saving photo"
Loveen it
Won't update for some reason been going on like this for months
After the last update it just keeps crashing. SUCKS !!!!
If you download messanger for facebook, it will steal all of your login info for anything on your device like email, bank account, text conversations. It crashed my galaxy s4 and my info turned up on lifelock... thank God I have identity protection. Get Facebook but never download the new messanger app they are forceing on everyone!!!
I just updated my app last night. Your updates have me scared to do it, because there's always something wrong with it. This time it wont even load the actual Facebook. It just say "setting up Facebook" but it never does..
F*** update=dead app
Facebook
It keeps lagging bad. && Forces stop every time i get in. This app sucks.
Best thing that had ever happened thanks Facebook:-):-):-)
Love facebook
Coo
A good way to keep up with friends and family no matter how far!
I refuse to dl another battery draining app that used to be handled from 1 facebook app, shortcuting mobile page and uninstalling all facebook apps... lame move peeps , lame move....
Great way to stay in touch
Not open????
It keeps on force closing whenever I do anything with the new update. It's really annoying, so please fix. **Just lowered stars because it's REALLY annoying now**   Ps. It stilll force closes on me... but not as much
Its k
Having to install another app to receive Facebook messages is stupid, next we will probably have to install another app to upload pictures or view groups.....
Love
Basically you are handing over your life to Facebook when you download this. They have access to your phone to call and text, your messages to see what you've been saying, your camera to take pictures, your address book to spam your friends...and much more. Too many permissions, Facebook!
Something Is Wrong With My Facebook When I Open It, Please Fix
Facebook

Facebook is like fast food.  Everyone uses it but no one likes it and you know its bad for you.
Loved it
The way everything is set up needs improvement, its not so simple for people newer to facebook to use. Although posting pics and that sort of thing is simple once you get to where you need to be.
nice one,,
Loved it
It only shows important news feed
Freezing alot. Won't work, messaging don't work, comments won't load. Crappy
This new update is the worst! You forced me to download something I dindt want and that's something I hate the most
Cool
Always says error with network or force closes
Dinde
Nice app
Good
I love fb
its cool
Ever since I installed the newest update I can't use the app... It just says setting up facebook or just a moment... And the few times it has actually loaded it only lasts less than a minute then it says that facebook is not responding and closes it... I have tried uninstalling it and reinstalling it many times and I get the same results...
I cnt send msg without messenger ??
Good application
Facebook
This app has all I need to keep in touch with my loved ones, in my opinion it still needs to make some improvements on some of the feature apps and tools that it has.
Error after update
Boo
Haven't had a problem with it yet :)
Cool
Beast update for the s4
Apik tenaaannn
It is so much easier to navigate through, so thumbs up for that. All the updates have been great and made the app so much better.
bht mast chiz h
I like it
Great
Ne raboti sranjeto da mu ebem glavatA
I am currently Reinstalling the app *again* to see if this fixes the issue. I dunno if its the OS for Android, or the update on Facebook or what, but it freezes constantly. Doesn't matter if you restart the app... I have to restart the whole phone for it to start working again. So annoying.
Great
Amnoria
Una historia de miel, Amor.
Nice ap
Informative
Greaat
V good
Love it!!!!it work succesfully..
Good
Irfanbadguzar
Plz update that I can't mention any names in my caption
Bagal
Its okay
New facebook
Salam.meenadathoor
Love this!!! A little slow sometimes but I love the features!!! And it does ocassiinaly stop working!!! Other than that I love it:)
Keep
Its more easier to use
It's a bit awesome in a great way
Assalamu Alaikum
I have deleted Facebook messenger and I'm going to delete Facebook on my phone! I do not want you to take video or pictures with my camera!!! This is ridiculous that I have to worry that some creep is looking at me or my children in the privacy of my own home!! Horrible I'm calling out Facebook to take all the features off of these apps that can go into our personal information text messages, video, pictures and personal accounts on our phones now!!!
Gets aggravating
It makes too easy browsing for anyone
The best
So good
its very good update. its perfect but video playing runs in Facebook app no ability to play a video in another apps or to download , feature that previously present . do i'll rate it 4 stars
Can't install
The old fb was better now this new fb is a waist. Its always saying facebook not responding every 10 mins and it just freeze and alot gose on wrong Please Change it Back And Fix Bug Fix Everything  ;-(
Nice
wohoooo ,..........
DO NOT UPDATE!!!
Its good
Sangat terbaik,..
Too slow on loading, uninstalling this app and switch to mobile web
Well i cant use facebook app tp message other people, now it forces me to downlpad messemger app for facebook which takes up a lot of ram and always crashed my phone, i restart my phone like five times a day because of messenger, facebook app already takes a lot of ram but together with messenger is even worst, im deleting this app until a future update that doesnt force you to download messenger for facebook.
Nice  one for special one..
Nice app
Awesome
Fb connect.........nice nice and nice.
The lagging on facebook in samsung galaxy s duos2 please fix and the messenger
Ok
Vh
I have a galaxy s2 and all software is updated. FB videos won't play and haven't for days. Very frustrating.
Scrolling through different feeds is apparently too much for the app to handle.
News feed get stuck when scrolling. What seems to be the problem? In Samsung Galaxy S4?
I like it
Soo nice
Nce
This update just forces the app to shut down
Love
As of yesterday, it was fine. Today it slowed down then stopped working. Tried reinstalling it but now I get an error code when I try installing it. Messenger also stopped working. Won't open the app...
Hanging up. And every update eats up phone memory.
Good app
I absolutely hate it!!!!!!!
Awsame
It continually force closes or doesn't respond at all or the screen goes black before it force closes! Please please fix this!! Grrrrr
Great
communistic apps. don't belong n the united states the CIA/NSA is enough invasion of our privacy  . !  just another form of "SPYWARE" PLZ. !
Getting worse.
Good on my galaxy note 3
Distribute granite slabs to fabricaters
I feel like facebook
Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
It is very nice app
Problem didnt upload to my tablet says unknown error 24
Cant play most of the videos with this update
Pos. Why did u have to screw with it. Newer isn't always better
nice 1
Facebook
Herbalife seller
Loved it
Needs work constantly freezing and lose bonuses
Good
Slow, memory hog, force closing. Uninstalling bec you guys are also forcing me to download fb chat app, wc will hog my memory too for sure.
Familying. Godbless
Keeps crashing or causing my galaxy note 3 to reboot.
Keeps closing all by itself. Please fix this. Very annoying!!
Fallow the fun with friends and family
Love it
Dope
Nice
Amazing....
Good job
ji super ji super ji...
Super
Good...
Okay
Good app
After the latest update the app force closes every time I open it. I thought this app sucked before but now it's horrid.
Too many spammy accounts
Facebook
Facebook
Thanks
I try to install but no installing.
Do not appreciate that I cannot send msgs without having to download yet another app. Did not like FB Messenger-uninstalled.
This app is great. :)
it is amazing
Doesn't open keeps saying setting up... Fix issue!!
Cool
Ok
The older Facebook design quite slow but very classic design. But the new more fashion. But do things faster. No more swipe left or right screens or press the icon.
Karbonn A12+
Please don't make Facebook messenger separate ..
Okay update was good im satisfied that you can finally reply to people in comments but one thing it only needs is a custom privacy so I can choose who can see my posts. Plus Theres some bugs it doesnt let me view all comments when I touch previous comments I just see the same comments over and over and its annoying, please fix this you were this close getting 5 stars.
Trying to like friend's comments and posts. Keeps telling me "abusive " & "action unallowed" ??????????
Hate having to install new messenger app.  I like it seem less - not broken
Not letting Me upload my pictures. Its very annoying please fix this problem!!
Nice
It is very fast
No more messenger!!!
It continues to crash
Facebook's the best guys
I love it.
It is a very fine for facebook.
Being forced to download a seperate application to message friends is bullshit. Other than that no further problems. Thank you.
Kool app
Need to fix how contacts are synced.....facebook wont even sync with my android at all
Wont let me watch videos it will but when i click its just a picture with sound not the actual video Facebook is starting to suck. They try to read your text and phone calls its called privacy you stalking assholes
Thanks it
Very Good
!!
Super
It's good app
Its good
Always crash everytime I open it
I cant download it on my phone!!!!!!!!!!
I prefer web
Every other day this app is updating it is ridiculous takes up to much space on phone for what it does
Frequent crash after this update, HTC M8
Good
Wont download
Like it but I cannot get the fb icon to go on on my phone,I have to go to the app store that I got it from to open it amd half the time it wont open!!erggg
Hmm. I think this is not yet update because I want a true iphone theme :))) Hahah   Please update it as soon as possible . Thanksssss. :))))
Does not work    better to google it does not work the app is so bad facebook should go bust still will not let me see comments in my post
First class
Keeps saying my password is incorrect
To be close to the family and friends
I hate that I have to download messenger to use my messages. I won't do it. And until it's fixed I won't move up the rating.
Bed versio
Awesome
Prefer older versions where they didn't force people to install extra messengers
Work well on my droid Max HD. Invasive tho. And don't want to download messenger .
No pictures unless i say so 100%thankyou
Good

Everytime I open Facebook, it says 'Unfortunately, Facebook has stopped' please fix this.
Excellent
Notifications don't work.  In the app,  I push the "globe" notification icon and Nothing happens
More better
Facebook
Updated my e1, original fb app dissappeared, now on install says incompatible update. Please fix. Will then give 5 stars.
When i update my facebook on my samsung mobile i can not open my message if i wont install messenger. So now i need to install messenger just to read my inbox.
Love it
I hate the fact that the Facebook app uses 169 mb on my phone.
App just randomly crashes out now... Its very annoying please fix
When updated takes so so long.
i realy love it
Perfect
Facebook sucks
Nicedudes
Facebook
Bring it back.
Keep on force stopped, not respoding grrrr !
I  did  the  UPDATE  AND  NOW  NONE OF MY  FRIENDS  VIDEOS WILL NOT  PLAY  ,MIGHT  DELETE  FACEBOOK.  PLEASE  FIX IT.
I love it
Yup
One of the best app
Goood
Smooth!
I updated app on my phone and tablet and does not work on either device. I don't have time to log on on my desktop very disappointed with Facebook, its just allowing me to forget Facebook all together and not use the app at all.
It doesn't download well.
Amazin
The app would get to the main page and it would say no posts to show then it would not respond and force close on me.
It worked just fine and the last update broke it on my Dell Venue 8
Love it
Good
This update messed the app up it was perfect now nothing loads like it should fix please! !!!!
My bast
86160189
I love Facebook
I love it
I love y
Perfect for learning and funny things
Really FB??? My phone hates the new update! Gonna have to uninstall to get my phone working again!
Wa
Awesome
Boooooo... Its super duper slow on android..
Requires invading my privacy in every possible way
Its not working as older versions.hope it works on my new iphone 6
I really do not care for the new features, I don't like the way you can not private message without the messenger app, and the notifications are really buggy
The app will not responding when I'm surfing in the FB Groups for more than 10 minute..please fix this issues.
Since most recent update it kept shutting down randomly and not updating so I uninstalled it and tried to reinstall and it won't get past 93% so I guess I'm not going to have the app since it won't install
love facebook
Still rubbish....it doesn't work on my phone , and I don't want your intrusive fb messenger ......sod it I won't bother trying to put it on my phone again .....I wouldn't give any stars if I had my way
Theres a problem using this Facebook at my android phone.!
Its been terriable the last few days!!!
Very nice
Very UNSTABLE and CRASHES from time to time upon scanning News Feed.
Love it
I love this app very muchh
Awesome thanks
I don't like this update. When I click pictures it is blurred and it's so slow! Not like before. Please fix.
habagat
Facebook
jaandaar
Nice way to stay connected n faster with new updated
Da fuq. VERY BAD. VERY BAD.
It is perfect it slowed my phone down but it is a great app.
I give you 5star, i dont wanna anything else. Please dont be unresponding!! Its hard for me to open!
Sangat baik
It's a good app
Very good so far.
Ok tp slow skit
It always shuts its self down. Starting not to like it anymore
It freezes up to much.
Facebook is turning into an ad full kids website
I don't think you should be forced to download the messenger app to see your messages first of all not only does it invade our privacy like our text messages access to our SD card can make calls or texts that can cost us money you have access to our all of our contact's pics and call log to our Google to see what we like! Facebook you and your messenger app have access to about all of our information and I'm sure you sell it and that is so wrong because you know people will just accept the terms to use it!
Doesn't play videos. It keeps say could not play
Facebook
I ove facebook
Cool.
Cedric
Good
Babu madan
I try very hard to download this app until now i cant download this app
I Post something and it ain't even there
Faster
The News Feed changes back to Top News every time the app opens.
Facebook
This app is terrible! Pictures take forever to load. And my notifications are always unable to view! wtf. Fix this.
Everything is saying its been put on fb "just now" and my comments are gone!? Wtf?? 5 star when sorted
I lve ths app.
Freecoins
I like the app but I cant message my friends unless I have the fb messenger like what is that!?!
This doesn't work now on my HTC one m8 at all I can't even scroll up or down just nothing since I had to download that messager app which I don't like
But It hangs
It's real good w/ it. Now I can see my old friends from Elementary school. Plus through high school. However, I hav to be extremely careful. Cuz there's a lot of bad people who do crazy stuffs
Self working
098251033
Apps store
Facebook...the whole site..the BEST..!!!!
Very quick and sharp
It's ok I like it
Five stars if you enabled messages again on fb app and didn't have to download messenger and you did!
Does not install right. FIX THE PROBLEM. ..
Better but still not perfect
Useful app
Halamanku
awesome
Awesome
Excellent job well done
Theres way too many problems with playing videos. Sometimes ill go to watch a video and then i try to watch it again later and it says unable to play video and whenever i do play a video it pauses every freaking second or few seconds even though the whole video loaded and its SO annoying. Please fix it im having this problem on my phone and tablet
Video's won't play since reinstall
This app is amazing I love it!
WHY DOES THIS APP NEED TO READ MY SMS AND MMS TEXT MESSAGES???  THAT'S NONE OF YOUR BUSINESS!!! And why is my internet browsing history any of your business???
Change it back!!!
I have to go through the install app to open every time, as otherwise it reads "setting up app".  My security app also doesn't like this update.  Fix it fast!
I have to download massager app just to see my massage
Luv it!
Good
Facebook is the best thing for keeping in touch with family, friends, and coworker's around the country and around the world.
Not counties working. Download error.
It's always hanging! And it wil say "Facebook has stop"Please fix it! So that I can give you 5¡ï!!
i give 5stars because i cannot install it in my galaxy s4 .maybe you can fix it ..as i gave you excellent, proved it to me
Very nice application
Facebook is the best social media in the world

Took out the chat. Don't want to download messenger.
Nice
It always f*cking stopped!
App keeps freezing up and just forcing itself close since I last updated it,  its making it impossible to do anything
when will facebook application free us to choose which application to use when attaching a picture? not opening every picture in the device (which mean i have to scroll over 13.000+ picture ) i prefer to open as a file manager so i can see the folder
Lovee it
Nothing will load plus it took me a week just to log back in
Cant install it i tryed updating it and still happening FIX IT !!!!!
Love it
I can't upload my videos from my phone. I can photos and statuses but videos. Please fix this
So it updated 2 times on my s4; I cant get any of my notifications. Keep saying none. It wont let me sync with my pictures nor calendar.  Uh whats going on!?
I can't watch videos
Can't watch videos no matter how many times I restart my phone or uninstall and re install the app.  I don't see what's so new and improved and let's not even get into the fact that now I have to use more of my phone space to download messenger, ugh. Really annoyed!
Cool
Videos won't play properly....
I so love fb
Everything i try to watch a video it comes up with an error message xperia z1
New video player is terrible!! When you hit back coz you don't want to watch it it continues to load in your news feed using your bandwidth. Also not good if the video turns out to be inappropriate! Used to use mx player to view videos which gave me full control of the video, facebook one has terrible interface!!
Why does it open Facebook messenger when we want to send message from original app? Why can't we send messages from original app as before? Make it as it was before so we can message from app as before.
But its laggie
I love this app you don't have to worry about it freezing up
Facebook. .. what can you say :-)
Porfa pongan otra
NO INFORMATION,MY SILENCES,
I am addicted to Facebook
Videos won't load. Constant error message
Love it
Loy
Good
I have to uninstall & reinstall everyday because it freezes
Yes
Wa
Its getting worst!!! Fix this!!!
Facebook
On kitkat
Very good
Unnecessary updates has brought many bugs! Pages stop loading; notifications tab gets stuck on a specific story; multitasking bugs,...! I'd rather opt for the mobile site instead! That way I wouldn't need Messenger app either.
There hasn't been much changes to this app in ages just the same old Facebook.
Love it
Lies about how much space it takes up. Starts at 25  meg, turns to over 300 meg an uses all your phone memory. Ram.
Good
works for me
CANT PLAY VIDEOS!
Every time I get Facebook it freezes.....what a pos........so I think it need to be work on a lil more.... May be a lot
I hate you facebook.  I dont want to download messenger. & I hate the update. everything about it.
I hate everything about this app. From seeing posts from one week ago, to how slow it loads. I even hate the design of the feed.
Terlalu membatasi pengguna
ok
I am learning!!!  Aug. 22, 2014 -
Why i can't tagging my friends? And sometimes the search are not available please fix this..
Need more improve
Whatever update you guys did, it's making Facebook a 'dead app'... Please fix it.
It would be a lot better if it would load faster. & go back to the old. Don't like having to go to a different app for messenger. If things don't change I'll delete Facebook soon.
Worked great now won't go past the screen that just says setting up facebook. No matter how long I wait it just won't load up. Please fix this.

Download slow
Facebook messager.
Uninstalled.
Since the update,  it takes forever to load ANYTHING. Keeps force closing, not responding,  or continues "setting up" please fix!!!
No compliants
ok
Fix your update you douche bags it doesn't even work. It crashes and messenger crashes.
I love this version
I like it
I can't send any messages on Facebook via the messenger app and they just won't send. To be fair, I'm not sure if it's a FB glitch or an app glitch, but it's pretty annoying. My friends are able to use the messenger feature, but it's telling them that mine is broke.
Like
Wont let me see videos what so ever ¡­ really annoying
Good application
THE BIG WORLD in the world
Nice way to keep up  with friends and family.
Im always on Fb, no matter what time or day.
I can't download this apps. Why!? Ugh. -_-
Nice...
Wow
this won't even let me like stuff  what do you get to do on it.
Used to be able to chat with friends with just this app but now, it requires messenger which causes my phone not to auto sleep.
Wordless to appreciate
To hard to install this app.
Can't login says password is wrong ,omg fix this !!!!!!!!
Loved it
Will not load says needs more space no matter how much you delete it still wont load!
Videos that are uploaded will sometimes not play and say that there is an error.
App
Is probably the most flustering app I have. Wont let me upload anything never notifies me of emails, and makes me want to scream into a pillow. And now with the insane permission required... I'll be deleting this app right now.
Too aggressive with the permission grabs.
I don't really feel its ok to force people to download the Messenger app...Facebook already takes up a lot of room in peoples phones no one would want to download another app just to get a message. People would be better off just texting each other. I am giving Facebook 3 stars because I am refusing to except the Messenger app. Make it optional again and I will give Facebook 5 stars until then its staying 3 stars.
I was about to download this app until I read the permissions...REALLY?  I don't know who's worse Facebook or YouTube....I wish I might!  I'll keep accessing these sites the old way...you guys are getting friggin' carried away now!
Facebook is good meet so many people
This app is nice when it doesn't cause my Torque to have a storage meltdown. Your developers in California really need to create an option box so that this app can be moved to the SD card. Please figure this out in a timely manner & add it to your next update.
Yeah
Once I need to replace my profile picture with an older One , fb posts the same picture as a new one.
Alhamdulillah adanya fb ani dpt prtemukn ibu dng ank yg jauh d sndkn trima kseh
This app was OK, latest 18 august 2014 update has turned it into a laggy piece of crap. Typing a status update is painful to endure. What is the point of updating to make things worse?
It's not only fb messenger that looks at your SMS and MMS messages on your phone, THIS APP DOES IT TOO. check settings of the app for proof
Stop stalking me.
My battery is draining so fast cause of this app. Says 39% usage is to Facebook Wtf!?!?
:/
Ever since the update I have had nothing but problems with this app. It uses up hundreds of megabytes and requires way too many permissions. My conclusion Facebook you can definitely do better. And BTW I strongly dislike like the messenger app what happened to the old Facebook.
It is very slow, the buttons are over sensitive, and messenger is required? Wtf..
pffff
nice
I go to watch any video someone shares or updates and it tells me an unexpected error occurred this is bullshit
I love it (:
The messenger hacked me
Now you have to install messenger App jut to have a personal conversion when use to be all in one.
When I Go To Message Someone It Will Say That It Isn't Working Or That I Can't Message That Person , Please Fix ?
This application doest really work I need to install  another application to send message it always ruin my stuff please fixed it. .
Mua
Good but not v good
I hate that failbook now forces you to download messenger if someone sends a PM. Blow me with that. I'm not downloading it.
Tight
I hate messenger app, so useless. I will NOT download. Will uninstall Facebook app, I don't like feeling force to download something in order to message my friends. Might as well use my computer to access Facebook.
The hell with your facebook app i cant even send a fuckin  msg to a friend and u think  u guys hav a good communication site nd apps u guys cant even control or set up the app go die i even want to cancel that one star also
New ui update looks good but gotta add that material design touch in it
Generally
You need to stop being creepy......
I facing a problem when I loaded some things its say trouble to load try again plz fixed it
Tapping into call history, camera, microphone and more with out the user/owner's permission. What do you intend to do with this info or when you tap in to our cameras? I don't understand.
You know I would really appreciate if you guys stop trying to force me to get the messenger app. I don't want it yet whenever I try to go through my messages without it, I only have the option to get the app or learn more. I can't just not message people without it. Please get rid of this or I'll just uninstall Facebook completely. If I want the app I'll get it.
The best app :)
It's a Facebook app so wats  wrong
Messages arnt sending.
Messages will not work neither will notifications .. Also there's a lot of hacking since the new messenger app started being required
Good
Great app
Its deleting my  message's n not letting me see them anymore. Some time it will say the message have been move to messager n I don't want to download app. Please fix the problems with the messages
Not loading!!  Pls fix this.
=
This app is okay but I strongly dislike the idea of having to install a whole other app for messaging, especially when that app has the ability to access basically your entire phone. I find that absolutely sketchy and even a possible invasion of privacy. DON'T FORCE THE MESSENGER APP ON THE INNOCENT PEOPLE.
Sucks on the Galaxy S5.
Better than going online the app is just in front of you!!!!!!
Why must I install messenger. That app sucks
Runs slow and crashes constantly!
The newest update is very frustrating. It keeps defaulting to "Top Stories" and takes several steps to switch to "Most recent". Then it will just switch back on its own.  I don't even want to bother with opening the app.  It's also ridiculous that you are now forced to have another app to you the messages.
The new upgrade? So the government can see every little thing we do not just on facebook but on our phones and threw our cameras? I think not
Constantly force closes... Will not let me watch a full video without giving me an error message and closing the video if this is fixed I would like it a little bit more but nothing to fall in love with
Ok put the messaging back on this app or I will end my fb account this is bull fb messager is to personally violating for anyone get this fixed and keep it the way it was cause I dont want you watching me 24 7
Well since i had updated....so far I can't even watch a video and the app keeps freezing up..and also u guys managed to completely erase the inbox feature to force ppl to get the messenger app..u guys are literally running ppl away!!!! That's not guud at..u could at least give everyone an option to get the app or not!!!
Since the last update I keep getting the message that Facebook has encountered a problem and has to close. Please fix it or let me know how to uninstall the latest update.
Loved it
No body wants to have messenger.... why do you keep changing this it's not right and people are going to stop using it all togeth
I love this app . But my phone is hang because use this app
Poopoo kachoo bing bang boom!!!
Great
Everything on my S3 works fast except for Facebook
I don't want to download your app to reply to my messages on Facebook and I can't sort my news feed out from top stories to newest posts. This app is bull crap!
Love facebook
It is great for the first use
iluilu
Did not let me send messages
Its not letting dowload it on my galaxy s3 it stays on the 93%
I cant even log in to facebook any more and i need it since my phone is out of service at the moment
I loved it but it acted up at times it got me tight but facebook instagram kik family friends bestfriends baes those are oe n oovoo 
It stuck too much kmt
Mehh
Me start on this Facebook crap
This app runs super heavy on resources and as such drains battery. Please make this less resource intensive.
Don't move. Fb msgr sucks.
Can't send messages, can't tag photos, can't see certain photos, not getting notifications... whats the f****n point of this app at all!!!!!
good
Not able to send messages through the app or on messenger....
Good apps
Getting tired of the personal invasion. May start using Mobile browser soon.
Every time I try to do something on the app it just instantly fails...
Awesome
I cannot send messages!
Runs to slow and network isn't good
Good
After the most recent update,  unable to view any videos. There is a gross invasion of privacy when it comes to Facebook and our personal details.. I'd have thought that the least they can do is provide us with a fully functioning app!!
Very slow
It won't let message or see them at all
Messages aren't loading or sending. Keeps saying "something went wrong, please try again" fix!!!!!
Wipe on wipe off
Every time I send a messages it fails 2 send and it isn't my internet so fix and fix now
But old version
Faecbook
Good
Completely stopped being able to receive and send messages
messages I had in my inbox are no longer there and I did NOT  delete them. I refuse to install messenger because of privacy issues.
It stopped showing my messages and sending messages and it says i have no notifications when i do. I really wish they would fix this
Always showing error connecting to network since the update. The network is fine, btw. Faster than ever. Only this app got sillier than ever
Keeps needing to force close
Getting slower after updated. Fix it.
I love Facebook, or at least used to. Why should i have to download another app to talk to people on YOUR app. Facebook has force closed itself 10 times in the last 2 minutes. I will be deleting Facebook soon but i can't even use the app. I'll give you some time to fix it but if it's not done soon, you will be delete.
It's not sending my messages
Its sucks its always glitching and messing up.
What is going on fb your letting your self get controlled sad
News feed not coming thru and nothing from fb about the problem. This happened before and I had to factory reset my phone. I'm not going thru that again. This problem need to be fixed real quick or I'm out of here...
Randomly never works on.app or fb
Hi I  am awesome kthanks :p
BRING BACK THE MESSAGKING FEATURE!!!!!!
All of a sudden I am unable to conversate with any of my friends.

Sucked dick
Is app just sucks with the new update. Every time I try to check on a page it kicks me out of FB. I'm about ready to delete the app all together....
This app has its moments
Very good
Forced to use apps we don't need
Wont work
To slow line wtf really

Cool
How long i must wating for setting up facebook? 
Deserves a zero star rating now you bjtchs should smd can't even make a good app
After last software update and app update it keeps lagging, and closing itself at every 10 minutes...
Making me download messenger to chat not good I don't want it..
Still can't play videos like what is really going on... Extremely fed up with Facebook.. They are always updating and messing things up even further... I'm over it
Seriously need to get there crap together.. there's constantly something that doesn't work. I won't download the messenger app and now I can't even see my messages on the Internet. Keeps saying "something went wrong" just put fb back to the way it was already
Like
Facebook messenger and chafing
I logged out then tried to log back in and it said ERROR
I like it alot but i dont like it that u force us to get the messenger and the messenger doesnt even have a sign out option please for andriod users can u please not make us get the messenger
Facebook
Nice
The new update succkkkkkssss!!!!! Can't message people need fixed
Gets stuck on my phone....
It won't let me message anyone anymore. I want to click on notifications but I won't let me
It keeps dropping my board,like a phone that drops calls and I'm referring to the new update
Updated app on android tablet, crashed my other apps, and froze OS. After reboot app stays on setting up facebook
Excellent n faster than u expect download 2dy n enjoy with ur friendz over d globe
I can no longer send a message it says it has failed everytime
I CANT F****** MESSAGE ANYBODY! F*** YOU FACEBOOK
The latest update keep crashing everytime I comment with photos please fix this bulls***
Can't access my messages through the app, through messenger or through the mobile site. You guys really need to fix your sh*t! This is getting ridiculous. Why send out updates if the updates don't fix things and then ruin other features that worked perfectly fine!! I'm about done with Facebook entirely!
Facebook is awesome! But Security and privacy could be a heck of a lot better than what it is.... the whole privacy on FB is really horrible....
I cant see my messages it seems like every update gets worst and worst.
It's not letting me go to Facebook it keeps saying "setting up Facebook" and that is all it is doing :( :( :( :( :( :(
Facebook app full of bugs
What the hell is rong with you guys what is with chat another stupid act like this you will loose one more user along with the hundreds youve lost when we HAD to use messenger.......stay way from my cam
I don't like how I can't get into my account settings and have to have Facebook messenger to inbox people
I havd had Facebook for 2 years and now my messages are not sending and im noy the onlh one others aswell ots all over my status why aing my mail sending why aint my messages sending thinges like that so u need to bee sorted it out
It I doesn't show my messages an I constantly have to get off of it because it stops working. Fix it or I'll uninstall it.

i meen i love facebook so ill try but i tryed it before on another phone and it keeps on freezing
Am un able to send messages and is not my internet because i can still play online games
so many updates so much stuff being wanted bout to go back to MySpace at least you have more privacy
What the hell is wrong with this application ! Fixe it please !
It doesnt work sometimes fix it
Issue with uploading
only
It wont let me veiw or send messages
It wont let me check my messages
Message Inbox isn't working. None of my messages are showing. Please fix!
It won't let me upload videos, have notifications and  messages please fixs ASAP!
This messenger is craps it don't work can't get in messages and the internet Facebook won't let u either is all crap
It won't show any of my messages
Why does Facebook need so much background access to my phone? It makes me feel extremely uncomfortable giving God knows who access to everything on my phone. If I'm making a phone call or sending a text I don't want to think that it's all being recorded on some remote computer for who knows what. For that reason I'm uninstalling this app and I would highly recommend that everyone else does the same.
Great app!
Like others have said.....does anyone even read the reviews!!!!!??? It is getting worse with each update I can't stand it! Comments and statuses don't post.  I can't view friend's pictures! Ugh!                                  -Update to last review. ..oh yea you suck even more fb! NOT compatible at all with the galaxy.  I have an s3 ...hopefully it will improve some once I get an iPhone
Whats wrong with my messages it wont let them up date
I cant send messages. Wtf?
.. You need to stop with the advertisements, I mean yeah have a couple but I'm sick of seeing about 20 an hour.
The chat isnt working that well &&' so does the notifications-_-
good
I love it...just wish that all the recent post be on top instead of all scattered through in between dates.
Forcing install of messenger app.
Hot app
Got virtual friends 10/10
New update app won't work now.
Now I can see my messages fix it!!!!!
Michoacan
Fix ! I can't send meesaqes n it shuts down
Can't even get any of my messages lmfao
The "facebook app" and "messanger app" icons appear in bad quality
Why aren't messaging working? When I go to message someone the messages don't go to the person and its start to bother me
I cant see or send my messages
It wont even let me update it
Face vidaa
Shuts down too often...pathetic
Crashes constantly,even worse with messenger -_-
Because of the different updates and the fb messenger, my fb account inbox wont work/open. Kindly fix this problem please
Awesome
The app is not working, and when it does work, it only shows old posts!! Update it!!!!
Its not allowing me to send messages keeps saying something is wrong
OK. I want all in one app. You want me to install messenger? D.E.L.E.T.E. ... I just installed tinfoil, and it gave me a  Facebook app like I want. Sorry Facebook. Until you put messages back again in your app, I'll be using other means to access your network.
I love you Facebook
Bu
I don't know if its my technology I use for Facebook my messages doesn't work if so fix  it
It won't load my messages and says something went wrong try agian
How can some things load and others says tap to retry.. WTF
Now it constantly is loading and i cant message people on that new messaging app updated it yesterday
Make the app size smaller
Messages can't be sent
But stop spying on us.
Thank God that they have a different messenger app. Now I can delete this heavy, battery draining app from my phone and tablet for good
After the update won't let me look at people's friends or about section.  Why would u update an already good app. Now I'm having nothing but problem's
supar fast
Let's see...when scrolling my timelime it will scrool ALL the way back to the top on its own and with no warning... turning notifications off from a post you liked or commented on doesnt work, u still recive a notification for each and every person who likes it or comments too. They took away the feature "messages" from this FB app and moved them to their horrible messenger app. So now you are forced to install another app on your device if you want to continue to veiw or send any messages.
Fearless
What's the point of having a facebook app if I can't use messages on it. I have no desire to download a secondary app to message people.
Not much better
Every time I open pics to upload Facebook just go blank and than I have to restart! Cant see if I open them and then they all come together rather than in folders :/ Very Disturbing and hard to find! Only happen to Camera photos which I took! Plz fix it! Thanks
ok
because when we make a free call i dont hear any thing plz fix
It never let's me send anything!!! It says message not sent ugggg
Forced messaging. Messages fail to send. Enters wrong chat after choosing desired chat. Check in adds place twice instead of once. After viewing picture, app brings you back to the top of the page instead of leaving where you left off. Cant comment with a picture.
I actually want to give you a ZERO rating. Your trying to do things you shouldn't have access to. My contacts text and personal photos. That is none of your business. I deleted your messenger app and refuse to download it again.
My messages aren't working
It sits at "setting up facebook..." and reinstall and reboot do nothing. Please fix this.
yass
it's now a great app
Awesome
IT MORE FASTER THAN D OLD VERSION
Bring back the old fb that i can message people off of its stupid to have two different apps
Video player still crashes
carmm
Love it
Lovely
Ok gotta give you all props on the ability now to respond to individual comments.  Great addition.
my feed is supposed to udate every 30 min.... the first thing is from thursday at 5:12 a.m.? crap crap and more crap. this company makes millions of dollars but cant have an up to date app? riiight....
I hate that im forced to install messenger eventhkugh I dont want to I think it should be optional
Its cool
I liked this app until it stopped letting us see our messages.
Wow
I love it
always not responding since last update
Try to play videos and it let's me watch a little and then shuts me down
Life. Stly
Good
Great way to connect with friends & family online
077902712
good
...
There is always something to look at
It closes by itself... Wtf, Fix it.
A++++
Gdsb
Con esta update perdio estabilidad y fluidez. Hay veces q ni siquiera inicia! Probe de eliminar los datos y la cache pero sigue andand pesimo :(
Great
Deleting the app on my Galaxy S5 and going to use my Galaxy S3 that's got the old version on it still.
Worst app
its ok really like it
this app keeps crashing I'll be using it then it just freezes and closes. didn't use to do that until I got a few updates the more updates I get the worse this app gets
Great way to kill time
Its ok
It would be better if I could message off it
If I could this app 0 stars, I would. I'm so upset with the fact that I can't access my messages without downloading Facebook messenger, I hate messenger and now I hate facebook because we need the app to acces our messages.
Loved it
Every time I click into a video it freezes my whole phone
Love you all nears and  dears
Plus no privacy.. it must know everything i do... caused my phone to feeeze... other than that bs ... its fine
My messages sometimes never load. And the notifactions normally dont work! Please fix and it will be a 5 star rating!
I attempt to watch videos and they freeze and tell me there was an error, sometimes it even crashes!
Always error n closed if i open my facebook..i dont know why?
Having an issue with keeping it open, it always force closes?!
sucks
Text
Ugh
I like Facebook
Love it
Bad
Need messanger
It's an app not life changing...
It's just soooo boring!!!!!!!
It just nice
Facebook Stop sending me inboxes to install messanger. .. I uninstalled it for a reason. I can't even delete these inboxes cause only choice I get is add app or remind later. I DON'T WANT IT
It's does the basic.....no complaints
Good app
Slow speed..hangs alot
Gotta love fb
great to have. easy uploads able to see friends and family and make friends
I dislike that they want access to every part of my phone and contacts
I use it to connect with associates an with my family in Afghanistan an Germany. ; ) great app I love Mexico.!!!
Very intrusive with its chat app! Just nuisance!
Its 2014 cmon
Problem s on the latest download. Always asking for another interface software. Needs a fix. Give us independent from Messenger App it's forcing us to use this. That's the problem.
Love it
Facebook
Love it
Ilove you alyssa
It is kinda weird it doesn't let me log in
The app was working perfectly fine on my galaxy before this recent update. Now everytime Im on,  it freezes, glitches, then forces close. I can't do  anything! I tried uninstalling and reinstalling but it didn't work. This sucks!!! Please fix it!!
Samsung Galaxy S4 user here. Updated recently to find out it is stuck in the "Setting up Facebook" page for forever. I don't mind neither do I bother about the move to the messenger, but now the main application is unusable. Please fix ?
Love the app
I waited soooo long to update this app because of the memory of my phone but I finally get it! I like the interface, the only problem is the messages, I like the messenger app but a lot of people don't like it, so it's kind of unfair to make them download it
Sucks
Yes
Fb
Playing video, stopping half way, then ERROR... has been like that for a while now on wifi or 4G
Alright
Xlent
Exellent
Updated. Keeps forcing closed. Uninstalling
Hi
Improve
One app is all we want...not 2
Not the best app, but it works.
I dont wanna download messenger why make us download it. I wont longer see my messages again. Please fix
Vaastav
The app
Whenever i want to play a video; it comes up with a error saying: "an unexpected error has occured"
i don't  like this
It's a great way to keep in touch with family quickly
Hi
Azing
Way to many crashes and all I did was log in. Don't like the new updates. Can't post or scroll down and my phone is only a month old (LG Volt).
download
Am deleting Facebook messenger. And you should to until they change there act
Finally had enough, am deleting!
Facebook
Brill
It's great but hard to enter
The app shuts down when it wants loads up when it wants running on Samsung Galaxy s5 it should be smooth but it runs like a first generation smartphone
Everybody can see what your doing  with the new messenger app I don't recommend downloading it
Annoyed that you have to 'like' and 'comment' to continue getting notifications from your favorite pages.
Everytime...why! What's wrong wit chu! ;-;
I can't play videos it always says error and it lags so much you guys better fix this or I'm deleting this crap!!!
Okat after the most recent update it has become broken, can comment on anything view pages or view posts, it FC on almost every action I do...  when I updated I uninstalled it cause it had grown from a 20mb program to 227mb thats an 10x increase..
It's alright but since this new messenger ting come out I was forced to download it and now my phone is sticking so please fix it please
Like.......5 star
I have a galaxy5 and the new upgrade sucks. Its making the news feed slow or not loading at all and it won't let me I load pics
I love it
Keeps telling me, facebook has unfortunately closed.
Jesus loves it
Now I can't access my Facebook at all. This needs to be fixed asap
Facebook
It let me browse through pages
Hiii
I would like to save or download vids/vines/gifs as its really important to me.
Good app
Chating
basic options. need more.
Don't understand why you need access to my text,camera and voice recorder
Reads, edits and can send fuckin texts.. useless permissions, might as well just take my phone, u have access to basically everything accept tangibly holding my phone. . U suck
It has been doing an update for over 12 hours, what is up with that? I was not asked to do this update, I can't get it to stop I have forced stopped, uninstalled app, removed battery and it starts back up and just keeps running
Way to reach old frnds
Excellent
Nice app
It's ok but Freeze's alot..and takes forever to load a status change ..I like the old Facebook better..doesn't show new story's ...
Hated
Wow

214
The new update does not work completely broken
best app ever
Crap..
Facebook
Continues crashing when attempting to refresh the feed.
karen tan
Born Again
Fast at loading, a very easy to use layout, but I think the "people you may know" section should either be improved or deleted.
Liked it
Facebook is forever ruined and I will be taking back my privacy by deleting my account
facebook esta perdendo a graca e as propagandas deixam o aplicativo desinteressante demais, so propaganda.
Very interesting
Please make it able to suggest friends
Having issues with speed. The app also locking up while scrolling and posting.
Good
syookkkk
Excellent
Awesome app
I dont like that Facebook is forcing individuals to Download FB messenger. I refuse to download it.
MAk sanam this tooooo gooooood
I was good not havin it updated i was still able to send MSGS wit out havin to install da messenger app DIZ SUM STRAIGHT UP BULLSHIT NO LIE
Mele me bichde do bhai yo ko bhi milale ye Facebook, the best social service dies!
Good communicator
Uncalled for..waste of download
Manika
How can I sync birthday alert and contacts?? I am not getting here
Good app
Whenever we open a link in fb it opens in another browser and when we come back to fb it open from a new update why ? Cant it be like that where we left from there it will open.
I need to install messenger to view my messages?! Come on! What of those that wouldn't have much disk space, huh? Don't be such greedy corporate, wanting more capital without considering your users.
I love Facebook....
Why have message notifications if I have to get a separate app to see them! That is so annoying
This Facebook is so awesome I could use like I don't know
Ballkan tel
The new update has now given me issues with viewing my notifications. I click it to check it and it does nothing. Frustrating! Never had this problem before. It's really annoying! I hate updates.
Its a world famous app ever nd successful than any other app
Ku bangga karna adanya facebook
Nagvansh
No longer works after update stuck forever on "Setting up Facebook"
Every since it updated it closes down and says it's not responding. Ready to get rid of it.
Very bad
Just about to delete Facebook!  So stupid. Keeps force closing! On top, asks permission to access unnecessary info they don't need to access!
You shouldn't need access to so much of my phone. This is bull!
It doesn't tell me when i have a message and it constantly wants me to download messenger , its late on everything and it just needs a update all the time or it wont work.
This apps awesome
Asoka
It closes down as soon as I open it
I have no idea why but I can no longer play videos on my facebook app. IT'S SO ANNOYING!!!
The app doesn't work you have to correct this i'll give one star also because of the bugs when it worked -_-
I love it.
Wwi
Softwear
What it is?
I love face book.
ok
Mindblowing
Lamrot Sissy1900@cam
Poor
Do fast it its very good
:)
Incompatible update on my new android version kit kat
Pleasure
Lol
I'll rate Facebook app  with one star. Some people may not like Facebook Messenger. I'm one of them. I don't think is right to obligate us to use Facebook messenger, we have to be given the right to choose what to use, either Facebook Messenger or chat in Facebook app.
Love
These permissions give them the ability to lisen to your calls. Check where you go look at you photos. Turn on your mic. And alot more STAY AWAY FROM FACEBOOK
Good
I love it
I
Love
Galaxy s3 works perfect
I like facebook
Use kr ky dekho dosto ty sajno ty bylyo.tc
Very nic good
You can't live without it.
Paattali makkal katchi
Invasion of privacy!
I love it...
Simple but nice...
Stop forcing people to use fbck messenger.  It's Very annoying and stop telling people to learn more about it. Once that is done would change my rating
Thanks
Good
Best
Nice
Improve the software dear
Good
force stop every time.  The older update was much better.
It's awesome . change the mind .
This app is getting on my nerves. I couldn't tell you how many times in one single day it just stops out of nowhere for np reason. Fix this app please and I will rate 5 star. But only if it completely stops force stopping
Superb
I  love  it
Good
Super.....
Good
Provides for u
Video error. Same as everyone else with a g3
Love apps
Keeps stopping and kicking me out.......
2kaudi ka hi
Love keeping in touch with friends
Can't upload videos. So bad !
Lov
Bolyeto ekdum dhasuuuuuu hey baap
The only thing is it slows my android hauwei phone down but its pretty good
Nice guyss
Does not operate on my device. Kindly resolve it.
bekar hai ji
Thanx
Great
Thank you so much Facebook
Can keep in touch with all friends and relatives
that is dumb, goodbye fb app...
Illegal y
Not sure why, but since the last update, i haven't been able to watch any videos on here. Everytime i try, it tells me sorry video player not working or something along that line. Please fix if you can. Not happy about this problem.
Its help me to touch up my friends and family...
Very nice
Jj
awesome app
Its gay
Facebook
This program is becoming as bloated and intrusive as our government. I've already switched from messenger to hangouts ... What will I replace FB with?
Ooooooo.....m
kenapa harus mahu pakai messejger lgi mau di instal
Very informative
SUCKS fb app either freezes or just closes on its own, this latest update really SUCKS! !!! Stop changing things that work cause we don't like all the new things you've done anyways. And I hate messenger should be my choice to down load not be made to!
now i am able to play videos
Too many problems ....
Since I've updated to the latest version no photos load and the mews feed laths like crazy!
Why do we need messenger for it now
Go back to the way it was before messenger and I'll re-download
Who is in the world don't like Facebook
Aswome app
Works
Ok
Much  better
I like it
Nice in use.... I like it.....
Very nice
Good
Lov
Why does FB need all of the info,  that I have to agree to enable to keep FB, That Would be like me asking the person that made Facebook about his whole personal life and everyone that he knows info about their lives,  and his life pictures of his family and all of that I mean would u agree to that,  that would not concern you that a complete stranger, and everyone that works for u has access to every thing personal about me and my family N friends, PLZ EXPLAIN WHY????
Tried to install all I got was incompatible app.
love it
No redeeming value whatsoever. Unstable, buggy, slow, unresponsive, notifications don't work properly. POS.
B
So bhari
Messenger should not need its own app, the new app sucks anyway, why can I make myself unavailable, I dont want calls on my Facebook, thats why i pay a phone bill. Plus why should I let u access my gps, camera, audio, etc. Wont be here much longer.
Superr
Layan  N
I only use Facebook to keep up with what's going on with friends and family.  Now the apps are immensely bloated and with all the "new features", actually less useful.  I refuse to install the new messenger app, and will soon uninstall this one.
Not impressed that I just updated my phone and now it says Facebook is now not compatible!!
good

Sherifi
Ok
Crashes all the time fix it
Great
Happy
Mohammad shehabuddin
Mohan kumar
I use whatsapp,hike bt facebook is one of the best.....i lk it
Slow, annoying,
Sprat
It's crap but needed in order to maintain contact with relatives
Not happy with Facebook cos when I check news feed...it freezes up and crashes then restart it again its the same! So having to uninstall then install all over again please fix this!
123654
Nice appp
Very nice
hi
For about the last two weeks every time I try to watch a video it plays for a few seconds then I get an error message, please sort it out.
22/8/2015
It's a fansta
Still hope that newsfeed automatically shows all news and "recent" do no remove post by pages/people I follow.
Since update randomly freezes.  Unable to block harassing community pages who post hate speech with immunity.  Unable to hide comments or report abuse.  One community page was allowed to ask me for nude photographs accuse people of child sex and use gay slurs all in one thread.  After reporting it was allowed.
I don't get on often. I find that it is time consuming to check up on all of your friends.. but the app works great. Just not for me. I deactivate a lot to get breaks.
I lv it
Good
Excellent
I don't know what's goin on with y'all but I think y'all should put things back to how they were!!! @$@p!!!!!!!!! #MESSAGE!!!!! 911
Lovely app
Notification do not work .. :(
Nesto se desava,nemogu dapokrenem, izgleda da svi imaju isti pro lem.
Is good
5star
Good
Nice..
THANK YOU!!!!
Grat way to keep up
:)
Good
If you're going to keep changing this app, how about changing it to make it run faster and smoother. Videos posted are slowing things down a lot.
Gud
It is very easy
Since updating won't let me watch any videos on Facebook.
It
Now we can't make free calls unless we have Messenger and I don't have storage left
I like it very much vicecall is easy and soft
My mum and dad are on facebook and they told me its cool so i think im going to try it!!!! Hopefully with  everyones reviews i will know how to do it
The ap was pretty ok and worked great but there is no reason that they need to collect that much information on me. That has nothing to do with facebook! You want to read my text messages? Why? Thanks but no thanks.

Shilu
Mast h yaar
Nice way to find old friends
Face book
Good
My fb app keeps shutting down. I haven't been able to access my fb without this problem For 2 days. Please look into this and fix.
Hate it now
Singh
The only problem is with my messaging. It has reached a time that I cant send messages without messenger application.
I teracting
TAKE HALF OF MY STORGE
sooo awesome thank you
I'm here strictly for contests and offers that require aFB account. Social media is nearly valueless in my life and i have zero intentions of keeping up with the minutia of my friends' daily lives. I've never had a FB account until today and I'm not thrilled about being here.
FB
I don't see the need of having the need to install messenger as well . it is such a waste of space .
Most useful apps share moments with ur frd family an others
Excelly
I love fb
Its good application I like it
It was a five, but now your app has gone to sh**.. Only reason it's still downloaded is because I get a hold of people on here.
Why is that if im downloading photo from fb to my phone the resolution is poor  . Please help
I like connecting with family and friends
Doesn't work the the same every time they updated we have problems!
It sucks,no privacy...
It gets stop in between
Can't play videos on the app anymore, but I can on the mobile site.
Daawat.
When I update this this apps it appears setting up face book and it took very long time
Rakesh
Keep me in touch with friends I like.
Facebook
Effective
879889644 7
Excellent
Love it
This app sucks
S.D.j
Number one actually
the app is amov
Remove the messenger! It sucks!
Liked it
Love it
Love  and peace is my moto
Super
Constantly crashing!!! Fix it
Notifications don't work
Its okay but I really wish it wasn't so heavy. Plus its a little choppy sometimes. I really think Facebook needs a new UI

Sattya hi god h
Update
Fix it
Haha
gjyh
Nice
I like it
Good
The app was freezing a lot so I uninstalled it and planned to reinstall it. Now when I try to reinstall I get an error message telling me the install isn't working '-24'. Help!!!
Cool
Its cool
New look for this apps is good..but the problem is why it is nescesary a facebook messenger was attach to this apps...i is a jerk ...
Keep it up!!!
Sucks none of the updates work right they just get worse
Plz add a feature to control quality of images while uploading. Most of uploaded images don't look sharp and at their best and original quality when viewed full screen.
Excellent
pOor
Works well
Yaduwanshi
Cannot install it due to the last update
This a world where a alonely person never feel alone...
I like it
Great app
In phillipines  if you have thousands or hundred of likers you are famous
Keeps force closing everytime I open it.  I have the S5 & I just now stayed having problems with it. I normally don't though.
With all the billions of dollars facebook brings in, you can't find and pay a decent developer for an app that actually functions with constant "force close" shut downs & restarts and does not take ove the entire phone to where it will not function as long as facebook is running and if you're using facebook and something else updates, you get a notification, text, etc, the app freezes your phone & shuts down. This is ridiculous. Either you are incompetent or doing it on purpose.
Constantly!!  If I'm on for more that a few minutes my phone freezes and has to restart.
New version is badone, facebook posting video not playing some handset. etc:Micromax A 250
So many like for this......
Mast
Dinde
Gooood
Jos Gandhos
Cant msg my friends and family with out messenger...#nogood
wow
Nice application.....for contacting all our world's friends ...! :-)
Very very very very very very very bad
Star
Loads slowly... always says no Internet
very nice...apps
Please fix this because it's always force closed on my LG P920...thanks before
Hamra bahut baniha lagal............
I can't even access Facebook. All it does is give me a blue screen that says "setting up Facebook." Please fix this it's been two days!!!!! I have uninstalled and reinstalled so many times still does not work!!!
K
Princeanima06@gamil
Its good i love it
Good
Awsome
After the very last update, I was able to preview whole links in my Facebook app. I thus uninstalled all my browser apps, gladly I have more space to use. After only a few days, this thing didn't work anymore and the app requested again to open pages through another application. What happened?! I want it back! I even cleaned out more space on my phone, hoping it will work once more, but it didn't... come on!!!! And I cannot play videos in the app (Facebook ones, not Youtube's)...
Broken: Can't send messages anymore. Bloated: 22MB just to read wall posts?! Spying: Have you READ the permissions?! Uninstalled. Will not install again.
Download
Palsuresh
It's taken to long
Good
Why need messager app!!!
It do it's  duty very well
Slow, clunky and problematic! Can't get passed 'connection lost' even when connected to wifi.
The best ever social media
Ok
Hi
Good
Super
Very slow..
Nice
I wish that there was a way to take pictures from your phone gallery to to facebook
No reason you need so much info and no eason to force your users to get messenger or otherwise you cant communicate accordingly. I use it just to keep in touch with my family out of state or country. We will start writing the old fashioned way again, try working on downloading better instead of becoming a voyour.
You ruin oculus rift.
Very disappointed with the last update.. especially with its messenger.. dafuq..
Mani
suck this app
The prime example of this is that there is no way to add an option to a question asked in a group. There are other areas lacking functionality too though.
Very gooood
When I search for something and I find it suddenly Facebook is stopped and exit fix it please
Takes most of the memory, runs background, no way to stop, and have to use a different one to chat
96259892
Search my acount
NOT VERY GOOD
I love you
Love it
Not improvement
Very nice apps
@@@
Its good but not so as l w as thinking about it.
This sh1t is ridiculous. Not being able to get my messages without another app was the final straw. Fu** this app I'm done.
Old feeds
Ahmed usman & hasnain are my brother s
But always hanging to get know new notificatiin.
With the changes to messenger it seems useless to continue using the app.. will use browser
connecting people...
Locks up force closes Try to update and it tells me invalid package file slower than grandma! Videos will not work on fb!
Patel
Waste
It takes timeee to download but at the end its worth it
Very bad...
Since the new update videos on my feed won't play get sorry unknown error message!!
Ok
Yall have really got it going on now. Most recent jumps from 30 minutes to 4 hours. Lol What a joke.
Thanks
Cool
Wonderful great way to connect with friends&Society!!
Woowwwww
Massenger Why i must  download it thars bad from u .. will be 5 if fix
Fine....
Not loading gud
It takes more than a minute for setting up the Facebook while opening it...... Really a very bad service developers!!! :@
This messenger app is ridiculous, if you want to force me to get an app i dont want i rather delete my account!!
Tried to log in on my phone, put my log in details in. Got a message saying I will be sent a sms to verify my log in. .......that was hours upon hours ago!!!!!! I use Facebook for work c'mon Facebook sort it!!!
a.k alone bt happy in fb
LOVE FACEBOOK
osman
nice
Can't update status.. keeps saying error something went wrong
This amp for some reasons keep shutting off. PLEASE FIX IT.
Fantastic
Since this latest update I tap the like button & nothing happens, so I can't like anything!!!!
If you're going to illegally spy on us at least make the effing product operate for us. It's freezing up and not showing the correct status updates as it should. Piece of steamy poop.
Excellent
It,s ok
Tengah mencari teman hidup
#update_sucks
It keeps going slow and then freezes....i also hate the fact i have to download messenger too. Why??? Stop changing it or i will delete app.
to much error...
Thanku for apps
I put my login deatils in and it loads but then automatically goes back to the login page and I have tried time and time again ive uninstalled it and everythong but it just wont work. PLEASE FIX
Nice
Excellent
Don't allow auto updates took 4gb in one day murdered my data plan w/ at&t otherwise 5 star -update still feel the same.
Now that i cant even access messages, there's really no point in keeping this app! Photos never load. I cant delete/edit comments i make nor can I delete comments made on MY page/photos by others! I hate the upload photos feature! I have to scroll through all photos on my phone, newest to oldest (there are thousands!) to choose the ones i'd like to upload. That's so time consuming & unnecessary! I would prefer to be able to choose from which album on my phone I'd like to select photos from.
Very good
All personal information you want to access it not fair or just I among other friend will stop Facebook unless you change settings
Cool
Its good like it
Ikrarmy San Sanbhyachanb bhyachan
It's a nice app I liked it
I very love
Photos are not visible on my mobile.loading symbol is applied
I enjoyed
Awful! Took too much memory and the privacy I was forced to give up and relinquish will cause me to delete my account. I don't trust Facebook to be honest.
With my kitkat 4.4 doesn't even install
Kamila Tamam@com.
Improve and put some new updates and fixtures
Makes you download messanger now! Like wtf
Nice
Like
Last update crashes all the time fix this please
What part of "Most recent" didn't Facebook understand? And why does this app suddenly skip to the most recent post whenever it feels like it. All I want to do is look at the posts on my wall from the most recent and working back. What's so difficult about that?! Nexus 7
I hate the new Facebook and Facebook messager
It should default to most recent post.
For an older versions
I love facebook it great
The amount of bugs and things that don't work correctly in this app is ridiculous. The most annoying is you can't even watch a video without it crashing or the video won't play at all.   Sort it out Zuckerberg...
Since the latest version is updated.. Always force closed,video is not working well,messenger is not compatible.. :( in my samsung tab10.1
This app used to be a must have, but the people in charge have made it progressively harder to use. The messenger is completely split out now and freezes my top of the line Galaxy S5 whenever I use it. Even if it worked, I do not need a separate app for fb messenger. The new top bar notifications are disruptive, stealing the focus from comments or statuses I'm writing. I will be installing it from my device. TDLR; You blew it, fb.
MUY BUENO
It saids Error 403 and I couldnt update the app to the latest version... Please fix
This app is horrible. I hate the news feed... if i exclusively used your app, I'd miss so much that is posted. I don't care about messages because I text the same people. The only thing this app has is the tagging and being able to edit/delete posts. I have been using the Friendcaster app for years and i love it. No app needed for messaging when I do want to use it and the news feed is most recent first. Use Friendcaster if the messaging is what bothers you.
A great one.. But some lag on samsung galaxy ace.. And also, the app size is a little too big
Very goooooooddddddd
Very very good
Great.i hv enjyd it
Is ke bina  jeewan neeras.Must to keep.
Large installed size is unacceptable. A browser app is smaller in size, and has fewer restrictions than this app.  However, for those who have FB pre-installed, and want to reduce the massive installed size (mine was 30 megs), first uninstall all previous updates, then install the latest update. Works for other pre-installed apps, as well. Half the updates aren't stable in some way. Unacceptable. The app should work better than using a mobile browser.
because of these apps.i meet my classmates and friendz
Facebook only freezes my phone up and over heats my phone,I can't get in Facebook without it shutting my phone down a few times and it is too slow I love it on a PC but not on my phone
This is very bad :(
I loved it. I m using this from 5 years. No any complain for this aap
Keeps crashing..

Mast
been barely using it and has been consuming around to 40%.. going back to fb on browser. also, and IMO huge amount of permissions and unnecessary functionality.
Just bought a galaxy s4 active 3 months ago. Installed the new update yesterday and it's been crashing every five minutes all day today! Thinking of deleting facebook off my phone! Fix this please.
Facebook
Excellent Application
Don't get alot
I can't play videos in Facebook every time a message will be displayed sorry an unknown error has occurred we can't play the video can anybody help how to modify the software
It's the best app for a student to keep friends in contact.
Landu app
It's great
N
Personally I've used my friends phone and my ipad for Facebook but I like the apple version better bring that to android
Have problems with program
Occasionally i find it difficult to get it going
Good book
Nice
Telling about 'session expired please log in again'. It irritates like this every 2-3 days...
It works great!
Facebook
Mendapat sambutan yg terbaik,, mendapat info semasa dgn cepat,, boleh bertukar pandangan sesama kawan2,, Terbaik dari ladang facebook, , nomber 1 line good,
great app
what happen to my inbox,.if I send messages of person not on my liat or no mutual friend they can't seen my messages
The update is terrible, gets my phone hanged.
Thanks
I like it
Lik
I hate massenger app it's very slow and it takes a big space of RAM and this makes user device slow . Lag .. the old shape version in facebook app was awesome
I loved it
It's very good but make a new shape this old one is good but make a better one
Know to unknown
Whenever I open this app it always says " unfortunately facebook has stopped"....... such a headache.....
It is so lovely!
Awesome
every single version gets more invasive...there is No privacy anymore!
Great app for browsing must of the time, however forcing us to use the spyware messenger app in the newest version is a crap move Facebook. Also when new updates are available in the news feed, it scrolls to a different position which is very annoying
Too many hiccups. boots me out of app completely several times a day. Messenger jams up entire phone. Absolutely hate having to go to most recent stories every time I click in... I mean, it IS a timeline; It should be in order!
Keshav bodliya
i use Fb app on my Ipad Air.. the UI is much better there...
This app watches you . Look at the permissions .
Facebook its a disaster
Love it
it always fulls my memory . every new version s huge in size. Irritated to really upgrade.. please reduce the size. also should come by default to sd card.
I love it
Nice (:
Takes up too much of my ram!!!
They force you to get messenger to view your messages why even have the messaging option in the app if you are just going to make us get messenger I don't like messenger one bit
Video playback is an absolute mess.
Samsung Galaxy II S - last update has slowed this app down to dial up speed.  Gettting tired of the "BAD" updates when its working fine they always screw it up.
It is very good
Nice
Muniriqbalmunir
Rana ranju ranju rAna
It always freezes..  Its always force closing or not responding...... It constintally glitches
Wath
Face Book
Iam very prodofiu Vikash
NOW ,comments aren't showing up,pictures aren't showing up..WTF IS WRONG WITH THESE DEVS!!!!??? nice "update". Starting to think this is one big joke.
Its a good app should be a little fast and the pic are not always on,do something about the pics
Can you bring back the "message feature"? Even a different version from the messenger app. It will be good to have the timeline, newsfeed and message at one place.
Good
It lag sometimes.
Its not working. Its automatically closed fix this I will give 5star . Old version is better
Kammmmm
Blessing. Today'.tv
I like this.......
Consuming 130 MB Of Ram! Please reduce to 50MB .. It makes my phone slower
Great apps
Loved it
Loved it
wow amazing..guys....really....
Doesn't load/work .. tried uninstalling and reinstalling but still doesnt work :/
Its too much space like fb messenger hate it
It's fine
This is the second time I have had to uninstall and reinstall it on my phone getting really irritated with it.
when I open the application facebook says application facebook (process com.facebook.kanata)has stopped unexpectedly please try again i hate this application now
Ndiyavuya xa kunje elizweni
Nyc........
I like new updates ther are great!! :D
i love  it
Very diffocult
Keep on sending push notifications for things I have already seen after update
I join the Facebook
To Communicate with others
No message without messenger r u get crazy man just unistalling it
ANNOYING!!,
Fun bundle
Grtttttttt
It was the best app now is only an app like others,.,...nobody can force me and you guys want to force me to install messenger?
This app is OK. I still have to get on my desktop computer to get some things done because the app does not have the same capabilities. In my opinion this app needs work.
Fine
Wonderfull
more convenient after the update.
Quit changing the design! You guys are constantly tweaking something that isn't broken. Leave it be! And get rid of messanger while you're at It.
Those three words keeps on popping whenever I download the app. Care to explain, pleeeeeze!
This app needs way to much permission. Deleted both Facebook and messenger. I will use my browser to get on FB.
i love this apps
To many intrusive permissions anymore uninstalling
Very nice
Just takes a bit long.
Amazing Social Contact...
But its too expensive
Woo it's a cool social network
Facebook
Ok
Ain
I don't' like it!
I think it could be a little bit better
Its ok, but needs to have bether ways to keep unwanted people whos harassing you to not be able to get any info on you.
Fuking
The Best! :)
Stop invading myspace! You have no right to do this! When is android going to let us have the control over what content apps have on my phone?
Not gettin it
The facbook its very nice
BEST APP
its very good
Very good
Dasun  navy    Navy
Love it
The change of FB why I gave such a low rating.  Main reason is being unable to have my news feed on most recent.  I don't care to have to scroll thru loads of weeks old posting to see the most recent. I hope this is fix soon.
Nice
really annoying with the comments always popping up
Is like a family
Leji
Cant upload photos, since the past few days.
When i press that notification or beside to other and when i press returned it just go back to other places. Sorry for broken english.
takes all space in my phone!!!! the f* is wrong!
Its great
Joined Facebook 4 days ago and have about 10 friends
D best fb ever
Facebook wants to invade on our privacy too much with the messager app.
Really superb
Thanks for this social network, only is that, been always not responding, please fix this.
Its So Very Log!!!  Please Fix This And I Will Give Five Stars *****
pls fix this!
Cant view just recent news. Dont want top stories. Fb top stories arent always top stories. Pls update and add toggle like web version
I love it but there seems to be some problems.. but none the less, its nice.
Good
So much uproar about Facebook messenger permissions. Facebook has been asking for the same ones for a long time now, only put it on the phone for a few moments then delete it
Good
I had the app installed on my other phone to which I got another 1, I reinstalled this app on my new phone yesterday, to which it won't allow me to log in on app or web now, it tells me I need to change defaults, but how am I to do that when I can't log in to either! I'm beyond frustrated.  FIX and I'll give 5 star's otherwise it will remain 1!!!
Facebook is keep on crashing each time I open it they have to fix it and update their Facebook. I REALLY HATE FACEBOOK RIGHT NOW and FACEBOOK REALLY SUCK
simply, Facebook
Nice application.
Good one app
I'm not a fan of using another app to message. For those who are crying about the extra permissions please educate yourself. Your default unremoveable Web browser has the same permissions as this application. This application runs off the Google browser runtime environment which has all those permissions you don't like. Blame the manufacturer of your phone. Not Facebook.
This app takes a lot of space and isnt light. Makes phone like mine (Galaxy Ace plus) very slow.
Messenger blows timeline sucks update completely non functional. G+ for me now.
Downloading
Gr8
Hir gadhavi
Osho

Not sure why I'm forced to download another app just to message people now!!
Collecting infos .. Ougghhh. Grrr...
After the last update, facebook keeps crashing whenever I get a new notification.
Cant see any of the profile pictures !
Amazing & the best
RAM hungry as hell. If you have not root with Greenify it will suck your memory. No option for being always offline. Try via browser
Best chat application ever 
Pay attention guys to the permissions required in order to download this app...there are lots of private staff that can be shown on public or even cash stolen without ur permission or ur notification.
its so nice .. but it takes a larqe space in my internal phone ..18mb .- 38 mb .. it makes a biq difference thats why i give 4 stars
Ths app is grt!?!!?
It doesnt refresh. I just uninstalled and reinstalled with older version.
Gud software running
Love u pyari
Doesn't ever work like it should! Doesn't load pictures or video with the latest update Keeps telling me I don't have Internet when my WiFi is on and loads randomly so that it won't stay on the thing I am reading
Well its ok but sometimes its going crazy...........
Nice
Aws app
Videos arent working. Only load half or a bit then stop. Says "sorry can't play this video right now". Please fix this.
2 things I really don't like is the mini feed gives old posts... And this app sucks the battery dry
fentastic
This app has been force closing all morning. You can open the app and read a status or two, then it freezes and force closes. Please fix this app! Galaxy S2
For everyone who thinks fb is taking uneccasary privacy from yu there not. Every privacy setting there is to enhance your experience. For example they want to record audio . They do that cause u can call friends who are online or record your voice and send it. Another example it takes your location. Because it's Facebook ever time u post anything you have the option to show the world were you took the photo . Every privacy setting can be explained. Just use your brain for once and stop believing everything you hear and see on Facebook . Or the Internet.
Nice aaaapppps
Auto logout...suck
There no point in having this app cuz you have to download messager. It's stupid ! I rather just use my Web app!!
love it
Not bad
I like it alone..there's no need for messenger bcoz it ate too large space in my cp memory..i don't know y you have to make it compulsory for the mobile phone..i don't see any problem from the previous facebook app... Anyway, i like the facebook app!
This app using my 34mb applications memory...in uff
Over
Started having problems. Pictures won't load. But it started happening before I updated to the newest update
Basically you are handing over your life to Facebook when you download this. They have access to your phone to call and text, your messages to see what you've been saying, your camera to take pictures, your address book to spam your friends...and much more. Too many permissions, Facebook!
Awwwsm app.....lopd it...now  Icn get news feedz of meh frn n new updats too
I can't download it... :/
Nt a gud app
This social media is our love and facebook is full of joy..so i or we love love love facebook.
I love fb
Good

Takes too much space when setting up. Fix this.
Update sucks the app freezes up and no longer functions right
Hate it
I just got hacked. Get better security.
What could I say about Facebook? It's Facebook...
It keeps freezing not working properly! !
Gud way of communicating with the people you know and love
I can not get videos to load they will not play and I give it one date the new update does not work very well if u could fix I would greatly appreciate it thanks
I would give more stars if this app would work half of the time. It freezes up all the time . one star is being generous.
Great
Update is always error
Good
Good
I like Facebook app in android o.s
It
The updated version felt the need to wake up my phone and "check" a ridiculous 141 times over the work day. There needs to be an option to manage connectivity in the Facebook app itself to save us all having to install yet another app to manage this.
App
Pls. Don't force us to install your facebook messenger if we don't need it.
It good
Great
Fantastic
I like this
i like it because it has wonderful image saving and comment and other many things
Getting slower day by day
Tamsreypov
Nice way of knowlage
Very good
Works great now. -1 star cause of no inbuilt messenger. The inbuilt messenger worked perfectly fine. There was no need to remove it.
Is gd
Its ok but it wont let ne sign in
My Facebook keeps shutting down!
Ehem
<3<3<3
jamel
Good facebook i ever use
Galaxy
Its not showing notifications
I cant Update my Facebook.
Good app
My messenger chat head closes by opening fb... :(
This fb version is bulshit
Great
Asking for way too much access to my phone
This linked is owsome
It is very use fill for me and friends
Yusuf
Yall need to fix it because I dont want to use the messager app I heard about it on the news and it be spying on you
Why messenger installation is so necessary
nc app
When I'm scrolling through the news feed it will suddenly freeze. Fix that please. Like now.
Yeah..good
SABIR Khan
The new app is awesome but slows down and hangs my phone!!!
Quick, easy to use and more convenient...
Wow :)
Better to just access the mobile site in Chrome as there is more functionality.  Also, I'm not going to install yet another chat app on my phone.
If i watched the video it say theres an error to play the video but sometimes it played but it will never finish the video, pls fix this!!
JM MJ
Good app
'
Its a good app we can easily access fb quickly..... but much more data is deducted and we can't message through this .. for this we have to install messenger.... that's bad.... we have to keep 2 app simultaneously
I cant play facebook videos. Always got "ERROR" And why cant we open chat messages without installing the facebook messenger app? I hate it... 
Did the last 2 updates and ever since the app *locks up* during videos. Not every video, but after 2 or 3 it locks up and the only way to correct it is to force stop the app and reopen.  Not good.
Facebook
Thankz so gud i always use no problim i can chat to all my frnd and finding a new frnd...
Facebook is always be my....... * :)
Good
Everything gd
Saya dawlod tak dapat
woow
Awsom
It is very worst app i ever seen in my life...firstly processing is too slow & notification would not show on time
This facebook messenger thing is annoying..stop it..
Nice
Like
Great app
Niceeee
Good
I updated Facebook yesterday...now it shows so many unwanted notifications of more than 500+ pages link. ..which I didn't even liked/follow...Please fix this...
Good
Nothing changd always drinks lots of mb's.. Need lots of imorovement
After recent update, FB crashes and shuts off when I go to my page or try to look at most recent posts by friends.  Last version worked better.  Also, I use FB messenger for my cell phone,  but I do not like having to use it for my samsung tablet.  Please change this back.
I've been on Facebook for a couple years and haven't gotten sick of it yet. Haha.
My phone makes it hang.
Facebook latest update is the worst! I have been getting kicked out of the app, I've been unable to watch any videos. I am getting tired of it making me mad. So I'm not using the app anymore.
Superb
Its a very amazing app
Slow
Useful
Yes
khyra ampatuan turky
Somtimes slower
Dolbymejiaa
I cannot play videos full length. Why? Pls resolve this
Best network
Hehe
why forcing users to download messenger?isnt optional?has facebook  become greedy?  viruses &hacking has been widely spreading. facebook team must address users concerns .not because u have all the powers to do so...they should protect others privacy not themselves steal privacy. not happy:( dislike!!!!
I dont like the new update. .i can change my profile pic directly from my sd card pic please fix it'.and give a five star. .and stop updating!!!
It's nice
Keep contact with friends
The UI is sticky and pictures dont load properly. Pathetic performance with 3g.
diss apointed
Very good app.
Done an update on my sony xperia e1 and now it just keeps saying incompatible update PLEASE PLEASE fix this 
As soon as I finish this review I plan on uninstall.  The permissions are ridiculous!
Is fine minus the fact that videos don't work at all...says, "sorry, an unknown error occurred while trying to play this video" lease fix.
Excellent
For an older version
Hmmmmmmmmmmm
Terima Kasih Banyak Sayangku ~ #
Great, great, great. Keep it coming, two thumbs up!!!
Aftr last update I couldn't save pictures to my mobile what I have upload pls make it soon as possible

Thanks for your help.
Toooop....
mst
Nt working properly
Good
Yes
Average
Facebook
This   verson has some bug, from B'day reminder window if I press back continously two or three times it doesn't go to main window repeatedly it will show the same window.
Ok program polecam
I deleted it,  to much going on without my permission or conformation.
Everytime I go to play a game from Facebook it just takes me to my home screen,and yes I have downloaded the game apps,
Why do you need more access to my phone than my provider has?
Terlupa kata laluan
nice
can't update it "error"
good
Very nice to canact the frnds
Fantastical fantastic
Its okkk
Hey
great app
Will not stop down loading.
Duhh why do u have to update it all the time,..fuckbook
Works fine to me
Since update on phone and on Facebook... Contacts won't synch... Verizon says it's Facebook... Also with new update, most recent setting doesn't include all the top stories statuses... So no  consistency... Would be nice to click on most recent and have it stay there with everything being included so you don't have to flip back and forth.
Good
I use sony Xperia m dual... Whenever I want to play video it shows some error message and it stops automatically.. Please fix this problem...
Just perfect
I've just purchased a Sony Xperia E1 and when I try to download this app, I keep getting a message saying 'incompatible update'. Please fix this
OK
Tired of most of the time seeing old posts sometimes days old...
Lyk it
I want to copy, i want tab browsing, i want to save favorite statuses but i cant!
I pove this application
Slow
GOOD APP!!
Amazing
Otherwise  Fine
Gossip a lot of the contents
The like icon not responding from the first time and some times not responding at all.
Updated this am, now same problem as Eric Pasquale.  Tried reinstalling but no joy!
The photos don't load properly. I mean, really bad resolution, hazy. It wasn't like this before. It started recently. Can you tell me why this is happening! Or how can this be solved?
Make this fuckin' facebook open source and these reports will end! You assholes! Don't be greed!
Love it always
Pchsearch
What happened to the "About" frame on my timeline? It is missing on my page & on a few friends' that previously had it available. It also tends to not show my status updates in my feed until well after they are posted?                              Also do not like that I HAVE to download a second app to message, when this app already eats so much storage by itself & the permissions messenger requires seem inappropriate.
I in
Its amazing because you are always updated with the help.of news.feed.ang.notifications
oky
Wants too many permissions and the latest version now crashes like a b4stard on Samsung S4 Tab 7.0. May resort to using Dolphin browser instead
Its always asks for update ever 10days im sick of that its a nyc app but updates makes it Bad
App doesnt open.. its always setting facebook..
Mast hair bhai log....
Well now Google Play says I can't install it..duh.
Terbaik
Good Software
Crashes one in  a while but it dont matter
Good
Facebook app is showing that error occurred while playing the video.i don't know why
Sapnakarkar
Troubole shot
Horrible upgrade
We should downlod it because   it is work verry good
Nixe
I like it
Yeah!
Love Facebook
I like it but speed is very slow :(
Thanks for the help
So i give ¡ï¡ï¡ï¡ï¡ï
I Love It
Rudar
It's soooo much easier!
as usually good work by facebook
Wow!!!
Taxi
I rily want a facebook app in ma fon. Unfortunately dont hav 1. Try download from google for a month now. Stil cant get it to ma fon.
Nice app...
Useful app
It's a brilliant little app
Love this app
Good but find it difficult 2 install in my phone
I have had this for years.  Thats all
Good
Will not let me download this stupid spp since y'all updated. Google play
New update is slow and times out regularly. It appears when I haven't even opened the app!
Easy going app..!
Nice
056 2301619

Bad app ever used in life... with error occur always by saying internet connection...with slow speed after every update....it's just fake there is no new design but same with more difficulties to operate...comeon don't just diminish
Keeps closing!
Doesn't load cover photo of friends.. Plus it was better using any other video streaming player at least it had awesome speed not like now :/
Zuckerberg nice job all round keep it clean and simple and keep that crap off that we don't want to see.
Super app i like this
sehr goood <3
You
Nyc app.... i lyk it.....
I love the app
He is to slow  and eorr ples check it
Good
G8t
ok
Fix this please ...
Samsung Galaxy Note 3
Hate that we have to download a second app just to receive messages
Fb means always near friends .
World famous
Do not like the messenger n since i updated the fb app now need it to message from my phone, very annoying, now i dont even use on my phone.
Epic
Speed up
I luv facebook
.....
So butefuel
Best soft
Like
Every time I click on a video it only plays the first few seconds then either freezes or exits the video
It always lags when I open any video and the app stops responding, fix it ASAP
New update is not allowing to access message box. It requires fb messenger :(
Fine
Ek dam khatam processing
Rate it that I hate it a lot.
making me download another app just to message.  Ridiculous!!!!!!!!!!!
Good..
Best one
Good
Needs too many permissions
Keeps closing and says Facebook has stopped working.
App better den openin fb in some other browser...
You would think a company that over a half a Billion users would have a decent app. And considering that 90% of all posts on Facebook involved pictures if some kind, on opening the app, the pictures would load.
Kusain
Awesome
cool app i ever seen
Because of this I met many frie.nds...
It freezes when I scroll over videos!
Make the app size smaller or transferrable to sd card
Fast
Download if u can afford to waste ur data ..horrible app, with unfixable bug
I keep installing it but it say no more space in storage how to do this please teach me it's my first time in using android
Better and good way to communicate..
Not working properly since latest update,, keeps crashing and have to close and reopen and now videos won't play they freeze a couple of seconds in :S fix this please!!
Good app
The permissions are insane.  Facebook & facebook messenger apps deleted.
App keeps crashing and I HATE your messenger app. Randomly logs me into my wifi while I am trying to work amd not suppose to be on wifi! Uninstalling and will never use again!
If a new notification arrive, and if I am typing, my keypad will go down for that NOTIFICATION appearing on the top of my device's screen. Please fix it. 
good
Not working properly after the recent update. Keep on getting stuck and have to do exit and re open. But still the issue exists.
pleAse FixEd the Facebook¡¯ thEy Always sAy FORCED CLOSED"
Good app
95621185
Awesome
Using best
I am using LG-E425. Posts in tamil fonts are getting out of the display. There is no problem in viewing the font, but posts in tamil font are getting out of the screen limit. How to solve this?
M I
Forcing people to get a separate app to check messages.
I love this application
It's Very Good.
gulrose
Boy oh boy, where do I start?  How about that you put messaging in a seperate app?  You could already do that IN THE FACEBOOK APP ITSELF.  What?  You removed that?  Unnecessary space?  Well, how about the app size?  It used to be, what, 10mb?  Now it's near 100?  For what purpose?  No comment?  Fine.  Just explain to me why you need all of these many permissions just to post and view statuses.  Enhancing my experience?  THIS IS A FLAT OUT VIOLATION OF OUR CONSTITUTIONAL RIGHTS!  I AM NEVER USING FB AGAIN!
1
Oh..its crash
When i'm uploading pictures and i want to cancel it. It just goes back again. It's so very annoying... even when i restart it, it just goes back.
I've had so many problems, wont let me watch videos, doesn't let me open the app half the time because its always crashing i Brought my phone in thinking it was my phone but it was the facebook application itself. Stop upgrading it and making it look more stupid.
Nice app but new version is slow
I like this
Great application!!!
I cannot download the Facebook app it keeps saying error 24 . Please help . why cant i add app
awsome
Not bad but now you have to have messenger I don't want two Facebook apps you should have one to do both whatever Facebook
Once I did an update on my Android I have not been able to watch videos on Facebook. So annoying.
chat and search
Ohhhhhh ini kisah sedihku
I can't watch videos since the update.
Nice
Nice
why cannot update
What's the point of the app if you can't message.
Kulang sa bilis
Riaz Tanha
Good but not best error while downloading news feed
Luv it ko to
Very very nice
Not great for I.C.S
pls fix
Good
Meeh
I can't reload .....I mean I can't log in everytime when I wanted to click it up....''' isn't work,,,,bill gates are you still their please fix it...
nice !
Its crashing an awful lot whenever I try and go of the home page.
Good
Nice
Good thing I have it always.
Good
Nice
Every weak this app ask for update....bullshit
It's wonderful
Poor performance. This is a real pig.  Constantly hangs phone with black screen and then crashes.
Moto X
Bhilz Maldita
This is a nice apps of Facebook
The only issue I have with the app is that it slows my phone down and freezes it often and kicks me off the site. No beuno.
Facebook in ur phone is more better u can call them u can us it in nigth and anytime
Since the last update, 75% of the time it just does not work. That little spinning circle appears at the top of a feed that is a day old, but it just keeps spinning and absolutely nothing happens. This occurs on both data and Wi-fi, even with full signal strength. Becoming useless. Galaxy S5.
very good
Thanks
N4
Faster
Could be faster..but it gets job done....lol...
I don't particularly mind the separation of Messanger & the app, but this app itself is a battery vampire. The previous video bug is also not yet fixed
I like it a lot
Big RAM
My videos no longer play with the new update. I liked the older version much better.
Good
jakash
It continously force closes since the last update. I tried uninstalling and reinstalling which didn't help.
Nice .......
Mantap
Slow reload
still very bad, forcecloses every 2 minuets after the last update... fix it please
Nice app, Use daily.
Elahi Bajwa
i like dis app
Love u facebok ,itz amazng
ok
Very good
Worse version ever
It is very accurate
Deadly slow and boring app
Freezes!
Nice
Jabardast app bate bhai
Mare
Fb bute full app..
Nobody wants to download messenger! 
Why can't I acess to my acc ? I would give 5 stars if you fix it.
I wanna change my profile biography through this app... but dunno how...
This app is have more improved shortcuts to use. It easy to share our expression. Simply its awesome
Too slow and most of the times it times out.
I really like it
After the update videos are not playing properly. When i watch something it plays 3/4 of the video and it pause and does not continue :(
please fix the messenger issue... when i click the message from fb app, the application hanged...i need to go to messenger app to read and send messages...its waste of time!!! its far better if we click the message from fb app it will automatically navigate to messenger app like the old version of it...
Good job for developers
It worked flawlessly
Now the government can see it all Lol!!
I like this
I installed and deleted the app several times and nothing. It doesn't alert me like it used to. I only see notifications when I open the app. I've reported it several times and no response. I've changes my setting and nope nothing. Not a happy camper.
Cool
Right
Not use full
I like it
Ok
Facebook
Way too invasive set of permissions, crap performance, and then they removed the messages. Uninstalled.
Hanging while playing video. Very poor update. Don't update guys
To slow i like the old fb i up dated had to set up new acct. Problem recover old acct.
I cant even get it to finish installing on my galaxy note 2. I've tried completely uninstalling first, tried removing the Facebook account info,  wiping the cache memory... none of that made any difference. And I have over 1GB free in the internal storage.
Duh
A estrenarlo.....
Until messages returns, I'm considering this app intentionally broken.
Mmg terbaik
Love it!!
Bagus
Pls fix the problem of setting up app for first time use at every time it loads the app after exiting... :(
Facebook
Need work fix quick
Facebook.
K
I think you like it
Ilove it
Love it
Larry
Uses more power than the screen on my Xperia Z1. Worked fine for ages but now after using it with nothing else running, it lags and uses a lot of battery power.
Good
Can't play videos anymore on my Galaxy II. It wasn't like this before.
Ok
One * For Remove The Message Feature From The Main Apps.......
It crush need to repair
Its Facebook!
Very interested in the friend request page
Most  useful.
Can only access messages if you download messanger app.
This app used lot off data and worked verry slow..slow lags and crashes all the time If u will use facebook in uc browser ...u deffinatly uninstall this app
It works slow
Love facebook
This app is amazing but can use a little more work
Horrible after updating it. Logged me out an after I opened it up an its taking forever to get to the sign in. im about done with facebook all together
Okay so.. This whole mandatory installation of the messenger app is ridiculous. Aside from all the other negative things I can say about it, I'd have to say my biggest issue is the fact that I can't even install it on my phone because of some "invalid download uri" so now I can't send or receive messages without using the Web browser, which really doesn't work all that great on my phone. I have a Galaxy S4, btw. I hope you're real proud of yourself, Facebook. You're making everyone hate you.
Maryw
It helps out a lot!
Need too much information for no reason.  That is just stupid.
Leah mae yambso
I cant log in I put in the right information and it still doesnt let me
Its better
Amazing
cute
Works great on Cricket ZTE
Facebook
Yup
I hate you guys, for turning into a spy agency
Awesome
Horrible
App is crap since update! Can't even access my inbox never mind the fact it freezes my entire tablet and shuts it down!
Keep family close
Very usesable
This newer version hangs a lots and becomes unrespinsive. Have to close it and then reopen.
Bad
Krishnamurari570@gmal
I enjoy the new features and the ability to communicate with family and friends...
Redo please. I can't even use it. Home page won't load. Keeps crashing and reopening in the notifications. We won't even get into the whole messaging thing.
Nife
Its just that it takes up too much memory
Love it
Nice new UI, but I hear you want to look at EVERY post on order to find drug users... Well that's not your job Facebook now give us back our privacy!
Not sure why but Facebook has run awful since it's last update. It crashes randomly every time I try to use it. It take forever to load. I sent 3 reports of issues to facebook and still no results.
Newsfeed is never up to date, New updates waiting to see if there any better
The interface is alright. Not that smooth, or anything.  I can't share a post on someone else's time line via the app. Fix that.
Good
Facebook , great
Alemuselam
I want to put Facebook App on my new phone. It installs to 93% and then it stops!
this is a f*** social network nd s*** app
I hated facebook i cant downloaded.
Uninstalling now that the messenger app is required... Can use the mobile site in my browser and still get messages that way.
Facebook has permission to read text messages and recorded phone calls. Also have the right to take and record videos whenever without your permission. Rate 0 if I could!
B
mega samsung
:)
It loy 9 in the world .
When i log in my facebook it said setting up facebook and just moment and it is very slow
I dont feel much good a
Why do you gotta download Facebook messenger just to send messages
new update sucks when i try to watch a video it stucks and first it loads all the video then it play  ...  fix ithis sucking problem... Thnxx.
Plz make some options to save the videoss...
Only one day it played videos after updates. Again it is Not playing videos on micromax a210. No reply from developer so far.
What's the point of an hour update if the app only becomes worse...can log on at all
Love the updates
Curse this bullshit update... I didn't click that update button yet it updated by itself now i can't use facebook on my phone i knew this would happen that's why i'm not updating facebook...bring back facebook version 1.1 or 1.2 thats way more faster and better than the present and latest facebook
L
The last time I rated this for 5 cause I liked it in some ways, but now because of that updates it made my life so miserable, I uninstalled everything from my phone because of this for nothing. It takes forever to load, always saying "setting up" every time I start opening it and all. This is just f****ng irritating.
Nt nyc
friends  NETWORK
Great
Good
Galaxy S5
Always forclosimg
It's were I met my gf
So slow
The same problem with back key, when I read post or comment then press back to continue review the posts, it TAKEN me back to the first page and I have to scroll down to where I was. MY ADVICE IS DON'T UPDATE! ! WELL DONE YOU MADE WORSE!! DO NOT UPDATE DO NOT UPDATE
its awesome and easy to use vdout any bugs....1 must install it.
Great app
This app works great! Love how I can see and post pics for my family to see is a very good way to stay in touch with family and friends
when I was using my android device and play a video, I loaded for 10s (s=second) but it juz play for 1s although I had a strong line and high speed internet ,while my ipad, I scroll down until sometime (a small limit )and it closed suddenly like force close, pls fix it
Keep having to update and always loading or getting kicked out
Its a good new update looking forward for the best
I love it...but why sometimes its slow loading...?
Sux dik
brillent
Its really a nice app but it takes a long time in downloading
It's inconvenient because they made it a requirement for you to download facebook Messenger and now you can't send messages just through the Facebook app plus it sucks what's been going on with the news so I don't support Facebook at all in the decisions that they made for this app but yet I have to keep it to keep in touch with my long distance friends and family
Just downloaded app and won't load and slowing my phone way down.
Won't let me share topics or posts or mobile youtube videos. Please fix immediately!!!!
OMG! This app is so annoying! I don't want to keep updating my face book! Its stupid! Fix it now!
Cool
Love this app big part of my life
Love it
I tried to download Facebook 10 times but every time remained unfinished why?
Remove facebook messenger addon!
Its coo. I get mess quick don't like the fact it forced me to download so minis 1star so 4 stars from me.
its good
I do not want fewer features and more apps to accomplish the same things as the website I can open in my browser. Fix this now, Facebook.
I'm always having problems with this app it won't let me use it I try uninstalling it and reinstalling it but nothing helps
Marvelous
Vgood
I want to view most recent post. Not post from 2 or more hours that someone commented on. Very annoying! Fix it please.
If it don't load I'm not rating
Every time i cut on fb  it crash's please fix ASAP... Ty
Its a must get..,
Old app was fine..we can read our messages... We don't require a messenger app for it to install...FIX IT ASAP
Like it a lot
When installing this app Facebook gains access to everything. They can video you take pictures of you and record audio of you at any moment. If you dont believe me look in your app info. It's the same with the messenger.
I.love. india
It takes a min for loading when I open app ...
Good
My device got force update on this and now app is taking too much time to open.....Saying "setting up facebook"
I am not downloading another app for the simple purpose of sending/receiving a message. Why must you force people to occupy more space on their devices? Horrible, I don't see what is so new about it.
Sometimes my notifications don't show up, just brings me to the last status/comment I viewed.
Me encanta
Good app
Efficient app to share and keep in touch with friends and family.
Please stop messing with something that's clearly not broken. And fix the issue with notifications. I select to turn off notifications and they still come through.
Videos either don't play or only play first few seconds of it!! I will uninstall the app if this isn't fixed!!!
I can still network!
Good
Galaxy S5
Can't open ..... It takes more minutes to open Facebook....
The fact that recently cant see more than 7 posts on my news feed  and the video player is pretty lame
My Galaxy S 2 cannot open the app at all after the latest update despite reinstalling. What is happening?
Love facebook
amazing
Now my app wont even open. Before it would freeze when trying to open messages. Seriously dissapointed with how this app has been preforming..its always been a one star for me but now i wouldnt give it any stars if given the choice. 0/5
Takes up room. I like my privacy. Thank you.
Same as messenger ....not safe to have on your phone . Liked it until I found out what they have access to.
Phone Will not play any videos now since new update. Disappointed...
Why? wtf with this new version..?
Good
When it begins loading it sometimes it never take me to log in
Aplication works just fine  but canot autorize with htc sense live sync expecting problems and dont sinhronize birth days of my frends on calendar plz fix theat ,on older version on my htc wildfire ewriting works but on htc desire s not :(
The update SUCKS, it wont let me post anything.
Good App.
Totally unstable. It says 19.7 MB size and after a while get up more memory up to 157 MB. and risen. in just one week i had to uninstall and install again to keep in touch with my dear ones. When I 'like' something, I have to 'like' it several times because, is not updated at once and for all.
Its slow
Why is this app so big,an stop forcing us to download the messenger
Sucks
I enjoy chatting on FB
This is retarded. It won't let me watch vids
So over bloated for the functionality. Data raping at its finest.
Ever since the latest update, I can't play any videos & everytime I click on a story it says something about a security warning! I'm about to delete my Facebook!!!
Gasta muchos megas cuando uso mis paquetes de datos y es absurdo que nos pidan permiso para acceder a tanta informacion personal.
The facebook messenger is a joke. Horrible program
I do not want to install messenger just to send messeges
Niceness
Video keeps crashing
Sexy
Last update took away original built-in messanger & made us download that terrible secondary messanger. Thousands complained & you "fixed" it. Just updated my original 1 star review to a 3. Please fix my newsfeed back to "most recent" by default option & I'll be very happy :)
Can't share posts since latest update.
Good app!
I cannot see any videos and it takes forever to load images and any notification
Good
very" bad
Are you soccer
So beautiful
With lastest updat I cannot watch videos, upload videos/pictures or post a status. I am using Samsung Galaxy S5....
i just noticed that this app causes lots af adds to pop up on my tab.which caused me to uninstall almost all the new apps I installed,thinking those were the cause.but the ads just keep popping up.
It's AWSOME_ !!!!!!!!
facebook...i love it...
Random times it sais "error loading newsfeed" and it's not my Internet connection
The Facebook messenger app is a bloated pos there is no reason to separate it, we should have a choice
Crashes mostly
Bsta d  est
Works... The constant "location" updater is a battery drainer... EDIT: The latest update locks up at times or closes completely off the screen. Also would like to have the option/setting to choose from most recent or top stories (and keep that setting after logging out and back in). Re Edit: way too much privileges....
Facebook
When I want to chat with friends when I press them its getting lag then they said : closed messenger application then when I download it again its setting up forever!, please fix and I will rate 5 stars ;)
Privacy
Love it
Facebook, you seem to be following the same business model as Nintendo, telling the public what they (read as 'you') want your product to do and ignoring what most people really want... an app that's simple, clean, and efficient. Messenger should have either been integrated into the main app, or left as an optional app. Forcing all messages through it is very ignorant that not everyone can spare the resources for another app. Or has been given access to KitKat, which the new update seems to require.
Definitely not a fan of this update. I feel the last update ran much smoother as well as looked much more sleek and streamline. Everything looks so cramped and bulky on this newer version. Its very visually unappealing. The previous update was by far the better of them.
Nice
Doesn't event deserve any stars, y'all do a update forcing people to download messenger app! If we wanted it then we would get it!!. No privacy whatsoever!!! Deleting Facebook as well unless if it's the way before last update where you can look at your messages as like it was before!!!!# furious!!!!!!!
Love it
Facebook application is getting laggy and slow on loading my Xperia Z. Why whenever I play video it says "Sorry an unexpected error occurred while playing the video" it happens everytime now and then. Please fix!!
I still love Facebook but some of the new upgrades are annoying.
I liked it
I was perfectly fine with messaging as it was. Now I am forced (not given the option) to use an app that demands access to "help me". I can help myself with the normal messaging system thank you very much. I'd give it a zero star if it was an option. Would you kindly return the previous messaging system.
I can't watch any videos on my news feed. Please fix this issue A.S.A.P.
Nice App. Nothing left to say
Too invasive on our phones. It spies on your doings even when not on their site. You should always log off when not in use.
Pile of crap since the update. Won't upload pictures or videos until I try a few times. Would be nice to move to memory card, as well.....
App doesnt work past 2 minutes... updates the new feed then force closes to my home screen
Memo
Good
Very good
Why make messenger a separate app? It's terrible! Might as well just use the website now. Uninstalling this piece of crap now.
Won't let me watch all the video because of an error
It keeps saying setting something, fix update asap
Needs a (unlike) icon for the bad posters
Thank you for adding the availability to add replies on comments .. Now Facebook is Excellent
Love it
It has a problem updating and it takes longer to update than other apps.
Constantly closes
A great app,The only problem is that it takes up over 30mb. But apart from that, Brilliant!
Uses too much RAM and every other update seems to be flawed. Also wants access to almost all of your phone.
I like new update facebook.
Garbage
Guys, seriously. The last two updates have gone the wrong direction. Functionality has gotten worse. Components don't work like they used to. Now for the down right irritating stuff. If I wanted to sort by "Top Stories" I would especially given that the algorithm for TS has ceased to work as well as it initially did. If I wanted to have FB messenger work like SMS, I would just use SMS. The messaging part of FB worked exactly like I wanted it to. Screw you for trying to force me to use an obnoxious app.
Keeps saying I have no internet service. I clearly do or I wouldn't be able to do this. First u make a separate messaging app that spies on us & now this. Seems like y'all are just trying to drive ppl away.
Seriously a p.o.s. I HATE this 'updated' version.
Very Slow
Uninstalled now won't load on my Google tablet... Ugh
It will not open
Awesome.........
Constantly. And I mean CONSTANTLY says "error loading news feed" I've signed out and back in, powered off and on, nothing helps. I have full Wi-Fi, it's not a connectivity issue. This just sucks.
Why the long loading time? It take 3 years just to load the messages (i tested it and it took literally 3 days)
Cool
After  re-download this apps always force close . Can't open for long time
After all the privacy problems that are going on I uninstalled facebook forever and also messenger is gone. I dont want them on my phone. Regardless its an invasion of privacy! If it keeps freezing on the web like it has been these past days I will be forced to delete my account permanently... its rediculous how inconvenient this whole situation is.... grrr!!! WE ALL HAVE RIGHTS ...I HOPE WE THE PEOPLE GET TOGETHER AND FIGHT FOR OUR RIGHTS...
The new update takes forever to open and now when it does open, it takes forever to load my newsfeed and videos. Don't update it!
Because of the invasion of privacy I will no longer support Facebook any longer.
Easier to manage
Prompt me "setting up Facebook" and no way to login.. Why is the app getting more and more unreliable? Please fix it!!
Recent update has made this app super slow and the app stopped responding very frequently since the last update. Fix it!
Loading are very bad. Slow upload and not speedy virson
Love it
Ever since I updated it...it's slow and having problems seeing newer news feeds
Keeps freezing
I hate when fb asks me to install fb messenger.
Lg L5 E250
Finally I can reply on comments. 5 stars for now.
New update is crap. Facebook is falling apart. If this continues i will delete my profile. And not being able to read my messages without another app is ridiculous!! GET IT TOGETHER!
So now facebook gets acess to everything on the phone..takes videos pictures reads private messages and sends them over any connection, with location and it gets its fingers in every log including google accounts.great.
Must use
It works but I have to keep turning off my Wi-Fi jus for it to work
Will not get off the loading page. Will not load anything at all since it updated on its own.
Ganda
New chat sucks
Recent app updates suck. My phone lagg's and when I open app it freezes on closes.
Its good but needs updated for faster service
Why do we have to install the messenger app??? People can LPG into your Facebook and see you information.
Loading poor speed
With my favorite girl is Genesis
It won't update or let me see what I type in. Please fix your bugs
USC8888
excellent version......love it
Great job done to improve it,im satisfied wt d rate@  wc ure attaining perfection on this app, thumbs up!
Perfect! The guys behind fb are great for hearing and acting upon my complains. Great job. Thanks for acting up fast. Godbless you guys!
Video can not play ... Unknown error accurred ... This is what I get everytime I try and play a video .. I've reported it several time ... Please fix this ... I have galaxy s2 ... Still won't play videos ...
Its keep saying error no internet!
Will not let me install on note 3 after new update I keep getting an error when installing app. Please fix or help every update doesn't work
Dont work freeze up all the time
I love u
I Love This app, come on people get this APP!!
Real good
My app is slow and jumpy when scrolling. Videos are mediocre at best when they can play. When they can't, I get this annoying "Video can not be played now. An error occurred". Please fix the bugs.
It's a good app but every new update brings new bugs.
Sometimes this app takes up over 120mb of space, and i clear the cache and it lowers to 30mb, but when i re enter my login info, it starts skyrocketing back up
Good
No privacy
Videos dont work.
I have downloaded and used the app on several phones and devices for years, spanning many different operating systems, always to great success. However, as my phone has updated itself to the new KitKat 4.4 Android operating system from the JellyBean 4.3. The phone has taken it upon itself to remove only the Facebook app from the device and every time I attempt to re-download the app, it states "Incompatible Update". I'm not entirely sure why it is doing this but it has worked on every previous IOS and Android system I have used and this is extremely annoying, I hope this problem is resolved ASAP as the app is extremely convenient, compared to the sluggish and time consuming, internet browser method and the app has always been well produced. Sort it out guys...
Hasnt worked in days
Since the update my facebook does not play any video at all.. a uknown error pops when attempt too watch. I have a galaxy s2. Can this be fixed?
I'm having problems playing videos..  it say  an error occured  while trying to play the video can fix this?????
After I updated the application. I can't open it anymore. Please fix
Terbaik!!!
Why the.....would I give you access to all of my personal details. Now you won't let me view my messages with out installing MESSENGER that's okay I just won't read my messages. It's not a big deal. People know to send messages via my phone now which is actually better.
I try and open the app but it just keeps closing down, ive deleted the app and installed again, but keeps closing down.
I've had this app forever with no problems. I hate this new messenger app and because it invades you privacy demanding access to camera and other info. Now it won't even let me log in. I'm hating Facebook more and more.
Inability to copy text to the clipboard is one flaw I found with the app...unlike how we copy in a regular browser.
Always says it has an error and doesn't loss properly...
The last update pretty much killed this app! Pictures rarely load and the rest is very slooooow.
Best app I ever used
It loads and loads. It's not smooth at all. My videos doesn't play. It starts then stops and a message comes up reading there was a problem. I've uninstalled twice. Get the NSA off your site and give us back fb.
Awesome updates
Good
I cant see the videos in facebook
Antes tenia un movil que no era muy bueno y creia que era culpa de eso, ahora tengo un movil muy bueno pero todo sigue igual es mas diria que peor al abrirla siempre se configura primero y se demora demasiado rara vez me deja ver fotos se cierra sola entonces? Cual es la maricada ps? Ponganse serios y mejoren la HP! aplicacion.
Can never watch videos unless I uninstall and then install back. Then only watch 2 videos. And back to no videos.
For sending an sms we used to download messenger...!!!
Well over all not bad but cud make better sometimes it take long to upload videos or to see them
Good app
This app is a complete invasion of personal privacy.  I will be removing it like many of my friends and family already have.
Ariyawanbagus bagus
Good
unlike!
Great app
Quite impressing
You would think such a popular site would have a great app. Not the case with this one. I can't see photos. I can't see comments. Half the time my news feed is missing updates. I hate it soo much that the majority of the time I go to my browser instead. It's ridiculous. Please fix all if the problems!!
Why we need another app to send a message to somebody
Love the app.
Videos not working. Unknown error. Please fix it.
All of the sudden after the last update, every time I try to watch a video I get a error message saying I cannot watch the video. This is with all of them.
The first principle of interacting with people: people do not like to feel manipulated. By screwing with the messaging capability and pushing your users to install a separate app, you are pushing customers away. It doesn't help that the rest of the app is poorly executed, as it drains battery throughout the day with antiquated execution of push services that have since been improved dramatically elsewhere in the industry. Hire someone who knows how to develop for android, and reintegrate messaging.
Always back to the top..must scroll down again..fix it
I don't find most recent button in new feeds  ... please active most and top stories button in new feeds """
Takes unbelievably long to load app now
Good
Hey
Works well but videos don't play
Awesome app
I am going to have to Uninstall this app if they don't bring the messages back. it is so stupid to have to go to a separate app just to check the msgs. to me it's pointless to have 2 apps. I might as well log in from the browser and have access to everything at the same time. that was a really dumb move. thanks a lot!
this app is going off and one like when u going to the home screen of your phone
It always tell me sorry something is wrong with the video and it can't be played
There are times not reaponding
With my cancer this game helps me a whole lot .love this game it help to not think of my pain
At bare minimum the app stops responding at least 6 times a day. It's not just my phone either multiple ppl I talk to have the same problem. Stop doing a ton of new stuff for it and fix the existing problems first! Sick of it and deleting the app if it isn't fixed soon!!! Also now you can't send or receive private messages without downloading the messenger app but they want access to everything personal in order to download it! This is bs and need to bring back the old version that everybody loved!
I cant use my summoners war acc which is sync in my facebook! I'm having problem with this! and The Messenger, please dont force us to install it.. some of us dont use it.. thanks
Don't want an internal web browser, especially one you can't alter within the app. This is an app for the iPhone. Not android . gay
Mine is doing the same just stuck on "setting up Facebook". Anyone know how to fix this?
Thats   cute
Steff
I love face book
Is good
Crashes during the update.
Facebook gak ada mate nya
I love this app bc it's easier to use.
This is stupid
Facebook is a bomb
Where is the SHARE button for this application?? How do you share a file that you just opened? You give NEED to add the share button for files or links open on Facebook platform.
Please make more easier fb aap becouse it takes too  time to open.
In order to access some of the links or posts, I need to log in again... yet I am already logged in... ALWAYS. And the screen says "Get Facebook for android to browse faster"...? So, I click on that link... which takes me to Google play store... and there I see I already have the application installed... WTF?
Its crap
Facebook is not acting right. It's not letting me tag friends in comments anymore and some comments keep showing even when you press previous comments it's really getting on my nerves for a while now. I mean in one post you may be able to tag a friend and in the next nothing you need to fix this asap.
Keeps crashing!!
no need to say anything. facebook you fked up
Waw it perfect
It allows itself to search through your hole phone would not recommend this to anyone
Nice colour and design
It's been nothing but a pain in the neck lately. Won't let me play videos anymore, out will kick me out, freezes all the time. Bout ready to uninstall. Very very annoying.
I always keep freezing from the first 13 seconds on a video. I unistalled it then I installed it back and it did it. Please fix this issue.
Cant watch a video.........
I hate hate hate that this app can use my device for whatever it wants. This is very invasive & "Big Brother". Boo!
I like this application.
Don't like the fact that Facebook is making you download the messenger app that needs to be fixed
I g gr r
Very good
I love facebook
now that i update facebook the memory storage date of my  phone gets quickly full and it was force close.. try to fix it and also i can't delete or edit the album
Run
Super
amazing
Everytime I get on the app I get BOOTED! If not fixed soon I'll just go back to using my original browser
Latest update is constantly freezing the screen on my tablet (Dell Venue 8) when I click a link or video. Screen goes subdued and freezes so touch screen won't work. Sometimes FB just closes. Sometimes it does both. I have to restart my tablet to do anything. And what's with the creepy level of invasiveness? Pretty sure it's going to want to know the consistency of my bowel movements next...stop it, FB!
Don't like all the apps permissions and I don't like how I have to use the messanger app
I love face book
yeah
The main issue I have with this app is viewing pictures on timelines. As there is no option to go to pictures direct. Fix and. I will give 5*
Johnsonzee87
Everytime i click a video it says that an "unknown error occured" ..it's irritating because this didnt happen before the update
Won't let you get to person's timeline from messages' tab.Videos won't play after update.
Great job
I give it ¡î¡î¡î¡î¡î!
Nice
I get a gray screen and it never loads.
Fantastically amazing social site
Very annoying......video's not working
Great News
Run
Live
Xperia 1 wny let me down load facebook. Can any 1 help plz. It worked fine b4 update.SORT IT OUT
Coool
Doesn't work
Ok, so I did have Facebook on my Xperia until the phone had an update, it then vanished and now says incompatible update?????
Pero Es Muy Lenta Ah Comparadas Con Otras Apps
Not happy with losing all my privacy because of all the permissions this app asks for. And it's all for services that I don't want at all.
Cool app
It's a great little app but sometimes it takes forever to load!!!!!.....please fix
Takes away the messages feature, puts it in a different app. Why?!
Valden
2 thumbs up
When I use this app,conection slows down and my mobile hangs all the time,please fix this ASAP.
Barely does what it says on the tin. Doesn't order comments by thread, doesn't highlight my own or friends comments.   Posts often fail to load, can't watch videos without it crashing with an unknown error and oft times it doesn't even load until you kill it and start again.   It's like they aren't even trying to be honest, it's not like they can't afford the best app programmers in the world, yet they churn out tripe like this time after time.
Love it
Truly awful. A great example of ruining what was a great app.
Why you take inner facebook web browser out! It's very good you know.
Instagram
It stays in the "setting up Facebook" screen and never loads.
'
FB Love it!!
I like it
Facebook messenger stopped working after the last update
Carolina
new update sucks...notifications doesn't work
Faster connection please
Problem in video streaming! Whenever i play a video, it says "an unknown error occurred". Not once nor twice, every time it happens. Please fix the bug.
Why its always setting up facebook??i cant log in immediately!not like before its a very good apps
People
Can't download unknown error code 24
I'm loving it
Luv it
Not happy with this at all it won't even open up when I click on the app ever since the update fix it or more bad reviews
So great
From the suggested list 
i click on facebook and it takes forever to load. after a few minutes i usually get a facebook not responding msg on my screen. i love the new look but the constant crashing makes me rate it one star
'An unknown error had occurred', is what the message says when playing videos. Doesn't even get a good 10 secs in before video ends!!! Please fix!!!!!
Luv it
I'm so tired of these updates. Videos won't play. Fix it fast or I'm uninstalling.
Dissapointed i just seen the fox news and found out that the fb creator not only bought the whatsapp app but they have access to your phone privacy such as messages photos ect. Wish I can rate it a Big triple 0
Pretty awesome
That's for making fb messenger separate!
Very good
So useful Application
love it
Facebook
im unable to watch videos!!!
It's ok
Everytime i click on a video it always says that something went wrong and no matter what video it is, it dont play it at all
I like ut
Dont like the permissions they are asking
GS S2
Khunthan
It's
Great app
It will download to my phone but fails to install Iv tried everything and it's happened since I updated my phone please fix this
I never have any problems luv this app
The last several updates, I've had to uninstall and reinstall to get updates, as they failed to complete installing, claiming "not enough space". With this recent update, same procedure, only the first attempt to uninstall froze my phone and I was forced to pull the battery to restart it. Please fix this or next time I uninstall I'm not reinstalling :(
Getting alil to personal. Would love to download, but to much personal info needed.
Wow
Its a good way to find people
The app is very slow.. News feed wont load.. No problem with the internet i've checked already.. Many photos don't show up.. Loading and waiting sign shows up always... Plz fix this..
Worst app on my phone
Hopefully every time latest came out gonna be better n more benefit to us . simply as that and convenient too.

Loved IT
Lame
Not working anymore for some reason
I want
I have a Galaxy S2 and now I can't play videos.
Indonesia Bandung Jawabarat
Very good
Surely someone else is having the same problem, I can only see the first half of a video then comes up with an error message?
When I go to open the app it don't want to all it does is show a grayvscreen and freezes even on my tablet
Facebook is a great socialization app thank you Facebook creaters
Whenever I click on a video it says "Sorry, but an unknown error occurred while trying to play this video."
Sux
I completed a system update of my Xperia, having had the FB app already beforehand, but once finished it had been uninstalled. Now if I try to reinstall, I receive a message of "incompatible update". Whether it's merely my mobile or the app itself, I'd appreciate it being fixed.
Did a software update on my Sony Xperia e1 and the app is now unsupported and won't install.
Stop updating...you're only making this app worse...It's not user friendly anymore. Needed to force stop, unistall/reinstall then reboot my tab several times.
()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()(
Complaints!!!!! I can't watch any videos on Facebook....keeps telling me of an unknown error then kicks me out...fix this
Nice
It crashes from time to time!
Videos have sound but no video.
Love it
Facebook
Its pretty cool
^_^ I LOVE FB ^_^
I love facebook.
Facebook
Cool but
I give you 4 , Now give me 4$ for it :D
I found all of my friends who I haven't seen in 20 years, I found family members also. Thank God for Facebook. Don't shoot.
My facebook com.
Alwayz freezes
Great app ever
Boleh laaa
Phone did an update now can't install Facebook says incompatible

Why i should to install masengger?
You can't go to most recent any more this app is a peace of crap! ):
Is there any reason why I cannot watch any of the videos that are uploaded onto here!! Getting a little annoying now,sort it out!
I cant see my msg unless I DL the messenger app which is SPACE consuming by the way. Bring back the old one. Simple yet useful.
Good
Crazy applicaton
Verynice
Eh OK
great when im on the go:-)
This app is awesome
Xperia 1 wny let me down load facebook. Can any 1 help plz. It worked fine b4 update.
I think is cool
Needs work on second thought
This is a better version
With lastest updat I cannot watch videos or upload videos/pictures. I am using Samsung Galaxy S5....
When I try to get upload a video, the app crashes. Won't stop trying to upload on launch, which requires me to dump the app cache to get it to log out.
Verry esy faster&nice
I can't watch videos so fukk this new update. Bi**h a** ni**as. Fix this sh*t now.
Good
Unable to download after a Sony phone update
Facebook
Good but it takes up 101mb from my storage
Love it
Videos will not play. Keep getting error message saying cannot play video.
Junk
Ibrahim
New update wont allow me to play videos.  Unable to play video.  Unknown error.  Thats why I hate updating apps.  Please fix this.
Very good app
Love it
Excelent
App
So why exactly do you need access to my camera and microphone? App was quickly uninstalled when I saw the app permissions.
Thanks!
There are lot of news about apps haven't any privacy. I made me aware of what I download (apps)....I when thru my apps information and saw that this apps doesn't have any privacy as well. I will be uninstalled this app.
My phone keeps freezing on me and making my phone die to quickly, wish I never bothered to update it, was working perfectly fine until I updated! Needs sorting out not happy!
What happened to are privacy
Super duper mega over love it.
I love it
Good for  meeting friend and chatting
The new update bites!!! I cannot play any videos on my Facebook at all only since the new update this week.  I'm very disappointed with  the changing.
Here's what I want: one app for all things Facebook that sites me on my phone what I would see on my desktop.
When I open app it either force closes or freezes. And if you try to cancel upload onto facebook it doesn't let you.
After update won't let me upload photos
Don't mind new look and all but since it came out all I get in error playing video everyone can't watch anything on Facebook and that on my WiFi
Tarda un monton
I like
Samsung galaxy S3
It was working fine for me before... now when I search something it doesn't say if it's a person, page, or group. Kind of annoying. And when I'm scrolling through my news feed some updates say likes and half a comment. For example, a post would say "4 likes 1c" but it's half a c. And I go to see the comment it ends up being there is no comment... fix these glitches.
When i try to delete stuff from my profile, it stops working and closes
Fb rocks my cock
When rumours started flying about the messenger app allowing some unknown people to spy on you, I uninstalled that crap immediately. Now the Facebook app isn't allowing me to use chat on the main app?! That's so unnecessary! I'm going to delete the facebook app from my phone right now because this is just a wacked out situation. People can still send me a chat message, but I can't view it, AND THE NOTIFICATION DOESN'T GO AWAY. STUPID!!!!
923
I really like the new layout. But it needs the ability to edit/delete comments.
Love it  love it loVe it
Its alright
Latest update very glitchy stuttering scroll action not happy
Boooo
Constantly saying network error from time to time only with this app
So you know I like Facebook it's good the only thing I don't like it slow and messenger
Well this app just goes with my iPad without any problems !!
I'm uninstalling this POS
Amazing works 100%perfectly
Always having problems logging in"""""!!!!!!"""""
I won't let me view videos
I like that!!!
Love love love!!!
4stars vasash kafie.
:)
Fun way of keeping in thuch
Back off
It artistically steals other apps memory and make my phone run slow. Please create fb with its own file manager
Messaging acts up sometimes  & Uploading
Title
Love to share photos and keep in touch with important people
J
Love it
Get rid of it
Good
This App is okay!
Its facebook
Good
Was opening web pages in Facebook. Now outside. Just changed with no update.
Love this app.
Because it is
very eazy and user friendly
Great
Social waste of time. Do something productive people, instead of wasting time with other people's stupid doings.
Qool
Social networking site
It sucks
Loved d app.
it walks Very slowly
90
Ok this needs approving. -.-
When opened said setting up Facebook closed it opened again still the same thing left it there for 20 min came back to it still saying setting up Facebook uninstalled and now won't let me install again keeps saying error "24"
Good
Get it I guess? NO JUST GET IT
Too much space
Looking gorgeous
Gb
I was just wondering whats going on with the video playing all the videos i click on says that video can not play error and blah blah never use to do that before till after the update fix this please
every time I click on video for youtube it closes the app please fix
Love it!!!!!
G2mini
ever since i took messenger off i cant watch videos ppl post. need this fixed asap
After latest update pics and videos are not loading correctly kindly fix it
Don't no why you need so much infomation but I've been getting  emails and texts from all sorts of organizations I hope your not responsible for them getting my information!! if so stop, as it is completely out of order ..the new apps are crap and getting even worse from every update ,quit waisting time being nosy information thieves and consentrate on Making these apps work
Good
Facebook
Just takes up too much memory
Videos aren't playing.  I've restarted everything.
Eh
Downloads too slow
I refuse to download an additional app to message Facebook friends. The whole point about FB that I like is that all my online social activities can be in one place. You took away half of my FB account so you get half the stars.
Love it but I hate messager
Need to change the messager
Great app!!
Cant write messages any more!!!
Privacy blah blah, slowness blah blah, reduced functionality blah blah, memory hog blah blah, 2 apps instead of 1 blah blah... Tried mobile version of the web and actually prefer it to all the the blah blah... When will Facebook finally get the mobile app right?
Last few days updated my xperia software then it deleted the facebook app and i cant reinstall it till now ....what the problem plz help
Closes all the time posts get deleted shows posts that have been posted days ago in feed as new  sort it out latest update is a load of poo can I get any clearer
1. Unable to play videos throws an error saying an unknown error occured. 2. Turn off notifications doesn't work.
The updated version of this app is inferior 2 the way it use 2 be. When using the new feed, postings that are either hours or days old are on top of the main page instead of the latest postings. When never I need 2 edit something I posted, there's no edit option, I have 2 delete the post & then repost it with the corrections. Please fix this inferior faulty app or close it down!
So so
Amazing
Constantly freezes, cannot play videos, overall very shody...
Simply bad.
Good
It's been a couple days and still can't play videos!  whatever change you made, messed up the ability to play videos. Please fix!
Love it can get it any on my phone and it is fast when I have a good internet connection
NO "forced" to DL the new messenger yet.. But if IT'S like the other i've DL n took off more then 5x.. Hope the setting aren't as bad. &We can still control those annyoning chat heads!   N as soon as I log in.. I always 1st change setting to NO NOTIFICATIONS.. PERIOD.. I'LL GO online fb when I feel like it n check.  Don't want my phone doing something everytime someone messages me¡­I have over 6000 members in a group+ my personal page¡­
It's good
Better bring back the old version
Awesome way to communicate with all friends
I love Facebook soooooooooooo much it is awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Great
Love it
Good
Great
I like it
Good one
I wanted. Julia Bailey. Taking off my Timeline.
I really don't like that I can't see my PAGES feed without using the desktop.
Why its always goes setting and updating?!!
Aosome
Nice...
Since i updated this app it keeps freezing and show up the 'internal memory is low' its stressing me.. Fix it!
It's a great social site  I got my old school buddies here n hope this journey continues
My favorite
This app was the best untill I had to update my phone, now it just says incompatible update :/
Ya naoxando
Very useful
Every time i try to upload  a picture  it turns gray and freez
Not bad...
Videos won't always start...may stop with an error halfway and sometimes the app freezes
Swapping between app and messenger takes time.
soran
this is the best
Great way to keep in touch with all your friends and family!
hechos Yorvsddyuk
Dptingkatkn lg usha mnjana minda mnusia zmn skung..
After the new update i cant see no videos...a error message appears everytime
Unsure weather keep or not
Ok
Nice....
After the update my news feed is not working to well likes and comments not showing until the next day please fix
Every update adds more layers of crap/bloatware than previously thought possible, such that 'messenger' now requires its own app to do the same thing it did before. Get a clue from Twitter's former architect.
It worked for me within 15-20 seconds
Super super ji
I have ZTE blade G, and after the latest update the app just says "Setting up facebook", nothing happens more...i waited, and waited, but nothing...
Incompatible device sony xperia e1 after the last update.  Please fix ASAP
Why am I being forced to download an additional app to check my messages? This is bs. Best to use browser
Great!
When I open the app, all it says 'setting up facebook' or 'not responding' -_-
Reinstalled app..now it freezes when I start scrolling. Better off deleting it and using the browser.
Freezes all the time.
fb
Since the updates videos no longer play on my phone. Click the video and then a message appears saying unknown error while trying to play this video
This app similar to yahoo, takes up a lot of data and requires all of your phone information. Why?
I know everyone else is complaining about the update of android on Xperia E1 and I have the same problem... It deleted the application and won't let you re-install it :( I really hope they fix this as I can't go without a day, checking what drama has acured that needs addressing and fights and the list can go on....
I really like all the different groups out there you can join
Its okay butt lots of laggs and glitchs
Haven't really had  chance have good look so my ratings bit on the safe side
Gut
Nice
Its the best
Not good vry slow ...
Slowed down my tablet immensely. It would not open properly and was just useless. Uninstalling and will not install again until I see reviews that prove this was fixed.
Its been several updates and still the video player sucks. Please fix it. Let me know if you need any update from me. Will be glad to help.
Updates which are likely to understand. ....not like few who even update that what they are doing in the washroom

Notbad
Nice-
Woow
Takes 50 attempts before it will even install
Esta app dependiendo del terminal va bien
The only reason why I don't like this is because now you have to download the messenger app.
I don't need another app  to send message on Facebook.
I figured this must have updated due to the fact that absolutely nothing works.  It just opens up and stares at me despite my taps and attempts to scroll.  Lo and behold,  open it up and shows recently updated.  You guys are batting 1.000 for worst string of updates ever released to the public. Clean house.  This is ridiculous.
Not able to play a single video in the app. Everytime shows an error and even while clicking images and going back, it navigates to a different place in the newsfeed
I hope it will be faster.
Have to force close after every use, otherwise phone takes like 20 minutes to charge 1%, and overheats my phone
Lousy!
Its a good distraction
Coolll
Good aaps and I have love it
I can't see the images on fb after the update
Nice app
Yas
Keeped forse closing on me now I cant open it at all
I don't see why people are complaining they always have been in our privacy even on other apps I don't really care tho
Still love it ;-)
Since the up date. How lame. Like seriously this app has this many downloads and you.cant even keep it working right
good
Good social site
Cant play video
Good
Facebook
Erica cothon
Good
Cool man
Facebook will no longer work on my phone, just leaves me with a blue screen which says its loading Facebook but sticks there. Update and let me back in please!
Very nic
Love this app makes everything so much easier
Excellent
Always not updating status ... sooooooo frustrating
Loved it
Good
App
5 star quality!
It's really wonderful
Nice app
A good social app
The app is good but, when I want to watch a video it gives me an error. Phrase fix this because I like watch the ALS ice bucket challenges.
The newest update causes the app to scroll to the top of the list if a new story shows up. This is really annoying because it usually happens when I'm in the middle of reading someone's status and then I lose my spot.
Good
I used to have old facebook app that I nva updated. It was quick and easy. This new version is horse shit. I've wasted so much fucken data trying to get past setting up facebook before it goes to a black screen then crashes. Fix it
Nice
Nice apps
Love it
My Samsung tab cannot download this app....
Permissions are out of hand, separating messenger is no fun. Also seriously guys the permissions.
:(
Like it
Oooooper
Honestly, you guys should have kept the messages in the app. Not everyone has the GB on their phone to support it.
Good app always support when needed.request must have it good for mutal friends.
It is awesome
MONJU
It's a brillant apps
Getting better
Return messages withou the app
Very Poorr
Ateeq
Love it
very good app
Facebook
Well first when I downloaded Facebook its was OK but now its like say to log out every 1 min.
Come on do i need to comment....
Very good
After this latest update, the videos won't load. Keeps saying an unknown error.
Please allow us to message using fb app. Fb messenger app takes up too much resources.
It
Good
starts to be good
I did your stupid update. It still force closes on me. Y u keep making new apps for fb and FORCING people to download them when u can't even get the original one right? Lousy.
Nice
I'm digging the Facebook embedded browser. But while I'm reading I'll get messages (I know this won't be a problem when messenger is required to message friends *please don't*) but maybe for the meantime give us a "picture in picture" type feature to temporarily minimize the browser to see the menu again.
This new update won't load after it first opens....thinking about just getting on fb through my browser..
Best
It's amazing :)
I've been trying since a long time but this update is not compatible on my fone and also deleted the older already installed
They are taking your information selling it to companies and the federal government. Facebook now can control your entire social life. This is a major invasion of privacy like your tracking me every minute I have Facebook reading my texts and using my device history... like all of this is unnecessary for a simple social networking tool
Always updating but never finishes and it's soooo slow to load.
Best app
Unique
Need more improvement
Hai
Good
It is AWE
i have problems opening fb. it always show a message that states wait, force close or report.
Ever since the latest update I can look through my news feed for all of 30 seconds and it force closes
Stuck on the loading screen
uses camera when on mobile nd can use call list texts and tons of other info of yours
Average performance for the mid-range handsets.
Its excellent
very well
Two days to update still not done, and now it won't reinstall on my samsung 4 what a load of crap
So I can't get on fb with out it closing on me... Won't even load the page before it closes on me... I've tried force stopping it, clearing the data, I've even tired uninstalling it a few times... Same issue... This is getting ridiculous... I might as well get my Myspace back or go to Google + if they keep it up... One thing after another with Facebook...  :-(
Not too many bugs on my phone
Take your app and shove it up your a**
Doesnt even load
It's good .
Good job
:)
The setting up Facebook blue screen is all I see now since the last update. Not impressed.
Wont even install on android. Stalls at 93%. Useless. Back to laptop!
R
After years worth of updating it I finally think it deserves my 4star rating. I will rate it 5 when you can do everything browser FB can no chat no stars
B
Cool.
Boring as hell. Team Insta!
It's alright.
new update please!
Five0star
Was perfect until Facebook decided to make Messenger app compulsory for texting. Will switch back to 5 stars once they go back to the previous version.
Remove messenger -> 1*. If mobile site can have messenger built in, an app should do this without any problems
Erica cothon
Last  update sucks
Fine until last update, now will play one minute of video and pop up says, cannot play this video.
My phone is SONY XPERIA Z. All of the videos i've watched lasts for about 10+seconds or something, not a minute at all. There's always "an error occur" to every videos, even on VINES. PLEASE FIX IT. Thanks :)
Last update has completely stopped Facebook working
Working smoothly. This time no error loading news feed. Keep it up Facebook.
Get rid of the messenger app and restore the original.
WILL YOU FKING FIX THE FKING APP! FKING RETARDS!
Nice
Get rid of the messenger icon for pity's sake. Or at least get rid of the warning. Make it so I can get to 'most recent' as my default page. Stop auto running videos even though I have ticked the no box. Let me search just my contacts again. Broader search is no help!
Hey the only l got this is because
Like
Since the latest update when I play a video it's stops before the end on every video I've tried to play
Love It Love It
Hiiiiii
Consume mucho recurso de maquina
Upgrade on this app useless
Please fix so i can watch videos again
What's happened?!?? Yesterday after updating it to the latest version I was able to open external link within this app. But today it's not happening!! It's automatically sending mentor chrome just like before the update!! Was it only experimental? And if it was, it was really great.
Beautiful but airtel network condition to bad
Horrible!   I have to browse through the news feed to find anything recent... where's the choice like before?!  I seriously can't find anything recent.  The whole set up sucks.  I have used this app for years and am now considering just getting rid of it.
Cool messenger
androidapp
Gets crappier as every update rolls in.
App wont even play videos. Everytime i open a video it says : sorry but an unknown error occurred while trying to play this video...restarting the app wont fix this error... Please fix up Facebook crew
Its exiting....
Like it
This app had went from a fun social app, to straight out violating people's rights! I find it very offending, and bother some that someone could be so desperate money that you don't even care what your doing to people.
Excellent
I don't like this fb messenger it's  bored wen ur bizy there iz not logging out remove it
Dont force to dwnload   a messenger..........
Once again the app has become terrible. Slow to load, freezes my phone, the whole messaging thing is ridiculous. Once again unistalling until you guys get your crap together.
I can't even custom who can see my post after the updated
Freezes way too much
Good  but always update
Mdayan
Good luck and best wishes to all
Not bad
It wont let me upload videos it crashes please fix!
Add a feature for adding files (not necessarily photos or videos) to send in messages and in groups. This will facilitate collaboration among users for projects for work or school..
Its great
Liked old facebook style,better.
Super
Needs to improve a bit more
Prying into peoples lives and privacy.  I am reluctant with your product
Very funny
When I open the app it just shows a very screen now. I'm 100% sure this is from the new update.
Very very good
WHY CAN'T YOU MAKE A VIDEO PLAYER? BECUASE YOU'RE A SOCIAL MEDIA COMPANY! WHAT'S WRONG WITH THE DEVICE MEDIA PLAYER? NOTHING! NO ONE ELSE MAKES THEY'RE OWN!
What the hell is happening after update
Don't get many chat messages few times!!!
I would like to say thanks the creators because now we can contract very easly with our friend relative I have enjoy its thanks
Good performance
Why does FB need to download files without notifying me it's doing it? Spying on me? More permissions than my bank app requires!!! PLEASE PUT MESSAGES BACK ON THE MAIN APP!!! I REFUSE TO DOWNLOAD ANOTHER MEMORY HOGGING APP!!!! Free -got what I paid for.
Good
In the latest version it specifically states that you can text and group chat with friends. This is an outright lie. You can chat with friends ONLY if you also install the messenger app which works whether or not Facebook app is installed. Given the controversy over the deciding to require two apps instead one, I don't buy that this was an oversight but rather a deliberate attempt to mislead. Add to add insult to injury it wont even run now. Twitter anyone?
To j  mhz
bad app
Excellent
To view news feed, this app is to be used, and for messaging ..use "fb messenger"...another app. Do we supposed to switch apps all the time. Waste of memory , waste of time. From where the fck they got the policy to make 2 apps where 1 can do the work alone.
increase it
Vinodbharaiya
good app
Sport
Since the update im not able to play any video that someone posted i uninstalled the app and reinstalled still not able to view videos FIX IT
Good
Need too improve,keep the hackers off
Intrusive permissions for text messages and hardware. App disabled. Facebook, you need to respect privacy.
I like that.
Best for chatting
9.9.....i give it coz Facebook wow mi best I loving no more den Facebook......
IT is nice to contact to girlfriend and boyfriend. Other friend  . IT is nice apss
Load
It is one of the best way to connect with friend nd family..I like to use it so much...thanks for fb creater...
Neetu SETHI 1978@gmail. Com
If i click on a profile while in the comments section of a post it just kills the app
Wonderful
This app is not all its crackt up to be it will force you to get messinger witch is annoying as heck
Thanks for this fantastic app
Good
Works.  great
Please bring back the old version.
Good but speed is very less have to improve
Everytime I open it it closes again fix it
::
Good
Aslia minis
It was unnecessary because messaging was already in the application. I will not be downloading the message app.
I want it all in one app!
zaw
this app make easy to use fb.
No girlfriend ....*
After the last update, will not open. S3 mini
Bhut vadiya hai ji eh ek ajehi cheej hai k banda kite bahar forn gya hove ta phde naal v gal ho sakdi hai ghar bethe bhethe
It is the best way to connect you with your old friend
hehe
Bernard w Quarles
Lovele
Videos not loading...Images loading too slow
Crashes constantly. Load of crap.
Gr8 :))
Love it
Good but not fast loading. Its very slow pls upgrade  speed... messenger is very nuisance to my fb app so its very slow
Updated the app and now my videos won't play! Please fix this.
This is the 5th time i updates my facebook..like seriously wat the hell.
Loving
I know my password and why?
Foryou
They took away the feature "messages" from this FB app and moved them to their horrible messenger app. So now you are forced to install another app on your device if you want to continue to veiw or send any messages.
The last update of dis app is terrible, mark u must be kidding!uninstalling asap
It always loads top stories for me instead of Most recent feeds.
This is realy workable..
Everytime I open the app a second later it closes
Very very good
Superb
Bulla ka app
Good
I dnt like how it has to go through all your settings to br installed.
I get that you want me to download the messenger app because you're moving. I don't want the messenger app yet you show me a red star every time I start fb app. Annoying! One star! A week later I'm still getting spammed to install messenger. Meh, who needs Facebook. Uninstalling the app!
invasion of privacy
Facebook
Toomuch love
Khan
It's life
I
Its good but hanking over.........
Wow
Love Facebook but wish these "permissions" that give who knows who access to our PRIVATE lives and that u can record/video us without  without us knowing!?!?! That's a little freaky! And an invasion of our privacy!
The fact that you have to download a whole separate app just to use messages is absolutely moronic. Big downfall in my opinion.
Facebook was an important part of my life...! This mobile fb sucks. But I wish you guys should bring some reforms to get as fast as new updates very soon. All an all it is very much disgusting app...! Don't install it.
Some times some thing gone rong..
Doesnt work sometimes
Please fix. Messages dont load up normally. I can see new messages come in but once i click the thread to view the pm, the message isnt there. Takes a few mins to load properly.
Pop ups on phone so intrusive with latest update!
When I attempt to sync Facebook contacts not will not sync at all. Please fix!
Too much irritation when you open and get message for updates
V.bad version.
Quality
Was working fine until the update the other night.  Now when I try to open the app it just says setting up Facebook.  Guess no more Facebook for me.
Candy Crush Saga
Okkkk
It keeps saying due to an error 192 it won't update. What the heck is that?
The best app
Awesome!!!!
owsm
Cant update fast it is an error
The update did nothing but screw up my phone. I uninstalled Facebook and Messenger both after they were repeatedly 'not responding'. My phone now works fine. And even if you do fix the bugs with the update I will not reinstall ... You don't need all my private information, and you sure as hell don't need access to my camera and microphone.
Loved it
Every after 2 or 3 months its OK but every week or in 10 to 15 days updating is not good and very boring. Actually I want to use Facebook so I am doing this all updates but in fact I am harassed & have no choice. Thanks to ur Facebook team to bring this dirty idea to break heart like this. Anyways I will try to not use this application as soon as possible, in future.
I can't copy the status for my further use....please fix it!!!! One star is remain only for that problem
the new version is irritating me soo much........awl i hv 2 uninstall and re install it from playstore....plz fix it
When login, massege says "try single sign on"
GoodApp
Bakvas jama........
Thanks
But not working on gionee s5.5
Hate the upgrade!
Love it
Good
Is soooooo good Apps
Dixie
I cant watch videos beacouse it was buffering alot and my internet is fast can you fix this bug that would be greatly appreciated.
Facebook is God tamie pass is a Vrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrry God I us facebook 1 years my facebook I'd (next.next.9693) my real I'd thanks to all
update?
Every video in the last 3 seconds will always hang. Please do something.
Awesomee facebook app
Ummmmm
Facebook can take video and pictures of you at any time!  There's more... Read the permissions.
Good and nice app
When I load facebook it loads and then freezes then kicks me off .please fix.I just done the new update.I have done the second update. Same thing.omg !does it really take this long to come up with a fix?   -have done the third update now it doesn't work at all .fix soon or im deleting.
Not really ok
Used to be able to play FB videos just fine. (Xperia Z) Now only a few seconds will play. I've uninstalled  and re-installed twice without success. If not fixed soon will un-install permanently as it's too Frustrating.
Barhara  rudrapur deoria  UP pin 274204
Zbrdast
Major video bug on xperia z where video takes ages to load then cuts out part way through (even on wifi), app takes a while to load then sometimes encounters errors plus picture bugs where it only displays partial images and a massive memory leak in app as it is using up 89% on a quad core. So all in all the new update really does suck, sorry facebook this update is a fail....
Easy to use
Fun
I luv it
Not a fan of the privacy settings but it's better than the mobile Web version a suppose
wonderful
Good but has problem in syncing contacts please do something
God is good
I miss u
Excellent social network.The best social network.
Also good
Nice app
Exilent
Good
Very nice...........
I can't share my photo like in computer, just share it no upload again in other album
Goosgoodggood
Cool app
After the second last update, most of the video cannot played and error dialogue was show. After the latest update, EVERY video CANNOT be played... please fix it...   p.s I'm using Sony Xperia ZR
Updated my experia e1 to kitkat 4.4 and now app says not compatible when I try to install
Good
Newsfeed doesn't seem to update as it should, my messages will not load at all, I can't accept friend requests, nit all posts are showing up on my profile, and everytine I click on a notification the app closes.  This update is worthless.
Phariya ariya
:-(
Realy good softwere
Love it
im
keep up good work
Vyas.
Julie Keen
very good
Out standing app
I m deleting this app. I don't like to install anything forcefully.
Love it
The app saying to update it trying to update it and I'm not getting true. So i delete the app, and now i trying to reinstall it and I'm not getting true. Facebook standards are dropping.
Love to use
Every video I try to open in app plays for about 15 sec then stops. Unknown error occured message comes up. So frustrating.
Can't use latest on galaxy s3. Won't load news feed
ek no. wooow suprb
Good
It just keeps on crashing on me! Please fix it.
Update suckssssss net mb....
Keeps crashing. Highly unstable especially scrolling through news feed.
Always taking more data for all updates . So uninstalled this Facebook
Good
Facebook
With this new update i cant see the videos on news feed it saids error
M w h
I don,t like messenger
I'm tired off all of the issues like messenger.
Most of the longer videos don't fully load which gets really annoying
Okay
Why don't you stop being cheap and pay companies to do your surveys instead of you stalking and spying on us!!!!!
Before update the app was slow but after super app.
For new generation
Not gud
Dev
It's a good way to get in toucheck with your old family members!!!! (;
Considerate improvement
U guys r doing gr8
A time consumer but awesome
Please fix the facebook messenger cause i dont want to install it in my cellphone .
Install
Umm . . . Kya likhu yr . .;)
Videos never play through on Sony xperia z
Nt good it always shows me download Facebook messagner... nd i don't want to download Facebook messanger so plz work out on this
Lahu
Suka sngt dengan facebook baru neyy
Doesnt let me play videos, or a error message pops up, very aggravating.
Easy to use and simple...
Good Aap
Love it
Hd
Ganda hai ye
bad
after update i cant download my photos on my phone.i cant even view my album photos correctly. pls help...
Great app but still few bugs.plz fix.
Using good
Like it aktually love it its better than i thought it was
poyo
MaSt
good
Excelent facebook very very good softwear facebook any peopel instoling facebook
Unknown error, cannot play video: I've uninstalled and reinstalled but still don't work. Deleting this crap app.

Pradeep Bishnoi
Lovely cute
Its great
I wants message photo open by album system
Facebook
It just doesn't support replying comments. The app sometimes turns black and the texts become unreadable.
Can't sync contacts
Whats up with the videos on here?? Wont play as error occurred!!!  WTF.... Sort it out plssssss
this app is good
Now i cant turn on or off notifications!
Not fast
Like for you
Wow..
Don't like to download it... it takes for ever!!!!
Sangat menyukainya
Does not respond
Friendship
When I check the app in the morning with the 'most recent' feed, it gives me posts from the previous forty-five minutes and then from eight hours previous - nothing in between. I use this app to keep up with what's current. It's functionally useless for that purpose as long as it continues creating these massive gaps. UPDATE FOR NEW VERSION: still the exact same issue.
Nicr
This app allows me to connect with all my friendzz whom I can directly contact
Easy to use it
Vry nice
Lovely
Love it
I am loving it !
Is the not work the worst app the not what ever facebook application is not working while it is android one android ford.
Facebook is the very good  game. Mohammad jasim uddin. I like facebook
With out the Messenger application I can't send messages. Idiotic.
App failing on regular basis on startup after update to latest version.
In need to fix the videos when we trying to play..
Useful verson
J
Good
When i close the facebook app ads appear wtf?
I keep selecting turn off notifications to no avail. -Salsa Guy
this ap is very important and useful information app store that
I can't remove the bulger post.error message for ex jignesh jadav posted a bulger pic today
I'm starting to hate this app. I do not like being forced to install an app to read messages. That's dumb. & ever since the last update, my events aren't working. Please fix this.
Pls make "hide offline friends" option???
Can't play video
P
i like
Lip its
Good

mantaf
Lg
I Cant Look At Any Pictures , The Videos Only Play For Like Three Seconds And Then Says An Error Occured & Every Since I Updated It Its Been Getting Worst..... I'm Really About To Uninstall This Crap Smh
It's so good
Am enjoy to use this site very much.
F u !!
Cool
CAN'T VIEW PHOTOS! U ****!!!
I want to see what I liked don't choose for me. I also want to see what is going on today I've already seen the posts from yesterday.
Ayos
Always " error loading news feed " !!
Loved it
My videos wont load
Facebook its not allowing me to watch videos due to an error
I can't log in?
I'ts nice..i like it....
When i open the apps it's force closing,and when i open it again it work... but when i clear the facebook from my task,i should to reply the step again and again
best
J
Setting up facebook almost 1hour
Like
The best social network app!
$$$$
Nice
Videos won't play after update
Don't waste your time downloading this s**t it doesn't let you text you have to download messenger and thats insecure people be careful with your imfo
I don't want another app
Some pictures are not getting displayed.. fix the problem please
Wont let me see videos plz fix it uninstalling facebook app dam thing dont work yall need to stop.the update ur just fuckin up fb app goin back to the web
One thing that is frustrating is when you wanna upload a picture from your device.. you have to scroll through every picture you have in your in a random order.   Why can't it be sorted into the different foldesr layout so it could be easily accessed ? Its very frustrating when you just take a picture and then have to review half if what's on your phone or device .. just to get to that pic.   Hope somebody reads this ... but doubt it
Hyr
Plz add a new Facebook app gor lite version to those who use 2G network for browsing
Ranjit
cant be downloaded
Norliahranz
Great
We are all experiencing it, all Xperia Z model. How can we fix this? Is there an update that would remedy this?? Need some input. Thanks
i can't sync my fb contacts to my contact list plss fix it
It took 10 minutes to set up on the first run. It's slow and laggy. The message notification shows new messages but it needs a separate app to see the message. What's the point of the notification there anyway? I have to turn off video auto play on every device I use. I do not want the feature and I tried to turn it off many times. Facebook has to respect user's choice.
Facebook
I already reached the maximum friends capacity on my account so i enabled the "follow" option. But im trying to explore everything on the app but unfortunately i cant see where are those followers. It is only visible on my desktop.
outstanding app
V slo..
After the update keeps freezing and cant watch any videos! please fix asap!!
after new update recently its became more worst. take lot of time to open
Must add new apps. Hate it
Why on earth would FB need access to my camara and mic?  Wifi info? Texts?  Cant believe people let them ,knowingly, have access to all their info.  No thx.
True its very nice
Just Good
Need some more improvement then i will rate it 5star.....
Good
Soooi gud. ..I lv it....
Es una buena app pero se q pueden mejorarla
Samsung galaxy s2
Easily attached wide frnd
Good app
Video call not here.so improve u r Facebook
Of course most recent should being the default and only news feed there but since last update it doesn't even show every post. Ill go on my computer and see almost twice as many posts by my friends. So now this is pretty much useless as I miss a lot of stuff if I dont use a computer to catch up.... WTF?!?!?!
Facebook good :)
Hated
Wow
OPPO Find 7
A little slow
When I try to open it it always show Facebook is not responding
Kkkkkk
Always have problems while watching on videos. Sometimes it can't open at all. Sometimes can't view for the last few seconds. Please fix it
I like Facebook
Good
Crash on start Sony ST27i
OK WTF IS THE PROBLEM NOW EVER SINCE THE LASTEST UPDATE I CAN'T WATCH ANY VIDEO WTH ARE YA'LL DOING AT FACEBOOK?????
Good
Great
Nice but
This Best apps is very good
Good
I love the New update
No more integrated messanger.
It says "setting up facebook " every time when I am trying to open it, but it never opens!!
Great!!!
nice aap
Hay
Fix this pos app! All i get is pop ups saying it has quit responding or doesnt work at all
Worst app on earth.....
But I don't like the excessive permissions.
Exelent app
Nice media
Love it!!!!!!!!
Excellent.
HTC One M8. When I use the app sometimes it just freezes and it is just stuck. Even when I kill the app and reopen it, it is still frozen.
couldn't view all the pictures on my mobile
S4, works nicely, no problems at all, god bless samsung
Please retrive the old inbox, the facebook messenger is not user friendly!!!!!
Wala rin
Videos constantly fail to play. Give us back external video play!!!!!!!
Nice
Facebook
Coolest
Its slow and cutts out all the time and it takes 30mins to load and now it won't run my updates bc of error 492
Great app
Very disappointed the private message option does work without downloading an app that leaves no privacy.
It always prompt that I will download messenger.. fuckin hate it
Good
Good
V....good
So nice
Hi
It doesn't have a visible menu button.
Its little bit slow but nice app.....
Fix the timeline!! Showing things that was 3 days ago, no recent activity!! We NEED Facebook Messenger? Why are y'all looking through our information without our consent?
unable 2 update.stoped at 72%..
Solanki
Niceeeee
Unbelievable.
Nice and im give full stars for new update and before update this application need to root for open my accaount facebook.. Niceee
Excellent
This app is rubbish won't play the video's on my Sony Xperia
walang pinagbago ganun padin nmn ehhh !!
we can share with our friends
Nice
Never had a problem until last update, keeps freezing and shut down.
A like most it is very good.
Nice app
Good
Why does Facebook need all this information about me, and why does it need access to my camera and microphone. Hate the new Facebook, uninstalling now
Nice app but main problem is we cant copy text in this app
I absolutely like this app..that before update..but..after update about 3 time..it become slow and slow and slow and slow and slow and slow slow slowlyyyyyy to log in..sometime it will take half hours..why???
Topics And interesting application
It's ok
I'm deleting the Facebook app until we can use in app messaging again.
Love this app!! 
Won't start after most recent update.
facebook rock
It's best application. ..
Not supported app to sd? Kitkat
I can no longer watch videos with this new update.  Please fix asap or I'm going back to myspace
More functions now that work!
Its awesome
bst apps
Hope you're having a laugh you idiots....
It wont install
Dost jude rehte he
News feed always error. It also freezes everytime I do chatting with my friends. Besides, this app uses more spaces in my device, but I use 16GB memory card. I install less apps, but this app conquers 2/3 of my internal storage!!! Hope this app can be fix.
Cant view videos since the new update says there is a error everytime unless i go to the mobile site :(
The new update is horrible.  I no longer can buy gifts for friends.
Fix the bugs
Brill
Excellent app  l
fine
Why does the FB app have to have access to your mobile texting regardless of privacy? Why should they be able to send out text from my phone. I have deleted both FB app and FB messenger app. Hopefully more people will do the same. Other apps don't need access to my personal texts. Just creepy and as far as I am concerned unlawful.
I hate messenger
Pictures or newsfeed won't load for over 2 weeks now. If this isn't fixed within a few days, I will be uninstalling this useless app.
I enjoy Facebook, but this last updated version is slow. Mostly the alerts bug me- they don't go away when you click them. I don't remember any previous versions that bothered me as much as this.
Super
Hated it!!
It's simple, it takes too long to load, I can't even get to my events, I cannes can't share certain things, I'm forced to use the messenger app, it's slower, DISLIKE...I used to be very happy with it. Would re-review if fixed...
It's aight!
Not working upon my Samsung Galaxy S2
Finally got this running good, has its flaws, but its okay
Excellent app
It would be injustice to say it worked on my android phone.
Average Speed
Janessa owayan
i like apps .. this app is so great  ..
Better ha
Too good
Good
Good
Its too much slow
Nice
You should put chat heads on facebook the app itself
Nice
Old version is very saddy
Yash
App
Good to have Bt too much specious
S h it app. No more "most recent" news feed. Couldn't get any worse. And why the hell am I required now to have the messenger!? I can't open the app and go to the inbox and respond there. The messenger is ok but it's another app taking up space! I don't need or want 2 apps for the same thing.
I updated Facebook but now after about one min of scrolling down it freezes on me!!
Amazing i loved it
Very nice app
Facebook
Dear sir         i donr wat mashenger please fix the facebook chat
Great until you want watch videos
Actually, it's good. But, please bring back the old model of message/inbox that include inside. It shouldn't to download messenger anymore. More simple.
V good FBI team
Bst
Its sooo slow not sooo fast.
The video doesn't get upload I had to uninstall it and then reinstall it on my Google nexus 5 still doesn't work need an update
more fun on zid
Nice application.
12345cute
13546785
It's excellent
ok
0:):|no idea no privacy wtf!o_O
Facebook
hsisnx f wkjwnw I fj toxin t dc f hush fuzzy the UK and Ireland. We will Rock and I need some more information. We will Rock. The comments for your email, and a few day .We will be able, 474hhdoenfi3
Stuck on setting up facebook Screen. And the separate messenger app is pointless. Takes up space on my phone that I dont really have. Get it together please
I love being able to access my facebook anytime I want
Good to use
Siakisamo
Keeps saying incompatible update and it has removed fb all together from my phone?
It's always Error when I open app :( why ???? Fix for me :(
Its slow and I cannot see messages being sent
Cool
Takes too long to load
Setting up Facebook... Fix is :(
Life is beautifull enjoy it . Nature is gods gift preserve it.
It's To Slow when I aLways Logging Out my AcCount!
it was very good
Nice but can do more
IT'S WORKING FAST
It is  slow
Superior
When I'm in my notifications and I go to back out from them, I back completely out of the app. Please fix. (Update: was hoping this would be fixed on last update but sadly was not)
Great Job
I find my news feed is never up to date and I sometimes miss posts unless I scroll for ages. Needs sorted!
Asalam fb
Best apps for the androied mobile
I love you this application
Good
People are really wired.
Setting up Facebook!!!!
Now videos dont play. An error message pops up everytime.
Can't download it to my phone and use on wifi...only via 3G network...
Lovedit
Not till y'all stop trying to make us download that massager app you get one star! Wish it was none!
Its wont let me text back sometimes
Awesome I'm cute in real my name  in facebook is irvincaldeo
Bubles
Kitri ghogale
:)
Loved it
By the last update Facebook just stop so plz fix it
Forces you to upgrade when they do??? I like the 1st fb app. & i hate that messenger bs... i dont want fb messages poppin up on my phone when im not on fb......
There's no custom button while im sharing stuff, and sometime I really don'twant to let smebody see my thing
5
I did the stupid update, now the whole app freeze's. If I stop scrolling to read something, or try and comment,  it freezes and I have to exit out and try again.
Nice superrrrrr
Just to be on fb 4 a minute It charges me not less than R10
I disabled the FB app and enable again just to read the permission it was asking, there is no privacy on your phone, from your calls logged, and your messages, and it says accounts.
You facebookdevs should combine the messenger and the fbchat like in the iphone. Where u press the icon in fb it goes directly to the messenger's conversation list. Coz its not so nice to have an chat app that doesnt sync together as one!
Ekdam mast
Everybody likes....and I too....
This version is better than the one online. Absolutely better, And anyone who doesn't like it as much as I do. YOU SUCK!!!!!!!!!!@@##$//&*()))*^/$#$"'"??":--@@&
Good
Superb !
When I open the app it says "setting up Facebook" under the loading sign and it doesn't open at all. I uninstalled it and reinstalled it and it doesn't work.
Roy Raju

Many of the people/pages I follow NEVER show up in my timeline or appear in my notifications
Gone into an infinite loop! It asks me my activity - say feeling - I select my feeling and it goes back to the acticity selection screen again asking me if I want to select a feeling, watching, travelling, etc!
Ok app
I cant even watch videos without an error message and this is pathetic Facebook needs to fix this ASAP ive sent several request and its fell upon there deaf ears Pls Fix !!!!
Can't live without
After the latest update. Its not working properly. Fix it guys.
Doesn't let me download says error downloading
Its amazing
I want to  know how visit my profile
Awesome!
Good
Nice
Good
Facebook is nice social site
Jpt apps
If I click on notifications tab then click on a notification, I go to click on notification tab and it won't list again like it did before , bad enough I have to go all over app to find recent news feed, now this?
A good social media where every aspect is covered with personal views.
Getting an error while playing or at the beginning of playing a video on the xperia z c6603
I'm giving you 1 star . when my friends start to reply me it always crashed. Plss fix it so I'll give you 5
Likely
Messenger is compulsory is not good....
Fair
Very good
Getting better
This version is super slow
rong
Gossip channel
Adnan honey
The web facebook not work fast but facebook app is very good app.
App keeps freezing constantly and I am NOT installing Facebook messenger. Wish I wasn't so dependent on Facebook.
Please be more user friendly. I'm not owning a really expensive and high end smart phone. Please not forcing us to download your FB messenger after the recent updates.. My phone can't handle that..
Facebook- invader of privacy,  makes you have 2 apps just for them, apps are getting extremely slow, nothin but annoying anymore. They suck! Do yourself a favor and don't get!
Exelent app
Galaxy s4
After the last sony android update i can't install this app it keeps saying incompatible update
Rameshwerlal
Facebook freezes up. Can't do anything except exit out.
It wasn't broken so why change it?

Same here....never loads. Please fix!!
Aowsm......
Please fix video bug for Sony
Xolo the next level
Will give higher score when I can save on my SD card.  Also after the newest update I Cant play any videos!!
I hate how y'all changed the messaging from being able to do it on the app to now u have to have Facebook messenger. I hate Facebook messenger cause it messes up my phone and makes my phone freeze and run really really slow. I think it should be changed back.
LUVVVVVV THIS APP
Amarjeet
Cool apps
Facebook

Ite grt
facebook is a very large community in using u have to use this application
Psiphon
plss do something i dont want to download messenger just to look my message i dont like it plss dont let me download it its annoying
Awesome App
Bkwas :-/ bc bkwas ghatiya update
Freezes or completely shuts off. This is really getting old.
Crap
Severe privacy issues, frankly terrifying. The app can find you on GPS, listen to your conversations, read your email, track all your contacts, and monitor your texts. Sadly, I haven't the willpower to forgo using this addictive service, so if you MUST use Facebook, root your phone and curtail its creepiness with XPrivacy, Permissions Denied, Gemini App Manager, or block its internet access when you're not using it with DroidWall.
Only problem I have is that since the most recent update if I try to watch a video it just freezes
crisel caintic
The download size id just 23MB. However, uses too much of the devices memory and RAM. Not good.
Sorry, I am not downloading an entire other app just to use messages when you are the ones who took away that ability in this app. I'll be deleting this app, keeping a 1 star rating and using my browser until you give us the option back.
After the update no pictures can be seen
Why video cannot be played on my new n latest fb application??hate it so much...please fix it ASAP..
This app is too long to open and they need to install FB Messenger to chat. I think to fused again in one app. Such a waste of memory and space. Fixed it now!!
It is easy to communicate someone you love..
It to mutch Thanksgiving for opurchunity connected friend.++++++++
Granted, I downloaded the app and loved using it prior to the more recent FORCED DOWNLOAD of messenger. Complet stupidity forcing users into another app.
Won't load videos on my don't xperia z2 plays half or not and fails only happens with Facebook
It is faster than previous Facebook apps
Some problems I'm facing with this new version
Why i won't download
Nice
ILoveyou
The newest up date keeps freezing. I have to restart my phone. I have the Galaxy S5 Active.

My only problem with this app is it takes up a lot of space and you can't move it to your SD card.
Rubbish since the update, can't play videos and laggs uncontrollably.
Gao
Kiss my a** Big Brother!
With my old phone the facebook app had tons of problems. Such as crashing or wouldnt open certain features. Now with my lg, every time theres a video on my news feed i cannot scroll passed it until the video loads. I dont even want to watch it but the loading circle appears and i get stuck!
its design is not that good,  and when i search for someone i dont want to remember history
Nice nd fast app
They play for like 2 seconds and freezes !!
.
I can't even install Facebook because it says incompatible update
Bad
Too cool
Love it1
Good
Good
Very sloww
Good! I love it
Have tried 10 times today just to open Facebook.All it does us freeze up my phone.PLEASE FIX ALL YOUR BUGS.I Use Chrome it NEVER Freezes up or has BUGS LIKE THIS APP DOES.THUMBS DOWN FOR THIS SCREWED UP APP!!!!!!!!!!!
Great
Super
Excellent
I can't see videos. :(
I like to look at **** with sixpacks
Please fix this big problem in Facebook. The fact that I can't install it! Iy always says "Error" "Package is Invalid" "Package file is not signed correctly" "Can't install In USB Storage or SD Card" and sometimes when it's already installing, my phone will lagg, SUPER LAGGY, and Google Playstore will CRASH and I have to restart my phone... Please fix this as soon as you can Facebook! :)
One of the best ways to keep up with family and friends. but it's hard to keep it updated
Not able to open videos !!
I keep getting a error message whenever I try to watch a video on facebook. I cant watch videos I posted it says sorry video can not be played unexpected error has occured
Best
it takes to long to log in the old version was faster for some reason but please help! fix this problem or else I'ma delete this app
Cant see how many shares
cool
Rayaz. Bhat
You would think they could do better than this.
My facebook
It takes forever to load and refresh, only 1 notification can be accessed from the notifications icon even if you have multiples. I'll be uninstalling if it doesn't improve.
Help for connect to this world
Why not leave things the way they were
It locks up. Especially when I try to comment on something. Then it crashes. Often will not allow me to see my notifications. I click on it and Nothing. :(
nice..powerful
Vlt3456
Facebook only has interest in its profit margin and does not care about improving the consumer experience. Why would you Make me download messenger this is absurd Facebook sucks.
this application is up to no good. at all. they force us to download messenger for us to send/receive PMs which i think is unnecessary.
After update I can't play my videos. Please fix.
Good apps
I downloaded new app and it's deleted my Facebook and won't let me download again, why the hell make all these changes SORT IT OUT PLEASE
Social media
Please delete search history -,- if u delete i can't gift 5 stars ,
Cool
Imran
Very Good app in word
Nice share apps
Dear Facebook user plz use this apps and I enjoy!!! :)
Im very dissappointed with their service. Its realy slow and it always stop loading.
This is very nice social aaps
Much better
Updated facebook 4-26-14, it's horrible!
Dear developer, You are killing your own product functions. It's better revert facebook messenger All in one. The more online apps running, the more data and battery consumption. Most people prefer it simple and easy apps all in one just like whatsapp.. the notification of FM is fancy and most androids phone is fancy enough with interface gadget that makes the phone so rubbish. I love facebook but I can't use its FM... now i started active with wechat and whatsapp that usually I prefer Facebook previously.
Luv it
It takes easy...
Excellent
Hi
Too good
Bad
Exellent
Best
The app was working fine untill the last update...Now it just shows "setting up facebook"...annoyed
Nice one
Why my Facebook app.  Always UNFORTUNATELY STOP.   :(    Shhit
Great
Messing it up by the day,the old fb was a lot better going to Twitter thanks for ruining fb
After the last update Facebook constantly crashes, it is very annoying please fix it (I'm using Sony Xperia Tipo).
Good
Last few days iam getting trouble.l cant open any video in this app.when i click on the vidieo notification page disappeared. I uninstalled and reinstalled this app a few time but no change the trouble so.
I realy love ir. Its great .
DRAMA of INTERNET
Better

Cool
I cant Update :(
Mmmmmm
nice !
Not mch impresive..have a loads of prblm still k
Its very slow
Its very much incredible n easy to use..
Good
Half the videos on play half way never to be seen all the way through. Or they don't play at all.
Face always like a book....
Get rid of this messenger app garbage
Superb
Don't missuse it
It wants so much knowledge, what will you do with ID of my phone or others?
Don't like you getting into my personal life !!!!
Love it all
Only way to socialism
The best
but it a big apps???
I keep installing it but it say no more space in storage how to do this please teach me it's my first time in using android
Amazing
Why it is so hard to open my old account... i hate it.
Love it
I love this app but it keeps saying facebook has stopped unexpectedly and I've had to foreclose it. This happens all the time.
Me
After reading the permissions on the Messenger app and removing it from my phone, I decided to check out the regular old Facebook app and was mortified by the permissions once again. Gone. Boycotting until you stop being such control freaks.
Superior
Saya memerlukan ini
It workks now!
Love It!!!
This is very Awesome
Can't play videos anymore on facebook error message
I don't see why this app needs to access so much in my table or phone...getting way to big bro there I think....bring back the old fb
Average
Everytime there is a new update the app gets worse and worse!
What happened in the last update? Almost every time I open this app on my S4 it freezes up and refuses to do anything. Barely useable on my phone now.
This is too good.. Plz experience it "!!!
Facebook
Easy
video is not playing after update
Easier to communicate
When I get on fcebk it take forever to load up!! :(
The recent update has killed Most Recent. Sure, you can select it, but it's a few new posts and then it goes straight back to stuff from yesterday. WHY do you think people want that Top Stories crap?
The picture resolution sucks, you can't zoom in, it lags a lot, stops randomly, you can't access a profile from the chat window, videos lag and stop and restart randomly, it's a horrible app
I enter curet password not opan.show u inter rong password. Help me
Messenger cant open like hang.So bad
One star and I'm being generous.
Jeevan.patna
I didnt save the photo! @rrrgh
Excellent
Why change something that works fine...... now it doesn't work at all...
Like it
Superb...
It ite but it is a little slow th0!
Good ;)
fvcking slow to install
It requires separate messenger app to chat, worst
Very good
my news feeder ! But the confirmation code is not arrived in my device till now !!!!!
For an  old version
Chhhhhhh
Hang on setting up facebook....

Its also a bloated pig that runs slower on older tablets and phones.
The main problem is that after viewing all the messages it still shows a notification over the messages bar and also on the main menu icon of the device. When I take a look at the notification then there will be nothing new or anything unread. Kindly fix this.
Uninstalled app after it kept saying setting up fb. Will reinstall when bugs are worked out
I loved it
Ok
Hmmm ohk
Ilike it so much *^.^*
Great
Excelent
I think it is somehow
wattooo
ok
Too much slow
Love it
I like it
Good
Every time when I open this app it does not show news feed of large items. News feed are smaller than the desktop page.  Please fix this problem.
Cdfbvx
Loved it
Great
Good  game
I ril love facebook
Good
I love the app but it shouldnt need access to evrything on my phone!!
cool apps
I can not view avatar in Google nexus 7
Are you f*cking kidding with permissions? What about privacy? I can't send a message. I don't want to use a Messenger for it! F*ck this piece of sh*t!! Unistall!!!!!
Crashes too much and no privacy. Cant do it. Sorry
Friend
Great!!!
Good
Wow
Integrate messenger into your main app.
i cant move to sd card and so hard loading
Nais
Not working properly
I sign in normaly to chat and when I sign out and and sign in again it say there is error.  What a f**k is this app."
11243
I like it but there are few mistake abkut this app because it whas nessasry to install facbook messenger and it's big and there are no privacy
Very nice
Awesome
Dharmendra
Video dont load up nomore
Does what I need it to do
Very nice
Its social application is very exllent in student life
love u
Easier than making a phone call. I love it
While playing Videos unknown error occurred in xperia z.
I like
Really great works well .
Separaliza arreglenlo y les doy 5
App updated two days ago and now crashes every time I try to scroll through my news feed.
Its creepy cause you i read all the terms and conditions of facebook and messenger it collects everything even your location. mark you're collecting too much things from us. Why would we share the location where we are.  I mean just bring back the old facebook! I dont want messenger. my phone cant afford two apps just for one purpose. and facebook wont load my feed and when i restart my phone its still lile that please fix it. Or just bring the old facebook back
It'll stay open for a bit and then just exit out in the middle of me doing something. Also it keeps freezing and won't let me scroll. Sometimes updates suck.
Its very helpful to us to communicate others
Fb
Superr
mehehehe
Its so good
Regularly
Okkk

Nice
Hooooo
Good
Awesome
no
Fix it! App becomes poor as time goes by.. o_O
Loved it
Boleh la
...but still needs work. Iphone version is still better and less clunky. Memory hog and runs in the background on your phone. Starts up again even when u shut it down in task manager. Bigtime privacy invader. Uninstalled.
Good
Cam
Absolute ahit
Jay gurudev
I'm just bookmarking it on my phone.. the app is pointless and complicated.
New update is Rubbish totally rubbish and big brother and made my browser more slow not faster as you said. I unistall it until you will fix it and respect my privacy! !!
Good
Aggiornamento. mi accingo a rimuovere app di facebook e il relativo non desiderato messenger. utilizzer¨° il browser.  Oltre 20 Mega per una app che non si pu¨° spostare nella memoria esterna? Esagerata.
It getting heavier
Good and frndly
Me And my friends xperia z phone has the same issue, while trying to watch a video on fb in crashes and says sorry unexpected error... It's not unexpected as I know it will happen every time. There's some sort of bug that needs fixing hope you see this and sort it out. Thanks
Asked me to install the messenger app. I dont want to because it will just be extra space on my phone. So I hated it because of this problem.
when I updated it my fb app don't work its slow as hell I unstalled it and now it will not install go back to the old app y fix something that is working
Its automatically deleted in my phone...
What the hell is wrong with fb whenever I play any video it stops with an error sometimes not but sometimes alot... What is wrong..
I love it
Lumayan lah
I dont want to use the messenger, i like the old one version
Precast factory director
Fix this fix, my newsfeed doesn't load now after this latest update.
Just use it
Mandeep sahu
Loved it 
Wht the......when.am.entre...in.this ..app.it jst showing app is not responding. ..then..my phone geting..to much time to use any app ..plz fix  it
Very poor design.
<3 facebook
I love facebook
After I install the update app wont open open
I'm just tired of the push notifications. Sure, I don't have to look, but I'm fed up with having to "stop notifications" for any post I comment on.
It won't download. It says insufficient space and I have nothing on my phone
Enjoy it
Id like to know why I had to agree to grant you access to read my messages meaning sms and mms?
Since update I can barely use the app. I can't see my news feed and I can't read any of the comments that people have put. This is the crappiest I have seen this and I have been a Facebook user since 2007 at least. Please fix this. This is the only way I stay in contact with some family.
Same here to help
Salanghabnida
Sony told me to update my phone. Now Facebook isn't compatible. Wtf is going on?????
I love this app
Fine
After last  update it takes a lot of time to open on samsug note 2 and often get struck for a min with a grey screen on display.
do t
Its awesome
m lovin it best way to share ur thoughts n now its available for my andriod n its updates r more better.  Sometimes suck but get a new update again.
Since the new update I can't even open the Facebook app. it opens and 5 seconds later... fix this please.
Exelent
I have installed and uninstalled this app half a dozen times. I open it, and cannot scroll up, or down, or comment.
I install facebook new version  I feel so happy bcoz its very fast I love thid
most incomplete apps
Updated
Superb
Haahaha its not good  bad bad bad
If you will pardon me for saying so, but your FB App SUCKS !!!
error + so slow
Sample 2 save pic
Nice app this useful for me and my friends... Try this!!
Get this thing fix
Nothing special about this app
Foolish work updator ..just fix it as soon as possible ..only showing setting up.   Fix it soon losers ..
When i click on any video to play, the app simply closes out
Simple and good
I love fb
Please make it lighter than this
Like it
Not downloading faster
I love this app
Krishnamurari570@gmal
no thanx
This d the is the cool app
It always freezing
Grate app
Aftr lst updatng its take so much time to work..
Great app
k
live wat we're young
Don't know what happened but now I can't open or watch videos or pictures. Haven't they every heard, "Don't fix what isn't broken"? smh
It is very easy to share our thoughts. It is easily understand to illiterates also.photos are download in seconds.very attractive and fabulous
Awrsome...
It's a great app I really like it.
Videos don't play, sound is always on full and notifications come through late
Fixed it until it was broken.  Good job dev team.  Maybe fix it some more until it works again.
Hi
Nice
I already knows Facebook I just greatl I love this app
Nice
i Love it ¥Ä Soo Muchh
Hv
It always says that video not supported...
Amazng app
Needs to work off of Wi-Fi and 4g
Good
Open
Awesome
Easy and fast app
Facebook
Its awesome
videos won't play after latest update.... pls fix it
Very nice app
Good app but some changes should  e make
but when i use this app i have been logged out automatically..
I like
After the update it freezes won't load my news feed fix this crap asap
Facebook your all phone
Nice
It first expereencee
Takes to long to bring up log in screen
Hussain12345
Gooooooood app
Its very awesome and quick not like the internet and it do not slow down
Its very intresting to use..
Great to share travels
I love Facebook app design
I love this social media...
It is what it says it is
Rajeshsah

New layout SUCKS!!!! I want most recent with out going through 30 screens each time! Not top stories!
Why the hell does it not play the whole video clip it plays like halfway and cuts off or doesn't play at all fix this!!! And I would like to share videos on a post instead of doing it on the laptop
Super nice I like it
Just had the application removed.  Why does it need to access my messages, camera or even audio?
Hangs alot
I loved it
Best
SaYa
Mau muat naik gambr ,selalu putus .
Saya suka..fb..
I love it
Wa
When i add friend sometime log out
Ok aa
I m so happy ta have facebook on my android phone
Dreem
Facebook
Connected
Love it
Good
Its not working to my cellphone its slow loading and super log.
Dont like installing extra apps just to read messages. Waste of time. Better off using browser based facebook via mobile devices.
Always turn out to be error when playing a video shared by friends..annoying..never happend with the previous version
Awesomr
After the update, it no longer loads and stuck in setting up Facebook. Too much permissions too. Can view and change everything. No more privacy. Now uninstalled in all our devices. Too bad!
Can't check messages, you need another app witch is stupid, messaging worked fine before without the other app.
I love this app its awesome its just the best app ever
I used this version for 2,3 months
Love it
Fb is ok except when I play videos says sorry error occurred what a load of crap dont know why I say anything nobody replys
No notification sounds for the last 3 months now, reported it to Android & Facebook & been ignored!!!
I regret ever updating this app.. the one before was slow and kept kicking me off.. this time it won't let me on.. gonna uninstall and try again.. I hate these updates they put out before they check for glitches..
Awesome App But So Much Space Nearly 100MB when Logged In. :-(
Haven't been able to watch videos since the last couple updates. I'm sick of that "error" pop-up appearing a few seconds after opening a video, please FIX IT.
Can't view video's since the last update on facebook.
No Comment! As far its fine for me.
Not working
Great application
Super fine
Make it More easy to use
good
I can't re-download it -,- I've been trying to do it the whole month -_-
Likeeeeeeeeee
Nice
Woww nice
I like it
Every time i try to watch a video its says there's a error on my Xperia. Please fix it
Love it
Super
Good HJack Ian Odell school oil cell vBulletin junkPaul's payoff Vinci defect Ian Val if zoo child fluid still cull Ziff oil leukemia
Sucks rocks
Good
Good
My videos won't play on Facebook anymore
Why does it say an unknown error occured while trying to play videos???
Facebook us the best app. in the world
Interesting
Good
For an older version..
Nice app
Best app
Very nice application
I love fb and all but it keeps crashing randomly and i can't play any videos:/ HELP! Then I'll rate it 5 stars!
Having serious problems with watching videos.other than that I've no problems. Fix that and the stars go up!
The videos always freeze and are unable to play on app. Fix it!
video log out
Facebook, stop sending me messages to download your messaging app. The more messages you send me about this, the less likely I am to download it.
Need many space in android
Excellent app.
It's fast and good need to make some improvements for auto update of news feed.
Love it
Gut
It crush need to repair
Love it
Beast
Just found out how intrusive the Facebook application is, apparently they have control over your mobile cameras, access to your contacts, phone numbers, accounts, pictures etc etc so I deleted my Facebook application altogether ... It's quite criminal what they've done!
Good app ...
This app still could run faster and allow a share button.
This apps  sucks. No video calls.and whenever i login it send me message that not responding wait leave or report wtf
Contact the world
Like
Swati
When i open it,it says SSLEhandshake...what was this mean? But we have a wifi and it has a strong signal...pls fix it...
AWWWW! ARIGATO for Making this App possible. It really helps me a lot. ^_^
Gets slower with every update, cannot be uninstalled, privacy issues, cannot permanently switch to Most Recent... Using on mobile browser now because it's faster!
The best
Good app......
Ab to jeene ka sahara hai....
But the pictures loaded are too big and when you can't zoom out then it's a problem
Awy
Browser
Great App For Socialising
0 stars if you ask me

Pinky prence
Lovely apps
Good
Komal
Love
I am impress
Kuwait
It crashes in my tablet and if I open again it doesn't open I can't chat with my friends
Excellent
Nice
asome app
The app wont reload the news feed and keps coming up with loading issue
Now it force closes every time I use it. Fix this asap.
No reason to split Facebook messages into a separate app.
I can find to f¨¹ck some girl on this app
Wonderful
Good
Niceee
Rubbish totally rubbish and big brother and made my browser more slow not faster as you said
and now the new update v15 is really useless. I can't upload any pic or prof pic. USELESS! unlike!
Karthi
Because of msenger cant access this
Nice
Its loads zero pictures and zero videos. Its called Facebook. Not textbook.
I love useing it
I love this aap
WELL . My phone has NO space cuz of this app . IT USED TO BE GREAT ..
Hi
The Facebook experience on Android devices is much better than on my old BlackBerry -I love it!
Did software update and now can't install Facebook at all
Alwayas havin a error .slow to dl
Apple
This app is too long to open and they need to install FB Messenger to chat. I think to fused again in one app. Such a waste of memory and space.
So try this now so
Kumar
Facebook is a part of my life... even so thankful I found my love of life here...
This app always crash on my sony xperia go :/ its so slow and always say application not responding
Fine
Bring the messaging feature back to the app. I refuse to download a separate app for this. About to disable my account if not changed.
Nice
the last update sucks!!
You need access to my camera and microphone...nope I don't think so! It's  finally time to delete my page. My privacy is more important than the drama on this site
Very  Good
If you use this make sure you have good security to keep a eye on it
Needs a new update! I lost the ability to see most pictures. Just blank boxes on the page!
Kng myhinahanap kang tao dto subokan m
please fixed my fb always loading
wow this is awesome''''''try it out''''my hommies hahah
Love the new app.
My Sony Xperia E1 cannot install facebook since my phone is updated to it's new android version KitKat 4.4.2
Loved it
Sangt baik la
nice facebook
Absolutely terrible! I refused to update for months now and suddenly it forced the update without my permission! Now it's dead, won't come up at all, black blank screen when clicking on the app. Reverting back again!
UFrom
Since the last update before this one on my app I have not been able to watch videos they start but then stop and tell me error. Going through my internet and going to facebook I can watch the videos if they fix it I will give it better review
#justworld
very usefull
Like f b
Maimou
Nice app
Can't upload pictures.
What the hell man?
27
HI FB USERS, THE PROBLEM WITH TOP STORIES IS NOT A PROBLEM, JUST GO FOR OPTION MORE ON THE RIGHT SIDE OF APP AND THE FIND IN THE LIST OPTION MOST RECENT AND CLICK THERE. IT WILL FIX YOU ISSUE. PLS RATE THIS COMMENT I WANNA BE A FB EMPLOYE IN BOSNIA.
Sheiz nithing faer
Once I press play on a video it will play for 2-3 seconds before the picture freezes but the audio continues.
Ye terbuka untuk semua.
Superb
I agree with dakota. Why in the world do you need all this access to my info? seriously, this is CREEPY. I want to know what is being done with it exactly.  Freaky as heck. I urge everyone to look over what they are handing over and giving access when download this app.
the apps being better after renew!
Lassssssh Application
This Facebook is now rubbish
Good
Awesome
Maybe.
Good times
Thanks. .....!!
So how long is "setting up Facebook".... supposed to take :(. Shouldn't have updated it.
Vv good
I hate this thing
Excellent
Nice
Keep up the good work guys :)
Why would I install messenger when I have Facebook app??
nice app.
Good
After I downloaded the app it made my phone freeze every time I opened it. It recently updated and now I am unable to watch any videos on the Facebook app. All I get is an error message. It also automatically downloaded the messenger app which I did not want. I am using this on the galaxy s2 with sprint, but not for much longer at the rate it is headed.
best
Orang ramai kata yang facebook ini nak ditutupkah dan mereka kata facebooknih israel saya bukan nak membantah tapi itu soal dari kalangan orang ramai jangan kata sayanih gila pula sekian terima kasih untuk soal tentang facebook.
Love it
Biasa
Excelent
Nice
Android OS takes around 25MB. Facebook app - around 30MB app itself, plus it takes another 40MB to store some data. I didn't set any special preferences, just logged in. What is there behind this 40MB? Cache? This stuff crashes performance of the whole device.
I updated my xperia e1 and now it says incompatable version. Fix it!
Stuck at install process
Since update, now either won't play videos on news feed because of "unknown error" (this has been a problem for a few months now...never used to be!) OR if you can get one to play, it stops half way through! Also since the newest update, whilst scrolling through the news feed it is very jumpy/laggy, this hasn't been like this before. I am running most recent software on Xperia Z and using WiFi with full signal so it's definitely not my phone or phone signal that is the problem!!
Video's keep crashing my phone
Jkk
Everytime i click on a video to watch it, two problems happen. An error message would popup and i would have to click the video atleast ten times for the video to actually load. Or then it will load up properly without an error message, and the video will play, but it will stop at after about 5 seconds. There i still a few minutes left of the video and then it just freezes, so all i can do is back out from the video and continue my news feed. Change the messaging back to the official app too!
Good
When I use the older version so its so fast but now it didn't work ...
Nice
More changes but more problem giving this updating application.
Not good
Oh ilove this application as in!
Every time I update Facebook it tooks a lot of memory in my internal storage please fix this problem...
Waynoon
It is not waorking.
Not good are bad
Nice
Instead of freezing for a bit after watching a video, now I can't open videos at all.
menyertai
angkatan
I really don't like this application, before, Facebook was good, but when the world changes, the Facebook also changed. As the world changes and I will also change...
New messenger for facebook SUCKS
Updated my Sony e1 it's removed Facebook and won't let it reinstall say incompatible update. Sort it out please
Pen is mightier than sword in past.but now the facebook is stronger than all.
Samsung note 3
Good
Ismail
Osm app
Was great but Facebook changed for the worse. Will NOT let me do what I want it to do. Looking for something else.
Nice app to meet our school mates and others
Watching carefully as to what you are doing from here forward
:)
No problem :-)
It uses your camera without you knowing, also records what you say. I hate it now awful app
Best n nic
Sssss
Make Facebook lighter please it is very heavy and that does make it go slow. I had to delate it because it was taking up far too much  space i had no memory left so that i delate it because the facebook app is far too big you need improve that.
so good
3g pe achcho chale
Nice
Soo good
Whenever I open my Msg inbox it says install the Fb msnger. WHY WOULD I INSTALL THE SAME APP? FIX PLS
nt gud but k
Totaly perfect
increase the profile pic size
Verry verry good app

John Hajjie
Suresh
Very good medium of social contacts.
Nice
Baik
narnendergaur
V.good

Generally nice app but sometimes update is difficult
Ilike
Facebook misusing our information that's not fair with our people and some very harmful survey's on human mind is also disgusting bye facebook it is not good zuck you must think about the humans we are friends not enemy's facebook.
good sana Facebook inanisaidia sana free
Everytime Im logging in it says An unknown error occurred how is that!!
Great app thank u
v.good.
Bolah dapat ramai kenal lan
Facebook
So funny
Fun musty
Whenever I watch videos on facebook, part way through it pops up with an "unknown error has occurred please try again later" error. I uninstalled the app, and reinstalled it, but that fixed nothing. I'm starting to get annoyed by having to scrub through the same video 3 Times in 2 minutes.
A89
plzzz correct it ....the app is not downloading its showing error sooo plzzz correct it as possible as ewww can
save's me money and big help to reach and have communicate with ny friends and family.
Its great.
Nice apps
Won't even let me download it like wtf??
Supar
Amazing
Yaaa
not123456
Its nice
nice app
I like it
NYC app!!
Hated it! 
Very nice
Haven't been able to watch a whole video for ages!  Be uninstalling soon I think!
Why my fb not open
Fantastic!!!!!!!!
It sucks...
Good app (Y)
Nice
Facebook used to be epic and a fun way to kill time and connect with old friends that aren't with you any more but I can't message on this app and I Don't like how messanger has access to every single thing on your smartphone!!!
My android tablet did this update automatically and ever since Facebook has been inaccessible to me. When trying to open the app it just sits there claiming it is "setting up Facebook". Terrible update for any Android users....do not update!
After the last update this application is not open on my LG optimus phone.
Your in app video player is terrible never plays full video and has done ever since it was launched.
Can't play video, when I try to play video app gets closed automatically
its good oly
Adriaan Viljoen
Very poor. Not at al working properly.
Albert racuya
It says "setting up Facebook" and doesn't load!!!
After a phone update it will no longer allow me to download and install the app!! Please help!!
Reach
I have no words ..but i would say its amazing...
Why need to separate messaging????everything today is intergrated..so stupid......
Because
I dont like facebook messenger
Love Facebook
G
What happened to this app??? Force close everytime I open it... Uninstalling it now!
An android app not compatible with updated android....  Well done
Insecure
Good app...
Why is it so slow?
Dhumal
Shity as hell. Why are you stalking people.  We like our privacy
It take too much time in sign in
When i log in this app is so slow ..i what the 2update facebook
I like it
Awsome

Ok it's acting up again just like before. It was working good for awhile now it's not. So annoying!! I asked y'all for help but no response at all!! Any advice?
A cool app!
Loved it
Useful
Ok
love it
I like it
facebook
Since the last automatic update, this app will no longer load on my phone :-(
Loading lock on 38percent
One of the best fb app.
When people private message me I hear no alerts. Sam when they mention me sometimes.
da best
Verry funny
Facebook
excellent
It's ok
Awesome
Why do we have to download another app (messenger) just to read our messeges. It takes up space in my phone.
Nice super
Galaxy tab 2
Goood i like it
Great app
Very beautiful apps
If you could give an option to set a photo as wallpaper/contact icon from within the app, as in those older versions. It would be great if you update this.
Opens but keeps freezing please fix this shite update
Very good app.lot of contacts and information...
Best working.very fast results.
Awsme
Good game
S5
Videos are not loading properly and it has been like that for quite a long time now. It's really annoying.
cool
Facebook
Nice
Lalurem
Just use your browser folks, the permissions both this App and Messenger use are disgraceful. Worse than the NSA
Kavitha
Thinking about to uninstall it as it won't let me chat with my friends unless I install Facebook messanger which I don't want in my device...
Carry on
Ok.
Sonali
To much busy body
Every since I updated my Facebook app, it won't let me watch videos. It keep saying error
Wow!!!nice app
Nice.
Menon
Keeps me talking girls.
I don't like how it show my msg on the front of my phone! I like my privacy!!
Why its taking very long time to download my mobile. I think that installing process taking very long time. But that application is very useful. I got my all friends up to my childhood also except few members. Very very Entertaining.. Rock it.
So slow
Why cant i use chat option in this app...why it is mandatory to download your messenger app...i dont use chat a lot so why i should waste my space on this useless app...if i require i will download it..u shouldn't make it mandatory... U cant force us...
Nice good
mobile
Very NYC
I think this is about the best app. we've ever had. I appreciate the fact Facebook Team are taking so intense involvement to keep our privacy and identity safe. I share this opinion with other Facebook members.Thank You
My phone
I like viber
keep crashing after last update..please fix this ASAP
The loading process is too long and take too much time to set up

Iphone app is much smoother , this app sucks. Also newsfeed is so annoying same feeds everyday :-@
123456789
Nyc usefull
I do not like the way the messenger app consumes a lot of space whenever it is opened :/
Working. But it takes much memory makes my mobile slow:(
For the most part its a well functioning app, only rarely things don't work. Today, links which friends have shared don't lead to anything.. which is incredibly annoying. I also wasn't impressed with the messages function being separated to another app. And the amount of permissions required for download is pretty terrifying - most of them aren't needed anyway!!
Like it
Easy modern smooth and sometimes fast I love it
Eat my shorts
Supper
for. android. its.    really. cool
Good
Don't know why you removed the in-app browser, it really helped hold my place in my news feed while following links.
after update latest version that not smooth & lack & i'm bored
Tuyej. Fcg
Retail about all facolities
Nice
Selvam.   Rajan
Good

The
My phone updated and for some reason deleted the app now all I get is incomplete update message when I try to re install
+1
Unknown error while playing videos..not good.
Faniit
i mean wow.!!!! dis app is just awesome..!! love it ..!! keep going>>!!  :-)
I hate it
Best app
It is never lagging (:
Pak
It is 2 good
The memory is to big
Kaoni
Pooja  mavani
FACEBOOK
I just dont like when it automatically go to top while i'm scrolling down
I cant open the app.it say's "facebook setting up" then closes...pls fix the bug
Excellent
Wow
Perfect but consume lot of data.
On my s4 I can browse for maybe 5 minutes and then it freezes and why does fb need all these permissions and why do we need a separate app for messemger that os asking for more permissions? I might just get rid of both and uae my browser. Why do they feel they need to change things?  It was working fine before
Hai
It's super!
Updated my E1 and it has deleted my facebook app and now it wont let me reinstall it, says incompatible update. Help what can i do?
It's great
Samsung Galaxy Y
Its Really Getting Me Mad Everytime I Scroll Fast A Video It Freezes Fix This Now'!
Totally awesome
Awesome
Why do you need so much information?
more money to -------------------
Lags and crashes :(((((
Mannat
Maylad
Great!
It is easy ..also bst
Slow Nusmber One This Version....
Very good
Nice app
its take some minutes in log in process..work  on in please...
Ultimate
Very Nice
Poor version....u have to fix all bugs app who appear everytime i check and leaving my fb acct, and also ur fb messenger is sucks...fuckerberg!
Maani
Loved it
l like it
good

Loved it
I love facebooooook
Great
Hate it....play videos problem
Nice
If you could just "update" it so we're not forced to download messenger, that'd be great. Pretty annoying using a browser to read my messages. Then the notification is always there. And I'm NOT getting the messenger app. It's AWFUL.
Italiy
It lags aloot, and when i log in it keeps loading for like 15minutes
Works verry good but hangs more.
really great to used
As the most recent posts are somewhere else than on the top of the list
I regret downloading dis app rubbish....
Forcing to use messenger
Fantastic
Easy to communicate friends i love it
Hi
Gud
Osm app
Too slow.
Nice
Face book apps was clear bicture and ex......
Its too good I just love it
When ever I logout it opens again
I love it
good
Ok
It freezes out of nowhere and the only thing I can do to fix it is restart my phone. This has been going on fot about 2 months. I have replaced my phone so its not the phone. I use my phone for my business so you can assume how annoying this is. And unprofessional. Fix it for 5 stars.
Hart hekar
Loved  itttttt
"Turning Notifications on/off" isn't working when you try to do it from the notification list .. you have to find the post in your News Feed in order to turn the notifications on/off for that post! Which is basically rendering this feature useless ! please fix asap , thanx in advance !! This is probably the 11th or 12th time I reported this bug ! Yet no response
Best regards
Good
I love fb
so good
Occupies a lot of space! I am not dat happy!:(
very nice aPP
Very good
Working
cant log in
Dont force me to download the messenger! Pleasssseeee!
Very easy
Good
Sweets.
Best update ever! Opening url within Facebook app!!!! Just awesome. 

Abt 85mb used by FB. Unnecessary consumption of RAM and phone memory. Cannot move to SD card. Cannot install other apps due to the space occupied by dis app.
Yeah
Some more privacy options is needed.
Yes I like it
Very good app for android phones
Good app
Luv u
I have to say I spend my whole life on facebook
Vere god
nice apps
Love it
kayo nag rereklamo kau..Eh parepareho nyo lang ginagamit ang FB nakakapag FB paren.namn kau ah
Fast but sometimes I find it difficult to download videos and pictures
Good
Unsupported
I am unable to post links on Facebook from browser or app like youtube. have this fixed or I am uninstalling the app for good
good bt very slow
The app kept freezing and made my phone really slow
It takes to.long. to load and always nevr whats to update news feed
This app is amazing but having slow opening.whenever I open a pages it takes to much time.
I love it
I hate this application...
Good
The login screen appears to be fine but when you sign in it asks you about your calendar and your gallery, but when you press cancel it automatically logs you out again...please fix this issue please thanks
Won't let me update. Keep getting error/insuficiant storage space. Which is complete bulls%$# cuz I have plenty of available space
Can't see my photos, keeps telling me Facebook needs to force close. Please fix this problem!
Wwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwooooooooooooooooooooooooiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
deleted
Okkkk
When i touch the incoming post image  being opened but in very low quality so you can not see it clearly. Second even you try to save image no save notification nor you can find it in any folder.
It gets the job done.
I can't even play videos
Jagdish singh
Require to much information to run
I love
Wouldn't download
Please fix the videos.. I can only watch maybe one third of a video then it will stop and says error. error all the time
Helpful
nice I love it
Nsr
Goog
Needs to stop
Cant reply -_-
Fantastic app
It says all of the post in my feeds and some of my nessages posted & send "Just now"  .
I like it
Love
Niceeee

When I click on most recent (which should be the default setting by the way) it gives me maybe five or six new posts then jumps back to posts from a day or two earlier.
Recent update it a small improvement over past versions, but not enough to warrant more than 2 stars.  Still force closes, still asks for permission to access phone in uncomfortable ways, and has me wondering if it is worth it or not.  At least messenger isn't required now.  Also, if you have issues with memory consumption with updates, just uninstall and install earlier version.

Ok
I would give a higher rating if I could figure out why it keeps telling me that Facebook is not responding needs to close. It's happening a lot lately. Is it me or does Facebook needs to fix things after this is fixed I'll rate higher. I love Facebook but can't have any fun if it keeps shutting down
How i can download a video from fb????
God
The best.
Since the recent update I cannot open a link. It takes me to a blank screen. I have to tap the three dots on the upper right corner and open in the internet. I don't think it is supposed to work like that. Its annoying!             Great now I cannot upload pix in the comment section. Why are u updating things that are not broken, only to break them in the update?!? Seriously considering just uninstalling for good.
Allah is one
Wow
Invasion of privacy polic
Super
If I could just give a rating of 0.
Excelente
One why the need for a separate app for messaging when it was already integrated in the regular app just fine! 2) Why the need for all the privacy permissions! 3) Why aren't yall showing us everything people on our friends list are posting 4) I didn't have to say all this if I'm just going to uninstall it but I thought I should fore warn who are looking for feedback before installing it
sooooooo goooooood
It's cool
XOXO
Voov great
Requires excessive permissions
I love it.
Good
I can't understand why the app  would need access to my SMS messages or other personal information from my phone.... Scary!
FB app disappeared off my phone n I can't get it back! Now I have to go on google to go on my FB page,very annoying
Terrible move to external messenger app.
Its better go back to old FB messages where you can see messages in d same application.  Updates must asked the user first..
Nice
Nice 'zing
Nice
Madhwa
I  never have a problem with it till he vidoes stoped playing
Getting better
Pravin chaudhari
K's d Jo
Manaog
The best
459
I love it
Fix it plss.
sorry this app suck ! its take an hour to reload sa facebook ! oh come on ! please fixx it . i hate it
For no apparent reason, newsfeed are unable to update. No problem with the internet connection and definitely no problem with the device. Therefore, it is the app.
N
Its always getting not responding please fix it with next update kindly requesting from ur team thank u
It is a good app but its are too big. Its updates are of 22 MBs. Please reduce it. Bring updates of max.10 MBs
Good
awsome

Floja. Lenta y le falta para ser lo q es Google plus
4th time I've tried the app and 4th uninstall. Updated 06/20/13- App still sucks don't waste your time. Eats a lot of memory even when not in use. Still sucks another uninstall. Way too many permissions required for install. Not secure. Runs all the time. Update: 12/19/2013, Still a bad no terrible app. Why does it say 16 MB download but jumps to over 40 on my phone. Don't waste your time mobile version actually works good. Wish I could post negative stars. This piece of junk doesn't even deserve 1 star!!!
All over user's like Facebook
Face Book
This Facebook app is getting bigger and bigger everytime it updates... Its taking a lot of spaces in my phone memory... Now i can't put all my other apps on my phone...
Why do we need to install  messenger apps for the benefit of chatting. Tss. 
Nice
Make easy to find our old friend
Why are you trying to make me get this messager app when I upgraded the Facebook it takes up more space on my phone  Plus my page keeps dropping cuz of what
This app and website used to be cool amd whatever, but now it blows. All the information it needs.. I feel stalked lol. Meh its whatever. Yall can watch me poop. Or pick my nose. Lol.
This sucks
No pudeser? Que siempre Pasa lomismo?,,,Quepasa Porque Tanta violencia Google con un muchacho pobre? Inosente it,s OK? Cuando un Rico abla de am ores pero un pobre help
Keeping up with family & friends
Fb made easy
I masturbate to.this
i would give u 5 star if u stop forcing me to install messenger, what a stupid app is messenger we have the ryt to ignore it but i am force to install it cause if not i cant read and send message
We have to download the messenger app now in order to even write to people now? RIDICULOUS!!! As if THIS app weren't big enough already?!
Its easy & good.but not so good as I expect.so,4 star
Good
App is great but none of the videos will play.
Getting faster and faster. Best messaging facility so far.
Plzzz download the app
Really very useful and easy to use app.
Bring back the older version!
No privacy whatsoever
my divis
Searching for a missed friend is easy with fb
Uses too much Ram and Space
Not bad
Hiii
Its a great way to keep up with friends and family all over the globe from this little cell phone. The app is awesome!
Wow
the app can read your text messages without your permission and also take pictures without your confirmation. ...
I love this app
Privacy
Super
Facebook sucks!! Delete this app!!!
WE DON'T WANT THE MESSENGER BULL S***
Seriously...why would u wanna install this app....when u can do it with the browser with same display and almost everything....and crazzyyyy enough to know everything privacy.....is it stalking app..... ???
Please help
Useless app
Y do you need to go through my phone!!!
Great but Laggy
Please bring the old one back
Every update keeps screwing the good parts
It is nice
Awesome
good
Great
AWESOME APPLICATION
New update sucks! cant open facebook on my asus... please fix this now!! 
Why would you make the messenger app mandatory. What was wrong with it before? Stupid.
Good.its  useful.
But do something to copy comment or status
Go to Settings > Application Manager > click Facebook App. Scroll down and you will see Permissions. There, Facebook can see or hear WITHOUT YOUR PERMISSION. They can access you phone camera and mic without us knowing. Invading privacy. SAME THING on Facebook Messenger App.
No longer loads my news feed, slooooooow going, absolutely terrible! Won't even load pictures. Verizon Motorola RAZR HD
Its good but some time its open very slow take time  to open own profile....
this facebook is brilliant....
It is good
Lame fun
I like sme wht
I still can't play my videos using my Sony Xperia Z Ultra
Thanks
Dont install it!! It suck up every time you use it!! It takes forever before it start!
Cant check my mail or talk to my friend thru this app. Wtf seriously, gotta get a new app for that? Nope, smd.
Good
I can't play any videos, I'd rather see my most recent news feed. It use to be an option but not anymore.
Job
Very goooood app
Yadav
I love this
This is the most fastest and easiest facebook, you can post even if you are offline. :) -Jhena.
Good aaps
Its good
So much..i want to use thin every dya..but sometimes it is log

Sometimes it crashes and suddenly stops working. ..
I love you
Certainly stuck n not responding
Excellent
Cool app
Ever since the new upgrade of the app, fb does not even work anymore. It keeps saying its setting up and then freezes.
It kills my battery In like 30 min and its annoying bring the old fb back !
Doesn't let me install. Gives me an error code "-24"  please fix.
Exactly what I need
If you mail them, they will not answer, they think that there app is popular so they donot have to answer anybody
good n most usefull application
B
What the point of making messenger mandatory
There is a memory problm in my phone during use of this app i cannt use another app plz fix this problm & on msnger there is no option fo logging out .
A
This app blows. The developers had no reason to get rid of messaging. The app is completely bloated and full of privacy - invading, unnecessary requests and useless features.
I love this app.
Minor fixes needs some work and its cosume much amount of ram.
Facebook is not responding, videos won't play without it saying error playing video! Fix this issue ,also take away messenger it sucks!
I don't get why Facebook needs access to my microphone and camera . I installed messenger and then went to delete it immediately . When I went to download facebook again and saw all the permissions they was asking for.... I thought that was ridiculous. So now I have fully uninstalled Facebook and facebook Messenger. If I use facebook on my phone I will now use my web browser. Honestly, I think it works better than the app anyway.
Very good to have some things more.
Fb message gone
Awesome apps.
Like it
Nice.......
Why would you guys ask for all this information. DO NOT INSTALL DANGEROUS BEWARE
How come I cannot view fb notifications on my lock screen?
Jjiji
Please dont be told download facebook messager!
Marvellous
Nice app
Good
Best evar
Best application in the playstore
Very nice
Good app but try to add more features as on pc version.
Really loving the trasnsformed facebook.Thanks guys for making facebook like this.good work,one xtra star * For ur hard work.keep up the good work team.
Worst app
Projek usahasama semua koperasi
Love Facebook!!!!
New permissions are scary
Lol
Had a hardtime getten in
Tablet version?
IM only 10and I have a Facebook so get it a
Even after the latest update, it keeps saying "Facebook has stopped working" ALL the time smh and why do we HAVE to have our messages through another app...thats ridiculous! Why so many updates when none of them work!? please fix
Shity
I truly enjoy facebook but they are going to far and I am going to have to say goodbye or at least just the app on my phone, I am not the kinda person that's okay to have my whole life to be put out for "sale"
Facebook is a great place
Cool ...
I have been using dis app for very looooooong tym and it's very gud so u try it
Petlosik
Better app.
¡ñ21/8/14 CRAP APP....still logs me out 20 times a day...but have no choice but to use it..   ¡ñ5/8/14 FOR CRYING OUT LOUD FACEBOOK READ ALL THE F*****G BAD REVIEWS.....CAN YOU HEAR ANY OF US????? NO POINT ASKING FOR THE COMMENTS IF YOU IGNORE THEM ....¡ñ31/7/14 Worst app ever..always logging me out..i would give NO stars if i cud!!!! ¡ñ23/7/14...What is wrong with FB..keeps moving me from my viewing to the f****ng feed page...FIX IT...                         ¡ñ25/6/14 The new look awful. Keeps saying FB has stopped...so uninstalled yet again omg what a farce. Also is Anyone else having this problem??...started doing it 9th June, after update. Click the "photos' box, screen orientation changes from panoramic to portrait...have to turn tablet round to choose photo for viewing. Have uninstalled...no difference. Very inconvenient so 1 star only. TERRIBLE.
Imran
Nice
Great app
I like face book.
I Been A Fbooker For SoLong
Exlent
fb
Just login and there's your Facebook profile! :-)
nice
Love it
I love having it so handy and easy to use.
app! Crazy permissions! Any more  and I'm out! They will also delete your post with no explanation or warning. Facebook's driving its own agenda
Terrible! Go back to the one app please!!
It's just okay
Facebook is kind of getting old trying to be new all of the time
Asks for permission that are not necessary, says 23 MB but after login it reaches (100MB+ ) Can't even move to DS card, I'm sure to leave fb if all they want to SPY me
Good app. Great improvements
i updated this app and it is working too much slow always give the sign facebook not responding and hangs up the mobile......i love this aap very much but this time i hate it very much.....its too..too much slow..... plz solve this problem
sucks
The latest update has made it worse. Now I can't see any pics or videos I just get the loading circle of nothing. If it ask for one more permission I'm completely deleting my profile they are being way to invasive.
I cant even download it even if i have enough storage...why is it facebook you have many problems at this year??...Ohh by the way  facebook you have many money ... so why wont you fix?? You want more money?? .. f*** 
Making us install the messenger app is not right. It takes up too much space, freezes, and is a giant pain. Please make this an option again and not a necessity.
Not bad.
For safe browsing
Good the best
Too lag.
Love it
Everytime i play a video, it plays for 7 seconds!! After how many years? Fix it! All the bugs & the minor stuff mess it all up!
Excellent
App now just force closes most times and the occasional time it does open nothing works.  Please fix as it appears it's not just me.
Janelle
So far so good i only have one problem... i want to share my own photo's like in a status or so and i am not able to do so.
Why i gotta download a app to get my messages 
Since the latest update the messenger lags and freezes.
To invasive into personal information.
Loved it
I'm uncomfortable with all the permissions this app has... access to my confidential information? Why does Facebook need access to my text messages or photos that I don't upload to Facebook?
Samsung gs5
Hate this app only coz u removed chats from this app... Now i need to install another app just to see messages....Another app in background hogging my RAM diminishing my daily battery life
Nice new update
Verry verryyyyyy nice app
It keeps kickin' me out and I don't really like havin' to download the Facebook messenger app
Try to open Facebook. Crash. Repeat. Crash. Repeat. Crash. Finally get in. Scroll. Crash. Repeat. Try to like, comment, or share. Crash, crash, crash. Get on Facebook. Someone sends me a message on FB Messenger. Crash. Crash, crash, crash, crash, crash. Go to MySpace in frustration.
Excellent
Makes me wonder if you are in cahoots with certain government agencies Mr. Zuckerburg.....it would certainly pad many pockets, including yours!
........MlUlfA
Great app!
Very good
Sayin incompatable with kitkat update. Sony experia e1
I hate how you have to get a complete different app for messenger.
Cool
Not a fan of having to use 2 different apps
I love to communicate with friends
I use it every second of the day and i love it...i honestly dont know what i would do without it
Good
App gets better, but now the nearby events section is gone!
Its the best!
I hate that Stalkerbook needs so much info. ...and I need it at all.
Big brother
But running this app from my phone is too slow
When i open the app itself, it gets stuck on the log in page.. kept saying connection time  out but i can view fb in my regular browser.. already uninstalled and reinstalled it but still the same.. please fix this..
Just lovable
It is better to have sym for unlike botton....

fabulous.dazzling.perfect.
Next thing u know these motha fuckas gonna make a find me app???
'Robert mcclarin
High ram usage -_-
Great
All the videos on Facebook will not play.
I can't watch videos
Love it
What's the point of a social media app where you can't communicate sufficiently with the people you like, unless you download ANOTHER app???...that requires WAY too many permissions!?!?!
Good
Works fine on my phone but my tablet it will only let me on for 5 seconds., them it will close. Don't like the message app its stupid why use that when i can text
Looks like Google plus.
ok
Can't watch videos anyone else having this problem on android
Menyukai ini
Batter than a computer.  I love.
Slow. Slow. Slow
Stop spying on people. You suck.
New look nice....thnks
Aditgio
Good app, just don't like the way friends and pages go missing from my newsfeed.
Keeps saying setting up Facebook very annoying....
So slow
Again, most recent update is freezing my fb app
this is very good social side for chat any body
Every time I read inbox it would offer to add an app. I could not see my inbox unless I accessed from ipad, so I uninstalled then reinstalled. oh boy, y did I do that? I continuously get "something went wrong" and " error loading.." I'm about to uninstall for good.
Nice
Nice
I love it
Ok
It soon much slower on my Samsung compared to apple products!! I don't understand
Please fix !!!
Video get all blurry when uploaded .... very desapointed ... and I want the recent feed back . I don't wanna see post from a week ago ....
When FB first started it was fun. Now do to corporate needs it has become a chore and it's worse than TV as far as the ads are concerned.
I don't know what's happening but it stinks, bring back the refresh option, bring back most recent stories not whatever u want us to see and most of all what's up with pics, you used to be able to move them from mobile uploads and put them into personal albums that we're created so we could have rhyme nd reason and not just hundreds of random pics, I like organization and for my fb friends to be able to choose which album may interest them now when u move the pic it deletes it off your wall...Sux
Amol derle
I'm not downloading another app just for messages! Let me view my messages without downloading that other app or I'll Uninstall Facebook! I'm getting so sick of not being able to see my messages because you want me to download another stupied app!!
Its annoying to switch to the messenger. Remove it and don't ask for too many permissions.. Its an order :D and I can't open groups... No notifications too... Fix it boy..
:)
Very good
Deleted fb an now this is all I got like the basic fb better this sucks
Lovely
Why do u need access to all these things on my phone?  Stalk me much?
No notification!
Facebook
Always freezing and shutting down.
PERFECT!"!!!! No hunger pangs
Oi
Just way too many permissions, don't like how the permissions are not straight up anymore on top of that. Also requires me to download messenger separately instead of letting me access the dam thing. So um yeah I find myself missing myspace, back when times were simpler.
Don't understand why it needs to access my microphone and Camera.... plus other stuff.
This app really sucks now. It's gotten so slow since updating. I'm uninstalling it and not even bothering with it anymore.
It is still kinda slow and there is no need for all the permissions
I'm tired of my personal info becoming "necessary" to use a stupid app...
NOTHING TO SAY .
This app is so good and nice working
I am NOT happy at all about the amount of permissions required to use this app.  You don't need to see everything on my phone.  Also, since downloading the update it is sucking my battery dry.  Don't d/l this update!
Facebook Connecting people
Like
Auto updated and now keeps stopping and shutting down. Most annoying thing ever!!
If it starts becoming too inconvenient (all this stuff) then I will simply stop using this app.
Takes to long to load but besides that I like it.
HORRIBLE of FB to take these permissiins
I love Facebook...
Wont let me see videos  >_<    still messing with the videos!!!  cant see them!!  >_<
It's good
HEYYYYYYYYY???  I'm so mad!!!!! Like are u serious  WHY WON'T VIDEOS  PLAY?????
Whenever I try to watch videos it almost always says that there was a problem and it cannot play the video. Also it always says that Facebook is not responding would I like to close it or wait. Very annoying didn't happen until recently.
My News Feed were in "time order" now its all over 'last week, 37 hours ago etc
Pyaar aur ishqui
The permissions behind the app is too much. Violates personal privacy.
love it
Good apps
yeah!
The updates makes no difference. The app keeps on crashing and takes forever to load. Also it takes up so much space. I think I will uninstall. Smh.:(
I hate that you have to install messenger , uninstalling I suggest you do the same , Noone should invade your privacy!
So annoying . it always says on my tab , Facebook isn't responding do I want to close it ? Can't read my messages ,,
Google play will not let me download facebook it says unknown error -24 idk what it means but it sucks soo until in able to download fb again I give it 2 stars
Good
Uninstalling due to crashing and stalling other apps constantly.   Will use FB through browser instead.
Why tf do I have to have messenger to message my family & friends, its bullshit!!!!!
Perfomance sederhana
Nice
Awsmmmmm
I think Facebook is REQUIRING too much personal information. I'm beginning to think it's not worth it
three words I LOVE IT
I'm horney
good
Facebook is gay
nice
Forcing all users to download ur messaging app by removing messaging feature from main app is lame..
The app is a bit laggy sometimes, but it helps me to upload my photos hassle free........nd this app lets me tag someone so easily..
Fj
Takes forever to load and constantly exits out of my comment box so I have to retype it all over.
I don't want to install the goddammit facebook messenger... Please fix this...
Still Many charge used kouta the Internet
It always gives u old stories 
Why won't it play videos?? It was fine before the update.....
Ugh!
Since the new update this sucks!! Not to even mention forcing us to download the messenger app? Not this girl, what was wrong with the way it was before? We had everything in one app now there's two that's involved? You guys are idiots. Will probably be uninstalling soon. Period.
Why the need?
Cool
Seriously just glitches out n crashed my note 3!  Also the permissions required by fb are an invasion of privacy!
Can't live without it
Please give us back the old facebook. The facebook apps now is so lame and ugly i dont like to have seperate messenger. Fix this!
Won't play any videos on my phone please fix!!!!
Fine
Ooohooo
Nice one
Wast of fb
Keeps getting worse and worse user experience with each release
Why is it that you feel the need to have 2 separate apps for one platform? Riddle me that.
Very nice
its been the most problem free socail media iv been on
Wonderful to use. They just need to calm down with the updates. As soon as I learn one layout they change it
I done one lowsy update. I haven't been able to view any videos on my page since. Disappointed......
I give one star because sometimes i bodred
Facebook.
Up grade
TOO GOOD...
This version wont let me play any of my videos..i no longer want to get on facebook anymore...
Good
Gud
Take off the messenger its irrating ;/ It makes my phone Slow
Every time when i open a video on my wall it automatically exist......
HAD to install it, worked the first time I used it, now it keeps crashing and it won't let me see my da*n messages. GET RID OF IT!
Stop asking for info
Last update just crashed my fb app. It won't go past the "setting up account" screen.
Good chat
Bb
Love it
Yeah!
:)
It is too good..!! I wish there is some more stars to which i gave to facebook soft...!!
Nice
Messenger is unnecessary, whats the point of the Facebook app
Fine Download
Ok
But it could be my phone.
Everything was ok besides occasionally force shutting down on its own but now videos won't play more than 30 seconds for 1 minute or longer videos
Acctualy fb are fun, but it became worst and suck after the new update. And the question is why we need another app to hve normal personal message? Lastly is i have to hold on the screen to avoid pop up of the latest post, when i'm on read it? Please.... Please... And please... Fix it...
Lg update lg lembab..
Its too slow to many pop outs pls fix
Go back to basics people. I look@ and bought more from sites when I wasn't bombarded with suggestions. Also I would like to ohhhh ummm my friends and families post first and foremost.
Poor application...
Uninstalled, I'll stick with using the browser where I have more control. Gutenberg....you're getting as greedy as a politician!
It is a necessary good. No longer a luxury item everyone needs it
This app takes up 64mb of my phone memory and having to be forced to have messenger to which takes up 27mb thats nearly 100mb just to go on facebook. I may hsve to de-activate my account and get rid. Facebook are illuminati and want to much personal info ...
Easy way to get updated with fb
Can see the improvement made by Facebook Android Team. Thumbs up for them. It will be more convenience for the users if able switch the type of the posts that shows on News Feed tab. I have to go to More tab to check Most Recent posts.
Awesome to to put image comments ..... With funny
Don't like the messenger app, uninstalled it. It "deleted" all the pictures I saved from Facebook. Most of all pictures of my brother right before he died. I have a friend who says my timeline shows up blank and can't get any of my posts. Also it "freezes" up all the time. Please fix my Facebook. A lot of people are complaining. Mad because I can't read any messages without that darn messenger app. Not happy with Facebook.
Download
Ta travando pra caramba
love
.;)
Its buggy, won't let you post half the time, lags out, annoying to navigate especially because of previously stated issues. of course after the update half of the app doesn't work
Takes up way to much storage on phone
Fail
I love the new look but i dont like that the newsfeed is only on top stories i liked using most recent for newsfeed u lose a star for that
Nice app
The Best Social Media Website
Terbaik
Wants too much access
No point in installing a new app just to chat. In such case your app is just not advanced enuf!!!!
The more update, the slower it is. Regressed.
Super ok
More friends
Facebook is a good way for people to see what there friends are doing ... Or talk to there friends
I don't like the fact that I have to download a completely different app. To receive messages. You need to change it back asap or I'm unstalling this stupid fb app.
Why do Facebook collect my information?
Bad not fast Facebook old faste Facebook near
Sweetmomma
Never seen app like this.. I shocked.
Best
Always get error 24... This is the only app that does this. Garbage.
I sure wish I could still message.
Inbuilt browser is great
Its asks for way to much to download like the old version better please fix. Otherwise its OK
Hate the new style, lots if performance lag and it's lost private message. FB now wants to install another app to message people and it's too privacy invasive. Just bring old school back!
I had to uninstall multiple times before it freezes when I upload a video. Facebook, you are becoming very disappointing.
Works very clean love it
so slow and always hanging.
Too invasive. All these permissions are ridiculous.
FINALLY A DECENT FB APP
Instead of loading app. I'm on Galaxy light.
Thiz app is awsome u should try it
FANTASTIC. Im very impressed!!
It's just Awesome
A very great website easy to communicate
Kawaii
like it
Good
Facebook website just updated to where you can put your mood and stuff on your status can you make the app do the same thing?
I think the new update is really gud but jst 1 regret that there is no option to reply to other cmnts....thats y I rated it 4 stars ****
Ever since the new update, I am unable to view any videos.  Please fix!!!
Quit invading people's privacy.
I don't see any reason why we should have to install another app just for our messages. My phone has since become so slow and the app freezes. I am very displeased and will be removing the apps and use the web.
(y)
Face book has become way to invasive. And the messenger app should be outlawed.
Apesta / stinks
Se cuelga...

Facebook is requiring too much information now. Aint nobody got time for that
I don't want to download the mssenger hate this new update
Wahengbam
Arafat hossen new york city
i love fb..
Awesome
Waste of resources
Stupid last update
Good app
Update sucks
Facebook doesn't need most of the things you require. Seems like a privacy thing to me. Very unsatisfied.
Agree with many others here.  Why take 2 programs when 1 worked fine.
After last update videos will not play. WTH ??
Perfecto
I hate the new features and keeps freezing up... Facebook needs to go back to the old more secure features!!
This is to much. .. takeing in pi*s . Bring back old Facebook. Went your not getting watch or listen to ....... do not download
I refuse to download the messaging app. I hate that i have to click 4 times to locate the most recent. I hate that i cant turn off the annoying game invites!! This blows 
Dont appreciate you snooping through my phone..think I'll be removing this app if they dont change it
FACEBOOK IS ANTI-LGBTQ+ AND THEY ARE MAKING YOU DOWNLOAD THESE APPS SO THEY CAN GET INTO YOUR CAMERA TO SEE WHAT YOU ARE DOING! WE HAVE NO PRIVACY!
Videos still error out & won't play with the latest update I did on 8/20/14.
I liked the old version better having to download messenger and it wont let me play videos just horrible deleting
Wont let me read messages without the app bullshit fuck that
i am still not liking how my news feed is showing up. I see yesterday's new before I see recently posted news. It All messed up.
Boooo!!! Spy gate!!!
I like to see
Dowload the app Feature Points use my referral code B2S3E5 and use your points for exclusive rewards!
Wala
It's ok.
Dr Akhilesh Mishra
Better tha my space hands down
My fingers smell like boogers
The new update freezes my phone, and that's when it decides to work. I don't need fancy I need reliable. Fix this!!
It's really good apps.
Doesn't like working on wifi networks. Never remembers that I set it to "most recent". NOBODY WANTS TO SEE TOP STORIES!!! GIVE US BACK THE OPTION TO TURN OFF AUTO UPDATES!
M
Too much snooping around
ilove it
So many crashes on the new LG3. C'mon guys get it together. I mean, you're making a crapload of money off us, invest in getting this stuff right. Geeez!!
So much storage use. Geez
I like facebook
I want to connect to my Facebook account
It keeps stopping while playing a video... Please fix it
Liked
Wont let me see videos plz fix it
I like how over all it says people rate it 4.0 but all I see is 1 lls
Its good
You can't make me use the "new messenger" app.  Who are you trying to be, big brother?  Get a clue FB!
Keep adding more features and make messenger app like features in the fb app itself dn full 5!!
Bad update. My posts don't stay on my page, and my status won't really tag anyone even though it says it does.
I recently reinstalled the Facebook app because I'm in a place where the site is less conveniently accessible by PC and it's the only way I have to stay in contact with some old friends. Having been fed up with the app's seemingly unceasing and invasive notifications before, this time I immediately went into the settings to disable them entirely, but every time I restart my phone I get a new notification telling me to sync my contacts even though I explicitly turned this feature off as well. Seriously, WTF?
Good
Great medium for sharing God's Word
Love it
Gosh man u guys ruined it plz fix azap wont let me go in :/
Supar
I will not update this app anymore until the new app permissions are removed - especially the one that allows FB to read my texts. You don't need to!!!
your collecting private info
Good
Good
why my didnt updated yet ?
So bad
I can view my profile and friends profile easy but pic load slow without WiFi
good
Lumayan..
Facebook should not be spying on us!!!
Awsome
The best
Good
Why are you asking me for all this information? DONT USE FACEBOOK MESSENGER THEY CAN GO THROUGH YOUR MESSAGES AND HACK YOUR CAMERAS. BE CAREFUL!
Why force us to install another app for messaging!?!? It is wasting our memory!!!
Great
New and old excitement
But what are you going to do???
This is a great way to find family and friends that you haven't seen in a while or never heard from before thanks to Facebook I've met family that I never met.
Excellent design
Good
I can't even play videos anymore
Stupid that you have to download Facebook messenger in order to read and send messages. Why?!?
Nice.............
Blessed
Verry wood
Video viewing is terrible now!!!!
Can't get it to download and cannot  pull pictures. I like the old FB. Now I don't even show my FB app.
It.
Seriously screw you facebook for spying on us when the government already is
I live states away from my family and friends, this is amazing way for me to keep in touch with them and keep tabs with everything going on back home : )
Amazing....
Memberi brita2 trkini
great
To much ta go threw to get info
Nice
Keeping in touch
It gets worse with every update
Good
Updating...
Its nice
Smarter faster better
The app was already terrible but it seems you all just sit around thinking hmmmm how should we make this app worse then it already is . OH I know why dont we force people to download a separate app to see messages .
Just a bit removed from this original .
Loving
Very slow woth 3g network tooo
Facebook not responding!!!!!uninstall!!!
This new update has alot of problems.System loading.doesnt notify when someone comments on a post.it freezes and stops running FIX IT PLEASE! !!!!!!!
Keren
Excellent
Quartz
Good one to keep in touch with friends
Very good
It was right on time I talk to only family and I can block peopol that are bothering me
Since the update won't load on my tablet been waiting for twenty minutes
Sucks
WTF when scrolling through news feed magically kicks me back to the very top after scrolling down for 5 minutes couldn't get more aggravating
Locked out messages
Xperia arc s not working this app
Since the new update I have not been able to watch any videos. They don't load, just a bunch of "unknown errors."
Love it
Facebook isn't spying on you. Research your s*it  before saying/thinking something so illogical. I guess there isn't any hope for you Americans after all.
Cool
Intruder Mark Zukerberg
Connection
Full slow updating
Can't read my events every time they update it it gets worse
How about stop notifying me of messages if I cannot read them in the app!?  Uninstalled!
Takes over your phone and tales pictures and videos
I guess I has no problem really
I like this because this is make to free called
I can't like pictures or statuses. Everytime i click like it likes and then unlikes.
Don't like the fact that we have to have messenger! One more thing that we don't have control over. I refuse to have it.
IT WON'T LET ME LOG IN. IT IS SLOW.IT'S GLITCHES WE DONT NEED MESSAGES!!!!!
I love this app
Its great
i hate this . please bring back the old once
A great media going down hill. Sadly.
I cleared my data cache and it began to work.
Boost mobile ZTE warp. Videos won't play.  "unknown error occured" will make five star if this is fixed promptly. Won't play even while connected to Wi-Fi
Nyc app
Nice britches Facebook
You know
HATE SEEING THREE DAY OLD POSTS
I would give five stars if you would put some of the data over to the SD card.
Khawaja
Great am loving it
Stupid AF that I have to have an entirely seperate app for messaging. AND I still can't pick what I see on MY timeline. Why do you get to decide for me. Not like this makes a diffetence because you guys aren't fixing ANY issues that have been posted. Stupid.
Why do you need all this information and access to my camera?
094725458
It often stops. I can't open this app.
Want the messaging back I hate massager it screws up my phone until you put messages back where they belong Facebook can shove it.
Superior
I just got a brand new g2 & the only thing that doesn't work is this app!!! It doesn't work at all so I have to use the internet which is mildly frustrating. Please. Fix. It doesn't scroll and nothing is clickable
Won't load new stories in the newsfeed and is overall very slow- not an issue with the internet as everything else works perfectly.
I have a galaxy epic not samsung admire
Excellent
Facebook
Please help i need to figure out something why i  cannot make it to  upgrade my Facebook apps... always error
Goooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooood
It keeps freezing up and then it won't close, I have to go into my settings and force it to stop. I also don't like that it doesn't show the newest updates rather than the ones most commented on.  Lastly I don't like that we can't message each other anymore. ... really sux!!!
So now I can't post in groups or comment in groups. Way to go Facebook!  Glad I was only trying to save dogs lives!!  Worst social media platform ever!
Mobile
Love it !!!!!
Use it every day. Awesome. Why do they need to have a separate Facebook messenger when it can be integrated in Facebook app  ? 5 stars for implementing it.
facebok is the best app i could have installed,i love it
It works very slow. Website version much faster!!
It's best soscial network
The application loads slow and it just very unreliable.
Great app so much new stuff
I love you....
Its great working well
Da best app on da go
I hate this, my notifications aren't updating since the new update.
The mobile Facebook page doesn't waste my battery or take up space by spreading to multiple apps and it doesn't require total control of my phone and private info.  It also doesn't auto load video's while I am on 3G/4G.  Shame on you Facebook, your bloated rubbish app has cost me all my 3G allowance for the last time. I think I am going to write a free Facebook mobile wrapper app that makes the mobile web page look like an app and give it away for free to others that are sick of this rubbish.
Nice
Great
Great
It won't play my video's, this is wack.
Why u be like this facebook i dont want to install another app just to text. MESSED UP
Marlina
Thanks
Since last update it constantly kicks you out. Slower than a tortoise to open if you can get it that far and freezes when scrolling. Not worth having unless you fix.
Stop bitching about the permissions, every app has the same ones. Snapchat, Instagram, etc
Fagits
Oklahoma
Maybe good
I can no longer view videos. Even the preview. All of them say that an unknown error has occurred. =/ The rest works fine. Also don't like the messenger being separate.
I dont like the new update :(
I hate having to use this crap
Good stuff Facebook!
Im giving this app another try after I stopped about 8 months ago and I see it still has issues. Its really annoying. now wont play videos!!
Soo cool
You get in you get out
I'm happy with it =)
I don't believ some Grids
Facebook

Sajid
Excellent.....
Nicw
Good luck
Works good
I cannot get on since the update. Fix please!
My name is jeetu
I'm loving it
There have problem on facebook there alway forzen
The comments with the most likes should appear on the top like it happens when using Facebook on PC ! Would really appreciate if that happens :)
Apple is innovative and customer savvy. You're trying to innovate, but aren't listening to your people. Put messenger bsck the way it was.
It's 20 mb app then why it takes 35 mb space in my phine memory.. >_<
The poke button doesn't work and instead of saying how many minutes ago someone posted something it yells you the time and date. They also invade your privacy. Thank a lot!
i thought this app would only consume 24MB? it's actually consuming about 90-120MB...not to mention i have to install the Messenger which i expect to be 15MB but actually consumes 30-45MB...i also think it would be better if GIF files woukd be supported
awsm
Mbois
Great
Uninstalling the app way to many bugs it litterally shut my phone off an restarted because facebook is too infected you guys might want to take a second look on what your doing for the facebook app
I like this app
Never loads! Always lags! And the invasion of privacy is insane. Wake up people the commie agenda is making way into our free country! Will be deleting. Go to hell Facebook!
I think it is the best social networking app.
Best!
Nice
The messenger has me not being able to open it until I download it. And once I download it just brings me back to the page saying I need to Download it
Sosial ni best
Facebook freezes alot since updating a couple months ago
Delete these ridiculous demands you "Need" such as reading my messages and phone calls
Bring back integrated messages
I like this app
Swag
Awesome!
Yippee
Easy access great
My own page and to express myself the way I want and freely.I love it...
Fantastic
Horrible!!!
Itzz a gr8 aap
Why did you move the messages to the stupid app cause the app doesn't work on my phone fix it now!!!
Facebook is getting more and more evasive
Good direction
Like it
Super

Im burly installing it I just got my new phone
I'll be scrolling thru my news feed (which I have to go to the menu to sort by most recent) and it just pops to the top by it self.
Moving the messages to a completely different app is stupid. .
Sher
Cool
This update force closed again and again and again...hang my phone thrice a day...really worst app on play.add copy the status option.yuck!!!!!
Im not installing it. Look at your own porn. Not mine.
Really good
Loved it!
Awsome
How to change theme?
with the new messanger app im finding im rarly opening fb anymore. and therefor i will be inistalling it. not worth it anymore.
This apps is so verry fastes rather than to other apps of facebook....:)
Love it
Too Slow
Good
Everyone u guys do an update something goes wrong since this update my videos on fb don't play the wheel just keeps spinning and then an error comes up and says cant play video error occurred fix this and u might get more stars
Panjaitan
Y must thr b a nid for us to download another app for msging.pls do smth abt it fast
Stop trying to control us! My news feed keeps freezing
Good
Well this is useful all you do is tap the app.
I dont like the idea that fb is snatching our privacy
Diego.najera @gmail 77
I like
I like this app
Pim
Been shutting down and freezing up for weeks. Send reports nothing changes
Suparfine thiz app....
Not good.. thia os really NAD n annoying. . Why it always sign out automatically??? N then requiring me to enter email n password again.. f*CK thatttttt
I want most current news feed, not your top stories! Please fix so we can have most recent stories, not what you think I want to see!
Its great
The new updated does not allow me to see videos
Bole to mast
The app is really. Slow
Iren dinda pratiwi
I delete my data from the FB app and then without logging in, the data mysteriously returns... I now uninstall the app when not in use. Until the privacy policy changes and/or data stops mysteriously appearing after being deleted, I will continue to delete the app after each use. Higher ratings will follow as well.
Its better concetion
My album pic
Good
Recomended
Since I got the last update, fb won't let me play any videos. Please fix this!!!
I have been able to connect with ppl I thought I would never see again!!
News feed still random, have to use a hidden option to sort it by time, Messaging removed from app, yet it still notifies you when someone sent you a message. How nice I can't read it. No I'm not installing yet another app to do something that was in this one. for whatever reason it keeps reminding me to install instagram. No I'm not installing it and I do not care if my friends are using it.
Good
Please.....!
Love it
Likes dissappear at random... Still
I downloaded The Facebook messenger And What I Saw On The News About U can Read My Messages And Taken Pictures and up Loading them On Its Own My Family Will Never Get This app Again I'm Done......!!!!!
We dont want the top stories so you can promot who pays you i dont want to dowload another app so i can chat the replies isnt working it apears as it is a comment slow buggy
For some reason my group's posts get randomly deleted. Other than that, it's a great app.
video system not good..
This app should not read SMS messages. The justification on the Facebook help site is nonsense
What the heck this app use to be smaller what the heck happened
Great. Could be better but , Great :) please stop force closing too.
I CAN'T WATCH A VIDEO EVEN WATCH A VINE!! Please man ,  PLEASE! Fix this , do your job.
Yea its ok the app. Is straight
Stop spying on americans!!!delete ur facebooks
FATTA
The upgrade is horrible. I hate how it saves my searches and makes me delete them. My Facebook freezes all the time. Where it shows the number if likes and comments looks like it's written in another language. And the Facebook Messenger is a joke. I will not install it. I just won't use messages through Facebook anymore. You should have just left it alone. It was fine the way it was.
Coolest app. Ever
I like loved it
So good
Ferry nice
Yea buddy
i dont like it when you force us to download the messaging app because its of no use., not only it consumes space in my phone it does try to access my personal contacts. Worst is you didnt guys gave us another option to just like keep the whole thing in one app, the messaging app has nothing new. Frustrating because we dont have much of a choice but to install it so we can message someone or read messages. Unhappy of the app.
it's need update again and again iam boring for this .
After the lastet update, I am not able to watch any videos on my facebook app. It says "sorry but an unknown error has occurred while trying to play this video" Please fix this asap.
Always kicking off. Frustrating!
Super
loading images take a long period !!! initialising the app take a long period !!!! what the hell is this ??? the last update and the update before it are a waste of time .. !! garbage ! is there anyone who like it ?? and it works perfectly on his phone ??!!!
Why do you need to know where I am, read my text, what apps I have on my phone. My call log .......am I in control of anything? As much as I like it on my phone. ..ditching this app
I don't know if it's Facebook or candy crush but when I try to connect to candy crush to Facebook it always says you don't have access to the kingdom try again later.  Please fix and will rate higher
Lorena Diaz Del Olmo
Use your browser on your cell or pc. Invasion of privacy at its finest
What other apps go ahead and update when you hit the No button over and over....
Need Big Update!!! Again! Can't play Video and Closes my Facebook and it keeps returning to my home screen. Need Optimization for Android 4.3 JB... I've already Clear the Cache and logout but still!!! Can't play the Video... What's happening?!
i feel hungry so 2 bad i need meat
Good
It loads for about 5 seconds and goes grey.  I NEED photos that are saved in there.
After updating, it forced closed after taking 3 minutes to load. And not having the ability to see my messages is stupid to. I'll just use my browser to use Facebook.
I'm deleting my Facebook app! I can't do anything with it lately
Every new update brings more surprises.  Great team of developers. Keep it up!
no need to move messenger
love it
Too big and too slow !! Full memory ,why i have to choose between fb or  whatsapp ebay paypal and other better apps much more useful than you guys ... !!!:Who do you think you are ?? Avoid like plague
The new Facebook update functions very badly for me. When people change their cover photos and profile pictures, it keeps showing the old ones. Also, it does not show my posts on my wall at once, but after a while. I cannot change my cover photo from my mobile any more and the location is not visible for my posts, even though locating is turned on.
The best to keep in touch
This app is amazingly great , creative and Interactive.
I would really love to see the function where you can switch between "New Stories" and "Top Stories" again. I also am seeing friends having issues tagging people on posts.
Very helpful i really like it
Keeps freezing
No need for it
the ux sucks now.  also bring back messaging with in the app.
Its great. Absolutely. I give this app five star rating. Thank you facebook!! :)
#facebook
App is way too large for a normal phone's memory and cannot be moved to the SD card. I may abandon your horrible site all together soon.
I dont think its good to remove the chat box for messenger its all disturbing
Love it
Verygood
Good app work fine on my Samsung Galaxy S5.
Playing FB videos with the app is too crashy. When playback is done the app forces to close. Your saying that updates includes performance stability and faster is totally not true! It is slower and hangs-up from time to time...
I should'nt have to give fb I stsr to comment on this messenger crap! I know your liying when you say you have a large following! Thats BS! Messenger is horrible I dont get yesterdays posts until 2am the next day!  I refuse to upload messenger!!!!!!
TIWANA
Too many frequent updates are causing my space to run out..it already used alottt of space just to put the initial fb app on my phone
Giii
Why doesnt FB leave well enough alone...The mobile app with the messenger built in was much nicer than this junky update!...I find myself sending messages far less than the previous version..Please FB change back to the older version!!!
won't let me watch video's , won't let me read comments and won't let me post stautes
love it
This doesn't have the ability to share a picture on comments like the one you have if you open facebook using your browser.
Good
Sucks and then sucks some more.
Yes
Nigga ! -.-
Handsome Man
I deleted the app because it too slow i download it and then when its installing theres unknown error
Chat still separate app
Unnecessary permission requests. I loves Facebook until now!
Doesn't even let me open the App. It just loads and force closes.
Very good
Why remove messenger you have failed me
Garbage! Deleted it from my galaxy s3 and it's as if I have a new phone. Unbelievable how much background nonsense was going on. Do yourselves a favour and use Facebook mobile website..... I will not download messenger when the app should provide this inclusive
if u don't get a signal on Wi-Fi this app shuts now time to uninstall it after i thought it was working
your last update is not successful.. when i open my fb its says 'setting up facebook' below the loading sign.. it took so long that cause an iritation to us.. this happened since i install ur new update.. pls fix this.. this is not successful.. pls make sure first the quality of your app if its ok bfore you out in the market..
Anytime i respond to any posts , i end up with a blank screen.... crappy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
w
Horrible app , keep getting -24 download error and will not allow download LG G2 , terrible app
Not working after last update
Setting up facebook loading screen takes to long
Great
I dont hate it i just don't like how long it takes to get logged in . Just stop updating it and stick with what there is .
Love it
good good good
They're asking for a whole lot more info than they need. I'll visit on browser version and preserve some little bit of my privacy.
Great app.. easy to use
Microphone, camera and contact access without consent. That is ridiculous!
You take away the integrated messenger and instead add an integrated browser? Where's the logic in that? In app browser claims to be faster than chrome but that's a blatant lie. Page wouldn't load after a minute, opened on chrome and it came up immediately.
please Fix
I tried to download the new Facebook app a couple of times but my phone freezes up this is the only app I have where my phone freezes up when I download it none of my other apps do it so I'm going to uninstall again because it seems that my phone Facebook leads to update this app again because it sucks really bad
Why do you need two apps that have such ridiculous permissions?  Deleted.
Facebook Messenger that's why I gave it a 3
Can't download Facebook app because there always a error code 919 or 43
Nice Nice Thanks u so much
i love the new version of facebook for android. .
Good
Now I can't even play videos with the hell man. Please fix this bug
Very very useful one and best communicator
Installed but error, had to uninstall n install again... .still pathetic
Unknown Error
Bakwas
Really
Last update fixed the non-functioning video issue so i gave you two more stars. Thankyou for fixing it.
On my xperia z video keeps stopping and saying error getting on my nerves PLZ FIX
Hardly nessary and waaaay to muxh access to personal information! Nov. 1 Imdone!!!
I want to read my messages without downloading the app
Ilove this app
Facebook
Quite dispointing.
Make it easier to switch between mssngr and main page. Tired of browser crash because of data overload from this.
please fixed when i open my fb said sitting wait don't like this please fixed because very slow always wait  wait thanks
Can't log in tells me number is wrong and its the number they sent to my cell phone.  Very frustrating, liked it until today.
Facebook app crashed my phone so I'm reinstalling it.
Good
ARE YOU KIDDING ME NO MORE FB MESSENGER
Since I accepted an upgrade to my phone, the Facebook app disappeared. I tried downloading it again but it came up as an incompatibility fault. What is going on?  My experience of 'upgrades' is that I the consumer have to make do with less functionality.
Don't want messenger
Now freezes when trying to load pictures..  Galaxy Note 3
Very good app for photo upload .
Excellent
Super
It wont let me play videos
Can't get my videos to play anymore
Nice
Very good

Keeps crashing
It books yo' face.
& my download pictures Fabulous!!!!
I luv it
Awful
Best
Excellent
HEYYYYYYYYY????????   I'm so mad!!!!! Like are u serious  WHY WON'T VIDEOS  PLAY?????
Should be able to pick and choose
Facebook
Thanks for active connection from Facebook. Now we can reply to the comments like the web version.
What can I say, it's the best. Facebook is a way to stay connected to family, friends and the news the news that go on around the world and much more #...
It gets better after 1, 000, 000, 000, times update. 1star.

Wonderfull
Garbage on tablets. And now when you open links in facebook, it opens the link from an internal browser. Wont let you leave the Facebook app.
Zzzzg53@com sa
Laggy, buggy, annoying, unresponsive; the negative adjectives I could use for this app are pretty much endless. My advice - delete and use another app or the mobile site
Is good
Facebook is stupid:/
Assume
I cant watch any video's from any page/people
very slow,,,
Fully timepass past friendship was regenerating
Runs so slow now. Can't comment anymore. Makes my whole cell slow which makes me think app is all up in ALL my cell. Fix it !!!!
Facebook is becoming horrible when ever we like a photo when it is already open it gt liked and as soon as we close like also get disliked....and iphone's facebook app is such a cool app against it this one is downmarket...
What happened fb you were kinda cool but now you want to know everything about me and my phone. Your worse than the government!!!! Is Obama paying you to get all this info on us?!?!?!?
It's been three days, whatever change you made, messed up the ability to play videos. Please fix!
I love Facebook and the app is awesome
I should have a choice if I want to use it and when I did it messes up my ring tones and eats my battery
Love it so much
But need imrovement
I like it
Keeps crashing and its an invasion of privacy
Abuse of privacy!!!
Why Y'all Niggas need my info for you stupid hoes fuckberg ugly
Don't know about Facebook yet I was told I can get free tickets to play tpir bingo
Good
GPS permissions? Messenger? You just did an update that jacked up every game on my phone. Thanks. You guys are not listening to customers. We don't need you. Uninstalled.
Best Social application on Android.
First, this app is entirely too invasive. Then, it doesn't even work correctly half the time, so why keep it. I honestly wish I could delete it permanently from my phone.
Its one of the most essential app for all. I like the app but it needs more speed up.
Good
Please fix force close !
Bad
opos 9a eprepe na htan ^.^
Can't view my messages because I don't have the messenger app and dont want it.  Needs to be fixed!!
These permissions are a joke. I'll stick to the website. One reason for constant updates is to filter out bad comments. Sad sad sad.
All of the sudden videos don't play, just a notice there is an unknown problem can't play video. It worked fine just hours ago.
Nice
I hate the new update. I have to swip away my comment to get to my unlock screen. This new update took over my phone.
:)
I love it
I wish that it would stop crashing lets hope updates beter fb junki
I'm doing this out of spite
Great for keeping in touch with your family
I'm not sure why you need oh so many accesibilities but you won't be getting it from me! Take away messenger!!
Because it takes too long to load. Fix it please
None of the videos will play!
Good
Great motion
Good
This app is good
Nice
Videos are not loading up. It says, An error occurred while trying to view video. This really sucks, i liked watching everyone doing the ice bucket challenges and now i can't. I should've never updated it. Please fix!!!!
I'm sorry but why the hell does Facebook need to know the ins and outs of everything. Why do you need to be able to start recording things without the other persons consent or knowledge and take pictures? Why the hell do you want to access messaging and call log as well as GPS? It pretty much is a complete invasion of our privacy and its a bit creapy that when I'm on Facebook, you can take a picture of me. Sort it out or I'll delete it!! You'll be losing out on money anyway..
Too good
But after the update ..when i top to tag my photo it always hang ...please fix it...
Facebook is a good social media network.
I don't want a separate ap forced on me. I like it how it is, also... I don't want to be available 24/7 because I have this ap.
Nice app
Nice to know you
The shortcut to the good friend
Forcing you to install fb messanger for you to be able to open and chat with your friends really sucks.
Think Facebook requires too much personal information
Like the app but should not have to.download messager when I can just go to my Facebook app why take up more room when don't need to. And when I try to go to my messages it will not let me in now with out trying to make me download messager
Ever since the update went through, any video I click on in FB says "Something Went Wrong. Cannot Play Video"
"an unknown error has occored"         fix please. I try to watch any video, it will play for 7 seconds; if I'm lucky.
Love fb until now i can not even watch the videos .. Wth FIX PLEASE! ! !
Love i t
It run to slow
cool
This app became useless after the update, it can no longer play a straight video. keeps on getting an unknown error, worst. I hate it,, if only there is another facebook app here,, im not going to use this

Well this facebook isn't to bad.
I loved it
OK!
Another sick update
I love it
09850412

09850412
09850412
Cool!!!
I've just updated my Sony Xperia e1 to android 4.4.2 kitbag and will not install saying (incompatible update) but was working before  Not impressed at all as Google play says my device is compatible  Someone please help if possible
Why do we need2 apps to send a message.. if this doesn't get fixed soon I will be deactivating Facebook and find an alternative app.
Always
Ok but there is a problem..i cannot see the comments in my photos
Fix the messenger bs...
Best way to keep in touch..share memories and make new ones. Mainly one of the  best way s of spreading Gods word.
Would have done four but this has been to crazy and lost alot of pictures and this upset me
No one should have my personal info except me fb is has gone governmental
Good app
Video error!!!!  Constantly since update!!!!
Since the last update to this app it's really gone haywire. All notifications in group messaging and on the wall and home page are being received but not showing on the main threads. Sort it please
It's fine. Just stop messing with it. I hate that you are forcing others to download the messenger app. I refuse  to download it.
For some reason you need to know everything about me....I have a 8" penis
app doesnt launch, setting up facebook takes forever its ridiculous!!! do some work or just stay home
FIX THE MESSENGER! You know your in the wrong! Your loosing people using the app so why do it! This should have imediately been fixed. I dont understand why you would do this
my videos dont play!!
People are commenting and getting notifications of them but Fb is not showing me them updated today
The only problem is that you need messenger plz fix
Kool!!
Just updated my experia e1 and Facebook won't download!
worst fb app ever.fix this crap
Why have upgrade my facebook when something new comes around on facebook or downloading messager from facebook i don't have that much space on my phone to put facebook messager app on my phone and fix these upgrades to facebook ok. Fix all these little bugs on facebook ok .
its no good
Says not enough storage for update but checked and I have plenty of space
Love this app. Keeps me connected to family and friends
Es ,,,,
Owsam
Good but slow
super apps
The most invasive, useless application to me, since I have no gain in giving FB access to ALL, my phone files. What is in it for me?
Its just like any other facebook
I love it .don't have any complaints
Why the heck I need to install facebook messenger???
Facebook has pretty much hit the nail on the head with an easy-to-use and intuitive mobile app. Its so easy, I almost feel like I'm using Facebook on my desktop computer. The only problem is how the "Most Recent" feed is hidden so deep in the context menus. Once this is fixed, this will become a 5-star review.
"Life is a thin line between night and day".
Software update has deleted Facebook app & after 30 minutes waiting for download it says incompatible! Please fix this!
Since  the last update, I can no longer access my account on my G4. Its tells me "wrong email address".
Facebook rating
Why so many permissions????????
WTH! 2014, still can't play HD Video. T.T
Asina20
love it. always on it
But i hate mesenger  why it is complusary on cell to chat ???
It's  the best I love it
This app is literally forcing me to download messenger so I can interact with my friends and family. Eventhough it knows that messenger gives away our privacy!!
This app is 
Killed with last update, constantly says setting up, never opens.

Uninstalling if permissions are not lowered
Nice
Baby
I can no longer tag friends in my status!!
In love and happy
If any of you thought a company was REALLY  stalking you but,  you still downloaded it anyways, company has the right to tell us you're the dummies they are after IF NOT just stupidity co-dependant
it's Nice apps
Updates do not work with my phone. I think myspace might be coming back. Fix it! If i could i would rate this a zero.
Since the update I can't watch videos
You ask for too much access to my privacy... get your own life. Goodbye fb app! Smh
08033629168
Loved it
Every time I click into the app it goes into white screen.
Welcome everyone to reality
Every video I try to watch won't  play
None of the pics show up in my newsfeed. Fix that.
Moving the messaging feature to a second app was nowhere near necessary. Won't be using it.
Not secure
I have tried many times to upload a video. It wouldnt upload and wouldn't let me check my Facebook. I tried to uninstall and reinstall. Still won't work after many attempts. Also hate the new messenger.
,
Now videos don't load I have good internet connection so I know its nothing to do with that... It's says unknown error has occured
Great
Hate fb
I can't tag people like I could at fisrt. The iPad app is much better.
Lekker cool man, soos braaivleisvuur. Lekker barbeque.
Why do I have to download the messenger app to read my message? I don't even want that shit as finding it very annoying... This is crap bloody stalker... delete Facebook soon if this how it going to works
This neww update works very slowly...Bring Back the old version n wht is this messenger why we are force toh download it plz fix it..
After I download the massenger it made my tablet crash. Also even after I un installed it it only got worse. Now my FB does not want to work at all. Its like I have been punished for getting rid of it. I got rid of it do to you have the right to sell my personal stuff to a 3rd party used in the messenger.
I aint using messenger..
A place to get together and be informed.
App keeps closing everytime I open it
That's nice
I don't like that we have to have a separate app for chat. Plus facebook is asking for to much personal information. I miss the old facebook and want it back.
latest update is just silly
First FB was hailed for an all-in-one social app.  Now it is being unbundled and sold as all new apps. Do not be brainwashed.  There is no need for yet another social app that claims to be all new but is merely functions of what phones already have been able to do for years now.
I don't get notifications on post i comment or anything I'm tagged on? -Boost Mobile Max
Download
Facebook us ruined since the last update, just gonna stick with bbm now
It works!!!
Cause.
Facebook is no longer allowing me to post videos & I just updated the app Please Fix This !
Facebook is a really good think
So slow
Just hope to can cut and past the posts
It's  cool
There is no true way to keep your info private. This is done according to Facebook to keep things safe, but in true reality is all done to disclose info to various companies that are affiliated with Facebook.
Not bad
Love it
Fb. Great my
But updating time and again is not acceptable!
To many permissions, uses way to much RAM, and taking messages away facebook is now the site we all use with the app we all hate.
Bad bad bad loading old news feed
Great
Khan
Can't mute posts. 22MB of laggyness and a resource hogger.
Unable to install says not compatible since installed kit kat
I just wish it came with more dinner rolls.
Very very slow connection :(
Facebook keeps stopping,  and logging me out.
Its the best so far
What   up      love
There was a previous update where i would get notifications while my phone was locked? I like that feature, why did you remove it. And i use to love messenger but now  I deleted it because of all the rumors of privacy. Please fix!
Update incompatible
Can't Like anything or comment anymore.
Facebook
Keeps freezing and lagging after like 30 seconds of use. What the hell. Fix it facebook, every time you fix something you break something else
Hey
Not too good
Pictures are not showing up at all after the update. Pictures that people posted or even anyone's profile pictures. Absolutely no pictures load at all.
It doesnt allow me to watch FB videos. Infact when i try to open any video, it throws me out. Poor app
I hate this
Requires to many permissions. .
Update....cant play any videos on my galaxy s2 now on fb....worked fine before and can play other saved videos on my phone in other apps but NOT FB!!!!!!
Have things come up and I don't know them or ask for them.
Too many permissions, and we cannot even write or read messages...  for that there is another app, which also requires far too many permissions.
1. News feed resets to top stories all the time. 2. Needs to sort comments and show replies accordingly. 3. Doesn't show album comments. 4. Can't edit location on pictures.
Bring the messenger function back!!! Low end device like mine cant use the messenger app which use alot of ram
Its just ok
:)
Why the hell do you need my contacts, private information and access to my microphone? so many adds thanks for selling out.
Don't understand all the permissions.  Why you need tho kno my contacts and where im at?  #fbstalkers#government control
Good social app.
You had me until you required me to download a completely separate app just to view/ use my inbox. Even worst, you want access to my entire phone life for a freaking msg. Not cool, I'll pass.
No words to describe the frustration.
Musthafa.acharambuth
More knowladge
Good
Very enjoyable
DANIEL PAUL ANDELIN .. Aka Skip NOLA
This new version need to upgrade a lot more
Unable to set timeline preferences easily
Won't load it sucks
Officially uninstalled facebook. I have a Galaxy S2, and since this update, i haven't been able to play videos off facebook. Not very happy with that. Please fix
Here lately Facebook app is crappy! Keeps freezing on me and I have to back out every single time. Fortunately im not one of the people thats had the messenger forced on them yet but when I do message it also keeps freezing and takes forever to even send or type something. Its very inconvenient. All these updates are getting a bit ridiculous considering they make nothing better.
Totally intrusive
Still freezing problems
Rtfy
Not real pleased with the latest update....it's stuck won't move off a post I tried looking at 3 hours ago!!!!
I like it and very usefull apps
Worst update ever!
The latest update ruined the app. Everything takes forever to load, switching to messenger is a hastle and unnecessary. No videos play. Its slowing down my phone alot too.
Can't see "Friendship".
J
Tried installing on my new tablet and will only read "setting up Facebook", I have on the same tablet before and it worked fine.  Very disappointed
Facebook video get stuck while watching videos .
It good
I've updated my phone and it's saying that it's an incompatible update please sort this out soon
Really didn't like having to download a separate app. Just to use messaging.
Improvement always welcomed!
I am a man who has been a while, but I think I have a great day. I am a little bit of a new one, and I am not a problem
I like this app
Great fun
Facebook app automatically deleted with last update and is now 'incompatible' with phone
Super cool
I can see the most recent posts.
Well, honestly, facebook ideas was usefull for me to connect with my fam and friend. I just hope facebook keep its purity to connect peoples.
Great
In the description of the app it still says I'm able to message friends using this app, but as we all know that is no longer a feature offered from this app, so please either put it back or remove it from the list of features included in the app information I believe it is now considered false advertising
My videos won't play past 7 seconds.. Please fix bug for 5 star rating
Brilliant
Considering removing myself from Fakebook entirely. I have heard the new messaging app is so they can be even more invasive.
It was an okay app , but for some reason it stopped loading for a while, the news feed wouldn't update, and my notifications were the same .but before that it was an awesome app . I give it a 3
Marverlous
John Lang
I wish there was an alternative to fb. These nosey **** shouldn't be aloud to get away with it.
it is a vwry good app havnt had any problems
Nite123456
Quits working sometimes needs a lil work it freezes
U don't need all that stuff unless you doing extermination on us again
Very usefull social meediea
Since it updated yesterday, it keeps crashing and freezing!  Please get it togther... uggggh
It doesn't update its slow and I get last news
Run funny sometimes
A lot of fun I spend most of my time and data on Facebook if you don't have facebook I advise you to get it it is simple to use it is easy to use even for someone like me that has trouble reading great app and they have updates quite a bit keep it up Facebook
Total waste of time just collecting data slows the phone down stops other apps opening all the time messenger can't be turned off only deleting it allows other apps to open properly. Rubbish is the only word u can use for this app now better app on iPad.
I need to get back into my originals Please help
Why don't I have the new design on my Nexus 5?
there is really no need to move the messagea into a whole new app
on Android galaxy s5 you can't send wall post to a private message  like on the iPhone
Since new software update on Sony experia,  it has deleted Facebook app and won't let me download again!!!!!!!!! Fix!!!!!
Since the last update it simply does not work, just freezes and fails to close.
Freezes often & will not automatically show most recent posts by friends. Also, when I watch a video it often sends me to the top again! I hate the new FB :-|
Please make an option to block app invites on Facebook. MYSPACE DID IT!
Eb
Nice
Ive recently downloaded the messenger app and uninstalled the Messenger app. I installed the m.app again since I couldn't view my pms and now Facebook won't open!!!!!! And plus, I would have the messenger app and Facebook together on my tablet BUT I can't open my other apps!!!  FIX THIS PLEASE AND WHY DOES FACEBOOK REQUIRE SO MUCH PERMISSION S LIKE THE MESSENGER APP?????!??!?!?!!!!??!?? THIS APP SUCKS!!!!!!
Awful service ! Why does it require all of these  permissions of access ?
Its a very good entratiner
It a lot of poo
Great
i miss the old facebook
I honestly hate this app for my phone. It says that it only takes up like, what? 14.00mb to download? YET. Whenever I go to click on it, it said I needed to clear up space on my phone. I had like, 40+ mb on my phone, and it went down to .6mb. Like, wtf facebook
I can't even open the goddamn app anymore
Facebook is really going along with more fixes and new features
Thank you Facebook Team
Gg nice app
Took me two hours to go through the privacy settings to minimise the broadcasting of my private info. Have reduced my contacts list so all my friends info is not accessible to fb snooping either. Looking for an app that is less effort.
Dear fb i found u updates but i was unable to find the solution of my problem ...(no internet connection)
Messenger is useless
Hate it....play videos problem
I cant read my messages in my inbox without the fb messenger app and I don't wanna download the messenger app fix it and ill put it back to five stars until then its staying at two stars
Super fast
I love Facebook
Keeps freezing....have to restart phone just to unfreeze app....messenger should be included in app not a separate download....ugh!
Forcing me to use another app to message. Pass
I think this app is best for communicate .
It fucken sucks
Cool
You have no reason to be geting that much info to run an app...Change it up or Ill leave facebook for good
Anmol jannat
You're better off using your web browser, facebook is like cholesterol for your phone. Everytime you post anything fb stores it to your phone yet you can't see it therefore you can't delete it. It fills up your storage fast and it keeps shutting down my phone and causing it to freeze. I always have to "force stop" facebook needs a new face for their sorry book
Woke tenan
Why are we forced to download messenger app when it's more convenient to be within the fb app
Nice apps good very  very good
Seperate app for messaging is retarded! Permissions are insane!!!
Since the new update the app never works. News feed never loads and it takes ten minutes for one picture to upload. Not cool. Plz fix!
71124371
Very good
It's pretty slick
facebook
Superb
It is goooood SAP and save time
Not updating Fb because I want my privacy! Too many dumb changes to the app & I dnt feel comfortable at all...
No complaints here. Lol
Slow, locks up. Oh, did I mention it's S L O W! Looking forward to ReaganBook coming online.
It was good until you had to download the messenger.
Rahim
No more privacy!!!
This new version sucks. If I could give it 1/2 star I would. This app uses way too much battery !  It also wants to be able to make calls and texts. Why would they need that ?
Hey
Why on earth does the pictures page rotate to portrait on a tablet (Galaxy tabpro 12.2).  Surely with all the android tablets out there they can't think that everyone looks at a page in landscape then switches to portrait all the time? I want the page displayed the way I'm holding my tablet!
Since the update my Facebook now connects for 3 seconds then shuts itself off !! I've tried restarting my phone to no avail. Why can't they leave things alone, if this continues then I will be deleting the app & Facebook will lose another client . Sort it out !!!!
It's a lotta Hataz on here so beware lmao!!!!!!
Good
lov fb
Message app

I havent seen one comment more then 3 stars. Stupid me,  i should have read all the negative feed back before updating. Can u uninstall an update? Fb is awesome but sometimes less is more.  I would like to see them make a suggestion app on it so people like me thats on everyday can suggest what would b easier.
This sucks it says that there is no wifi when im connected this sucks DO NOT DOWNLOAD plz reply or im  uminstalling
is very good to connect to friends.
It is bad for me. It is using storage space and baterry life. So if u can live chat in facebook app. Or i will uninstall it and will use fb with my web browser. So i think it is not bad for me only. Stupid idea . Unistalled till i can chat in facebook app
Need more interactive interface.
For returning messages to the native app
Awesome
Stupid app won't load just says app loading
It's getting better,  but still turning notifications off is not working properly.  Also still consuming big size of data on the phone store as well as from the active RAM.
Good
If u hating because people get into Facebook put a password on or tablet or phone be smart for a change BTW I love the app
However, it seems every other week you are telling me i need to update the app. How many times do i need to update something when i use it every single day more times then once. It shouldnt need updated so much if its used so much
I love facebook:)
Good
Amezine apps..
In the most recent update i don't like how it opens a link in it's own viewer, not your browser or youtube, its just inconvenient. Also videos keep stopping part way through and won't play properly
Why wont this app play any videos! How can yu access all my info on my phone but yet this app wont even play videos .. thinking about Just deleting facebook in general. This is ridiculous!
Sync all my photos and I would give it a 5
You guys aint slick haha UNINSTALL!!
flowerwhite
Dont force your users to download a separate app to utilize the functionality that was previously built-in to the main app! Messenger still works from the web client & it would work from main app if you didn't intentionally take it out. FB is pretty smug with their market dominance; just remember,  MySpace had the same at one point..you keep acting this way & it will encourage users to switch over once a viable competitor comes along.They'll thank u & u'll only have yourselves to blame!
Is the best app in the world
Best app ever
facebook rating
You
There is no need to move the messenger to a separate app. I uninstalled that. The fb app crashes constantly on my RAZR Maxx . Too many updates messing up what was once a good app
I refuse to allow an app to read my text messages!!! Just wondering how the creators of this app would like someone they didn't know to read their PERSONAL TEXT MESSAGES!!!! I deleted this app from my phone. And refuse to use it!!! People someone create a negative star!!! Oh and record and take pictures. That's called invasion of privacy!!! No longer using facebook!!! Why don't you just give me all your personal info, access to your camera, microphone, contacts, read your text messages etc.
Will not load !!!!!
Some glitches but otherwise good.... Probably to proud to answer other people tho.
Ape2 aje daaa
To much space and to much permission
I have a Droid Ultra.  Facebook is freezing up even more than it was!  It seemed to get better for a few days, then today it keeps freezing up.  Please fix!
Facebook
iWant to install my fb messenger
Love it
Can't tag people who are in a group only lets me tag my friends. Also, I refuse to download new messenger app, put it back in original Facebook app where it belongs!!!
didnt ask for it gonna uninstall
Wonderful
Awesome app
Nyc
fb app closes too often on its own. Fix it plz!
I don't want you to "Auto update " that should be my decision and mine Only. But you don't allow me to switch  off the auto update option. FFS get your shit sorted and for a "social network " site your excessive intrusion into mine and everyone's privacy is becoming more ANTISOCIAL than social.
Enayat
Hey you retards of the Facebook, when do you allow us to read group posts with most recent first? Anyone who rates this with more than 3 stars is a clueless idiot.
Love you
Great app
I love it
Since they updated the new Facebook today it's freezing up really bad. Don't like it
I do not like the fact that my job requires me to have a facebook profile. Mostly because this app requires too much access to my personal information. Further more the need for the messenger app to receive or send messages when I can already do that via texting is superfluous and a waste of data usage. Which means Facebook is now costing me money which defeats the purpose of a "free" membership.
Fb was working fine. Screw messenger and screw Facebook. You guys need to get your act together. Messenger is so retrogressive, why use 2 apps to do what one can do. Jeez!
Love
It works good on htc desire 500
Very good
It's like watching a PowerPoint presentation,  my Sony xperia runs fine on all other apps except facebook
I can't upload videos
It always says Facebook has stopped working
Slow...app long tym before i get open it
Awesome
Facebook
It awsome fast n I saw some friends I hadnt seen in years
Let me see if im crystal clear on this, it claims there are 500 million downloads, but only 19 million people have given a review? 5 star reviews...i can't find any, although there are supposed to be 11 million. takes up way too much space on a phone, poor planning...even poorer execution.
Geez, FB, do you really need access to my Camera, Pics, Videos, GPS, Microphone and browsing history to function. Yeah, not happening.
Occupies so much space. Can not be moved to SD card. Would have given 5 stars.
Im trying to regain my account n every time it goes to the choose sucerity I press submit n it does nothing this is stupid,. Give me my account back and I dont need to download a messanger I dont want it. Again, give me my account back!
:(
Not keen on links opening in-app. Pages don't always load correctly, I can't save them to pocket any more and I sync my open pages over several devices. This should be optional not forced.
thankx
Keeps crashing since update Aug 14
Don't force us to use your messenger. I DO NOT NEED IT TO SEND MY FACEBOOK MESSAGES!
Was working fine but now all links seem to open in their built-in browser which frequently points you to download apps through Google playstore. Adware is all it is!
The last update was better .-.
Do NOT want Facebook activating the speaker on my phone to track what I'm listening to or watching. This is crossing the line and I have uninstalled from my phone. I will access from my computer from now on. If I could give this a negative star rating I would.
Why does Facebook need all these permissions??? Facebook is used for "Social Media" Not to f**king stalk people. QUIT SELLING INFORMATION ABOUT PEOPLE $#!+BERG
Lovely
Excelent
Why does every update seem to be worse than the previous?
Google+
I want to open the app and see my news feed the way I want to see it. I don't want to have slide all the way to the more tab and tap most recent every single time.
Really horrible!! Plz fix this nd mke the messaging systeme here only as i requires another 27mb of space in internal phone memory !!! Plz i beg u to fix dis _/\_...
This app is good. Now I can't watch any videos it keeps on stopping at one point can u guys fix it on my sony xperia z
Too much permissions..
Get rid of the messenger app!  It's completely stupid!
Ok
Font size is too large.
Really Hated It!!! Hello google where's marks without star?

These permissions and abilities you give Facebook aren't automatic. They're used by the user. They only access the stuff that you access. Obviously.
I love it bc you can keep contact with all your friends.
A great way to get intouch
Fix the video mine is not loading an error has occured please fix!!!!!!
Glitchy. Closes on its on. Randomly logs me out. Constant crashes.
nice app
My experia e1 automatically updated and now Facebook will not install, come on.
Lovit
It would be nice if you could edit files in groups like you can on the web. There's no option to click edit.
This last update freezes and exits the app frequently.. Facebook is not enjoyable anymore with all these problems and invasion of privacy. I wouldn't even give it a star but 1 was as low as you can go.
Gull
Its on top of the world
Keep in with family and friends.
Nice all lover all the best
Good
It not working every time I click on it put me back to my home screen
Samsung galaxy s 2 bad version
Can't see there msgs so 2 star is too much if i can see msgs then i will give 5
Somepeople say its their life
Can't play videos or Nuttin since new update
This update sucks. Y'all need to listen to your users
Did I just see a home screen notification on my xperia Z??  - Don't know for sure though... Half slept when I saw it...
Much prefer the previous version. Also annoyed that it updated even though I had automatic update turned off.
kenape niy
Perfect
Khan
Ditto.....
Seriously, I'm with everyone else asking the same question. Why do you need access to so much on my phone? My husband brought this to my attention and I'm glad he did. Removing from phone. Stop asking for so much and I'll consider reinstalling.
Anyone know why fb has been down all day?
Love it! Except the whole messenger scenario. Make it so you message people using normal face book, then you get 5 stars
Alhamdulil lah
I love it!!!
Nazo nazo
Well it won't let me put videos up on my Facebook and idek why.. and I dont like how the timeline is set up
Its wonderful
Cant watch videos that haVe been.posted they keep cutting out
Exelle
Excellent
You continue to release updates that take more and more memory and power. Your app is becoming more and more unusable. Takes forever to load. I want to use my phone for things other than facebook. Need to find a new alternative to the facebook intrusion.
This is an my rights to privacy. Will have leave face book and there apps if this is not removed this app
Facebook
flexibility
Goodline
There might be some logical reasoning for the need to get all the information off my  phone...  But  even  then,  I want  the option to confirm it.  There is no need to do things without my confirmation. For  example,  like changing contacts information or recording audio. I also don't like that it has access to my camera...  Not necessary. I've had this app for years, never realized all that so I just deleted it.
Connection
this app invades too much privacy it can read messages on your texts read your call logs and send messages and calls it can alter info on your sd card as well, it used to be fine but now Facebook can watch what we do through our personal phone cameras and listen through our microphones,this has gone way too far, hope you guys know it's not just the messenger app that does this, Twitter Facebook instagram and vine all access this too, welcome to the early beginnings of the government take over
2 much info grabbing, much like the US government
Love
Appu & Ammu
Very good
I like face book
Udz
Stupid decision.  I am not getting another app for messages.
It ok I guess
Everytime when i click the video on facebook,my xperia z cannot read complete
Invasion of privacy!  FB is full of bullshit now a days
The previous update eliminate the ability to change privacy once a status or share has been posted. Please look into it. Thanks.
High qualities
Older Facebook updates are way better new one sucks
So cool
Hmmmmm....
Good innovation
Bhakuwal
Cool
no great loss
it gd
If I can't msg without the spy app and all this drama no! No! No!, let's move on
Owo it's nice
the best
I see no need to have messenger. Thinking of getting rid of app all together and just logging on 'old school'
Luv it
Prour
Loved it
Can't get pics! Can't see videos!
The overall app is okay but there are a few bugs which still need to be fixed. I would say the only thing that needs to be improved is the messaging bored and the "easy to use" video and picture uploder. I think if they had a download video feature that would be awesome cause I love vine videos and it would be good to have it in my gallery.
Be boss  yes
Kunal pandey
Worst update plz fixed
Can't watch videos anymore....what gives? Also, what is with the separate messenger app? Seriously, thinking about getting rid of this waste of time app now
Best
You know what it suckssss!
Easy to navigate
After update chat option not working askig for install fb messenger :( I don't like fb messenger
......
Love it!
Effective way of communication
So slow in loading. Get post days later after posted.
Not that great.....Not that bad... Average
Not too bad, but definitely prefer using FB on a PC or Laptop, rather than this mobile app. Security being the main reason.
Facebook needs replaced
Excellent
How many updates does it follows , like there is an update every bloody week
I don't like the seperate FB messenger. I like it all in the same app.
Cool
Notified there's 3 birthdays today but the link only shows tomorrows and rest not today's! Not helpful!
This is a good social apps for connecting pipuls.
Awful app. Crashes when I open links and crashes in general. Generally slow and repetitive app
Good
Hungup Update update runs for several hours "waiting for network"
Yuhuu
New update sucks. App cloeses after 5 seconds.
It is too much slow all apps which installed.. work good.. but fb... going too much bad... :( :(
DOWNTOWN LOS ANGELES
I love Facebook this is ameging app
Not only do I have to go to most recent every time I open the app it randomly stops playing videos.. I don't care what happened 3 days ago, when I open the app I want to see what is recently posted... Also having to restart videos over and over is really frustrating
Facebook forces it's users to download a second app to use its messaging service. I practically see more advertisements than posts. The messenger app is designed to collect information from your phone to sell to marketers. Thanks for caring about your users. You know, the ones that made the development of this app possible. I realise that the goal is to make money which is fine. But to blatantly ignore your users feedback and sell their information is taking advantage of them.
Why can it be like it used to be smh !!!!
What a load of crap
since i updated fb yesterday none of the videos on my feed will work. i keep getting an error. before this update they would work but usually freeze my fb app and shut down. maybe if you weren't spending your time policing Facebook (literally) your app wouldn't suck
I was looking for my video album... N ya I can't see it.. Am I doing something wrong.. Or it is not displaying my video album..??
Don't know how to get ou this
greatest website
Slow as a snail. Frustrating at times
Lovee
I can't copy any written post. Please fix it....
Essential
This is now a data mining application. No need to have all of these permissions. Uninstalling immediately.
Good app
Great
The app crashs down every 3 mins and I have to restart it again :s
Facebook is the best becuse it keeps me updated  and meet friends I have miss for a longtime
Newsfeed isn't up to date ... I want to see today's update not 2 days ago update....cant edit a comment...cant delete a comment...holy crap everything ....and this app uses a lot  of RAM Memory...it is too big App for smaller devices....I dnt wanna even rate 1 star...bt its impossible to comment without rating...so I rated it 1 star...
There is absolutely no reason for you to ask for access to almost my entire phone. Haven't you ever hear of privacy???
I like the app but when i turn on the app it takes a grip just to sign in
New update finally let's you reply to comments. This is what I wanted, this is now worthy of 5 stars! :)
Loved it
Since the recent update I cannot open a link. I have to tap the three dots on the upper right corner and open in the internet. I don't think it is supposed to work like that. Its annoying!
Videos won't play since latest update.
Feed freezes while scrolling through it. Good functionality when, but this bug makes the rating just ok.
Recent update is beyond laggy and freezes constantly then force closes.
Wow!
Why separate message app????
Best App
Forecloses and backs out
Using facebook in Google Chrome is better than the app and less memory intensive
No privacy at all. I hate that people can see when you are online. Bullshit.
Barely does what it says on the tin. Doesn't order comments by thread, doesn't highlight my own or friends comments.   Posts often fail to load, can't watch videos without it crashing with an unknown error.   It's like they aren't even trying to be honest, it's not like they can't afford the best app programmers in the world, yet they churn out tripe like this time after time.
Sorry but you have to be kidding with all the information you want. Unninstalled
Can't see pictures on tablet
Not working fast please do something I am using Wi-Fi then also
Its not loading anything. I kee getting error messages.
Good app
Cool Facebook app
My communicator
Pretty
aliakbar
I dont like this app because its just like the new messenger app..it can access your txt messages, record calls, etc..
LOVE IT!
Nice...
We want fb's ios design in android too.
Awesome
Gud
sucks
Nice one
People kmo ore where we are all day
It's so awesome!! Now i can communicate with my love ones through this!!!
Pictures don't load, comments rarely work, and the permission level is insane. I can live without Facebook...and probably will very soon.
It takes over a minute to load the login screen now, and I can't read measages without getting another app. These just don't feel like improvements. :(
Why fb is forcing its users to download fb messanger. Which is a complete trash. And why it takes lots of time to load the pics. Please bring back the old fb.
Slow
Its has some problems
This app is very cool
Does no one test this before updating?
all the time that i play facebook i alway happy.
Very nice apps
Am uninstalling fcbk too.
I love it
Good one
Super app
Mantap
Ned more up
Its a great app
Great network
Awesome
Super.
Luv it, its jus better...
Good
When i open the app. It say setting up facebook..
Better use it in UC browser or opera.. This app consumes too much of memory and ram.. When u r online also,, u will be shown as offline..
Facebook is the best app in the world
Good
nice
Ok
Not giving you access to my camera and microphone at any time you please.
This app  really help me to save my memories....and could find new friends and old friends...thanks to developers
Love it
its getting old nd it need a nearby ppl search
Why is it we can't view or see the album description? that feature is available when I used or open facebook in my desktop? fix it please...
Very good loving
Nice
When I open it,it says setting up Facebook,then when I reached the log in screen it closes and says Facebook has stopped.Please fix it my dad won't let me use computer..using my uncle's account
Excellent keep improving
Good
When I try to log in it says unexpected error ALWAYS. Pls fix this and I will give 5 stars
Nice
my facebook
I like it but it does not sound or alarm whenever there are new notifications and messages.
Ready to conect
Awesome
This updated facebook app is a joke. Refuses to upload anything on wifi but will work fine on 4G. And this whole messenger app now is ridiculous. Since when did facebook become so complicated. Really disliking it. Let's go back to the MySpace days where you could do whatever you wanted to your page and it worked great.  Facebook has become so lame. What happened to the original vision from the creators.
Like it
Great app but occopies lot of phone memory
Can you include custom user sharing option (include' exclude users)  in mobile app as in web version. Thanks
Awesome
Grand
it s gud app
ok
Unless you install their horrible messenger app, which requires permission to access every personal detail on your device. Absolutely disgusting
Coooooool app
Hate the new update.. fb wants me to download seperate app to chat so that i can flood my fone wid fb apps...horrible!
Sucks
super love it
Good
good
Good
GOOD
Jatt
It can comunicate with my friend even we apart from each other.. Really a good app.. Never had an issue..
superb
Liked it meet my best friends
Why does it have to take up so much space? Please allow this application to be moved sd card and i will give you a perfect rating. Please fix this! Please. Please. Please.
Awesome
Facebook not responding
Gud app
Ok

Loving it
...
This is the only social media I even use because I honestly don't care to go make different profiles on 5 different sites that all essentially do the same thing, but with permissions getting to what they are, and the fact that I can't even see my messages on my phone unless I get the messenger is fucked up. Also, everything about the messenger is fucked up, there is no reason to even have a separate app for it, it worked fine with messages in it before, and you there's no reason to need all this info.
I wrote a bad review for this previously because of the messenger bullshit i uninstalled this and now I'm reinstalling cuz I'm a FB addict lol. Yeah i know pretty sad right. Oh well still won't install foucking messenger but i need my FB.
Cute .
I don't want you to know all the personal info you require...
All updates seem to make experience less enjoyable  with each one - as soon as you start post seem random & not recent. Not happy with needing another app just to see a message. Find myself using other social media & using this less & less with each update
Poor very poor app anymore runs very slow and all they other problems
Works ok
Perfect for me showing my children through Facebook to my entire family thanks
Excellent
I don't want to download messenger but I can't read my inbox messages through the fb app which I think is ridiculous.
:)
Jjjjjjjj
Good but slows mobile
Its an awsome app
Really connecting friends
I can't read my messages anymore in the app. FB forces me to install a separate app for that. No thank you! I do not want yet another messenger app on my phone. My simple solution for this is to stop using FB on my phone.
Good updates for Kit kat
Connected to people I haven't seen in years. FB can be habit forming LOL
I can't search about any # about any subject
Can't play video. Fix it first.
Facebook
superb application
After the last update every video i try to watch says "cannot play video." Unknown system error occured. Hope this gets fixed.
In Micromax android 4.2  Facebook turns off when video clicked. This is since last upgrade of the app
I mean What the hell
I updated the app and now it won't open.
Nice app
Wonderful
App keeps crashing my phone, takes a lifetime to load and you know it's bad when your web browser version is much quicker.. Needs a complete overhaul.. Safe to say this app is uninstalled with immediate effect!
When use this app 100 mb is wast it's better than using in browser
Facebook is not part of life ......life is a part of Facebook ....(for me)...
Some video on the facebook cannot open! Please fix this for my device Xperia sp c5302
I mean why should I use messenger to text if I could do the same with this app but now they moved texting to the messenger. This is really bad Facebook.  You forced us to use your messenger app. 
Ur my idol!
Good app
Its Awesome
Nice application... for andoriod
(Y)
it has its problems butt it unites people together this a good thing use it properly God sees all
Nice app
Plz fix this I love to download video.thanx reminder
I love fb
Nice app but fix some bugs.
Good
I dont like that you have to download a app to message people irs takes up more storage
Like it
New update is worst... Now every second it hangs..
-
I don't have the most recent type of phone, so the messenger app isn't even an option for me since it takes up too much space. And as for this Facebook app, it just keeps getting worse by being more slow because its just requiring more space. I can honestly say Facebook isn't worth all these struggles and i would rather just use the browser. Goodbye app. I don't need you.
Come on it close alone when I'm on fb rly bad
The time doesnt match to this app
Nice features updated.. expect more... (Y)
I cant copy the text plz fixed it ...
Mobile Web version way better.....
Nce
Cant play videos because an error screen pops up now and that is frustrating as hell. PLEASE FIX ASAP!!! I hate the new layout, I miss the old facebook. That was simple and easy to use. And as far as the messanger goes... people dont have room for both these big apps on their phones along with the other b.s. we have. Soo moving messaging to a seperate app was completely stupid. Beginning to hate this app. So overrated.
It's a great apps,
Like it.. super like this apps..
Super
Nice apps
New update is good.  And good work
Always not responding and force close. And i wanna see new post not old post.
good
Jesjjd
Nice version
Nice application
Bagus
Good
Love it
Verygood
Good app work fine on my Samsung Galaxy S5.
Playing FB videos with the app is too crashy. When playback is done the app forces to close. Your saying that updates includes performance stability and faster is totally not true! It is slower and hangs-up from time to time...
I should'nt have to give fb I stsr to comment on this messenger crap! I know your liying when you say you have a large following! Thats BS! Messenger is horrible I dont get yesterdays posts until 2am the next day!  I refuse to upload messenger!!!!!!
TIWANA
Too many frequent updates are causing my space to run out..it already used alottt of space just to put the initial fb app on my phone
Giii
Why doesnt FB leave well enough alone...The mobile app with the messenger built in was much nicer than this junky update!...I find myself sending messages far less than the previous version..Please FB change back to the older version!!!
won't let me watch video's , won't let me read comments and won't let me post stautes
love it
This doesn't have the ability to share a picture on comments like the one you have if you open facebook using your browser.
Good
Sucks and then sucks some more.
Yes
Nigga ! -.-
Handsome Man
I deleted the app because it too slow i download it and then when its installing theres unknown error
Chat still separate app
Unnecessary permission requests. I loves Facebook until now!
Doesn't even let me open the App. It just loads and force closes.
Very good
Why remove messenger you have failed me
Garbage! Deleted it from my galaxy s3 and it's as if I have a new phone. Unbelievable how much background nonsense was going on. Do yourselves a favour and use Facebook mobile website..... I will not download messenger when the app should provide this inclusive
if u don't get a signal on Wi-Fi this app shuts now time to uninstall it after i thought it was working
your last update is not successful.. when i open my fb its says 'setting up facebook' below the loading sign.. it took so long that cause an iritation to us.. this happened since i install ur new update.. pls fix this.. this is not successful.. pls make sure first the quality of your app if its ok bfore you out in the market..
Anytime i respond to any posts , i end up with a blank screen.... crappy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
w
Horrible app , keep getting -24 download error and will not allow download LG G2 , terrible app
Not working after last update
Setting up facebook loading screen takes to long
Great
I dont hate it i just don't like how long it takes to get logged in . Just stop updating it and stick with what there is .
Love it
good good good
They're asking for a whole lot more info than they need. I'll visit on browser version and preserve some little bit of my privacy.
Great app.. easy to use
Microphone, camera and contact access without consent. That is ridiculous!
You take away the integrated messenger and instead add an integrated browser? Where's the logic in that? In app browser claims to be faster than chrome but that's a blatant lie. Page wouldn't load after a minute, opened on chrome and it came up immediately.
please Fix
I tried to download the new Facebook app a couple of times but my phone freezes up this is the only app I have where my phone freezes up when I download it none of my other apps do it so I'm going to uninstall again because it seems that my phone Facebook leads to update this app again because it sucks really bad
Why do you need two apps that have such ridiculous permissions?  Deleted.
Facebook Messenger that's why I gave it a 3
Can't download Facebook app because there always a error code 919 or 43
Nice Nice Thanks u so much
i love the new version of facebook for android. .
Good
Now I can't even play videos with the hell man. Please fix this bug
Very very useful one and best communicator
Installed but error, had to uninstall n install again... .still pathetic
Unknown Error
Bakwas
Really
Last update fixed the non-functioning video issue so i gave you two more stars. Thankyou for fixing it.
On my xperia z video keeps stopping and saying error getting on my nerves PLZ FIX
Hardly nessary and waaaay to muxh access to personal information! Nov. 1 Imdone!!!
I want to read my messages without downloading the app
Ilove this app
Facebook
Quite dispointing.
Make it easier to switch between mssngr and main page. Tired of browser crash because of data overload from this.
please fixed when i open my fb said sitting wait don't like this please fixed because very slow always wait  wait thanks
Can't log in tells me number is wrong and its the number they sent to my cell phone.  Very frustrating, liked it until today.
Facebook app crashed my phone so I'm reinstalling it.
Good
ARE YOU KIDDING ME NO MORE FB MESSENGER
Since I accepted an upgrade to my phone, the Facebook app disappeared. I tried downloading it again but it came up as an incompatibility fault. What is going on?  My experience of 'upgrades' is that I the consumer have to make do with less functionality.
Don't want messenger
Now freezes when trying to load pictures..  Galaxy Note 3
Very good app for photo upload .
Excellent
Super
It wont let me play videos
Can't get my videos to play anymore
Nice
Very good

Keeps crashing
It books yo' face.
& my download pictures Fabulous!!!!
I luv it
Awful
Best
Excellent
HEYYYYYYYYY????????   I'm so mad!!!!! Like are u serious  WHY WON'T VIDEOS  PLAY?????
Should be able to pick and choose
Facebook
Thanks for active connection from Facebook. Now we can reply to the comments like the web version.
What can I say, it's the best. Facebook is a way to stay connected to family, friends and the news the news that go on around the world and much more #...
It gets better after 1, 000, 000, 000, times update. 1star.

Wonderfull
Garbage on tablets. And now when you open links in facebook, it opens the link from an internal browser. Wont let you leave the Facebook app.
Zzzzg53@com sa
Laggy, buggy, annoying, unresponsive; the negative adjectives I could use for this app are pretty much endless. My advice - delete and use another app or the mobile site
Is good
Facebook is stupid:/
Assume
I cant watch any video's from any page/people
very slow,,,
Fully timepass past friendship was regenerating
Runs so slow now. Can't comment anymore. Makes my whole cell slow which makes me think app is all up in ALL my cell. Fix it !!!!
Facebook is becoming horrible when ever we like a photo when it is already open it gt liked and as soon as we close like also get disliked....and iphone's facebook app is such a cool app against it this one is downmarket...
What happened fb you were kinda cool but now you want to know everything about me and my phone. Your worse than the government!!!! Is Obama paying you to get all this info on us?!?!?!?
It's been three days, whatever change you made, messed up the ability to play videos. Please fix!
I love Facebook and the app is awesome
I should have a choice if I want to use it and when I did it messes up my ring tones and eats my battery
Love it so much
But need imrovement
I like it
Keeps crashing and its an invasion of privacy
Abuse of privacy!!!
Why Y'all Niggas need my info for you stupid hoes fuckberg ugly
Don't know about Facebook yet I was told I can get free tickets to play tpir bingo
Good
GPS permissions? Messenger? You just did an update that jacked up every game on my phone. Thanks. You guys are not listening to customers. We don't need you. Uninstalled.
Best Social application on Android.
First, this app is entirely too invasive. Then, it doesn't even work correctly half the time, so why keep it. I honestly wish I could delete it permanently from my phone.
Its one of the most essential app for all. I like the app but it needs more speed up.
Good
Please fix force close !
Bad
opos 9a eprepe na htan ^.^
Can't view my messages because I don't have the messenger app and dont want it.  Needs to be fixed!!
These permissions are a joke. I'll stick to the website. One reason for constant updates is to filter out bad comments. Sad sad sad.
All of the sudden videos don't play, just a notice there is an unknown problem can't play video. It worked fine just hours ago.
Nice
I hate the new update. I have to swip away my comment to get to my unlock screen. This new update took over my phone.
:)
I love it
I wish that it would stop crashing lets hope updates beter fb junki
I'm doing this out of spite
Great for keeping in touch with your family
I'm not sure why you need oh so many accesibilities but you won't be getting it from me! Take away messenger!!
Because it takes too long to load. Fix it please
None of the videos will play!
Good
Great motion
Good
This app is good
Nice
Videos are not loading up. It says, An error occurred while trying to view video. This really sucks, i liked watching everyone doing the ice bucket challenges and now i can't. I should've never updated it. Please fix!!!!
I'm sorry but why the hell does Facebook need to know the ins and outs of everything. Why do you need to be able to start recording things without the other persons consent or knowledge and take pictures? Why the hell do you want to access messaging and call log as well as GPS? It pretty much is a complete invasion of our privacy and its a bit creapy that when I'm on Facebook, you can take a picture of me. Sort it out or I'll delete it!! You'll be losing out on money anyway..
Too good
But after the update ..when i top to tag my photo it always hang ...please fix it...
Facebook is a good social media network.
I don't want a separate ap forced on me. I like it how it is, also... I don't want to be available 24/7 because I have this ap.
Nice app
Nice to know you
The shortcut to the good friend
Forcing you to install fb messanger for you to be able to open and chat with your friends really sucks.
Think Facebook requires too much personal information
Like the app but should not have to.download messager when I can just go to my Facebook app why take up more room when don't need to. And when I try to go to my messages it will not let me in now with out trying to make me download messager
Ever since the update went through, any video I click on in FB says "Something Went Wrong. Cannot Play Video"
"an unknown error has occored"         fix please. I try to watch any video, it will play for 7 seconds; if I'm lucky.
Love fb until now i can not even watch the videos .. Wth FIX PLEASE! ! !
Love i t
It run to slow
cool
This app became useless after the update, it can no longer play a straight video. keeps on getting an unknown error, worst. I hate it,, if only there is another facebook app here,, im not going to use this

Well this facebook isn't to bad.
I loved it
OK!
Another sick update
I love it
09850412

09850412
09850412
Cool!!!
I've just updated my Sony Xperia e1 to android 4.4.2 kitbag and will not install saying (incompatible update) but was working before  Not impressed at all as Google play says my device is compatible  Someone please help if possible
Why do we need2 apps to send a message.. if this doesn't get fixed soon I will be deactivating Facebook and find an alternative app.
Always
Ok but there is a problem..i cannot see the comments in my photos
Fix the messenger bs...
Best way to keep in touch..share memories and make new ones. Mainly one of the  best way s of spreading Gods word.
Would have done four but this has been to crazy and lost alot of pictures and this upset me
No one should have my personal info except me fb is has gone governmental
Good app
Video error!!!!  Constantly since update!!!!
Since the last update to this app it's really gone haywire. All notifications in group messaging and on the wall and home page are being received but not showing on the main threads. Sort it please
It's fine. Just stop messing with it. I hate that you are forcing others to download the messenger app. I refuse  to download it.
For some reason you need to know everything about me....I have a 8" penis
app doesnt launch, setting up facebook takes forever its ridiculous!!! do some work or just stay home
FIX THE MESSENGER! You know your in the wrong! Your loosing people using the app so why do it! This should have imediately been fixed. I dont understand why you would do this
my videos dont play!!
People are commenting and getting notifications of them but Fb is not showing me them updated today
The only problem is that you need messenger plz fix
Kool!!
Just updated my experia e1 and Facebook won't download!
worst fb app ever.fix this crap
Why have upgrade my facebook when something new comes around on facebook or downloading messager from facebook i don't have that much space on my phone to put facebook messager app on my phone and fix these upgrades to facebook ok. Fix all these little bugs on facebook ok .
its no good
Says not enough storage for update but checked and I have plenty of space
Love this app. Keeps me connected to family and friends
Es ,,,,
Owsam
Good but slow
super apps
The most invasive, useless application to me, since I have no gain in giving FB access to ALL, my phone files. What is in it for me?
Its just like any other facebook
I love it .don't have any complaints
Why the heck I need to install facebook messenger???
Facebook has pretty much hit the nail on the head with an easy-to-use and intuitive mobile app. Its so easy, I almost feel like I'm using Facebook on my desktop computer. The only problem is how the "Most Recent" feed is hidden so deep in the context menus. Once this is fixed, this will become a 5-star review.
"Life is a thin line between night and day".
Software update has deleted Facebook app & after 30 minutes waiting for download it says incompatible! Please fix this!
Since  the last update, I can no longer access my account on my G4. Its tells me "wrong email address".
Facebook rating
Why so many permissions????????
WTH! 2014, still can't play HD Video. T.T
Asina20
love it. always on it
But i hate mesenger  why it is complusary on cell to chat ???
It's  the best I love it
This app is literally forcing me to download messenger so I can interact with my friends and family. Eventhough it knows that messenger gives away our privacy!!
This app is 
Killed with last update, constantly says setting up, never opens.

Uninstalling if permissions are not lowered
Nice
Baby
I can no longer tag friends in my status!!
In love and happy
If any of you thought a company was REALLY  stalking you but,  you still downloaded it anyways, company has the right to tell us you're the dummies they are after IF NOT just stupidity co-dependant
it's Nice apps
Updates do not work with my phone. I think myspace might be coming back. Fix it! If i could i would rate this a zero.
Since the update I can't watch videos
You ask for too much access to my privacy... get your own life. Goodbye fb app! Smh
08033629168
Loved it
Every time I click into the app it goes into white screen.
Welcome everyone to reality
Every video I try to watch won't  play
None of the pics show up in my newsfeed. Fix that.
Moving the messaging feature to a second app was nowhere near necessary. Won't be using it.
Not secure
I have tried many times to upload a video. It wouldnt upload and wouldn't let me check my Facebook. I tried to uninstall and reinstall. Still won't work after many attempts. Also hate the new messenger.
,
Now videos don't load I have good internet connection so I know its nothing to do with that... It's says unknown error has occured
Great
Hate fb
I can't tag people like I could at fisrt. The iPad app is much better.
Lekker cool man, soos braaivleisvuur. Lekker barbeque.
Why do I have to download the messenger app to read my message? I don't even want that shit as finding it very annoying... This is crap bloody stalker... delete Facebook soon if this how it going to works
This neww update works very slowly...Bring Back the old version n wht is this messenger why we are force toh download it plz fix it..
After I download the massenger it made my tablet crash. Also even after I un installed it it only got worse. Now my FB does not want to work at all. Its like I have been punished for getting rid of it. I got rid of it do to you have the right to sell my personal stuff to a 3rd party used in the messenger.
I aint using messenger..
A place to get together and be informed.
App keeps closing everytime I open it
That's nice
I don't like that we have to have a separate app for chat. Plus facebook is asking for to much personal information. I miss the old facebook and want it back.
latest update is just silly
First FB was hailed for an all-in-one social app.  Now it is being unbundled and sold as all new apps. Do not be brainwashed.  There is no need for yet another social app that claims to be all new but is merely functions of what phones already have been able to do for years now.
I don't get notifications on post i comment or anything I'm tagged on? -Boost Mobile Max
Download
Facebook us ruined since the last update, just gonna stick with bbm now
It works!!!
Cause.
Facebook is no longer allowing me to post videos & I just updated the app Please Fix This !
Facebook is a really good think
So slow
Just hope to can cut and past the posts
It's  cool
There is no true way to keep your info private. This is done according to Facebook to keep things safe, but in true reality is all done to disclose info to various companies that are affiliated with Facebook.
Not bad
Love it
Fb. Great my
But updating time and again is not acceptable!
To many permissions, uses way to much RAM, and taking messages away facebook is now the site we all use with the app we all hate.
Bad bad bad loading old news feed
Great
Khan
Can't mute posts. 22MB of laggyness and a resource hogger.
Unable to install says not compatible since installed kit kat
I just wish it came with more dinner rolls.
Very very slow connection :(
Facebook keeps stopping,  and logging me out.
Its the best so far
What   up      love
There was a previous update where i would get notifications while my phone was locked? I like that feature, why did you remove it. And i use to love messenger but now  I deleted it because of all the rumors of privacy. Please fix!
Update incompatible
Can't Like anything or comment anymore.
Facebook
Keeps freezing and lagging after like 30 seconds of use. What the hell. Fix it facebook, every time you fix something you break something else
Hey
Not too good
Pictures are not showing up at all after the update. Pictures that people posted or even anyone's profile pictures. Absolutely no pictures load at all.
It doesnt allow me to watch FB videos. Infact when i try to open any video, it throws me out. Poor app
I hate this
Requires to many permissions. .
Update....cant play any videos on my galaxy s2 now on fb....worked fine before and can play other saved videos on my phone in other apps but NOT FB!!!!!!
Have things come up and I don't know them or ask for them.
Too many permissions, and we cannot even write or read messages...  for that there is another app, which also requires far too many permissions.
1. News feed resets to top stories all the time. 2. Needs to sort comments and show replies accordingly. 3. Doesn't show album comments. 4. Can't edit location on pictures.
Bring the messenger function back!!! Low end device like mine cant use the messenger app which use alot of ram
Its just ok
:)
Why the hell do you need my contacts, private information and access to my microphone? so many adds thanks for selling out.
Don't understand all the permissions.  Why you need tho kno my contacts and where im at?  #fbstalkers#government control
Good social app.
You had me until you required me to download a completely separate app just to view/ use my inbox. Even worst, you want access to my entire phone life for a freaking msg. Not cool, I'll pass.
No words to describe the frustration.
Musthafa.acharambuth
More knowladge
Good
Very enjoyable
DANIEL PAUL ANDELIN .. Aka Skip NOLA
This new version need to upgrade a lot more
Unable to set timeline preferences easily
Won't load it sucks
Officially uninstalled facebook. I have a Galaxy S2, and since this update, i haven't been able to play videos off facebook. Not very happy with that. Please fix
Here lately Facebook app is crappy! Keeps freezing on me and I have to back out every single time. Fortunately im not one of the people thats had the messenger forced on them yet but when I do message it also keeps freezing and takes forever to even send or type something. Its very inconvenient. All these updates are getting a bit ridiculous considering they make nothing better.
Totally intrusive
Still freezing problems
Rtfy
Not real pleased with the latest update....it's stuck won't move off a post I tried looking at 3 hours ago!!!!
I like it and very usefull apps
Worst update ever!
The latest update ruined the app. Everything takes forever to load, switching to messenger is a hastle and unnecessary. No videos play. Its slowing down my phone alot too.
Can't see "Friendship".
J
Tried installing on my new tablet and will only read "setting up Facebook", I have on the same tablet before and it worked fine.  Very disappointed
Facebook video get stuck while watching videos .
It good
I've updated my phone and it's saying that it's an incompatible update please sort this out soon
Really didn't like having to download a separate app. Just to use messaging.
Improvement always welcomed!
I am a man who has been a while, but I think I have a great day. I am a little bit of a new one, and I am not a problem
I like this app
Great fun
Facebook app automatically deleted with last update and is now 'incompatible' with phone
Super cool
I can see the most recent posts.
Well, honestly, facebook ideas was usefull for me to connect with my fam and friend. I just hope facebook keep its purity to connect peoples.
Great
In the description of the app it still says I'm able to message friends using this app, but as we all know that is no longer a feature offered from this app, so please either put it back or remove it from the list of features included in the app information I believe it is now considered false advertising
My videos won't play past 7 seconds.. Please fix bug for 5 star rating
Brilliant
Considering removing myself from Fakebook entirely. I have heard the new messaging app is so they can be even more invasive.
It was an okay app , but for some reason it stopped loading for a while, the news feed wouldn't update, and my notifications were the same .but before that it was an awesome app . I give it a 3
Marverlous
John Lang
I wish there was an alternative to fb. These nosey **** shouldn't be aloud to get away with it.
it is a vwry good app havnt had any problems
Nite123456
Quits working sometimes needs a lil work it freezes
U don't need all that stuff unless you doing extermination on us again
Very usefull social meediea
Since it updated yesterday, it keeps crashing and freezing!  Please get it togther... uggggh
It doesn't update its slow and I get last news
Run funny sometimes
A lot of fun I spend most of my time and data on Facebook if you don't have facebook I advise you to get it it is simple to use it is easy to use even for someone like me that has trouble reading great app and they have updates quite a bit keep it up Facebook
Total waste of time just collecting data slows the phone down stops other apps opening all the time messenger can't be turned off only deleting it allows other apps to open properly. Rubbish is the only word u can use for this app now better app on iPad.
I need to get back into my originals Please help
Why don't I have the new design on my Nexus 5?
there is really no need to move the messagea into a whole new app
on Android galaxy s5 you can't send wall post to a private message  like on the iPhone
Since new software update on Sony experia,  it has deleted Facebook app and won't let me download again!!!!!!!!! Fix!!!!!
Since the last update it simply does not work, just freezes and fails to close.
Freezes often & will not automatically show most recent posts by friends. Also, when I watch a video it often sends me to the top again! I hate the new FB :-|
Please make an option to block app invites on Facebook. MYSPACE DID IT!
Eb
Nice
Ive recently downloaded the messenger app and uninstalled the Messenger app. I installed the m.app again since I couldn't view my pms and now Facebook won't open!!!!!! And plus, I would have the messenger app and Facebook together on my tablet BUT I can't open my other apps!!!  FIX THIS PLEASE AND WHY DOES FACEBOOK REQUIRE SO MUCH PERMISSION S LIKE THE MESSENGER APP?????!??!?!?!!!!??!?? THIS APP SUCKS!!!!!!
Awful service ! Why does it require all of these  permissions of access ?
Its a very good entratiner
It a lot of poo
Great
i miss the old facebook
I honestly hate this app for my phone. It says that it only takes up like, what? 14.00mb to download? YET. Whenever I go to click on it, it said I needed to clear up space on my phone. I had like, 40+ mb on my phone, and it went down to .6mb. Like, wtf facebook
I can't even open the goddamn app anymore
Facebook is really going along with more fixes and new features
Thank you Facebook Team
Gg nice app
Took me two hours to go through the privacy settings to minimise the broadcasting of my private info. Have reduced my contacts list so all my friends info is not accessible to fb snooping either. Looking for an app that is less effort.
Dear fb i found u updates but i was unable to find the solution of my problem ...(no internet connection)
Messenger is useless
Hate it....play videos problem
I cant read my messages in my inbox without the fb messenger app and I don't wanna download the messenger app fix it and ill put it back to five stars until then its staying at two stars
Super fast
I love Facebook
Keeps freezing....have to restart phone just to unfreeze app....messenger should be included in app not a separate download....ugh!
Forcing me to use another app to message. Pass
I think this app is best for communicate .
It fucken sucks
Cool
You have no reason to be geting that much info to run an app...Change it up or Ill leave facebook for good
Anmol jannat
You're better off using your web browser, facebook is like cholesterol for your phone. Everytime you post anything fb stores it to your phone yet you can't see it therefore you can't delete it. It fills up your storage fast and it keeps shutting down my phone and causing it to freeze. I always have to "force stop" facebook needs a new face for their sorry book
Woke tenan
Why are we forced to download messenger app when it's more convenient to be within the fb app
Nice apps good very  very good
Seperate app for messaging is retarded! Permissions are insane!!!
Since the new update the app never works. News feed never loads and it takes ten minutes for one picture to upload. Not cool. Plz fix!
71124371
Very good
It's pretty slick
facebook
Superb
It is goooood SAP and save time
Not updating Fb because I want my privacy! Too many dumb changes to the app & I dnt feel comfortable at all...
No complaints here. Lol
Slow, locks up. Oh, did I mention it's S L O W! Looking forward to ReaganBook coming online.
It was good until you had to download the messenger.
Rahim
No more privacy!!!
This new version sucks. If I could give it 1/2 star I would. This app uses way too much battery !  It also wants to be able to make calls and texts. Why would they need that ?
Hey
Why on earth does the pictures page rotate to portrait on a tablet (Galaxy tabpro 12.2).  Surely with all the android tablets out there they can't think that everyone looks at a page in landscape then switches to portrait all the time? I want the page displayed the way I'm holding my tablet!
Since the update my Facebook now connects for 3 seconds then shuts itself off !! I've tried restarting my phone to no avail. Why can't they leave things alone, if this continues then I will be deleting the app & Facebook will lose another client . Sort it out !!!!
It's a lotta Hataz on here so beware lmao!!!!!!
Good
lov fb
Message app

I havent seen one comment more then 3 stars. Stupid me,  i should have read all the negative feed back before updating. Can u uninstall an update? Fb is awesome but sometimes less is more.  I would like to see them make a suggestion app on it so people like me thats on everyday can suggest what would b easier.
This sucks it says that there is no wifi when im connected this sucks DO NOT DOWNLOAD plz reply or im  uminstalling
is very good to connect to friends.
It is bad for me. It is using storage space and baterry life. So if u can live chat in facebook app. Or i will uninstall it and will use fb with my web browser. So i think it is not bad for me only. Stupid idea . Unistalled till i can chat in facebook app
Need more interactive interface.
For returning messages to the native app
Awesome
Stupid app won't load just says app loading
It's getting better,  but still turning notifications off is not working properly.  Also still consuming big size of data on the phone store as well as from the active RAM.
Good
If u hating because people get into Facebook put a password on or tablet or phone be smart for a change BTW I love the app
However, it seems every other week you are telling me i need to update the app. How many times do i need to update something when i use it every single day more times then once. It shouldnt need updated so much if its used so much
I love facebook:)
Good
Amezine apps..
In the most recent update i don't like how it opens a link in it's own viewer, not your browser or youtube, its just inconvenient. Also videos keep stopping part way through and won't play properly
Why wont this app play any videos! How can yu access all my info on my phone but yet this app wont even play videos .. thinking about Just deleting facebook in general. This is ridiculous!
Sync all my photos and I would give it a 5
You guys aint slick haha UNINSTALL!!
flowerwhite
Dont force your users to download a separate app to utilize the functionality that was previously built-in to the main app! Messenger still works from the web client & it would work from main app if you didn't intentionally take it out. FB is pretty smug with their market dominance; just remember,  MySpace had the same at one point..you keep acting this way & it will encourage users to switch over once a viable competitor comes along.They'll thank u & u'll only have yourselves to blame!
Is the best app in the world
Best app ever
facebook rating
You
There is no need to move the messenger to a separate app. I uninstalled that. The fb app crashes constantly on my RAZR Maxx . Too many updates messing up what was once a good app
I refuse to allow an app to read my text messages!!! Just wondering how the creators of this app would like someone they didn't know to read their PERSONAL TEXT MESSAGES!!!! I deleted this app from my phone. And refuse to use it!!! People someone create a negative star!!! Oh and record and take pictures. That's called invasion of privacy!!! No longer using facebook!!! Why don't you just give me all your personal info, access to your camera, microphone, contacts, read your text messages etc.
Will not load !!!!!
Some glitches but otherwise good.... Probably to proud to answer other people tho.
Ape2 aje daaa
To much space and to much permission
I have a Droid Ultra.  Facebook is freezing up even more than it was!  It seemed to get better for a few days, then today it keeps freezing up.  Please fix!
Facebook
iWant to install my fb messenger
Love it
Can't tag people who are in a group only lets me tag my friends. Also, I refuse to download new messenger app, put it back in original Facebook app where it belongs!!!
didnt ask for it gonna uninstall
Wonderful
Awesome app
Nyc
fb app closes too often on its own. Fix it plz!
I don't want you to "Auto update " that should be my decision and mine Only. But you don't allow me to switch  off the auto update option. FFS get your shit sorted and for a "social network " site your excessive intrusion into mine and everyone's privacy is becoming more ANTISOCIAL than social.
Enayat
Hey you retards of the Facebook, when do you allow us to read group posts with most recent first? Anyone who rates this with more than 3 stars is a clueless idiot.
Love you
Great app
I love it
Since they updated the new Facebook today it's freezing up really bad. Don't like it
I do not like the fact that my job requires me to have a facebook profile. Mostly because this app requires too much access to my personal information. Further more the need for the messenger app to receive or send messages when I can already do that via texting is superfluous and a waste of data usage. Which means Facebook is now costing me money which defeats the purpose of a "free" membership.
Fb was working fine. Screw messenger and screw Facebook. You guys need to get your act together. Messenger is so retrogressive, why use 2 apps to do what one can do. Jeez!
Love
It works good on htc desire 500
Very good
It's like watching a PowerPoint presentation,  my Sony xperia runs fine on all other apps except facebook
I can't upload videos
It always says Facebook has stopped working
Slow...app long tym before i get open it
Awesome
Facebook
It awsome fast n I saw some friends I hadnt seen in years
Let me see if im crystal clear on this, it claims there are 500 million downloads, but only 19 million people have given a review? 5 star reviews...i can't find any, although there are supposed to be 11 million. takes up way too much space on a phone, poor planning...even poorer execution.
Geez, FB, do you really need access to my Camera, Pics, Videos, GPS, Microphone and browsing history to function. Yeah, not happening.
Occupies so much space. Can not be moved to SD card. Would have given 5 stars.
Im trying to regain my account n every time it goes to the choose sucerity I press submit n it does nothing this is stupid,. Give me my account back and I dont need to download a messanger I dont want it. Again, give me my account back!
:(
Not keen on links opening in-app. Pages don't always load correctly, I can't save them to pocket any more and I sync my open pages over several devices. This should be optional not forced.
thankx
Keeps crashing since update Aug 14
Don't force us to use your messenger. I DO NOT NEED IT TO SEND MY FACEBOOK MESSAGES!
Was working fine but now all links seem to open in their built-in browser which frequently points you to download apps through Google playstore. Adware is all it is!
The last update was better .-.
Do NOT want Facebook activating the speaker on my phone to track what I'm listening to or watching. This is crossing the line and I have uninstalled from my phone. I will access from my computer from now on. If I could give this a negative star rating I would.
Why does Facebook need all these permissions??? Facebook is used for "Social Media" Not to f**king stalk people. QUIT SELLING INFORMATION ABOUT PEOPLE $#!+BERG
Lovely
Excelent
Why does every update seem to be worse than the previous?
Google+
I want to open the app and see my news feed the way I want to see it. I don't want to have slide all the way to the more tab and tap most recent every single time.
Really horrible!! Plz fix this nd mke the messaging systeme here only as i requires another 27mb of space in internal phone memory !!! Plz i beg u to fix dis _/\_...
This app is good. Now I can't watch any videos it keeps on stopping at one point can u guys fix it on my sony xperia z
Too much permissions..
Get rid of the messenger app!  It's completely stupid!
Ok
Font size is too large.
Really Hated It!!! Hello google where's marks without star?

These permissions and abilities you give Facebook aren't automatic. They're used by the user. They only access the stuff that you access. Obviously.
I love it bc you can keep contact with all your friends.
A great way to get intouch
Fix the video mine is not loading an error has occured please fix!!!!!!
Glitchy. Closes on its on. Randomly logs me out. Constant crashes.
nice app
My experia e1 automatically updated and now Facebook will not install, come on.
Lovit
It would be nice if you could edit files in groups like you can on the web. There's no option to click edit.
This last update freezes and exits the app frequently.. Facebook is not enjoyable anymore with all these problems and invasion of privacy. I wouldn't even give it a star but 1 was as low as you can go.
Gull
Its on top of the world
Keep in with family and friends.
Nice all lover all the best
Good
It not working every time I click on it put me back to my home screen
Samsung galaxy s 2 bad version
Can't see there msgs so 2 star is too much if i can see msgs then i will give 5
Somepeople say its their life
Can't play videos or Nuttin since new update
This update sucks. Y'all need to listen to your users
Did I just see a home screen notification on my xperia Z??  - Don't know for sure though... Half slept when I saw it...
Much prefer the previous version. Also annoyed that it updated even though I had automatic update turned off.
kenape niy
Perfect
Khan
Ditto.....
Seriously, I'm with everyone else asking the same question. Why do you need access to so much on my phone? My husband brought this to my attention and I'm glad he did. Removing from phone. Stop asking for so much and I'll consider reinstalling.
Anyone know why fb has been down all day?
Love it! Except the whole messenger scenario. Make it so you message people using normal face book, then you get 5 stars
Alhamdulil lah
I love it!!!
Nazo nazo
Well it won't let me put videos up on my Facebook and idek why.. and I dont like how the timeline is set up
Its wonderful
Cant watch videos that haVe been.posted they keep cutting out
Exelle
Excellent
You continue to release updates that take more and more memory and power. Your app is becoming more and more unusable. Takes forever to load. I want to use my phone for things other than facebook. Need to find a new alternative to the facebook intrusion.
This is an my rights to privacy. Will have leave face book and there apps if this is not removed this app
Facebook
flexibility
Goodline
There might be some logical reasoning for the need to get all the information off my  phone...  But  even  then,  I want  the option to confirm it.  There is no need to do things without my confirmation. For  example,  like changing contacts information or recording audio. I also don't like that it has access to my camera...  Not necessary. I've had this app for years, never realized all that so I just deleted it.
Connection
this app invades too much privacy it can read messages on your texts read your call logs and send messages and calls it can alter info on your sd card as well, it used to be fine but now Facebook can watch what we do through our personal phone cameras and listen through our microphones,this has gone way too far, hope you guys know it's not just the messenger app that does this, Twitter Facebook instagram and vine all access this too, welcome to the early beginnings of the government take over
2 much info grabbing, much like the US government
Love
Appu & Ammu
Very good
I like face book
Udz
Stupid decision.  I am not getting another app for messages.
It ok I guess
Everytime when i click the video on facebook,my xperia z cannot read complete
Invasion of privacy!  FB is full of bullshit now a days
The previous update eliminate the ability to change privacy once a status or share has been posted. Please look into it. Thanks.
High qualities
Older Facebook updates are way better new one sucks
So cool
Hmmmmm....
Good innovation
Bhakuwal
Cool
no great loss
it gd
If I can't msg without the spy app and all this drama no! No! No!, let's move on
Owo it's nice
the best
I see no need to have messenger. Thinking of getting rid of app all together and just logging on 'old school'
Luv it
Prour
Loved it
Can't get pics! Can't see videos!
The overall app is okay but there are a few bugs which still need to be fixed. I would say the only thing that needs to be improved is the messaging bored and the "easy to use" video and picture uploder. I think if they had a download video feature that would be awesome cause I love vine videos and it would be good to have it in my gallery.
Be boss  yes
Kunal pandey
Worst update plz fixed
Can't watch videos anymore....what gives? Also, what is with the separate messenger app? Seriously, thinking about getting rid of this waste of time app now
Best
You know what it suckssss!
Easy to navigate
After update chat option not working askig for install fb messenger :( I don't like fb messenger
......
Love it!
Effective way of communication
So slow in loading. Get post days later after posted.
Not that great.....Not that bad... Average
Not too bad, but definitely prefer using FB on a PC or Laptop, rather than this mobile app. Security being the main reason.
Facebook needs replaced
Excellent
How many updates does it follows , like there is an update every bloody week
I don't like the seperate FB messenger. I like it all in the same app.
Cool
Notified there's 3 birthdays today but the link only shows tomorrows and rest not today's! Not helpful!
This is a good social apps for connecting pipuls.
Awful app. Crashes when I open links and crashes in general. Generally slow and repetitive app
Good
Hungup Update update runs for several hours "waiting for network"
Yuhuu
New update sucks. App cloeses after 5 seconds.
It is too much slow all apps which installed.. work good.. but fb... going too much bad... :( :(
DOWNTOWN LOS ANGELES
I love Facebook this is ameging app
Not only do I have to go to most recent every time I open the app it randomly stops playing videos.. I don't care what happened 3 days ago, when I open the app I want to see what is recently posted... Also having to restart videos over and over is really frustrating
Facebook forces it's users to download a second app to use its messaging service. I practically see more advertisements than posts. The messenger app is designed to collect information from your phone to sell to marketers. Thanks for caring about your users. You know, the ones that made the development of this app possible. I realise that the goal is to make money which is fine. But to blatantly ignore your users feedback and sell their information is taking advantage of them.
Why can it be like it used to be smh !!!!
What a load of crap
since i updated fb yesterday none of the videos on my feed will work. i keep getting an error. before this update they would work but usually freeze my fb app and shut down. maybe if you weren't spending your time policing Facebook (literally) your app wouldn't suck
I was looking for my video album... N ya I can't see it.. Am I doing something wrong.. Or it is not displaying my video album..??
Don't know how to get ou this
greatest website
Slow as a snail. Frustrating at times
Lovee
I can't copy any written post. Please fix it....
Essential
This is now a data mining application. No need to have all of these permissions. Uninstalling immediately.
Good app
Great
The app crashs down every 3 mins and I have to restart it again :s
Facebook is the best becuse it keeps me updated  and meet friends I have miss for a longtime
Newsfeed isn't up to date ... I want to see today's update not 2 days ago update....cant edit a comment...cant delete a comment...holy crap everything ....and this app uses a lot  of RAM Memory...it is too big App for smaller devices....I dnt wanna even rate 1 star...bt its impossible to comment without rating...so I rated it 1 star...
There is absolutely no reason for you to ask for access to almost my entire phone. Haven't you ever hear of privacy???
I like the app but when i turn on the app it takes a grip just to sign in
New update finally let's you reply to comments. This is what I wanted, this is now worthy of 5 stars! :)
Loved it
Since the recent update I cannot open a link. I have to tap the three dots on the upper right corner and open in the internet. I don't think it is supposed to work like that. Its annoying!
Videos won't play since latest update.
Feed freezes while scrolling through it. Good functionality when, but this bug makes the rating just ok.
Recent update is beyond laggy and freezes constantly then force closes.
Wow!
Why separate message app????
Best App
Forecloses and backs out
Using facebook in Google Chrome is better than the app and less memory intensive
No privacy at all. I hate that people can see when you are online. Bullshit.
Barely does what it says on the tin. Doesn't order comments by thread, doesn't highlight my own or friends comments.   Posts often fail to load, can't watch videos without it crashing with an unknown error.   It's like they aren't even trying to be honest, it's not like they can't afford the best app programmers in the world, yet they churn out tripe like this time after time.
Sorry but you have to be kidding with all the information you want. Unninstalled
Can't see pictures on tablet
Not working fast please do something I am using Wi-Fi then also
Its not loading anything. I kee getting error messages.
Good app
Cool Facebook app
My communicator
Pretty
aliakbar
I dont like this app because its just like the new messenger app..it can access your txt messages, record calls, etc..
LOVE IT!
Nice...
We want fb's ios design in android too.
Awesome
Gud
sucks
Nice one
People kmo ore where we are all day
It's so awesome!! Now i can communicate with my love ones through this!!!
Pictures don't load, comments rarely work, and the permission level is insane. I can live without Facebook...and probably will very soon.
It takes over a minute to load the login screen now, and I can't read measages without getting another app. These just don't feel like improvements. :(
Why fb is forcing its users to download fb messanger. Which is a complete trash. And why it takes lots of time to load the pics. Please bring back the old fb.
Slow
Its has some problems
This app is very cool
Does no one test this before updating?
all the time that i play facebook i alway happy.
Very nice apps
Am uninstalling fcbk too.
I love it
Good one
Super app
Mantap
Ned more up
Its a great app
Great network
Awesome
Super.
Luv it, its jus better...
Good
When i open the app. It say setting up facebook..
Better use it in UC browser or opera.. This app consumes too much of memory and ram.. When u r online also,, u will be shown as offline..
Facebook is the best app in the world
Good
nice
Ok
Not giving you access to my camera and microphone at any time you please.
This app  really help me to save my memories....and could find new friends and old friends...thanks to developers
Love it
its getting old nd it need a nearby ppl search
Why is it we can't view or see the album description? that feature is available when I used or open facebook in my desktop? fix it please...
Very good loving
Nice
When I open it,it says setting up Facebook,then when I reached the log in screen it closes and says Facebook has stopped.Please fix it my dad won't let me use computer..using my uncle's account
Excellent keep improving
Good
When I try to log in it says unexpected error ALWAYS. Pls fix this and I will give 5 stars
Nice
my facebook
I like it but it does not sound or alarm whenever there are new notifications and messages.
Ready to conect
Awesome
This updated facebook app is a joke. Refuses to upload anything on wifi but will work fine on 4G. And this whole messenger app now is ridiculous. Since when did facebook become so complicated. Really disliking it. Let's go back to the MySpace days where you could do whatever you wanted to your page and it worked great.  Facebook has become so lame. What happened to the original vision from the creators.
Like it
Great app but occopies lot of phone memory
Can you include custom user sharing option (include' exclude users)  in mobile app as in web version. Thanks
Awesome
Grand
it s gud app
ok
Unless you install their horrible messenger app, which requires permission to access every personal detail on your device. Absolutely disgusting
Coooooool app
Hate the new update.. fb wants me to download seperate app to chat so that i can flood my fone wid fb apps...horrible!
Sucks
super love it
Good
good
Good
GOOD
Jatt
It can comunicate with my friend even we apart from each other.. Really a good app.. Never had an issue..
superb
Liked it meet my best friends
Why does it have to take up so much space? Please allow this application to be moved sd card and i will give you a perfect rating. Please fix this! Please. Please. Please.
Awesome
Facebook not responding
Gud app
Ok

Loving it
...
This is the only social media I even use because I honestly don't care to go make different profiles on 5 different sites that all essentially do the same thing, but with permissions getting to what they are, and the fact that I can't even see my messages on my phone unless I get the messenger is fucked up. Also, everything about the messenger is fucked up, there is no reason to even have a separate app for it, it worked fine with messages in it before, and you there's no reason to need all this info.
I wrote a bad review for this previously because of the messenger bullshit i uninstalled this and now I'm reinstalling cuz I'm a FB addict lol. Yeah i know pretty sad right. Oh well still won't install foucking messenger but i need my FB.
Cute .
I don't want you to know all the personal info you require...
All updates seem to make experience less enjoyable  with each one - as soon as you start post seem random & not recent. Not happy with needing another app just to see a message. Find myself using other social media & using this less & less with each update
Poor very poor app anymore runs very slow and all they other problems
Works ok
Perfect for me showing my children through Facebook to my entire family thanks
Excellent
I don't want to download messenger but I can't read my inbox messages through the fb app which I think is ridiculous.
:)
Jjjjjjjj
Good but slows mobile
Its an awsome app
Really connecting friends
I can't read my messages anymore in the app. FB forces me to install a separate app for that. No thank you! I do not want yet another messenger app on my phone. My simple solution for this is to stop using FB on my phone.
Good updates for Kit kat
Connected to people I haven't seen in years. FB can be habit forming LOL
I can't search about any # about any subject
Can't play video. Fix it first.
Facebook
superb application
After the last update every video i try to watch says "cannot play video." Unknown system error occured. Hope this gets fixed.
In Micromax android 4.2  Facebook turns off when video clicked. This is since last upgrade of the app
I mean What the hell
I updated the app and now it won't open.
Nice app
Wonderful
App keeps crashing my phone, takes a lifetime to load and you know it's bad when your web browser version is much quicker.. Needs a complete overhaul.. Safe to say this app is uninstalled with immediate effect!
When use this app 100 mb is wast it's better than using in browser
Facebook is not part of life ......life is a part of Facebook ....(for me)...
Some video on the facebook cannot open! Please fix this for my device Xperia sp c5302
I mean why should I use messenger to text if I could do the same with this app but now they moved texting to the messenger. This is really bad Facebook.  You forced us to use your messenger app. 
Ur my idol!
Good app
Its Awesome
Nice application... for andoriod
(Y)
it has its problems butt it unites people together this a good thing use it properly God sees all
Nice app
Plz fix this I love to download video.thanx reminder
I love fb
Nice app but fix some bugs.
Good
I dont like that you have to download a app to message people irs takes up more storage
Like it
New update is worst... Now every second it hangs..
-
I don't have the most recent type of phone, so the messenger app isn't even an option for me since it takes up too much space. And as for this Facebook app, it just keeps getting worse by being more slow because its just requiring more space. I can honestly say Facebook isn't worth all these struggles and i would rather just use the browser. Goodbye app. I don't need you.
Come on it close alone when I'm on fb rly bad
The time doesnt match to this app
Nice features updated.. expect more... (Y)
I cant copy the text plz fixed it ...
Mobile Web version way better.....
Nce
Cant play videos because an error screen pops up now and that is frustrating as hell. PLEASE FIX ASAP!!! I hate the new layout, I miss the old facebook. That was simple and easy to use. And as far as the messanger goes... people dont have room for both these big apps on their phones along with the other b.s. we have. Soo moving messaging to a seperate app was completely stupid. Beginning to hate this app. So overrated.
It's a great apps,
Like it.. super like this apps..
Super
Nice apps
New update is good.  And good work
Always not responding and force close. And i wanna see new post not old post.
good
Jesjjd
Nice version
Nice application
Bagus
Good
Loved it
Since the update, when I watch a video the screen pauses 5 second form the end but the sound still plays. So you don't get to see the end of the video
Singh
Forcing users to download Messenger to get their inbox messages is total crap, just like the app!
Yr app open up my world more and more closer wz friend even live so far..thank
Very easiest way to meet friends
Good
I am not happy for some videos open from fb
Love it...
Nema
I Stay On Facebook 24/7
Nice
coOl
Good
When trying to log in,it goes blank and go away. Please fix!!!!
powerful app
Not bad but vould be less of a hassel and could be more effective but otherwise it cool
Keep it up
To much force close and not good
Omagod! Its just stupid! Why close force all the time?
Excellent app to find old friends
Please update version
Y'all suck about moving messenger off to it own app.  You need to bring them all back together cuz I won't ever use it again if you don't.
That you makes us download messenger
Good app
Good
Faster app loved it...
Awsome
Why have upgrade my facebook when something new comes around on facebook or downloading messager from facebook i don't have that much space on my phone to put facebook messager app on my phone and fix these upgrades to facebook ok. Fix all these little bugs on facebook ok can you please change both my head  thing into a female heads please because im a female ok and I love god and god is good all the time. Thank you
Pic uploading fails.
Like
Good way to get in touch
Hey after updating Facebook app... it doesn't work... what happened to it... it J's show a message setting up and not working....  Correct it...ASAP...
Facebook
Omg super fast. Ilikeit
Just uninstall coz I love my privacy and never feel the need to share it with the whole world. Unfortunately I have to give you 1 star since there is no option to give zero or negative stars.
U ruined it after update hate it bring back the old one!
Easy to open my fb wall
Like
Its a niz and coool app..bt some timez itz take more time to rfrsh the home page,ntfctn etc ...pls fix dat :)
I do'nt care
Download Facebook then be told that I can not view my inboxes, so now I must download another app just to see my private messages...peww!
Love
492
Good one
This app is very good ... but Now why need "Facebook messenger app " ?
You cant reply to the comments. Fix it plz
Nice
IF U WERE TO UPDATE MAKE SURE ITS FOR THE BETTER, NOT FOR THE WORST WHO EVER MADE THIS PROGRAM UPDATED YOU SUCK GO BACK TO BASIC PROGRAMING, I WILL GIVE U MY RATE... OH U DONT NEED ANY RATE...COZ THIS UPDATE SUCK...
Nice application to used...
Its gd
I
It aint no good with dat new update
I like love you f b
Videos playing while I'm scrolling through, the lag is pretty annoying,
Vety nice
Good
Always happy with fb
Cool aap
p
P
V
The option to have my news feed as most recent is now completely gone.
Its gud
Good
Good but unable to download or copy the videos
KEEP It Up
Ok
Would be better if the update would be compatible for all updates for the phone.
Pops up and freezes on me 98% of the time and the messanger app is bs too needing my photos txt messages. Honestly thinkin about deleting my acount fb has been getting worse
I like it
Part of my life
Thats good
Fix all the error.. now facebook app is not run.. after update all error and auto uninstall..
5
Good
Nice
Constantly redirected to pokes page, don't know why. Does it every minute or so. Basically makes the app unusable at times.
It's awesome, easy to read ,like and comment,
My Life
Dalia biswajit.
It's poor very poor.... Older version was good enough fix this
Yes I love it
Nice
Tab2
facebook Boy
Very useful
Hg
Very nice
Why did you require the Facebook messenger? It's not even necessary
Good
Nice app I love it
It only works on my custom ROM. On the stock ROM it just freezes the phone. Samsung Galaxy S I-9000
my fav
I cant download the facebook
Very  nice
Xclnt
Suck
Please add an 'edit' feature for the Custom privacy settings for individual posts. I can only do this via the web, not the app. It'd really come in handy!
For older version HTC desire
Very nicexx
Rehan
Suuuuper
Very good Facebook friends my choice
But my Facebook is very slow in s3 do something for this its load a lot
Good app
Still very lame... but the app does what it says.... who fives a fornickcation
Bom
Facebook
It keeps closing out
Huhu. ..why I can't open my account..
Facebook
Fix the bugs! Doesn't seem to be able to tag photos without crashing
Love it
Dosnt work, stuck on starting up facebuk, m using samsung galaxy y gts5360.
I want to copy some status...
I like it
nice.
Video streaming not work properly..
Same prblm to all android mbls..
I use it every day
Quit complaining its free
(Samsung Galaxy S4)                           (Nexus 7)                                                                I cringe every time there is an update. Because 99.999998% of the time it makes things worse. Don't even get me started on the messenger app.... Got one word for that..... RIDICULOUS!!!!! 
I love
Images are slow to load since latest update?
Too slow to operate
The new version is not good not that friendly that it was..

The best
It s facebook
Nice
WTF,  why I would use if I've to install a new messenger. Crap!  BRING BACK THE OLDER VERSION WITH MESSENGER.  Its file size is too big and gets installed in phone memory only. Biggest application of my phone.....has ruined my happyness of using a smart phone
Video keeps crashing everytime i try watch a video fix this please
Tanishq
If it was possible to manage a band without Facebook I would not waste my time with this garbage. I keep nothing personal on this,  i use a separate email registered on a prepaid phone just for Facebook. You won't track me skumbags!!!
Great app. Should be used for noble cause.
Nice
Videos are not running on same screen..
Dostou ke liye bhahoot achha hai
Sooo much Fun
WOW!!!
easy to use
Nice update but this is so heavy for my phone and thats always showing force close force cloose w.t.f
It is good after update.  Love this app.  No need of Pc if u have a good cellphone. :-)
Good
satisfy
Thank
It wont open. "LogIn suspenion etc...Log out " I logged out and when Im logging in, It wont ! Please fix this ! I Uninstalled the app and installed it again ! This app is very essential to everybody. And BTW ! I Also turned off my phone just to try that it will be fix ! Like duh ? And messenger is not that helpful for android users....
Connecting people & give us good feeling
Asddfffghjkkl.
For some reason, videos can't be played
goid
Good app
Su dung qua nhieu ram
Nice
Had it 4 ages it's ok but big invasion on privacy and you can no longer message unless u download messenger so unistaled an bookmarked the Internet page
Lovely
Great for quick glances
Keeps freezing
New update suck.. Cannot play video.. Slow..
Great, especially for connecting with old friends.
great app
I have updated this new update at least 5 times now come on sort it out!!!!!!!
nice
Okay
Na adik na ako dto
So interesting
Very Nice
Donaldjulio lopez
Wow
No bugs
Sai
But some improvement required
Daizy
Coz you spy on me .
F
Love it.
Mayur
Ain't working with wi fi pls fix it
Video error it plays for like 15sec and say error
When i open this app it says under the loading "setting up  Facebook" and takes an hours or days! This is happening every time i update this app and This application disrupts my mobile phone when i update it    .
I love it
Can't play videos in nexus 4...please fix this bug...
Excellent
Not supporting
Very good Facebook friends my choice
But my Facebook is very slow in s3 do something for this its load a lot
Good app
Still very lame... but the app does what it says.... who fives a fornickcation
Bom
Facebook
It keeps closing out
Huhu. ..why I can't open my account..
Facebook
Fix the bugs! Doesn't seem to be able to tag photos without crashing
Love it
Dosnt work, stuck on starting up facebuk, m using samsung galaxy y gts5360.
I want to copy some status...
I like it
nice.
Video streaming not work properly..
Same prblm to all android mbls..
I use it every day
Quit complaining its free
(Samsung Galaxy S4)                           (Nexus 7)                                                                I cringe every time there is an update. Because 99.999998% of the time it makes things worse. Don't even get me started on the messenger app.... Got one word for that..... RIDICULOUS!!!!! 
I love
Images are slow to load since latest update?
Too slow to operate
The new version is not good not that friendly that it was..

The best
It s facebook
Nice
WTF,  why I would use if I've to install a new messenger. Crap!  BRING BACK THE OLDER VERSION WITH MESSENGER.  Its file size is too big and gets installed in phone memory only. Biggest application of my phone.....has ruined my happyness of using a smart phone
Video keeps crashing everytime i try watch a video fix this please
Tanishq
If it was possible to manage a band without Facebook I would not waste my time with this garbage. I keep nothing personal on this,  i use a separate email registered on a prepaid phone just for Facebook. You won't track me skumbags!!!
Great app. Should be used for noble cause.
Nice
Videos are not running on same screen..
Dostou ke liye bhahoot achha hai
Sooo much Fun
WOW!!!
easy to use
Nice update but this is so heavy for my phone and thats always showing force close force cloose w.t.f
It is good after update.  Love this app.  No need of Pc if u have a good cellphone. :-)
Good
satisfy
Thank
It wont open. "LogIn suspenion etc...Log out " I logged out and when Im logging in, It wont ! Please fix this ! I Uninstalled the app and installed it again ! This app is very essential to everybody. And BTW ! I Also turned off my phone just to try that it will be fix ! Like duh ? And messenger is not that helpful for android users....
Connecting people & give us good feeling
Asddfffghjkkl.
For some reason, videos can't be played
goid
Good app
Su dung qua nhieu ram
Nice
Had it 4 ages it's ok but big invasion on privacy and you can no longer message unless u download messenger so unistaled an bookmarked the Internet page
Lovely
Great for quick glances
Keeps freezing
New update suck.. Cannot play video.. Slow..
Great, especially for connecting with old friends.
great app
I have updated this new update at least 5 times now come on sort it out!!!!!!!
nice
Okay
Na adik na ako dto
So interesting
Very Nice
Donaldjulio lopez
Wow
No bugs
Sai
But some improvement required
Daizy
Coz you spy on me .
F
Love it.
Mayur
Ain't working with wi fi pls fix it
Video error it plays for like 15sec and say error
When i open this app it says under the loading "setting up  Facebook" and takes an hours or days! This is happening every time i update this app and This application disrupts my mobile phone when i update it    .
I love it
Can't play videos in nexus 4...please fix this bug...
Excellent
Not supporting
Like
When not @ home, this lets me stay in touch.
Very nice app
Osh Kosh Bgosh
Simple hona chahiye
Since the new update coming there are several crashed on the application hope it gets fix

hechos York
Good but new version is not that good than earlier version
Greae
Facebook is great!!
Greyhound Kazakhstan
Like
excellent
Need a full update every 2 weeks
Very nice
Kafi acha hai
Not bad ...
the best mind reader
Nice
Is good for tablet and phone,,,, I like it
To attach with their loved ones
Why do you all need to take our pictures using our device without our permission? Need to cover our phone's camera now if we change clothes from now on thanks facebook,wechat,whatsapp etc
Love it.... Goodjob
It's becoming a BAD and SLOW app day by day!!!
Nice app
App
please fix it please
The last update sucks
<3
I loved fb app , but now the videos play but I can only here audio. Fix required please
Not the greatest at times but does the job
Good
Ok
I can chat from the app again , let it this way pls i don t like or want facebook messenger
Awesome marvellous app
There is no need for facebook to have the permissions that they ask for its invasive and i will be deleting this app asap. Love connecting with friends but not at a price of giving permission to everything in my dam phone! Ridiculous!!!!
Its sooo good
Why i can't down load what happend
Application dosn't allow to copy text of social info, poetry or other usefull detail which is directy can copy so that avoid typing and copy text easily for pasting in message, memo or in activity schedule or sharing, so many things can be avoiding instead of  text typing so this must be next update...                       still no one observers users review. ..
Mostly slows phone and it becomes non responsive. Back button or home button don't respond when this happens, only the power key held for 5 seconds for hard reboot can I actually use phone.app uses a lot of ram. Keyboard keeps disappearing having a separate app for messaging wastes more ram.
Thanks
Its good
Loved it
Its been a week since the last time i used it.. it always turn out facebook is not responding..please fix it.. or maybe ill just uninstalled it
T owl
theres no need for you to see everything  or everyone i want to message. it updated by its self this morning. now i cant get my messages without downloading messenger...
Sucks
Mast
bravo decki super ste ve sakam najpoke
Loving life.
Gud
NEWS FEED'S POST SELECTION SUCKS. VIDEO AUTOPLAY SUCKS.  ALL JUST GO SUCK.
For messaging why should we use another app
Nice
I like all the features
Excellent
Why does it need access to Almost all my phone, this is something against my privacy! And also to many others, please fix!!
Better
Facebook now wants to keep you inside the app when you click on links. Problem is the app crashes on most pages and therefore has become as good as LinkedIn on mobile which is not very good.
One
I really love this application
Not a good update till ur team dose something about this not being able to chat on the main. Facebook page so can not chat. Till u guys fix this im going to have to go the long way trough google till then i am un installing this app !!
Thanks for this service connecting pple and friends
Excellent
Face book
Awesome
Awesome
With this new update Candy Crush will not stay connected to FB & when I attempt to connect it will force close CC....didn't have any problems till this recent update. I'm using a Samsung Galaxy S3.
In 3g network it is good... But in 2g network need to improve
Good app and amazing
Very enjoyable
Itz easy and nice
Great....
Ever since the last update I can't view any videos they either cut out halfway or just keep loading (and never load) starting to think FB is as useless as the rest, please fix.
Bad...
Workong slow in qmobile
Facebook
Cool
Just stupid af.. have to delete and get it back repeatedly! Bullshit..
Update is HORRIBLE. Please fix.  I like this better than iOS app however,  that one consistently works.  This screws up all the time.
I Like it <3
Won't open Facebook at all not happy at all was working fine till it updated  to the new version
Love it :-)
Rahim
Good
You have to install messenger that's stupid to just to text people I don't want to install another app Facebook you suck
No need to WANT peoples info at all discrace!! I may leave fb for good
Kanu
Never plays a full video that's been shared, there's always some kind of issue with it and I don't get why facebook allows so many obvious scams allowed but will threaten to ban people for next to nothing
Thanks
Great thanks
Important contact
And use less space!!!
This update was awesome I like that internal browser, Please don't remove it because its amazing. Thanks very much.
Cool
I don't like being forced to allow access to my camera, etc.
Cant creat live event. Can't copy text from it.
Soo nice
Abubakar
Fantastico maravilhoso
4 #utk sy
Good social app
CElyamador put out e
App automatically closes
This is an awsome app and its a looot faster and cheaper in the pocket......
Terrible since update
Good
Awesome
loves it
I like
Any information
Excellent
I cant believe they are making us download the msg app. Also how they can get into our phones no one has privacy anymore. Im ready to delete facebook all together
J
Cool I can chat up all I know
Fantastic
Soper
User friendly
Enjoy
I hate this stupid app,it doesn't work! It's so slowly
bad
Very n
Aman
Asif umta Asif
It doesn't show messages instead it asks to install messenger but I don't want to install it please fix this
Too slow on 2g network !!!
stay in touch with family & friends
Sometimes it stop responding.. and take much time to sign in kindly fix it!
Nice application!
I like
I liie fb but some time fb is not working properly like  vedios cant support on samsung S  DUOS.
Can't even post on my wall using data connection! Please fix this soonest!
Very good
Ok
It lags all the time! Fix it.
Ever since I've updated Facebook a couple of days ago it's not letting me see any of the video's because they keep cutting out and starting again. Please sort it out...
.
I love facebook,awesome....
When I try to download it it says error please fix on Samsung Galaxy Young .. it deleted his self and all my apps !! d
at time very slow but gud
Love it...
Older version was just find.This version too many update.
Nice update
Very good
Love this appp
Stalking
But it should be newest posts at the top of the news feed. Very repetative.
nice
Simply nice
Nice
!!  Please fix it  ¡ï 
News feeds sucks ...I'm opening the app then the  first news feed is 9 hrs ago 2nd one yesterday at 8p.m.  , then i try refreshing then this thing pop up news feed is up to date ...seriously
Or kuchh nahi
Why not insert photo on kitkat os
I strongly thinking to stop using this app bullshit that much info from my device bullshit
Don't play videos unless im on wi fi
Hanng my phone
Nice app
Advance
I really wish I could delete this app from my phone.
Every time this app updates, it gets a little worse. Removing the messenger was ridiculous, now I have to have the most recent posts as a separate feed while facebook dictates what I should see on my news feed. I updated and then promptly uninstalled.
Best
Still can't view pictures I've downloaded even after update
App too big can't wont give option to save to my SD card
don't like defaulted privacy settings. does not exceed expectations. don't like forcing the new messenger on the users.
Social media
I wish Most Recent was always the main news feed. This jumpy news feed is bogus. And it's annoying to have to go to "more" and then "most recent"
Terrible...My Facebook app wont  open up at all now!  I have uninstalled and reinstalled 4 times and it keeps going to a blank page!! I have a Galaxy S5 Active so it shouldn't be because of the phone. And don't even get me started on the messenger!   I guess it is time for me to take a break from Facebook!!!
Facebook famous
Great app on my phone check Facebook anytime anywhere
Unable to access 3rd party pages when click the page
Loko
Since last update i try to see a video and it shows an error message
Speedy and simple to use can also work in 2g network awesome
I lovesd because his update and his change all time
I love this app. I use it all the time.
Phone keeps crashing when going through news feeds and the FB is a data hog. Fix your creation please.
Not bad
I can't watch video that are posted
It's good but it shows u thing from like.the last week not the new things happen.
FB messenger required is no good
Weird arrangement on the menu
It Crashes all the time.,
K
English
Great App!!
Good. great for socializn. n findn frenz. sharing fotos
Its doing a little bit better, but can you add the feature to upload/attach files on groups or chats?
I hate that it's making us download messenger. And now videos won't load
Why do I need to see post from yesterday, I wish it was always the most recent. The app never shows text so it is useless to me.. Thank god for Twitter!!
Stop trying to force me into downloading your stupid messenger app. No, I don't need more unnecessary bloatware and another app to do what I used to on the old one!
It's a great way to keep up with what's going on with friends and family when you are on the go.
I cant open it. PLEASE FIX THIS BUG PROBLEM
Its the fuckin ballheaded bootscootin boogie brothers!
Y cant I chat on face book anymore?? Im not down loading messenger for face book because im forced in to doing so.
Hate Facebook honestly; it became lame in 2010 but it's the only way to contact people these days so it's like you need it .
I hate how the messenger app needs to be downloaded for reading and writing messages. Why can't it just all be in one place. I also hhate the fact that you can't use a whole picture as a profile picture, it has to be cropped. BS. Also, Facebook doesn't need all my info. Why do you need to access my social, personal and family life? Not cool.
Need to sort out posts..show posts from 4 days ago in timeline..bring back recent activities option. ..
Worst game in the world i dont know how to play >:(

Updated my phone automatically deletes Facebook & now I can't download it!! Get it sorted please
Lol
Are you stalking me
Privacy invasion at its finest!!
So fast now.
Coolest app ever
fb wont let me watch videos!
Severe bug on galaxy s5.. Drains battery and doesnt update via gps or cell tower. Uninstalled till bug fix
I like this app very much, as i cud upload pics n status with such a ease
Every time I want to watch a videos on my Facebook, it does not let me . It keeps saying "Error" please fix this
always force closing! and facebook messenger is time consuming!!
Update is no good, blank screens and errors. Samsung Charge/ 2.2
I think it bull in order to message you need app on phone or you cant message..another way to watch us is all..know tons of people already took app off phones..really stupid go back to old way shouldnt have to have messanger app. Youll end up losing alot of people over this
Comes in handy every now and then!
I can watch video now... Thank you
Knp mesti msuk fb messanger?
great
Whenever I press the like button it automatically unlikes the status without pressing it. Seriously?!
Great app!Great way to connect with friends & family
Powerful....
Nice
Bakit pag boboksan ko etong facebook laging nag force?!
Mast
Ok i why is the android version different from the iPhone verson. All I see when I log on is status from days before instead of the current updates.  When you fix this maybe you will get more stars!
All they need is your profile, your camera, your identity, complete control over other apps, the ability to spam you freely, the ability to make advertisements using your identity, the ability to use your phone to call others at anytime, and the ability to access all of your messages to and from anyone. They're not asking a lot, just everything but the kitchen sink.
We cant even chat now without messenger its our wish whether we need msngr or not you can't implement on us. I stopped using fb now its really sucks now
Its very fast
Love u
Its gotten worse!
I enjoy us this facebook to play my game
You can think that Facebook is a best thing that all people have in there lapi mobile and etc fb means that we can share all things I want to tell this that don't take disadvantage of Facebook
Kedokan Gabus / Indramayu - Indonesia
Meh, who needs privacy. FB can look at all my dirty pictures if they feel so inclined.
Awesome!!!
I don't like the New version of FACEBOOK.. it is too slow to load and it always forced close... why do we need to install messenger if ever we send a message!?  PLEASE BACK THE OLD VERSION.  please FIX IT..
Life is much better with this app.
Bring bck the old version... i dnt wnt messngr to b instlld it irritats...
It always freezes on videos, and messenger is just dumb.
I prefer to choose photos from my own albums to post...the camera roll makes it imposible to do what u want because you cant access all your photos
love ot
No reason for all these permissions, don't want it, don't trust it. Removed but still tries to update itself.
I'm not going to down load messenger it's just not worth down loading when we all dad everything in one app
App corrupted again!
Enjoy it
Heaps buggy on my HTC one, always jumping to the top of my news feed when I'm half way through reading something, intermittently force rebooting the app, slow, I'm sure there's more I've forgotten.
Awsm
Facebook is aswome I wish they thought of the app sooner
It is very slow ,it was much better  before but i cant live without it.
No video playback anymore, bring the old version back ! Can not understand that user are doing your testing!!!
Smooth and perfect!
I want to be able to read messages without the Facebook Messenger. Don't force users to install an app that they don't want/like.
i  was waiting for this update  #Awesome
I like Facebook and all but don't like how support the gays is on my news feed. Im not trying to be rude but I would like to see an option on whether or not to see the ad/post
slow internet
Good
Good
New update is horrible
Ok
Very nice
Prefer to have my news feed default to most recent... I miss a lot of posts that I am interested in, and end up with news or traffic/weather posts from two days ago...
It is very easy to use and i like this
Dorothy stamant
Why is Facebook spying by adding the messager and replacing my and everybody's inbox by giving and invading our privacy??? This has been on the news and I truly believe all of us true Americans hoping the US Fed's come after you guys and put a stop to this! Hoping we get our inbox back and our privacy!!!
Its okay
Fine
Please add event creation for group and page
Dust bin
Jhakhas
Awesome application
Loved
This new version had crashed twice on me in the last hour after I had spent 20+ minutes typing a long response to friend's posts and list all of my typing....FRUSTRATING.
You're way too nosey!
Yes I want messages in this app, I don't want the other.
It's overall ok. Nothing major
Consumes way too much memory
Veillia Magee Facebook Page .com
Being forced to use another app just to check private messages goes too far!  To make matters worse, the Messenger app has the most unnecessary permissions I have ever seen!  I will uninstall and use a web browser from now on.
It exits u out alot plus u ask to be friends and if they say no fb wont let u ask for a week or more
Social media
1 foi
good
Useless
Can't edit comments.
I'm not going to download messenger ever it asks for way to much information. If my account got hacked how would I know my identity and my personal information is safe. I'm pretty sure the nsa already has my info but Facebook does not need it all it needs is what I put on the account not what the app wants to know. So this is by far the worst update ever.
Sairous Torre: Still the same! #EPIC!
This app is getting worse.  Since the recent updates, you can't scroll your time line to see most recent events, it instead takes you to what they assume you want to see, which are posts from the previous day.  You also can't click on the comments to read or leave a comment, you can't share someone's status or pic, it's just ridiculous.  I'm sure it has great potential but until that is met, 1 star it is.
Dont like the new FB at all
It's lack previous imagination....
Better now
Its a OK app still crashes alot especially when your looking at pictures
Old version mesenger much more better. Use min space
All good
Sucks!!! Can't play videos properly.
HORRIBLE bring back other one
Oye
Please connect your services into one app, I am not going to install a messenger app do use one service. I don't know how you manage to even do that with a multi billion dollar industry.
Unable to chack notifctn.... New versin
Takes up alot of memory in my phone. The app gets bigger with every update.. frusturating! Other than that great app! I don't mind the required messenger. I think its easier.
I hate fb messenger. I'M taking Facebook OFF completely. Lets get a better online networking/social app.
Faster
Whenever your reading your Email, browsing the web, or even sending an SMS message make sure you close Facebook. Facebook was stupid enough to let me know that they were invading my privacy when they placed an Advertisement for a product that I was TALKING to someone and the advertisement showed up right on my newsfeed.
Not bad.
Just fun thats it
Very happy with it
I want messages back to the way they were without messenger!
Whats whit all the permissions and the older app was much more convenient
After recent update I cannot update my status just keeps coming up with(#100) Link URL error. Please can someone get back to me as there is not link posted just what I've typed!!!! My email is lukekovacs1@hotmail.co.uk
Facebook is gone not working anymore thanks to the new app
Get rid of messenger!!!!! It wastes space and it's too sloooooowwwwww!!! I HATE THAT I CANT  SEE MESSAGES FROM MY BEST FRIENDS WITHOUT BEING CONSTANTLY ASKED TO GET MESSENGER!!!! I miss them so much...
Backtrack your actions and make the good news public..!
Very nice
It's the quickest way to see what friends are up.
Mary J
I'm to the point where I will probably just get rid of fb! You DO NOT need to collect so much personal information,  regardless of what your reason is!
Love iittttt
OK I gusd
Is the some has Facebook Megs because if so I will delete it too.
I like fb BC I can see all my family..
Facebook
Should use more money in development to halve size and make it more accessible for everybody.
I would rather have messages back in the main app but the messenger is still cool and the layout is too.
I am new
Sometimes gets too slow.
great apkk
Very helpful... Helpful comment
This update today blew out everything on my tablet. Nothing works now and FB page is blank.
Hate messenger
Easy
This keeps me in touch with friends that are from back in the day, plus they are far away yet a finger touch away. I know how they're doing at will.
Love it!
Why the fck have to install messenger???
G¨¹zel.
good
Wau
Best ever
V v good
Very good application
Wont let me see videos  >_<
Fb app uses almost half my data for the month why does it use so much
I know your ratings will get better if you make the messager app optional not mandatory
Good
The new version sucks I hate u have to download that messenger app he's a freak a stalker I bet he's watching everything we do n has hacked into our phones
Nice app
It doesn't let me watch videos. When ever I try it plays for a minute and then says there's an error.
Asking too much info
I love it....
Good apps
Television
Nice to keep in touch with all friends.
Very nice
. Alright
It's Facebook.
Give back original Facebook! If you don't, Give more improvements!
It takes a lot of space in my phone memory plz fix it and make it possible that it can take around 10 or 12 mb.         I am giving 5 stars,so plz solve this burning issue immediately
Bug i cant open the application crashing
I am so tired of facebooks bs. Why is it so important that they have a seperat app for messaging? Also everymonth a new and more usless update! I cam do without facebook on my phone. I wont even attempt downloading their messanger app
Maybe it's just me but sometimes I get the same feed twice or more
When uploading photos, let us choose which folder the pictures come from. I have a GS5 with the S cover which saves the pics to a different photos folder, but i cant access them from the facebook app
Frogalley
I hate it! I cant used the app properly.
Why do I have to download Facebook messenger to talk to people like seriously -.-
Lo
About to delete this completely. Until developers design it to use the SD card for storage of cashe memory and video cashe, this application will never be used.
I didn't think it could get worse.. But it does with every update.
Loved it
Pretty ok app so far. But messenger sucks! Bring back the old messenger.
After installing messenger my phone did not act the same.  It moved slower and it also made it difficult for me to send text messages with my pre installed messaging app. Uninstalled it and it now works great.
Good one
Loved it
I have to close it a gazillion times before I can open it. Fix it please.
Love facebook
Hi
Too slow
Facebook is now give enjoy. .
Will lock up your phone!
This recent update show improvement on speed and loading time. Good. Please continue to keep up the good work.
I hate the new messenger & I dislike FB deciding for me what I do or do not want to see.
Watch ya.. this app stay the update and takes too long to open.. Zack.. Update my balls.. lone rass..!!
Haha
I DO NOT want to download it!!!!!
Lately I have been having issues of "something went wrong, pls try again later" on this app and its frustrating. Fix it and I will give u 5stars.
It doesn't load correctly half the time and it makes it difficult to save or bookmark any websites you view from it. I would much rather links just open in my regular browser. Thanks anyway.
It sucks...I liked it the way it was.
Good
Why is it necessary that I have to install a unsafe application and a even unsafer messenger application. PLEASE change it back to where it is not needed to download messenger and we can message from the app itself
Facebook kadang sulit di akses. Loading lama...
Its okay foR us the mesenger will gone,its not helpful its wasting time
I want my privacy. You have no right to be able to see my texts, calls, internet searches, my camera and microphone. This is such crap! I will say this, if facebook doesn't change this soon I will be deleting it completely and permanently. Seems like I'm not the only one that feels this way either!!
It freezes at time
Please bring back the old version coz having the messenger just takes up a lot of space and time. You have to go to the app just to view messages.
Excellent app
I liked it before you changed it and I will never install messenger.  I want to do it all with the one app and not need two.  Am considering removing Facebook from my phone altogether.   And stop stalking me..you dont need all that information.
I dont like that they have access to so much
It was getting better, but they lost it again... Pathetic move to force us use the CRAP facebook messenger app in order to see our messages!!! I dont want to use this app ( and i will not to) in order to see my messages! Dont like this "forcing" thing...
always updating??? i hate different apps of fb messenger, mem0ry c0nsuming.
Its crashed when i open my notification
Installed because some other apps need it to auth. Bloatware just like the website. Why do people use this crap?
The worst update ever can't play any video please fix the problem don't do the new update is sucks you won't be able to play videos that your friends post the worst update ever bad bad bad bad bad fixxxxxxxxxxx
This version is the worst and why 140 MB !!! So I will give you 1 Star
Belakang gua sampai
Very nice
Life is much better with this app.
Bring bck the old version... i dnt wnt messngr to b instlld it irritats...
It always freezes on videos, and messenger is just dumb.
I prefer to choose photos from my own albums to post...the camera roll makes it imposible to do what u want because you cant access all your photos
love ot
No reason for all these permissions, don't want it, don't trust it. Removed but still tries to update itself.
I'm not going to down load messenger it's just not worth down loading when we all dad everything in one app
App corrupted again!
Enjoy it
Heaps buggy on my HTC one, always jumping to the top of my news feed when I'm half way through reading something, intermittently force rebooting the app, slow, I'm sure there's more I've forgotten.
Awsm
Facebook is aswome I wish they thought of the app sooner
It is very slow ,it was much better  before but i cant live without it.
No video playback anymore, bring the old version back ! Can not understand that user are doing your testing!!!
Smooth and perfect!
I want to be able to read messages without the Facebook Messenger. Don't force users to install an app that they don't want/like.
i  was waiting for this update  #Awesome
I like Facebook and all but don't like how support the gays is on my news feed. Im not trying to be rude but I would like to see an option on whether or not to see the ad/post
slow internet
Good
Good
New update is horrible
Ok
Very nice
Prefer to have my news feed default to most recent... I miss a lot of posts that I am interested in, and end up with news or traffic/weather posts from two days ago...
It is very easy to use and i like this
Dorothy stamant
Why is Facebook spying by adding the messager and replacing my and everybody's inbox by giving and invading our privacy??? This has been on the news and I truly believe all of us true Americans hoping the US Fed's come after you guys and put a stop to this! Hoping we get our inbox back and our privacy!!!
Its okay
Fine
Please add event creation for group and page
Dust bin
Jhakhas
Awesome application
Loved
This new version had crashed twice on me in the last hour after I had spent 20+ minutes typing a long response to friend's posts and list all of my typing....FRUSTRATING.
You're way too nosey!
Yes I want messages in this app, I don't want the other.
It's overall ok. Nothing major
Consumes way too much memory
Veillia Magee Facebook Page .com
Being forced to use another app just to check private messages goes too far!  To make matters worse, the Messenger app has the most unnecessary permissions I have ever seen!  I will uninstall and use a web browser from now on.
It exits u out alot plus u ask to be friends and if they say no fb wont let u ask for a week or more
Social media
1 foi
good
Useless
Can't edit comments.
I'm not going to download messenger ever it asks for way to much information. If my account got hacked how would I know my identity and my personal information is safe. I'm pretty sure the nsa already has my info but Facebook does not need it all it needs is what I put on the account not what the app wants to know. So this is by far the worst update ever.
Sairous Torre: Still the same! #EPIC!
This app is getting worse.  Since the recent updates, you can't scroll your time line to see most recent events, it instead takes you to what they assume you want to see, which are posts from the previous day.  You also can't click on the comments to read or leave a comment, you can't share someone's status or pic, it's just ridiculous.  I'm sure it has great potential but until that is met, 1 star it is.
Dont like the new FB at all
It's lack previous imagination....
Better now
Its a OK app still crashes alot especially when your looking at pictures
Old version mesenger much more better. Use min space
All good
Sucks!!! Can't play videos properly.
HORRIBLE bring back other one
Oye
Please connect your services into one app, I am not going to install a messenger app do use one service. I don't know how you manage to even do that with a multi billion dollar industry.
Unable to chack notifctn.... New versin
Takes up alot of memory in my phone. The app gets bigger with every update.. frusturating! Other than that great app! I don't mind the required messenger. I think its easier.
I hate fb messenger. I'M taking Facebook OFF completely. Lets get a better online networking/social app.
Faster
Whenever your reading your Email, browsing the web, or even sending an SMS message make sure you close Facebook. Facebook was stupid enough to let me know that they were invading my privacy when they placed an Advertisement for a product that I was TALKING to someone and the advertisement showed up right on my newsfeed.
Not bad.
Just fun thats it
Very happy with it
I want messages back to the way they were without messenger!
Whats whit all the permissions and the older app was much more convenient
After recent update I cannot update my status just keeps coming up with(#100) Link URL error. Please can someone get back to me as there is not link posted just what I've typed!!!! My email is lukekovacs1@hotmail.co.uk
Facebook is gone not working anymore thanks to the new app
Get rid of messenger!!!!! It wastes space and it's too sloooooowwwwww!!! I HATE THAT I CANT  SEE MESSAGES FROM MY BEST FRIENDS WITHOUT BEING CONSTANTLY ASKED TO GET MESSENGER!!!! I miss them so much...
Backtrack your actions and make the good news public..!
Very nice
It's the quickest way to see what friends are up.
Mary J
I'm to the point where I will probably just get rid of fb! You DO NOT need to collect so much personal information,  regardless of what your reason is!
Love iittttt
OK I gusd
Is the some has Facebook Megs because if so I will delete it too.
I like fb BC I can see all my family..
Facebook
Should use more money in development to halve size and make it more accessible for everybody.
I would rather have messages back in the main app but the messenger is still cool and the layout is too.
I am new
Sometimes gets too slow.
great apkk
Very helpful... Helpful comment
This update today blew out everything on my tablet. Nothing works now and FB page is blank.
Hate messenger
Easy
This keeps me in touch with friends that are from back in the day, plus they are far away yet a finger touch away. I know how they're doing at will.
Love it!
Why the fck have to install messenger???
G¨¹zel.
good
Wau
Best ever
V v good
Very good application
Wont let me see videos  >_<
Fb app uses almost half my data for the month why does it use so much
I know your ratings will get better if you make the messager app optional not mandatory
Good
The new version sucks I hate u have to download that messenger app he's a freak a stalker I bet he's watching everything we do n has hacked into our phones
Nice app
It doesn't let me watch videos. When ever I try it plays for a minute and then says there's an error.
Asking too much info
I love it....
Good apps
Television
Nice to keep in touch with all friends.
Very nice
. Alright
It's Facebook.
Give back original Facebook! If you don't, Give more improvements!
It takes a lot of space in my phone memory plz fix it and make it possible that it can take around 10 or 12 mb.         I am giving 5 stars,so plz solve this burning issue immediately
Bug i cant open the application crashing
I am so tired of facebooks bs. Why is it so important that they have a seperat app for messaging? Also everymonth a new and more usless update! I cam do without facebook on my phone. I wont even attempt downloading their messanger app
Maybe it's just me but sometimes I get the same feed twice or more
When uploading photos, let us choose which folder the pictures come from. I have a GS5 with the S cover which saves the pics to a different photos folder, but i cant access them from the facebook app
Frogalley
I hate it! I cant used the app properly.
Why do I have to download Facebook messenger to talk to people like seriously -.-
Lo
About to delete this completely. Until developers design it to use the SD card for storage of cashe memory and video cashe, this application will never be used.
I didn't think it could get worse.. But it does with every update.
Loved it
Pretty ok app so far. But messenger sucks! Bring back the old messenger.
After installing messenger my phone did not act the same.  It moved slower and it also made it difficult for me to send text messages with my pre installed messaging app. Uninstalled it and it now works great.
Good one
Loved it
I have to close it a gazillion times before I can open it. Fix it please.
Love facebook
Hi
Too slow
Facebook is now give enjoy. .
Will lock up your phone!
This recent update show improvement on speed and loading time. Good. Please continue to keep up the good work.
I hate the new messenger & I dislike FB deciding for me what I do or do not want to see.
Watch ya.. this app stay the update and takes too long to open.. Zack.. Update my balls.. lone rass..!!
Haha
I DO NOT want to download it!!!!!
Lately I have been having issues of "something went wrong, pls try again later" on this app and its frustrating. Fix it and I will give u 5stars.
It doesn't load correctly half the time and it makes it difficult to save or bookmark any websites you view from it. I would much rather links just open in my regular browser. Thanks anyway.
It sucks...I liked it the way it was.
Good
Why is it necessary that I have to install a unsafe application and a even unsafer messenger application. PLEASE change it back to where it is not needed to download messenger and we can message from the app itself
Facebook kadang sulit di akses. Loading lama...
Its okay foR us the mesenger will gone,its not helpful its wasting time
I want my privacy. You have no right to be able to see my texts, calls, internet searches, my camera and microphone. This is such crap! I will say this, if facebook doesn't change this soon I will be deleting it completely and permanently. Seems like I'm not the only one that feels this way either!!
It freezes at time
Please bring back the old version coz having the messenger just takes up a lot of space and time. You have to go to the app just to view messages.
Excellent app
I liked it before you changed it and I will never install messenger.  I want to do it all with the one app and not need two.  Am considering removing Facebook from my phone altogether.   And stop stalking me..you dont need all that information.
I dont like that they have access to so much
It was getting better, but they lost it again... Pathetic move to force us use the CRAP facebook messenger app in order to see our messages!!! I dont want to use this app ( and i will not to) in order to see my messages! Dont like this "forcing" thing...
always updating??? i hate different apps of fb messenger, mem0ry c0nsuming.
Its crashed when i open my notification
Installed because some other apps need it to auth. Bloatware just like the website. Why do people use this crap?
The worst update ever can't play any video please fix the problem don't do the new update is sucks you won't be able to play videos that your friends post the worst update ever bad bad bad bad bad fixxxxxxxxxxx
This version is the worst and why 140 MB !!! So I will give you 1 Star
Belakang gua sampai
Very nice
Since day one.. the app has not gotten any better.. at all!
God gift
It won't let me upload my video's and it keeps freezing.
What did you change this time?  More problems...Facebook opens but then immediately closes.  Can't use it at all....  :(
You guys are trying to get into the information on our phones. And if I get any messages saying I texted someone weird stuff. I will and promise I will find a way to take down your website.
Bring back the old version 
Really good for social networking
Good
Slightly usefull
I think its horrible
I would give a four star but the spam and ads on facebook is way too much.
Sooo slowww
Not amazing but has regular updates
The new version is lagging and hanging all the time fix it up fast
its straight
Before I updated today, the app started crashing. Now I updated it and its still crashing. What is going on?? Please fix this problem!? I have tried turning my phone off and back on and nothing is working..
No doubt another way for Facebook to collect more information on people.
Give 5 stars. Error new feed new update.please fix
Chido
New version is faster, but get too many permission make me worry. Note 2 User.
Good app
Facebook sucks.  If the government wants to know what people are doing all they have to is visit people's Facebook page.  I'm so glad I don't put my life on Facebook.
Its ok bt vry slow.
Good
Working average on galaxy grand 2. It stops every now and then. I have reported also. More stars will be given only if developers set right this problem.
Why on earth does Facebook need to read sms messages?
Its cool and works
I dont like using messenger.
Messenger app should be embedded in normal app. Ditch the app and start again from scratch with half the permissions
Cool
I wanna know why I can't download the app?  Use to work very good before but not anymore so please I need help with the app
Hi
This is the app that makes my battery in the Samsung Galaxy S5 so bad! Also, where is the design that is on the pictures! Fix this or I have to uninstall it!

WOW FB hires coders like Google, test your stuff listen to your public not yourself.... Now i have two timeline i only want to see recent posts if i wanted to see popular posts i would just switch i hate it and the new UI is Very ugly scrolling sideway page to page sucks.. Like when there was only one
Ok
Great
IT WONT LET ME  VIEW VIDEOS PLEASE FIX THIS!!!!!
I don't like that Facebook is now creeping into my personal stuff but I need the accessibility of the app to get notifications.
But app size is very big
Too many privacy violating permissions,  like seriously why do you need my call log, read my texts, access to my Mic and camera without my knowledge or permission etc?  I don't think I'm going to be using this app much longer
I want just one app. I don't care if the messenger app is much faster, it's a pain switching apps back and forward
Love this...
When I first updated my fb why is it bringing me straight to play store for me to open. It takes forever and then it don't let me get on keeps saying not responding never had that problem before... Needs to be fixed really freaking annoying..
Facebook
nice gys
....(:
But I just can't delete it!
hangs always
Las actualizaciones van de mail en peor 
Not much changed
Why do you need permission to use my phone without my knowledge (camera, texts, contact info, microphone..etc.) Is it true that your working with homeland security and letting them use Facebook to spy on us?! One of the permission's is to give all of our information out to malicious apps...why?!? And you can use our microphones to listen to us..what the hell?!? You need to fix everyone of these permissions..it's an illegal invasion of our privacy and you know it!!
Keeps crashing after the latest update. So annoying!
Stalking for the government.
I've seen a lot of people complaining about the permissions that FB is asking for.  And there is no reason for it. A lot of them are not by FB's choice, but by elements of the underlying OS.  GPS: You may not use the "Check in" feature, but a lot of people do or want to share where they are when they do a status update. This has nothing to do with "nefarious" behaviour, and it is only a user interactive OPTION of CHOICE to use it.  Phone State: What, you DON'T want your phone to be able to tell you that you are receiving a phone call while browsing your feed? I'd rather not have a missed call, thanks.  Camera/Video/Audio: How else do you suppose you could tell FB that you want to upload a video or photo feed for something NOT already stored on your phone? It has to then, BY YOUR ACTION, be able to access those functions WHEN and IF you decide to tell it to do so.  So far, the only legitimate complaint that I can see is the separation of the "Messenger" into its own standalone app, which is just non-optimal. If I'm in the FB application already, I should then be able to message from it, not have to swap over to yet another persistent running application to do it.
Such a great application..
I do not want another browser. Let me use my own. If I wanted an AOL-style ecosystem I'd go back to my parents' house in 1997. At least it's an option for now, albeit buried deep within the app settings.
Old version plz. No need to break msger out.
Sick of seeing old news. Don't want to know about what happened 2, 3 or 4 days ago. Need to get that sorted
Browsing is simple and not much data is used
slow version , when it get started
Look at the permissions! Text for you, record audio, open camera and none of these say in parenthesis by permission only. It can read open, and modify texts or contacts in your phone as well as open cameras. Not cool!
Great...
The best social network
Finally after updating. No more cock ups. Thank u.
Excellent
It wouldn't come off my Facebook Account until I excepted it which I don't want but had no choice it stalked me until I except it. This is wrong in my book!!!! I should have  a friggin choice its my phone/ property?after all.
Better
Then stop posting on facebook....
Spy on somebody else.
Site has been changed a lot,this app needs to be changed too. Please add option to remove own posts. The rest available options are good.
Fb is a racist
Wonderful
Great
Is better now
Lovely
I like it
I think fb should monitored closer not sure if it can be but some of the things I've seen on here are horrible!!!! Example: people hurting animals!! I get on Feb for a good time a laugh when your having a bad day but when you see things like that you jus feel sick all over. I really don't think I want to be on Fb anymore
Huseini
Updated my phone to an Alcatel ot6012 and still this app is lagging, disconnecting and having all kind of annoying faults. Is it the brand or just this app?
For the new version
I do not like how it scatters the news feed..you spend alot of time looking at the same thing...
Phillips
The only reason I use this app is to stay in touch with my family. You don't need to use my camera or video or have the right to change anything in my phone just for starters I love the old facebook you stalkers suck.
I'd give you 5 stars if you didn't force users to download the messenger... it  froze my phone, had to uninstall to get my phone working correctly!!     ¡¤¡¤           :-\
Needs access to too much information. Letting Facebook app be able to take pictures whenever if feels like is not comforting.
Love it
My videos won't play from my phone could you please update it or do something because I Dont find Facebook useful if I can't  watch videos FIX NOW
I would have given 5 if its performance and ui were good. Hope to get a better update reg performance.
No longer works. Freezes on blue start screen.
Mohd sidik
Newest version not working
Please allow messaging on the primary app again..or at least allow us to read them :/
Nice*****
I hate the lack of privacy, I get if you don't want it seen don't post it, but what's the point of selecting your friends or keeping your page private if anyone can easily get your info from fb.
dont feel that face bk needs to know all ur personal/private info to be able to connect u with others.
Ever since they forced messanger on us its been acting weird so its best to just use your browser
Just downloaded the new update, and it worked perfectly fine but when i closed it and tried to go back in the app, it went to the loading screen and then crashed 5 seconds later
It is great and i could tx any one and it needs mesenger fix that plz thanks :-)
Moto E
Simply adictive..
Great
I don't like all the permission that they need
Tiene bastante por arreglar! - No actualiza informaci¨®n. - Cuando se mete a un link y cuando vuelve se activa que tipo de actualizaciones a ver, lo cual deber¨ªa estar ah¨ª desde que se abra el app. Entre otras!!! La actualizaci¨®n bajo la calificaci¨®n de la aplicaci¨®n!
All videos crash everytime
ok..i hate hucker.. plz kick them..
I want the option to have most recent posts again!
Can't even change my birthday back and when I refresh I get yesterday's posts alot
I use to keep in touch with family, social act of communication!
More advertisement than real posts in my stream. Ridiculous amount of permissions. And now links caught within the app. I just hope Facebook dies a quick and uneventful death so I can communicate with friends on a less evil network.
What business does Facebook have reading my private and personal text messages on my phone, use my camera, that's invasion of privacy in a residence Fuckerberg, uninstalled! And shove it up your hole!
I dont like extra app just to check a simple pm.
Messenger is stupid. You should give us the option of whether we want it or not. Like before.
Es el lugar donde tu puedes estar conectado y saber cosas que suceden al redor del mundo con un click.
No need for all of my information.  And the FORCED Messenger is the WORST part of it.  Remove it or is time for other social media outlets
Outstanding
So quick and easy
Why won't the videos play?!
OLD version please
Why u need all that information ! Why we need another app to see are message? ??? Y'all getting terrible at this .
good   game okay
Why messenger !!!!! I don't want .. Fu,k -_-
New look...
It takes up too much space on my phone and crashes. Now they're trying to force me to download messenger? Just use the mobile version, not the app.
not fuction well..
Good
This Facebook messenger crap is wack.
Like it
Very good
o_O
Why you need all this stuff to post a selfie or how I got some new shoes.  Like wtf
I not going use the Facebook message app. I am using my web browsers to use Facebook.
This app is bullshit and uncalled for. There is no reason for it. We should get a choice not forced to use this app. It is an invasion of privacy.
I don't want to make top stories as my default in the news feed. I prefer most recent. Until you guys give options to choose, i'll rate 1 ¡ï only. It's our rights to choose what's on our news feed. Not yours !!!
N
Facebook
Very very nice. App
Do not need all the spying on fb messenger
Working well but problem of updating app every month.   Not goood
I am unable to access my messages from the app, please fix. Why the hell is the Facebook app forcing me to install yet another app for messages? I could check messages just fine on my phone without the stupid app, why change it and make things harder for people? I wonder now if there is another Facebook app out there that is better than this one.
Still have occasional things like photos not loading on 10+ Mbps internet on speed test, and some of my own comments I can't delete
Facebook
Don't see why you need to know all of my business I do on my phone
Will not open with the new updates
Still, the primary reason why WE all went into the mobile revolution!
Was working fine. Now I can't send messages. I keep getting ads for a different app. I don't see why another app needs to do a job the first app did.  Any more and I'll just uninstall this app too.
Like so much
Buddhist Org.
Its a good app for android
Works fine
it adds up more memory to my fon.
Is it possible to put chat program in the app, don't separate it out of massege. It's too complicate to chat, cause I have to get 2 programs for facebook. What are you doing with this? You should to make it easy for use facebook, it will be better if I can chat on the app like before. Isn't it ?
The messenger app is no good why force us to use it.
Ok I like it
This app is a Great app Because the app haves good post from people, you can make friends at Facebook, You can Chat whit people that you know already.
The  site was a gd site til y'all switched it to Facebook messenger smfh I keep hearing and seeing bad things about it smfh ..  Y'all should switch it back exactly how it was we shouldn't have to be forced to give away personal information 
Awesome
I love it
Neat
No... Thanks... That's too much.. My phone's memory is not enough for this. I prefer the old FB. Maybe FB should also think about phone with low Ram and Memory. Not everyone can afford flagship phone. Think about it.
Love it
Love it
What?? Links now open inside the Facebook app to be faster? Here's a clue, it's not faster, and it's half the browser my regular browser is. No tabs, no plug ins, no control. It's not a browser, and it's not faster. Oh, but it does keep tracking me. Where's the OFF button?  In fact, all the Facebook controls are even more obscure and hard to find in the app than they are on the desktop site, if they even exist. It should be easier and more intuitive.  And, in case I wasn't clear I DON'T WANT TO USE IT AS A BROWSER. EVER.
good
It is my favorate appp
The PRACTICE of Forcing USERS to DOWNLOAD YOUR MESSENGER APPLICATION IS AGAINST THE LAW!! It's CALLED SLAMMING!! And is TOTALLY ILLEGAL!! I put up with BEING SLAMMED INTO THE TIMELINE, BUT I WON'T TOLERATE THIS!! Either YOU Stop This Practice or ELSE...
God thus far
Great games
Messenger consume huge space and ram
Mercedes olivo
Come on bring back old fb u guys be staking us stop
Facebook
Great network that links the hearts
Updates fracking SUCKS! Slows down everything on phone. Takes forever to load. So I took it off for good. Don't really need it anyways so thanks for making it an easy choice. Deleting now! Don't recommend at all.
Easy to keep in touch to our family and love ones
This is ridiculous. I WILL NOT DOWNLOAD THE MESSENGER APP!! BRING BACK THE OLD FACEBOOK!!
I like Facebook but, think I'll skip this update  
I have this app on all of my different types of devices
Meeting point
Newest version has removed the ability to set your news feed to most recent. I don't want to have yo search for it under feeds, I want it to be default. Top posts as the unchangeable default does not make me want to use your always awful mobile app.  UPDATE: I will not install this app while it requires messenger.  I'm seriously reconsidering how much I even need a Facebook account in the first place.
new version
No cmmt
So far, So Good i have no complaints about it
Can you fix it..
Wonderful way to friends
Why all the permissions? Why should we have to have messenger? Fix your app Facebook. I uninstalled the whole thing.
Can't believe all of the info you want from us. I'm not keeping this app
Slow like a turtle
We're all addicted
so much
Way too many intrusive permissions needed.. why see my call log? My messages? Invasion of privacy to the maximum!
A
very good
Let the user be able to move fb info to their sd card.
The past 3 updates have run horribly on my Nexus 5 running 4.4.4. This newest one won't even load my news feed.
My video won't play bring back the old version
If i didn't use Facebook for work i would delete my accounts.
Works ok
I love Facebook
Helps you to find many new and fun things to try
Good way to stay in touch with friends and family!
:)
Loved it until started making everyone download messenger too... Now it sucks...
The new update wont run on my phone, it keeps crashing before it actually loads. The screen just goes white then says it wont respond
Would be 5 stars if you didn't make us give you so many permissions. .
buuug and lags pff no pictures no videos!
The new messages update sucks. I will not download the Facebook Messenger.
Love it
No easy way to show recent posts. No one likes seeing posts from earlier this week. Phone automatically updated. No bueno.           They finally fixed it
Being able to access our cameras & other creepy stuff like that is not okay. I'm very freaked out by this.
Really hate the new messager app
WTH. Can't update this thing 'coz it accumualate f**king half of my internal memory. Please do something 'bout this. -_-
Too many permissions!
It is what it is.
it is goid app
Good aplication
I'm surprised that you are improving at last!! Could you not possibly make it moveable to SD card as its taking bloody 30MB of my phone storage?
Facebo0k was g0od until messenger came in. Messenger is n0t resp0nding m0st of the time! Take it off and I will gve u 5 stars!
FB is awesome
Why does facebook want to use my camera without asking permission ?
I only want to KEEP IN TOUCH WITH FRIENDS not media. Facebook gradually became a vessel for celebrities and music to flood your feed instead of getting updates from your friends which was the original reason for Facebook.
Am stuck on the setting Facebook page for ever on galaxy s5
I love fb
very bad    why not working the application. ?
Why so many permissions? First un installed he messenger app then someone tells me the Facebook app requires the same permissions. Now I'm using the browser version. A little slower but at least I can have peace of mind about it.
Great app.
I have loved FB for over 5 years and handled many updates; some great, some not so much. I am hugely not a fan of recent updates, however. I am now unable to view any videos at all, links no longer open in my browser, and I don't appreciate the mandatory need to add an extra app for messaging people. Disappointed right now at what you all are attempting to do. Was this really what this social media was envisioned for?
Good but it use too much ram memory, it should be improve.
Love Facebook
X
Bad rate for need all this info, and forcing  me to get messenger just to message friends
It
Good
Slowly eating up all my device memory
zero star.
Ryr
Good
Miss so much old Facebook, i have no space room in my mobile that's why i dont install messenger, i cant send message to my friend anymore. Dont u sad about me?
Ok!!
Your app is broken with your most recent update. It is stuck on the loading page with the words "Setting up Facebook."
Messenger needs to be back in FB, no sense in having a separate app. that is basically texting.  If I want to text someone I will!!!!!
excellent
Maybe if you've got a high-end phone. Not everyone does. Between the bloat of the basic app, constant crashing, AND requiring the extra messenger app, you're making decisions about space on my phone EXTREMELY EASY!! }:(

Videos don't play
Privacy breach.
I need to be able to choose what permissions I allow Facebook to have not the other way around. It down right invasion of my personal privacy.
this app takes a lot of space and it doesn't work properly on my phone Samsung galaxy ace I hate when this kind of thing happens to me soo please fix it
Nice and user friendly
Excellent..........
I love Facebook
I always get two post pics
You took chat away in favor of an app, and you ask for WAY TOO MANY PERMISSIONS!  NO, you cannot access my phonebook.  NO, you cannot record audio or video without my consent at any time.  NO, you cannot have access to my email, send email on my behalf, or read my email, contacts, and you can NOT access my other apps.  You've gotta be worse than the NSA!!
It's cool!
Don't do the ice challenge my brother went to the hospital for doing that @nick tyrrell
Now it works
I couldn't play a video full on my Sony Xperia ZR. At half it says ''Sorry, but an unknown error occurred while trying to play this video''. Please fix this problem as soon as possible. 
Muhaa
I don't like the idea to read messages, we have to read it via fb messenger... annoying..
I likey likey
Good

Great
I have had no problems with it.
I've uninstalled the messenger app and now the facebook app has stopped allowing to see my messages from within it. Since it's trying to twist my wrists into using the messanger, I've deinstalled it altogether.
Bed app
This shlt sucks
Change it so i don't have to download the big brother messenger
The New Update Is Just Pathetic, The App Takes Up A Lot Of Memory Storage, It's Not Necessary And Needs To Be Fixed
Now working properly
It's just impossible to watch videos on the Facebook app on my Sony Z... I used to be able to watch some videos start to finish without a problem and some would stop at some point and pop up a message that says; "video cannot be played," because of an unknown error... But now that I updated it today, it does it with EVERY single video and there's absolutely no way around it. PLEASE find a way to fix this error.
Fiazkanie
Its bad enough that we have to download "messenger" instead of just going on FB like i used to. My phone has limited space so to use up EVEN MORE space on my phone to talk to relatives across the sea. Also its freezing and glitching a lot. Im deleating the app and using my laptop.
Why so you require so much personal data and why us it absolutely impossible to watch a video properly without some sort of error....
Facebook tracks everything you're doing on your phone
Updates really valuable...
Va,
You dont need access to all of the things you keep forcing on me....oh and stop trying to make me get messenger!
They are forcing me to download stuff and I can't even view my messages. I don't agree with the new massager app so I will not install it!
Hate messenger.
It would be nice to have a quick alternative for the home page. Blah!
Why do you need to read my message and see who calls me and all of this other crap? I'm not going to keep this app any longer.  Bring back the old Facebook
Please make this an option that is turned off until turned on, my bill was through the roof
It okay but  I want to copy past
Communications appl ever good
Chotu
I love it
Pretty good once it updates. I'm oldskool
I will give this a five star but it take up alot of space
just tell me how to copy stayts or posts >_< its a big problem with me .. you make me sad bcouz i open fb from browser and leave the app bcouz i cant copy any thing -_- :/
Seriously GAY for making ppl download another app.
Permissions, permissions, permissions. .. why don't we just cut to the chase and let me just send you all of my info.  Beyter yet, if you want to own my phone, you could start paying for it.
I lyk
Everything I go Into the Facebook appointment it says setting up Facebook and it never comes up.
Just bring back the old version plssss.
;)
New interface/updates are HUGE improvement and whole program is much faster.  I had you at 1 star before guys, now you are at 4.  Good work!
Why do you have to have messenger....
No privacy
I can't like or comment nothing anymore fix for a better rating
v15.0.0.20.16 Samsung Galaxy SIII. @Dakota Haven't you ever used the option to add your location to a post? That requires the GPS permission. So yeah, this app has gotten a lot better over the years. I just wish you could block game invites easier.
Love
Works good for me now...
Messages do not work.
Facebook
Now its overriding my settings??? I said no auto update. W. T. F. Can't believe anyone would install this new update - sending confidential personal info & calendar details without your permission??? THIS IS INSANITY. Facebook, remove these requests & just live with your ad revenue.
not bad
Install messenger?? NO! Don't get me started on messenger!!! Why force me to see and do only what  you want? Sure would be nice to have the OLD sort options back. ADD a SEARCH/ SORT function to GROUPS!  Oh well there are other ways to get my content. At least there are no video ads yet.
Always freezes my phone and don't like that messenger is now seperate so just won't be messaging anymore
It has helped me meet all my friends I have at school
Annoying. Constantly getting a force close due to no response.
Having problem with posting pictures it just sits amd loads and loads and loads and wont let me post pics please fix!!!!!!
Just Sony just updated and now this app is no longer compatible. Not happy.
Acess to too much personal info 
It's horrible, go back to they way it was.
It's something I really don'like but it became part of this life
Great
Remember when MySpace forced everyone to go to version 2.0? That was MySpace's demise.. don't be another MySpace.
If you start demanding downloads I'm removing it I'll write letters over you selling me out
All day opening it
It is a great way to stay in touch with close and distant family and friends. It deffinatly is awesome.
tsk !
Love this app!
we don't need messages it's our privacy we don't need it take it off and bring back the old 1
It wont open up. I have to download it every time i attempt yo use it. And acknowledge that facebook has access yo all of my files pics ,contacts phonecalls text and evetything on Messenger app. So we all give up privacy just to keep in touch with others. All other forms of communocation  are owned by face book.
I keep having to change app bring back the old message system
I love Facebook always have, but I keep getting the notification on my profile that I have a friend request to respond to, so I click it and it goes to my empty friend request box. Its happened more than once and it's really bugging me. Fix it please.
I think that this latest update was a viscous disaster. Slowed the app significantly. Takes longer for pages to load.
Permissions, permissions, permissions. .. why don't we just cut to the chase and let me just send you all of my info.  Beyter yet, if you want to own my phone, you could start paying for it.
I lyk
Everything I go Into the Facebook appointment it says setting up Facebook and it never comes up.
Just bring back the old version plssss.
;)
New interface/updates are HUGE improvement and whole program is much faster.  I had you at 1 star before guys, now you are at 4.  Good work!
Why do you have to have messenger....
No privacy
I can't like or comment nothing anymore fix for a better rating
v15.0.0.20.16 Samsung Galaxy SIII. @Dakota Haven't you ever used the option to add your location to a post? That requires the GPS permission. So yeah, this app has gotten a lot better over the years. I just wish you could block game invites easier.
Love
Works good for me now...
Messages do not work.
Facebook
Now its overriding my settings??? I said no auto update. W. T. F. Can't believe anyone would install this new update - sending confidential personal info & calendar details without your permission??? THIS IS INSANITY. Facebook, remove these requests & just live with your ad revenue.
not bad
Install messenger?? NO! Don't get me started on messenger!!! Why force me to see and do only what  you want? Sure would be nice to have the OLD sort options back. ADD a SEARCH/ SORT function to GROUPS!  Oh well there are other ways to get my content. At least there are no video ads yet.
Always freezes my phone and don't like that messenger is now seperate so just won't be messaging anymore
It has helped me meet all my friends I have at school
Annoying. Constantly getting a force close due to no response.
Having problem with posting pictures it just sits amd loads and loads and loads and wont let me post pics please fix!!!!!!
Just Sony just updated and now this app is no longer compatible. Not happy.
Acess to too much personal info 
It's horrible, go back to they way it was.
It's something I really don'like but it became part of this life
Great
Remember when MySpace forced everyone to go to version 2.0? That was MySpace's demise.. don't be another MySpace.
If you start demanding downloads I'm removing it I'll write letters over you selling me out
All day opening it
It is a great way to stay in touch with close and distant family and friends. It deffinatly is awesome.
tsk !
Love this app!
we don't need messages it's our privacy we don't need it take it off and bring back the old 1
It wont open up. I have to download it every time i attempt yo use it. And acknowledge that facebook has access yo all of my files pics ,contacts phonecalls text and evetything on Messenger app. So we all give up privacy just to keep in touch with others. All other forms of communocation  are owned by face book.
I keep having to change app bring back the old message system
I love Facebook always have, but I keep getting the notification on my profile that I have a friend request to respond to, so I click it and it goes to my empty friend request box. Its happened more than once and it's really bugging me. Fix it please.
I think that this latest update was a viscous disaster. Slowed the app significantly. Takes longer for pages to load.
It's okay
Yes There a is Some Issues. Like Older people.
As of last night (08/18/2014), my page loads or articles I want to view hang sometimes indefintely.  I've rebooted, but no change.  Almost unusable.  Right now, I go back to Facebook feed, then to article, then back to Facebook feed, then to article,  until the article actually loads.  Thank You.
I like it
Cool
Umm..Its Great ..but please bring back the old way on how to message people.its bullshit on the messanger ..
Love facebook!!
Pathetic!!!
Until you allow messaging back into this app, I'm giving you 1 star. Why should I have to download the a separate app for messages. If people want that, then let them. But don't take the messaging function away from the main Facebook app.               Still doesn't always show the news feed in chronological order from newest to oldest. Also, I shouldn't have to download the messenger app to see my messages. 1 app for all of Facebook.
I HATE fb's default "top stories" timeline feed. Say its an algorithm based on data etc, but it appears arbitrarily decided what's "important" to the user. Halftime reports of sporting events shouldnt come AFTER a game is over! If I can pick "Most Recent" as my default web setting then it should be on mobile as well.
You need some serious fixing!
I like red
This is so so so awesome who said bad things abut it is boring
Why i should install messenger just for viewing my messages? Ridicolous..
I love Facebook get to talk to family and friends that's far away
VERY GOOD APP WITH HIGH SPEED PHONES
Update
Great .apparently with 4-5 million downloads
Tried to download the app for the Sony experia e1 after already having it to be told it's an incompatable app for this phone, this after it was already installed on the phone. All this happened after I updated a system app on the phone
Conglaturations for your job
It takes up way to Much space for no reason. Thinking about deleting both the Facebook and messenger app.
Newest version not working
Good
Security officer
Apparently this isn't compatible with my phone! It's an ok smart phone, however when I updated android it deleted Facebook, and now can't re download it...why not? Sort it out!
And what makes you think you can email my contacts without my permission?
Free palestine
Nice app thnx
Perfect
to slow never works rite
Are you stalking me? Collecting info?  There's no reason for half of these permissions! Why do you need access to the GPS on my phone? How does that relate to social media at all? QUIT SELLING MY INFORMATION, FUCKERBERG!
Not interested in downloading a second app for one that used to handle messages.
Here how to live & to conquer,Be courteours, be punctual, always say please & thank you & be sure to hold ur knife & fork properly ; coz others take their cue on how to treat you by your manners. Be kind,considerate & compationate when others are in trouble, even if you have problems of your own: others wil admire ur selflessness & wil help you in due course.show moral courage; do what is right even if that makes you unpopular. I always thought it was important to be able to look at my self in the mirror
Hope to be in the app, it is very important. Thanks
It's pretty cool
The new version I don't like @ all.  You trying to see news feed it show couples of days instead of recent updates.
After upgrading to Samsung galaxy s duos 2, it's working great. I really loved it .
It won't let me download it!!!
Video player not working since update
You implemented that awful "feature" years ago and no matter how many times I click to have my feed be new posts it defaults to top stories. Now this update doesn't even give me the option. I don't give a little &#!+ what you think a top story is I want to see new posts
Awesome & convenient
Face book has become to commercialized..I am now getting more and more adds..almost as many ads as I get posts from my friends..I also do not appreciate that in order to recieve messages from friends and family on my phone I have to download messenger..for those readons I am only giving the app a 3
My phone is crap anyway, but add in all the loading errors and constant updates, it's not what one would expect from a billion$$ money maker. Why does fb messager keep trying to download itself? Makes a person wonder.
Just fyn u can do beta
Excellent
Thinking of deleting my facebook account.
I'm digging the Facebook embedded browser. But while I'm reading I'll get messages (I know this won't be a problem when messenger is required to message friends *please don't*) but maybe for the meantime give us a "picture in picture" type feature to temporarily minimize the browser to see the menu again.
Can't see most recent posts
I do not want an external app for messaging especially as it has been found to be spying on the user, also when uploading a picture, please have albums as it takes ages to fibd a pic on the fone
Crashed.... Links not working... Very very poor... Update... Disappointed
Good one
Very good
Why remove messages
driodultra
Behir Shemsu
Messenger is a nightmare. Hate it on my phone. Too greedy for power and space. Thinking of taking fb off the phone because of it.
This app is at its worst. Fb still decides what comes to feed by default instead of users (top and recent) . Scrolling up or down the feed is lagging, is no longer smooth as before. Appreciate offline likes but that's not the main koko.
It's fast in message delivery.
When we want to download a video and click it , there is nothing pop up to choice for download is come out and playing is start at this Version.
Good app
Bring back the messages. I will NEVER use the messenger app
Messenger f**king sucks
This Is not working I hate it right now
Its koo
Love of
I cannot watch the videos properly like, they just get stuck. If you want to message someone you need to have messenger like who wants to download an additional app so that this app works properly
Would be better if we had the option to move photos from one album to another! ... I refuse to use your stupid messenger!!! Its lame and I hate it!!!!
I unistalled this app because you have forced messenger upon us. Bye bye facebook
Better than it was...
It is easy to use. The only thing is, it doesn't always show who is on at that moment.. but it is easy to access more than having to get on my laptop.
Good programme
New updates have created much slower response n videos uploads are terrible.pushing us to get the new messenger with controlling everything on our phones is a low blow.
Facebook!
Just "Speak Exact" Each & Every desire will comes True........
Thanks
I love facebook  :)
Cannot play any videos always have to go to my browser and use facebook there to watch the videos post
When i watch a video it jumps.. and sometimes i wait like 5 minutes and the pictures dont load ... and i dont know how to go to edit my stuff were if i am in a relationship...or if i moved so i can change my high school...
to view a msg u have to download fb msger aswell
I honestly don't see where there is a new look. It looks the same to me but slower 
Really, messanger used to spy on us?
Dipa
Facebook doesn't always show the recent status. it'll show the day before status and my status want always show up
Saya mnggunakanna hampir setiap minggu, karena asik bisa mempunyai banyak teman.
Messenger app sucks.  What's the point?  Should be an OPTION!!
FB is turning into big brother. I see all you people complaining but no one is deleting the app, why do you think it's not getting better? If you want things to change, do something about it. I'm deleting this app now.
Having setting for news category and much more faster
One thing missing It's reply to comments
Since the last update I can't see 90% of the pictures and videos on my timeline. It loads super slow and the little refresh button doesn't work. This is crap. Fix it.
Face Book
Video not playing
Wish it wouldn't jump to the top post when it updates. Annoying when I'm in the middle of reading/scrolling down through older posts.
Ever since they put those videos on there the phone is slow when you scroll up and down its like it frezzes. Thats why i dont use it anymore
Updated now it keeps closing down and it sucks not being able to view messages
good
Facebook
New update to force people to use FB messenger is annoying.
Bangladesh
good
Thanks for fixing Facebook
This app uses more than 75mb of phone storage. Why cant i move it to my sdcard? I can with all the other facebook appsbut not facebook its self.
I use WIFI connection to connect to internet . Every app in the phone that requires internet connection works fine except facebook . It doesn't reload any pages the wheel spins and spins and spins .... fix it please .
Nice I like it
Unhappy with it! Many reasons ....one is unable to access all photos in my Albums!
Sometimes it's a good update, sometimes it's not. Good one this time
Also, your Top Stories "algorithm" sucks. Most Recent is more practical, more RELEVANT, and most importantly it's what EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR USERS PREFERS! Stop acting like you know what's best for people and just give the users what they're asking for. Put Top Stories under the "More" section where it belongs.
Extremely slow.. Plz update it.. U just update fb withour new changes in it
Dumb how you control my phone and automatically update it. I am so tired of you spying on my phone. Uninstalled it and you still know my name in the play store. Wish I could give you a zero. Why screw up a good thing. There is no reason access to my phone should be allowed. Im done with facebook and all other spy apps. See ya!  Why do you need to know my app history.  Do not use Facebook,  they are spying on us.
A way to keep in touch with family and friends.
I dont like the new way you watch videos. I hate it -.-
Bring messages back to this app! Most recent feed option is hidden.  Nobody cares about "top stories"
Many people asking for the ability to SET their default news feed view to most recent. Yes, we are aware that it is the last tab on the right under feeds but still can't set it as a default. Don't be stubborn FB...give your users a choice! If they like the way you curate the feeds with Top Stories they can use that or if they like most recent they can set that okay?  Do we have a deal?
Won't let me watch videos since update
Google+ is only a download away! Any talent at Facebook left after they sold all their stock options for a quick cash grab.  Soon the last Facebook members will be able to sign in with their AARP card membership numbers.

Crashes multiple times an hour even when not in use. I end up going to the full site instead
Unhappy its bullshit you have to download another app to read messages and most your updates are useless....very unhappy!
Best app ever
Combine chat and Facebook again please!
I Hate the Fb messenger It. Sucks
Not working
Unstall
perfect and excellent
The new update maked the facebook app crash every time I try to open it
Baaaaaad  Bad
Its helpful apps for every android user.
Excellent
I refuse to download messenger! Not happy
after latest update some continous and strange loading has replaced pics... :) maybe un update are necessary but i think better will be a downgrade.everything was nice before that useless update
Turd
Can't play videos sometimes and sometimes it stops and says "Unkown Error"
It's app is awesome because it let's me talk to my friends Thad I have from my old town I just love it
OCD......:/
Its too slow, everyx I sign on its constantly telling me if I want 2 synch my photos or etc, if I wanted 2 do that I would already have done that.
Fun
I wish that Emojis and Facebook Emoticons will clearly/graphically appear in Status post.
I can't see any of my videos
I'll be looking at a post and then I like it and then all of a sudden it jumps down two posts and it skips a lot of em and it's driving me crazy. I have to scroll back up and find where I was. These updates fix some things but mess up others. Please fix it from skipping
Very easy app to use
None
Wont let me watch videos anymore.
I dont understand why you guys need access to our phone calls or camera? It even says you guys can record us with out us knowing? And you can share it with others without our knolage? Why do you guys need all this?
Might as well just go on the browser
My phone keeps going off saying that I have messages then when I click on it, says there are no messages. What's up with that? I have a HTC Wildfire
Download error
Love the new description
Very useless FB app on android ios version is very smooth and responsive hope u will make this app like ios version
Can't reply to my msgs, and I'm not downloading Facebook msngr so put it back how it was
It's good
I like the fb app...ready to see a new layout design
I can't chat with friend
Facebook
Messenger app is pointless plus its just another worthless app killing my battery.
Love facebook app
I hate messenger cause you can't see messages without it that sucks!!
Maphori
Good app
There is good side of making facebook sh*t with messendger...Buy there is good side of that thing....Now I spend only half of hour on Dacebook a day :) Guys if you want to have a least a bit of privacy, don¡¯t install Messendger, use Facebook on Broswer on your phone :)
YOU ALL AT FACE BOOK BETTER MAKE MAJOR CHANGES TO THIS THING FAST, OR YOUR GOING TO GO THE WAY OF THE DODO AND MYSPACE! MY CAMERAS ARE MINE! MY PERSONAL INFO IS MINE! MY PRIVATE CONVERSATIONS-MINE! THIS IS ONE STEP AWAY, IF NOT HOMELAND ESPIONAGE! OH AND DO U REALIZE U ARE PROBALLY GONNA BE HELPING OUT A PEDIFILE OR TWO ?? DO YOU CARE? BUT YOUR LAWYERS WILL TAKE CARE OF THAT - RIGHT?  AS LONG AS IT'S NOT YOUR FAMALIES! ZUCKERBERG-GET IT TOGETHER!!!
Its a grear app ... loving it ..but at times it is force close for no reason
Please change apps own video player n ad option u use other 3rd party video players.
Update
Nice app
Kkk
It's good unless ur phone sucks
Now the updates allow it to spy on you... Not cool Facebook.
Why I can't watch videos and use emojis
FB Messenger needs the permissions to provide features conveniently through the app. Nuff said.
Privacy infringement along with multiple glitches. Not downloading messenger
Great
Used other features, but not the messenger yet so I can't comment on that yet.
I like this app
Sucks
Brng bak old version..wastage ov tym switchin
I'd like to unfollow a post from any post. I'm glad you can unfollow some posts, but I'd like to be able to choose not to be notified even on pictures. It gets tiring going down into the vault to turn off a notification.
Iv not long updated fb and it seems that this latest one is no different
I hate the inbox feature, and I can't block my wall
so good game
Ok
Its funny, it says in the description "text, chat, and have group conversations" but yet that's no longer available. Very disappointed they took chat away from the app. Having one Facebook app is bad enough, let alone having two of their apps on one device.
good
It still looks the same to me and the message thing is still present
The best
Since update can't see thing's seeing old posts CAN'T WATCH VIDEOS!! So annoying..always crashes screen go's blank sometimes etc etc...too many thing's going wrong need fixing why you'shave so many problems?  Most comments I see are complaints!!
This sucks!! I will not download messenger ..
Good
the best  apps
I hate facebook  :-\
Helpful & useful
Good app that will surely turn great soon...
Face Boook
Anne
Way too much permission. Im gonna delete app untill u stop asking to completely control my phone
Did the update, can't watch videos but the sound still comes through.
Get rid of the message option on the app I'd we can't use it.
Spy aplication. Uninstall it lol
If Im bored this is the place I go since im too broke to go anywhere else lol
Great way to communicate! :-)
Its okey but i don't like to download messenger and i sometimes can't login
All these idiots gripping about messenger. It's amazing.
Great place to socialize, find old friends and relatives. Ty Facebook!!! A+++++
It starts up on its own, even signs in when I don't have my password saved! But it kills my battery and times out a lot too.
Bring back the old Facebook.
I use fb a lot and I like it but pick a layout and stick with it man. Oh and I don't like that you pick what I get to see. Stick with the most recent posts. Also Forcing people to install messenger and using a back door to look at everything on peoples devices isn't nice. Go spy on someone else I'm not installing it.
Defaulting to Top Stories with no option to change and burying the most recent feed elsewhere is an unwanted step backwards. Top stories are random, unnecessary, unintuitive and needs fixing immediately.
I hate the fact it deletes posts and shows the public your likes when you didn't have it set up that way. I like the old fb, when it was private it was private!  Also, why do you guys use our faces?? I've been seen by my friends that saw me in an add. Don't like that. Nothing private!
They say its a new but its a total waste of data. The app cannot even be on landscape mode on my Samsung galaxy tab 10.1, it only allows me to view pictures on potrait mode. What the hell is that, I hope they would fix this issue.
Seriously why does this app need access to our camera or be able to record using our mic.... urgh deleted. Might reinstall if im given privacy.. same goes for fb messenger app.
Y y'all got messager?
Its good
Nice Apps and easy to use
I can't explain to you, just see it yourself ;)
Just as soon go on a fb strike !  Can 20 million people bring down stocks for fb !  123 go campaign on fb for a major strike soon !!
Having all sorts of issues with the fb app, as of late. And I think it is absolutely redic having to download a completely different app just to see my messages or PMs.
Apps leaves many thing
It goes to black screen alot
J
I got haunted because I downloaded this
Love it
If you can read all of the permission FB is asking is like they know more than your own self.
Connecting More People,
Its like the same old facebook
Rashmi
Good

Bootie juice
Nice work
Dont do update yet its glitches. Can't post or share. After every update there's always problems why can't they sort b4 release
Its good nw
The permissions needed for these apps are unethical. Period....
Good
Two apps instead of one: waste of time and resources.
After the Facebook update on my note 3...it opens and hangs and exit me out within 5 sec...this sucks...Facebook it starting really blow
Making alot of good improvements!
Its good with my s4
Sony updated my Xperia E1 and now Facebook no longer compatible!
Fb the must needed App
Facebook already takes up a lot of space , and now that we have to download Messenger it's wasteful.
Good
I like it very much
Don't freaking "fix" it.  I don't want a separate app for messages.  That's retarded.
I love it
Screen freezes when zooming in & swiping with latest version. Not happy.
What is the point in a separate app for messaging when it's still in the normal app???
The new design is kinda classic, i like it
I like this application .
Black empty screen didn't open what I do I lost facebook from my mobile
It gud
Not that good
Gone backwards. Viewing 'Most recent' newsfeed should not be a hassle. Let us choose the default order. And not as screen overlayed on the order you want us to use.
Nice one
Since last update it has been freezing every 5min... Galaxy 4
BRING BACK THE OLD MESSENGER NOW! I know I am not the only one who sees they have messages to read but can't read them bc you guys want us to download a stupid another app just to read them. Plus your privacy pretty much goes out the window when you download the app... bring back the old messenger. You will make millions of people happy when you do !!
Just gets better with every update!
I love it and i would liked every body to join
Why oh why oh why does the news feed setting always revert back to Top Stories... I want to see Most Recent from when I start the app, not after three 'key' presses!
Since the new update it won't install, keeps saying error 24
To the facebook app makers: 1. Always have updates for this app,  but never anything new or different... Annoying and unnecessary since Facebook doesn't work any better after the updates. 2. You JUST released another update, AFTER messenger has been permanently Disabled from the facebook mobile app,  so why is it even still in the app If we can't do anything with it? 3. What's with the horrible news feed??? Why is "most recent" not the default for the news feed yet??
Its ok
U guys are forcing this crappy messenger on us. Its utter useless. And very irritating toggling between fb and the messenger
Facebook
Its just really slow & i cant see my emojis
:(
Every time it updates it just the same thing nothing is new 
Best app ever made!
i don't want to install mesegger....it's really trouble.....
I read ask the reviews on the internet and I deleted the messenger app.... bring back the old fb because otherwise I'm not reading my messes
I updated this version and it deleted all my pics in my gallery on my phone!!!!!! Facebook is getting bad! Fixing to delete the app! I don't need it!
I love this application. Aftet the update, It work fine on my LG P715 dual. Keep the good work going.
We cannot use the message box/tool
First off, keep your app together. 2 apps? Go jump. Second it crashes when trying to open links from the app. Third too many permissions. Fourth, the app eats too much data. Fifth,  causes my phone not to register my sim when a notification appears.
Thank you for fixing the messages.
You did the update to close the messages , you fukd , it's your worst mistake
Really love this social net. never get bored. always love every updated. Even many sosnet is made but facebook is un replaced.
Doesnt let u see your messeges if u dont have the messenger app.
Better
Update made it better. Not digging top stories as default though.
Love Facebook
SUCKS...App Crashes again n again
Most people don't read the fine print. But facebook can read you text messages, your phone pics and has access to your camera. Yep they can see what you see. Do you do your banking from your smart phone? Do you mind if they have access to your list of contacts on your phone? FB is BIG BROTHER.
Seems like it still is working good. I am not downloading FB Messenger. Sorry bout it.  HTC ONE M8
Facebook
Facebook
Not enough smooth, we suddenly lose contant we r reading, auto update is a big problem, u should make sure it update only when pulled down for update
Notifications are screwed up, just a lot of bugs in general
It's slow to load and freezes. Keeps saying unable to load.
There's no reason for FB to have access to so much personal information.  I'll have to go back to texting or sending an email.  Bad move Facebook.
I can't even open the app. It's stuck on the loading screen "setting up Facebook". Reinstalled and everything.
I don't care that messenger is fast... It sucks my battery dry... N i don't want fb phone calls... I guess i should delete this app too and use the web.. Ill just live without notifications
Life changing app of all time
correct
superb
Mr ME
Facebook messenger is so stupid.  What is the point of making so we can't see our messages unless we use it.  That's stupid makes me not want to use Facebook at all.  You just keep making it more irritating.  Get it together people. Use your heads
Good communication
Like Gods Vagina
Really sucks!
Too many updates, when nothing really changes. Forcing the messenger download, just to view some messages I might not reply to. Can't control the newsfeed so I keep seeing things from days before with new post. It's just too much.
Nice i like
amazing
Aplikasi yg sngt pantastik
Update is awfull, return old messages. I hate messenger

Cooool
Excellent
Love it alot it helped me find my lost family
Awesome
I love it it works great
Forces close please fix
Liked it
Ummhhaa

Funny sad but good
This latest update has completely messed things up, can't even access facebook via the app now. The fb messenger is just so you can steal more information from us, and if we don't install it you won't let us have our messages. Seriously thinking of deleting facebook for good.
Its koo
I think the way that Facebook is going is a good way
Love this apps. ...
Ok
Givee video call option please :p
Good
Bad
Total Number of Friends do no available in my timeline.
Sprinkler fitter union
Its too easy to use download it
Can't stand some of the stuff that Facebook is doing and is trying to make everyone do plus all its been doing here lately is freezing up it needs to be fixed instead of added stuff to it are re-doing it making people think it's better and it's really not I like the old Facebook page better at least we didn't have as much problems as we do now and we're not being forced to get Facebook Messenger so are personal stuff can be aired by Facebook it should be personal not all out there
The vedio player is owful
It's still good so far, but for the people who have Messenger & like it, could u do us a favor N add a Logout option? Thx.
Love it
Family's love y'all God do to
Working ok on my s4
Great
Stop spying on people. Allow us our privacy.
Keeps freezing up with videos trying to play on the news feed.
Wnw very nice..
Keep n touch
Much better
Utter privacy violation....get bent
5 star
nesma22
Narandra kumar nksharma
Hi
Eats a lot of ram. Very often this app scrolls the content by itself. Very anoying. I'm keeping the app just to notify me, I'm using fb through a browser, much better experiense. Oh, messages are back, you get 2 stars now.
Bring back the old version....
I love it  !!!
goooooooood
Great job!
Facebook messenger sucks
Very useful for me
kool
Best apppp
Love it
Eh
Annoyed
Another Facebook update failure.
Connection
Itz fast xem n i rily lve it.
It's okay.  A tablet optimized version is sorely needed. It's a pain using in landscape mode.

Itttttsssss is not gd
For the first time in 3 YEARS video won't play. Your "updates" are more intrusive every time (which is why you can't transfer to sd card. How can they snoop your phone without access to your device)
My fb the best
Algo Leve
Some updates don't work properly on my device...
I like- wait, no. I LOVE IT!
Its OK!
This app is great
Fb app crashes whenever I try to play videos.
Is it possible to become a beta tester without uninstalling And losing all your contacts and friends? Pls respond.
When I try to access Facebook with it. I end up having to reset my password. Yet I can always access it using Chrome browser. Never having to reset my password. Sort it out!
Facebook is forcing close.
it's very slow and takes much memory
Dont like messenger too slow
Awesome
Fabulous app , but I still don't mind about the new version when you have to download the FB (face book) messenger
nothing to say
Vsetko uz funguje ako ma ,aj messenger.Po aktualizacii vymazte vyrovnavaciu pamet cez nastavenia-aplikacie.
Very worst version plsss chang it
I had no problem with this app until you started forcing Facebook messenger down my throat. I don't like being forced to do anything and I don't need 2 apps to do one app's job.
Why my fb runing 2 slow?
Old fb was better
Great
Very cool app
Yeah I love it
Umesh
better.
I'm renjoy when i use in facenook
Video player won't work.
A FEW UPDATES AGO, I HAD A CHOICE IF I WANTED TO UPDATE OR NOT. NOW I GET UPDATES WHETHER I WANT TO OR NOT. UNCHECKING THE AUTO UPDATE DOES ABSOLUTELY NOTHING. AND FB IS USING UP MY RAM. IT FEELS LIKE BEING BULLIED!!!!!  FB IS GETTING WORSE INSTEAD OF BETTER. AND EVERY ONE I KNOW ARE DISGRUNTLED WITH FB.
Great app.. Easy to explore..
Uses too many permissions that I can't change individually.
Verizon note 3 fb won't open just stuck at setting up Facebook.  Will not go beyond that.  What a terrible update!!!
I love it....
It works
Awesome app
Love it!!!!
Good
A real frnd away from u r family & frnd
do not like the new messenger app. bring back the old messenger
Liked it
Hey
So good an application.
Nice!
I love the " real facebook" experience....that this app provides...gud job!.
get rid of messenger.
This app totally rocks it fast and realy awesome it sometime doesnt let you downlod but who cares.
Need improvement in notivecations and feeds
Slow
Why do I need to download your messenger?  I find it intrusive and of little value other than to access my information. This is beyond the pale.
Can't post directly to groups, videos keep crashing..
Why do I need two different apps for one website? Why isnt my feed just whats new automatically? This app is so horrible now.
Conrad Du Plessis
Ok! After this last update I can't do anything without Facebook freezing up... I can't scroll up or down to fast or it will freeze... It's just crazy
ABSOLUTELY HATE IT
I think there is nothing change...its always update always fix bugs but still the same....its ok just fine.hope they make a change like :video call or can my profile pics move or anything but new for us as a user or blogers...admin pls.thanks
nice
Fb is better than whattsap
Getting better
Facebook
I like using facebook but HATE the message app and all the breaks in my privacy. When I get my privacy back i'll rate higher.
Viruses terribly
I'm loving it.
Every now and then it crashes and freezes or wont load what i want i click on a pic and instead it gives me the comments or it would load and notifications.... and tge whole moving the messages to the stupid app was retarded... its taking up unneeded space and i was ok with the old way
Won't play videos keeps saying error occurred
rock in it
Disappointment.
Bad massenger
It was good
Read Calendar, Modify Calendar, Read SMS/MMS, Read/Write Call Log, Read/Modify Clipboard - EVERYONE should be very cautious installing this app. Facebook is data harvesting. They are tracking locations even when the app is closed and collecting as much personal information as possible without you even knowing. When I continually questioned Facebook about it on the Facebook Android Beta page, they ignored me and eventually banned me. I can no longer make any comments. You've been warned!!
So I'm having to update Facebook for it to be exactly the same... if I didn't want it better I wouldn't want to update it..
It's greAt nd so interesting
Fahadfaby
Below Average
It's OK
Greatttttt  site but ......
My app dont work and ive got an s2 phone
Awesome sight
Will you PLEASE work on the photo uploads already? Whats so hard about that? We click "upload photo comment" you ask us what gallery do we want to upload from.  Simple as that! I don't want to scroll threw 3,000 pics just to find one photo I took a month ago.  I know exactly where the pic is if youd just give me that option like every OTHER facebook app.  Come on now.  Ive been asking AND emailing you for months.  Wtf is going on here?
Waste my time.
1
Good
I will not accept the new permissions.
Nice
It's ok.
Pery yum tuth ghett, odia luallaween yeppia nanoo.
Too intrusive. No optimization on battery life drain. And worst of all, I have to touch a lot to get to most recent instead of "important" posts
Love it.  M8
Wish normal messenger inbox could still be used! Hate FB Messenger! Its so glitchy!
I don't want to see my timeline stories out of sequence! Please bring back Most Recent as a timeline option rather than sticking on some pointless "feed". It's not intuitive in the slightest.  In addition, it seems that "Most Recent" is hiding stories from me sometimes. For example, I can't see any stories between 11pm and 4am last night using "Most Recent". However, there are posts under "Top Stories" that appear during that timeframe. Boo Facebook. Boo.
Quick & Easy.
Time vest
Now at least I can find the log out button without having to dig thru the whole app.  Also, why do they make it so difficult to remove things such as work history and pages you once 'liked' but can't remove them?
Not that impressive as it should be
Good
I have no problems on my Kindle Fire or Galaxy S5
We can make friend on face book aap do u know...! Hahaha
I don't like the new version of facebook! I hate it how we have to use messager.
Great
God****it, Facebook, knock it off. Stop updating if you're going to not iron out the kinks first. This is ridiculous. It constantly freezes and I HATE that when you click on a link it stays contained in FB. I want to go to the actual link.
I love this app so much
Best
I am giving you 1 star until you default back to Most Recent for news feed. I don't need you to tell me what you think is the most relevant feeds from my peeps. I will make that decision, thank you.
Had enough of the shit ' 'facebook is not responding ' deleted
Cool
Easy access to messages.  Highly recommended
It just froze and will not respond.
Good
Very good app
The best
I keep sending reports and nothing seems to be getting fix because I continue to have the same problems. I am not the only one, several other people I know are experiencing the same problems. Too many problems and no one seems to be fixing. If they can't fix it then  for the love of God hire someone who can!!!!!!!!
Latest update has us give you access to accounts on our phones. That's unacceptable and unnecessary for your needs. I am removing you permanently. Just checked, not even goggles G+ asks for as many permissions. 8/19: you state new look, but nothing is new, stop lying to force bandwidth eating updates!
The new update Is crap it keeps making my phone either freeze or restart. It also keeps saying force to close  -_-
I like it
My buena
It's pathetic that we now have to use messenger and take up space on our phones that Mark z did not buy
It takes forever to open up and slows down my phone not sure if its my phone or if its Facebook app.
The most unique social app
Fb don't delete my messages hate the new version of messenger
Please, try to make it faster then before and also update some new feature.
Lolololololol
I did it
U shudn't be able to turn on others cameras or anythink with out asking the person how owns the mobile or pc or laptop or tablet.  And then it will be better to use and be more safer. For children and people how don't understand the stuff on the internet.
. I don't want to use messenger app
Nice
Great good job face book
Its boring
Some time not responding  fb for my phone but whay
Please make it better
Nothing has changed in this update we need the old Facebook app back this app is nothing but a mess
We can't play video on Facebook but why?? Gave me response 
Fani findro
Fan <3
Love this app
Hello
Its okay.
Excellent App
Thanks for bringing about back as we can see who's following me and one problem people don't want messenger its a distraction not just to me but for some of us is just having a bubble pop out in ur screen is not great its always better to have everything in one like Facebook was before!!!
Why facebook messenger????? Why????? APP NOT WORKING
I like facebook
I upgraded to new version & now any videos do not work at all on fb. It says error accurred while trying to view video!! WtH!!  it really sux now i cant watch any videos on FB!!!!!! Not good at all!!!!!!!!
Great
Awesome but crashes seldomly!!
Nice great pic uploding but some time total slow
Its funn
Bring Back the old version of facebook that's the best, than facebook messenger it doesn't help
Can't get back on my orginal Facebook
when it works Its ok when it doesn't I get mad and uninstall to reinstall wasted time :-Q
I want old version..
Keeps crashing
Lively chat with friends near and far
I L U
It's really useful.
Didn't update. Learned my lesson with stupid messenger. If forced to update will just in install Facebook app.
Has improved a lot the past 2 years or so. Still not perfect or amazing, but it isn't too far from the desktop version. In fact, I find it easier to use than the desktop version and would rather use the app than the desktop version at times.
Nyc framework ;)
Frequent updates are annoying these days.. keeps comming day after day..
Stop live streaming of video...i will give 5 stars
Way to much info wanted for messenger. Will not download it...they ask for all info on your phone...read before you click install...
Saddam tyagi
It's very anoying to need the fb messenger... It's a really waste of my time.
I think its terrible that you can't use the message service on the app without downloading something else. Screw that! Why should we?
very very.bad,..it's not expected from Facebook company..update version is far bad..really too much bad..it does take a lot of times to open...
no messages! otherwise sort of ok.
Super
I'm beginning to like!
Worthless
I know the argument: if its free, why complain? Anyway, WTF is going on with the new browse window? So not only is my feed now full of links to buzzfeed nonsense, but I'm stuck navigating with this POS.
Let the messenger an optimal choice again
Awsome
Gud for those people who have strong Internet connection....
Good
You can use browser instead of application.
I need the old version back
The fact that the FB app removed messaging into a completely different app that violates users' privacy is making me disregard any possible switch to Android as the FB app on iPhone didn't get crippled similarly.
Took a while for me to understand the many aspects of Facebook but I now love the app
Its use if u want connect with world and with ur life moment
Awesome ever
Good
No 1 application in world
Abcde
You have to download this dumb app to message people not worth it at all
Flight book
Ok
Loved it
App is forcing us to install messenger
Good
Good
Chowder
Best app thanks
Rubbish having to install  additional messenger app to view messages now
Excellent
Not bad
Excellent
Muy bueno
After being a long time user I'm uninstalling (like so many others).   This low ball forced switch to the messenger app that constantly interrogates peoples devices of the users info, while requiring another app to be installed is ridiculous.  Facebook execs have lost sight of what made Facebook popular to begin with...an all-in-one social network. As soon as they take aspects of that network away, they are basically destroying themselves. A new social media app is heading our way and Facebook will vanish.
Very nice facebook but video not playing
Good stuff
I don't like the fact that you can use my camera without my permission, I have a young child, how do I know that a paedophile doesn't work for you and taking pics of my little one? For this reason I have deleted the app
F the new fb app!! Bring back the old one!
Always improving. Always better than b4
I don't like the messenger app i cnt get to my older messages
Good
Please fix it.
I like it ,...
Facebook its very good for me
Get it right please cant watch videos and its slow!!! Hate it
Superbbbbbbb
M lovng It!!! :-)
GIVE US A WAY TO GET OUR OLD VERSION BACK
Love it
Just updated and actually seems more jumpy/laggy when scrolling through news feed? Wish I never updated now as was fine before (well, fine unless you wanted to play any video on your news feed, in which case it would take a frustrating long time constantly pressing play to get pass the "error" messages!!) and for the record, these problems are both whilst using WiFi (fibre optic) so it is not a signal issue. EDIT: just noticed, videos no longer play at all, just the little circle thing spins round
Very good thank for google plaw
Nice
New version streams videos automatically,  so make sure you have unlimited data if you plan to use this much when away from WiFi. My cell phone bill was outrageous this month, so good bye facebook app.....
Better looks than previous version
Great
Really beautiful, but why the, hell do you guys keep forcing us to see top stories instead of most recent? Nobody wants to see top stories, we wanna see most recent. To do so I have to drill down through a menu click on it every single time to get the stories in posts in the order they should be in to begin wEven worse, if you go tomorrow and select most recent, it'll work. But you have to do it every single time you enter the app. Or if you hit back it'll go to top stories and you have to go select again
It is a wow app
Like
It's just gets too addictive
Loved it
Facebook
Good
The apps shutdown I called t mobile they suggested to install and uninstall the shops
The app take too much space that i cant update it every while moreover the masenger you forced me to download it while i dont need it it just take space
Good app
Best app ever
Its messenger is very slow....
Nice
Shows peoples status that are from a while ago. Need to show recent status.
Best App update
Playing a video keeps giving me an error message, I can never finish watching any video in Facebook because it closes itself
grt
I have the same error over and over again. The error isn't only with some videos it is with all videos. Of I play them on the Internet app they work.
My phone is the only way I can get on FB. Since I factory restored my phone and I can't receive sms messages, I can't get my approval code. So, I can no longer access my account....
i like....
...so Incredible bad, you need an ekstra app to be able to Chat with others -will never download an extra app just for that, why the hell not integrate the two apps in one. It's so stupid.
It is bad enough that big brother snoops, not going to allow social media to do this to me also!
Yessss
WORKS FINE BUT IS STILL BUGGY AT TIMES. TURNING OFF NOTIFICATIONS DOESNT ALWAYS WORK. NEEDS ABILITY TO BLOCK APPS/GAMES | HUMAN520 ON FB.
Cant see videos on facebook keep getting error message
App continues to disappoint at EVERY turn.
Thanks
Very slow.. doesn't run smooth at all on my phone.. my phone completely hangs off just because I logged into facebook. Uninstalling it.
Great
From 5 to 1.  Taking away the ability to write Pms in favor of a standalone chat app is just asinine.
I don't know what's happening. But a pop up keeps appearing on my screen quite frequently saying "Facebook is not responding" even though I'm not in the app. . It's little annoying.
It takes more time for loading.
Xu hu
WTF ?! I cant log in to facebook on my tab since it says please check your connection and my facebook on my mobile phone is working normally and everything on my tab works normally except facebook solve this problem quickly !
Azar
Its ireeee u know
Needs to be updated. Slow as heck, pictures, messages, and notifications take forever to load IF they load. App is junk.  7/22/14 - MUCH improved! Getting there! I refuse to download the messenger app. Same permissions as this app I just think it's rediculouse.
I lv it
Cant even message on this app anymore they force you to download another app when this one used to work fine
Lots better
The only thing i dont like is. It uses to much memory... other that its great.
Loved it for, my phone
Mst hai boss
There should be an option to download videos.
Good and fast
I liked it before(web version), it's going to take a little getting used to again but... I don't want Facebook reading my NON Facebook mail. ZTE takes up too much space. Hello? Big Brother, is that you? "sorry but an unknown error has occurred"
Nice one
Easy &convenient
Learn it.   No copy and paste in this app.  Why?
Slow performance
2014, still can't play HD Video. T.T
April May Santoya
So so
But Slow & Hang
Nice update
I don't know what socalled improvements you guys made but they're not good more like downgrades  what gets me the most is that it's not working properly with any wifi and it's sluggish. Come on guys get it together the previous version was just fine if it ain't broke don't fix it
Can't stand the revolving changes and privacy policies. Bookmark in browser is enough for my needs. Might soon forget about that too.
Some issues but love Facebook
I'd give you a zero if I could. Quit changing crap and put messenger back on the actual app I stead of having to add another app! There is already a page manager for those who own pages. Now the messenger on top of the regular fb app... Let's just give you every bit of memory stored on my phone. Jerks!
I really don't want to install another application to message people... uninstalling as many functions now require the messenger
I Love it
When I go to facebook it won't load or my screen stays back
I like it
John and  Roxy
I don't like again how they changed to what they think is most important updates first. I want it the way it was.
Es increible
Not bad....
I have to say major need of an update. update of the picture feed stops, Force closing, and the fact that half of the notification come 2 hours later.
I liked the old facebook better, where the emojis on Androids actually looked like the ones on your phone on the comments, now, I hate how they look as if you were on messenger. Can you please fix this?
Incredible improvements in user interface....
Hii
Thanks
Time pass. ..
Enjoy
Ok
Awesome
A gift to the NSA and GCHQ
Gail Morroq
I hate the update
Little slower
Can't tag someone that not my friend.
You cant reply to the comnebts. Fix it plz
Privacy problems!  Removing it!
NOT DOWNLOADING IT!!
This is great
Facebook
Outclass
Don't want to have to download an app to view my messages. Don't think it's right.
First off ...it's too big it won't update ..second off ...I don't like that I can't see my messages ..fix it and I'll give a better rating ..k.thx
Cool
Went into app settings. This app allows your camera and mic to be used without your permission. It allows access to your incoming and outgoing calls. It even allows this app to access your contacts. Deleted.
It just gets worse with every update. So frustrating.
You can't turn off notifications,  only pause them till tomorrow.. WTF!
Good
Wow its nice
Fb  sony  fast  use  and  more
Great stuff!
Please Facebook, nobody likes seeing old "top stories" on their newsfeed. Everybody wants fresh content. Please set the default Newsfeed to Recent Posts insteas of Top Stories. Everything else is working fine.
New version is crashing......
this version always sucks.
Fast
Awsome
Descartin
Sometimes it's works sometimes it DON'T
Just keep messages in the Facebook app. And make Facebook  links open in the app and not in a web browser.
Avtarsinghrawat
This app is one slow and freezing program on android.... thanks
hihihi
The
Great app. Can do almost everything and quickly
Kenapa versi terbaru harus instal FB massager, menuh2in kapasitas bikin lambat kinerja Gadgets. :-(
Excellent...
Nice
Very good but speed is very slow
Good all old friends in
Where do I start? Spinning wheels, gives old news feeds , won't play videos, pictures won't post. It wouldn't let me log out of Facebook while it totally drained my battery. Log in failures, To comment on somebody's post is non existent, if you do get to see a video when you back it it gives you a news feed error. This new version totally blows.
Its stupied it logs me out
Forcing the new FB messenger on people was a big mistake.  I've decided to get rid of it all.. Deleted and I hope others follow.
i can't send messages for some days now. gush!!!
Good
Written
Goooood
Not food
Attention Required
Keeps crashing after update
Poor
Its changing into some stupid idk man. Jst like MySpace bavk in the day.
V good
Good job
This update is extremely slow taken 7, 8 minutes for setting up even using 3g internet.. Pictures quality is very bad.. Never loaded in full resolution. I Hate this update.. Disapponting. It deserve zero star..
Vg
Because I'm now being forced to use another app to check my messages (which I refuse to do) I'm deleting this app! The convenience is no longer there and I don't need two apps taking up that much memory on my phone. I hope the developers come to their senses and realize what a huge mistake this was!
Latest update is very very very irritating.  Be very simple.
Meh
This app is exellent but I uninstalled it and the tried to install it again and it says that download is unsuccessful
Good
Enough said.
Ugh its so irritating to go to messenger every time. Bring back the old version.
You need to bring back the older version, fb messenger is a waste of time, not to mention the fact that it has permissions such as take photos and videos WITHOUT YOUR PERMISSION. Like what are youz playing at? Please don't force us to download messenger!!
Black berry zenten
This app will control every device its downloaded onto and invade all your privacy including emails, bank accounts, use of your contact logs and even control you video/camera and Mic. I would like to know why they need to do this without letting the public know! Oh oh wait...... it's in the small print. FFS
Facebook blows nothing but immature drama on here
Love it
awesum app
its super except the hangings
Cool
+average excellent
Thanks
Wow....what a lovely creation of this nw fb app...I'm happy to hv this app
loved it
Crashes almost every time I open 1 star
This  site is okay
Keeps me up to date with family and friends ..Thanks guys
Uninstalled due to highly intrusive policies for Facebook Messenger app.  *** Update *** Looks like Facebook has now added the intrusive permissions to the standard app as well. Read permissions carefully.
DONNT NEED THE KINDS OF PERMISSIONS THAT ARE DEMANDED! Incredibly complicated to go through my News Feed from Most Recent. Don't like the general layout of the new look.
Dont want the messenger app
Im not alaou d to have it
Great
Good apps i like u .
Do you really wanna advice for this apps to work flawless in your device ? Go to settings : uninstall - clear data & then try to installed again with helping from your own Mobile/Modem WIFI, that works for me !!!
Use to be great but now it sucks
Nice
I cant see the profile pictures... Awfullllll... And I don't want to install your fuckin messanger
Bring back the old version... Seriously hate u guys...
One of my most used apps.
Tastebook
Irenc yuklenmio
I can't watch any videos now!! These updates are horrid! Bring back messenger and my ability to watch videos! Hating Facebook lately
I like to see this FACEBOOK APP
Super
Would it be possible to allow the user to upload a photo directly after being taken from the phone into a group or another friend timeline? Right now it only allows me to do it directly in my timeline and share to another afterwards. Do it directly and your app will be 5 stars! I've just updated my rating to five stars. You did it! I can't imagine anything now to improve this mobile.version. congratulations. It even runs flawlessly in my very outdated sensation xe. Congrats, once again
Great app
Obviously, Facebook is a part of our life. And with this app, it couldn't get any better. :D #happiness
Awesome way to keeep on contact
Liked the older version better.
It ok
Nice one
I HAAAATTTTEEEE THE MESSENGER. take the messenger please And stop forcing it down our throat. It crashes every now And then.
Nice app
Awesome
khairul isalam
Well its good but i want it to be better . well still keep up the wrk
App keeps closing sometimes with a reason n sobmetimes not.. its bullcrap ... 3 times today! Fix it or im sooo done
It's OK
Fuckerbergs wife's a beard lol
Yesd
Very good software
Wish you stop changing things
Great app...love it :D
retards bring back messenger in the app
Can't  see/view my posts to other's timelines.  Bring back the original messenger  feature (without) the separate  app.
World's Most Use Messanger Now In Android.Grab it & Stay Connected With Your Friends & Family.
They have Hackers
Please bring back messaging as apart of the app.
hey guys i like the update but why not make facebook black and red?
Truly they made it more sucks than ever happens. You are wasting our time with messenger and fb app.
Awesome
Need so much access to private things in my life and now I can't message w/o being monitored by the police for sensitive material
Update
: )
Superb Apps
Crashes when playing videos!!
Worst Facebook update ever.when I installed this it's almost eat up my system memory.The Facebook size got 3 times bigger after installing.If u are not fixing this issue I'm totally done with this app.
WTF
Good
Since I updated Facebook I can't collect   coins  From my games
Nice
LOVE IT
Great!
You suck I wouldn't give any stars if I had that choice ur completely dishonest and horrible
Great
I give you all my private data, but that's not enough. Now you're forcing me to install your even more privacy sucking messenger app. It was working fine!
Good
Bad
Thanks again
Permission to read texts and access personal information is so disrespectful. Very disappointed with the level of privacy on this application.
Smooth and simple

Super Invasive. Need I say more. Ok I will. Face Book is getting really irritating these days. I don't want my picture icon popping up on peoples screens annoying them when they're not in the mood and vice versa.  Move back to giving us a choice. Hey Face Book!!! Your over doing it and with all these permissions, your just making people paranoid and annoyed. There is spooky many things wrong with this. Consider those in the film/music industry. Your killing hard earned relationships.
Must download
I want REPLY option in comments, then I will give it 5 stars.
every time I open the app it either closes itself or says is unresponsive, I have to open & force close about 4-5 times before it final loads.
I love this
Video doesn't play. Has to switch to desktop version to watch my videos.
Its ok bring back the old version ..fb messenger does not help here ...wasting time go to fb messenget
Fun
Nice
Bring us a Facebook software that can be worked from an SD to have more space in our phones thus allowing updates of other sofrwares
Trusted
Want most recent not top posts bring inapp messaging back
Great Works
just use it
This app has become the worst...  Recent timeline is not recent. Stupid.
AFTER LAST UPDATE IT SUCKZ CAN'T can't post status takes over 3 tries stop updating n start fixing it !!! Had to uninstall n install n several times
Do not like fb messanger. While open I can not receive phone calls. I am in medical field and need access to phone. Please fix. I had to uninstall so now can't receive messages. Not happy
Its nice
Like the old version 100% better
I'm so tired of fb changing every other week.  I'm using it less and less. It's annoyance and privacy invasion features are ruining it.
Stupid you have to use messenger takes up to much memory
Needs a few tweeks and it will be better than the iphone app
Good
The app is too large. Download size is wrong. Memory hog. Makes phone run slow. Crashes constantly. Requires second app just to read messages.
I love it
I love this app it's awesome for keeping up with family and friends and because I have a messed up back I can't sit at the desk computer long at all so it is awesome to use Facebook from my phone Tyvm to all who have made this happen have a awesome year and God bless you all
After the latest update app keeps freezing all the time and some functions are just not working.
Love this
Madre esta buenisima,
Get rid of messenger!
Touch with frds
Awesome ;-)
WAY TOO MANY PERMISSIONS! n'The app NEVER retains its place. If I leave the app for any reason, for any length of time,regardless of phone settings,it's completely reloaded upon reentry,losing typed info and last location. It does this often even if I don't close the app as well. It's beyond annoying and inconvenient.   Also,even though you CAN access a "recent" feed,I still want it set as default. Why is this a problem? n' these few issues are only a small%. There's so many more. Seriously,get it together!
Title says it all. Bring it back.
Jashimshoa123
This app is easy and fast
facebook app on my asus zenfone 5 does not work well. why?
He.you
Remove the messenger..
!,,..,......
Awesome
I really love this app so much omg yes thank you
very low responding
Bring back messages.  It's utterly ridiculous to have to open another app to view them.
It's a varr y good apps for social network.
Bhalobaship
i like reading the newsfeed and seeing different thing on different ppls pg. great way to keep up with family and finding old friends
The app turned off automatically alot of times
Ok
Too invasive.   It violates my privacy.
Good.
Need to add option to unfollow posts and photos from notifications
Large chunks of time missing on timeline, need to clear data all the time for it to download a fresh, very frustrating, this is more prevalent when using most recent. Also uses far too much memory especially since messenger has to be installed separately, my phone memory is nearly full, so have to clear Facebook data almost daily. Not fit for purpose.
I like the separation between this app and the messenger but since the last update no videos on facebook will play. I'd give the app 5 stars if it weren't for that. ZTE Warp Sequent.
If my phone would let me delete it completely I would. You take way to many liberties with a persons information.
Wht a bullshit app. Its too much slow
Loved it
Nais
Facebook is very nice
Facebook think were stupid
Good but not fast
Unique
Facebook can do so many things without asking and people don't even know
why do I have to have the messenger app I already have this app .  just more for us to have to use .. come on fb I thought you was with our opinions
Hate the new messenger and the fact it plays "Big Brother" with our privacy.  Please bring back the old version!!!
Bulky. Fake.
Nyc
Very good but can't download video directly
F b mes
Facebook is starting to suck. Get rid of that retarded messenger app and bring back the old
Love it
pls some one tell me why can  t i watch movies of short films on face book any more..it is strang..pls help
Bring back the old facebook inbox , having to download Facebook messenger is too much and a waste of space in my phone . It should be an option to either use the facebook messenger app or not
Em lovin' it
When I play videos, the last 2-5 second is completely missed out which is even more annoying because the majority of the videos are only 6 seconds long :/
O.k
Won't download after android update wiped my last version!
No
Need some more features like search filters
The privacy permissions you need are ridiculous and needing a second app just for messaging is probably the dumbest use of space on my phones memory. I'll be deleting this and just using my web browser
Sosa
Facebook sucks big balls
Dddd
Updated it an it stoped working. Not starting at all. Had to restart device every time i tried to open the app.
Zendhge me khwab dhekhna jrure hey
Poor
I don't like the new version please change back to old Facebook!
its alright even though it goes really slow..
gr8 app
I luv FB ..it has become my life...a wonderful life..I never  feel lonly..Becoz FB is always with me...I mean my FB frnds are always with me...thanx ENTIRE FACE BOOK TEAM....
Nt getting dwnloaded at 3g Speed. FCK U....
Hustle
This app is easy to use and I love how fast it uploads.
Haistttttt ni need fb messeger no good app plssss stop see this app.my mobile....back the old version of facebook...
I love it
Awesome
Do we need to download messenger don't like it please fix it.
Connecting people...very good Tq
Nice app
Awesome apps
Ok try it
This shows fb has just about run its course...
Good is
READ THIS before you download this app, look carefully at the permissions on this app. It allows Facebook to take pictures and record audio any time without you knowing and record phone calls and texts/emails. These guys can practically hack your phone and you wouldn't even know it. Its like they're trying to be the NSA. Uninstalled! I don't like the feeling that Facebook can use my phone to spy on my personal life
yes
I like the new version but i returny version into old version because the old version is more better than . New version .
NOT RELIABLE
Enjoying it big time...
Pwoli app machane
Not bad
Nice
Good
thanks
Started off being brilliant. Now we are having major privacy issues and our 'data' sold. These issues will turn the tide.
I love it
I updated the app because i thought it would be better but this version was even worse than i thought.
Baba ji ka thullu
Please give me the old version of facebook. Pages are totally changed . Old version was good.
Its it possible for past too be in order from newest to oldest
anti boredom
If I scroll down & there's a video it force closes. And after the update I can't tag some friends in posts!
Got to down in messenger in order to send a message... FB always screws something up instead of making better
Cant see all online friends.....no video call...even hangout got that....other limitations....slow loading...
Johnsonzee87
I love it way better than Instagram always have and always will
Can't upload videos
I like fb this app is okay it is huge I don't like that it takes up so much space
Nice
Faster and easy
Awesome
Sorry but I don't want Facebook to have full access to my phone. Contacts, texts, emails, not to mention the cameras and microphones. All set with that.
They could do so much better.
It facbook is awesome
But some slow moment.....
Facebook wants too much access to your privacy.
this is wrong in so many waaaays!!
Updated to the version that makes me install messenger.  The other version worked fine
The Facebook app will not load and is really slow
I Love Facebok  :D        Because I Can Chat My Favorite Girl In The World. :)
Superb
Bravo
Horrible , people don't want more apps on there phone , taking up space c'mon
Super
First time user
GOOD FOR FINDINGS LOST FAMILA AND FRIENDS.
Big brother app
Sucks
I love it
Kshirsagar
I cannot use it anymore just gray screen(link to revert it pls.)
Not bad
Love it
Cool
messenger unwanted
Does privacy even exist anymore??????
facebook
Sucks will not up laid any of video
i cannot download the app everytime i download it its became error plz fix it......
Bad
Still slow
I can't see most of the recent posts
Friendly
Working
Lame all you want is data
Good

O
i cant download it again it says that Unknown Code Error Fix It.
Cant load videos and constantly hanggggg demmmmm!
Videos can no longer play after last update!!!
Is garbage this is all
Gr8
Have to use reverse psychology to get it to work
Rate just 2 stars due to messenger. Forcing me to download messenger is voilation of personal choice. Even messenger have lot of bugs. It hangs when you logout from messenger. Previous version was much better.
# one application for social contacts. I'm being a Sr.citizen enjoing much. For posting photo comments,please privide selection of folders instead of providing all photos of gallery that too in a scattered manner. Just like what is provided in Whatsapp, may be provided in Facebook also.
Updated verion is awesome very cool
Ilove the feedback section the most
Great
My contacts are not syncing with Facebook all over its good
STILL MY 3G WILL DROP OUT EVER TIME I USE FACEBOOK AND GETS FRUSTRATING, NO PSN TROPHY POSTING AND I COULD GO ON AND ON *Alot better than it use to be. Note 3 4.4os. :(
For those who want to update the new Facebook and messnger . . . Go and see what permission they want, what a he'll do they want to sniff in my pictures and emails and text messages. . . Shame on you Mark shame on you. . .
Facebook
Got to have Facebook
Not bad
Awesome
Crappy
Good work
Uninstalled this app. Used 95mb on my device and kept crashing itself and other apps when I tried to launch them.
Its very bad to install messenger jus to see messages on Facebook

Ju
A
reduce the memory consuption
This app. Us difficult at times,but okay..
Xyn
Simply awesome

It keeps downloading 50mb of data even if I'm not signed in, WHY. I'd like to be able to sign out every now and then and clear the useless data but it just downloads it back for NO REASON
oke
Just updated FB then signed in as usual but it just says "setting up facebook" what's that all about?, so uninstalled then reinstalled but it's still says the same "setting up facebook" . As for the "if you don't install it we're not giving your messages app" (hint of blackmail there) you can shove that where the sun don't shine.
very good app
O like it
App can be more simplified.. Like layout still not that live!
I like this facebook
Easy and beautiful
Like
It is just an amazing app
Hay do something for kit kat in pakistan. Play store is not working on dsl internet pakistan I am using s note 3
It's just nice
Nice app
Gando app
New Jerusalem Bible
Why do we need to download a messenger app?
Hiding the most recent view, removing messages, excessive permissions, privacy violations, psychological experiments on users... If I didn't have to use Facebook for work, I would have quit by now. Get your act together, Zuckerberg.
it's too much good
Amar r valo lagche na..
Facebook always lying about reliability and speed!!!
My videos are stopping during playing. The video of where the ice bucket dumping started which is over 5 mins long, took me 4 times to watch it all. Please fix!
There is no need for messenger and so what you can call people for free just update fb to the older version mark zuckerburg's fb will be another MySpace -_-
L ove Facebook
Nothing different
good
Cool

Love to use it...vary handy ...and..easy to use
Every time I try and watch a video, a message keeps appearing: "Sorry, an unknown error occurred while trying to play this video." After a few times of clicking OK after the message keeps reappearing it will eventually open the video but then a few seconds into the video it will stop and bring up the same message! #help
Get rid of messenger!
Should i do the update. It seems like no one likes this new update. I don't know if i should update it or not...
Ram drainer...
Nice app than whatsapp
Derp derp Derp
I cannot "like" posts using this app...
Mark suba
Old version was much better..bring that
Very good social media
Adoi
Not even starting! Crashing!
Hated it
It's beautiful..
Still waiting for a tablet version
Very good
Nice app
Good
Jofayda
Good
I cant tag people I'm talking to on threads of groups (and they're not my friends) but they can tag me. Please fix
after the last version of facebook....now i wanna to give u 100 stars...absolute work..because before last update if you open sms of FB you should to download messenger....now it doesn't tell me now....thumbs up for developer
Stupid updates and messenger...c'mon
this is very good compare to previoes version ...
Cool application. Handy.
The old version was better when you didn't have to have the messenger app.
Sooooooooo good
Superb
Apih everlast
abdulla
I don't even know that someone was mentioned in a post. So highlight that name with a different color from the caption.
No I don't want the messenger app.  No I don't want the messenger app.  No I don't want the messenger app.  No I don't want the messenger app.
This app is not realy good..
Plss add top comments
<3 .. F/B .. is the bomb .. :-)
i love it
I hate the new fb messenger!
Lovely
Its so slooooooow
Works okay now.
Nobody wants to download ur messenger.Bring back the old version.
Great
NICE
Stupid messanger app. Making me get the app -.-
Hate this app now you have tk install messenger to private msg and read mail fix it!!!!
Its great
good
Nice interface,would love to have regular updates and features. Keeping us stay connect with buddies across the globe.
It spys on you...
Awsom
This is rubbish
Rebuild motors .
That Why I Feel That Not Everyone Like It Bad 
Very bad
Bring back the old messenger..it's not fair to force users to download the new messenging app
Thanks for  face book
Slow to update. Occasionally crash-happy. Terrible photo download speeds. Batch photo uploads frequently fail for no reason.  Thought things would get better when Facebook announced they had forced their own employees to "droidfood." Guess not. Terrible app undeserving of its official status.
Could be much better and faster.. And i don't now why i have always change in my settings the order of news feed: i want to have the "most recent" option as my default setting and not "top stories"!!
Yadav
Junk
Like it much
don't like the fb messenger can't logout once login...grr
Why does this app. When downloaded occupies a bigger MB?? It makes my storage full.. Will you please fix it??!
updated awhile ago but i cannot open the app anymore.. keep on popping "facebook not responding" fix it asap
Assl
Need to improve
Love it!
Its was just awesome.
Facebook has just turned into videos and pictures. Its stupid now, I hardly ever see anyone's status and I never see the statues or posts of people I'm closest too, even when it has a check saying I've followed them.
thnx
do i really need to do that?just to have fb app?to run it smoothly?or better uninstall fb?which ?which?
Cant find pages you like. Searching is difficult.  mobile app doesnt show 75% of posts on your own page.  Dont want to download msgr there was nothing wrong with bwing able to msg in app before.
adik lng''' everyday I used, w/ my friend and all many people who want it'' like,,
Onther
Won't play videos!!!
Ok
Ravi sahani
NO MORE FB MESSENGER APP!

Just amazing
Anish raj
But it hang
Good communication society
Its ok
Love It
I love it
D best
the app DEMANDS I use messenger and my phone REFUSES to download it. just super....
Very nice
Why on earth do I need two apps to fully run Facebook now? I'm going to uninstall the app and just use the website.
I'm not able to download facebook videos after last 3 4 update!! It's totally getting worse!
I love this apps very much
I, m fine.
Very good
Nice
excellent
Cool
I have a Droid maxx. Great now to get messages I have to open another app??!! Arggggg
Older version was better
Nice
Oh, I like that messenger app of yours! I like it so much that I use only Web interface now!
Too much access to details and data
Always changing and not always a good change
Better than previus
Good apps
like that
I consider any app that doesn't allow to move to external SD card.
Nice;)
I just love this app awesome grrrrreat......
Good: it's facebook. Bad: they removed messenger because separate apps are "cool" now. Ugly: ads are no longer limited to the activity feed and will pop up to take over your screen.
Cia
It's cool dude
Like it
Video error.
Its not  very good bcz i not stisfy with this
About 50 percent of the time I try to read an article or link on someone else's timeline, hitting the back button to return to Facebook causes it to crash, and that means I have to re-open the app and scroll all the way to find where I left off... Extremely annoying. This has persisted over several updates.
Loved it
Mmm paravala.....
its Okkk
I prefer my news feed with the most recent posts first. The last update seems to have taken that option away on my mobile device. Give it back and I will increase the number of stars you get.
Highway
Good
Nice to have
If downloading multiple aps for one site was what I wanted to do I wouldn't use facebook. RIDICULOUS
nice
Naveed
Not bad!!!
Mess. Sucks..... we want the old version!!!!!
It takes my phone 5 minutes just to load the app. You really need to get this fixed or i will delete this app
Untunglah lewat fb aku berbagi cerita ama tmn" dan keluargaku
This aap
Amazing
just love it
Ok
To much internal spaced used.
Verry slow especially when I view the pictures. .
Facebook
It slows down a little times and uses a lot amount of data.
Excellent
Alive
Force to use messenger. That sucked.
Nice
It really works
From worse to worst
Most used app on my phone.
Fix your errors of videos otherwise I will close my Facebook accounts. And I am less  5 star 
Installed the new messenger and removed it 1 hour later.  This was not needed, the built in Facebook messenger was fine.
Why won't it let me send messages via the fb app? I read all about your system and I know that when I download the messenger, you can hack into my phone and track me! This app now stinks. I will be going back to the website
Give us iphone updated of Facebook in Grand otherwise It was not working
Like
Not good.
I HATE IT!  ITS always keeps freezing and saying "facebook not responding " when i always updating Facebook its getting  worst please fix it!  And bring back the old version PLEASE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Note 2
I don't wanna download messenger I want the old version back
Wow
Since recent update 8/19/14 app won't allow login. Can't use at all. 5 stars when I can login in again.
A tablet version switch or app
Good
every few minutes I have to close app Or report it. freezes and won't load
Great!
Froze at: facebook is setting up.
Please fix this problem, my xperia E1 still can't install Facebook app. What happen?
Not bad, getting better.
Bad
Poor
Nic app
aLways Error When I Post To TimeLine  ... PLease Fix It  ...
German
<33
BRING BACK THE OLD VERSION..fb messenger does not help here...wasting time to go to fb messenger just to view pms and one thing there's no log out once u open ur fb messenger......
Love it it's cooooooooool app you can free call on messanger
Like it
Superb
The fb very good
Good
Hate how yall made it where we have to download messager
Nice
Sirf tum
I love Facebook. I don't usually have too many complaints. But I'm really upset that I can no longer see my messages on this app. That's a really bad move on your part. Give us the option back please.
Great apps..!
Best for apps site in the world
Am a seven star.
Facebook
Gooooood
Sucks
Easy to use :*
Please make the app light but still included with the awesome functions you now have.
LOve it..
Like it!
Extremely amazing
Always shutting down
Nice very nice.
So nice to use its.easy give u 4 star...
Good
I like Facebook, and this app does a great job at keeping you connected. The only problem is that if you leave the app by following a link inside the app, you will have to restart back at the top of your news feed. Other than that, this app works great!
<3 <3 <3
I hate Facebook
Liked it
Great
I luv this app
Liked it
Good for my time
Cuando
Everything you wanna do can be done in a usual, sneaky way.. No need to force stuff..
First of all I don't like having my choice taken away of which source of messenger I want to use. I deleted messenger before the update because I realized you have access to everything on my phone. My camera, so you could tap into my camera if you wanted to. My personal contact list. My personal information. All of my photos. My microphone. You have access to everything with the messenger app and I don't like it. Its an invasion of people's privacy and its fishy. Bring back messenger on Facebook.
Good
It slowed down my mobile and takes a lot of time to open
Nice for memories n gud to be seggest
Nice social
violating personal integrity
I don't notice any difference in all these updates besides it taking up more and more and more and more space up on my phone
Take too long to load up this app also always says not responding
Good
Facebook is a great Aap
Love it
Facebook
Superb app
I can't upload photos on my timeline.
I am owner of MiMi Sports Company and I like facebook apps very much. Thanks
Good
Upgrade sucks .. videos don't play :(
Greats apps
Its speed is not good
Bad....!#!!!!!!
Gud
Loved it
Very
Really hate the new messenger its so annoying and when sending or receiving photos it would not function properly
good
Skkdd
It's so nice but I hope to make it better even the messenger it's slow I wish to make it faster.
Bandwidth is my major concern. I think there should be an option to save on picture clarity.
Very helpful to find a friends
Awesome app ever
Makes changes in my choice
It's just great app.
Mantabs
Facebook
Superb
long waited update.
Facebook
Love
I am unable to download videos from dis new update...either let me know how to do it or tell me how can I get the older version of facebook...please do reply...
Facbook
Good
Jack Hale
No options to change news feeds from top stories to recent. So you see same stories everytime. Try to reduce battery drain ...
WOw
It's wonderful
Nice
Facebook is always an addiction
Nice app
my all relative and frinds now my by hand
STOP FORCING US TO DOWNLOAD THE MESSENGER APP
Nthng to share just use it....its gd..
Not Good in xperia C
EIH
Logging in still slow.
I can't download the app
Nk rana
New update is much better8
Almost all experiences of desktop version
Since the update i can not watch any videos... Big problem needs to fixed ASAP!
Cant download.
Facebook is just awesome !! Cheers
Main
Its a great app I loved it
Bakit ganun ?? Tuwing mag uupload ako ng video ayaw ma upload??
Finally we can open links in fb app it's great but needs some fixes
Hope it would be better from previous updates......
Not bad
Good
Goood
Goood apssss
Best application
I would like to see more of the features of the full desk top version, but it keeps me in touch.
Its pathetic updates ( 0 star rate )
Good
The best version ever ,,,,,,,, waiting for better look
Dey need to be more private somethings should stay closed or unseen
every time an update is available, I cannot update the app..it says insufficient space even though i have a lot of memory space on my phone. In order for me to have the updated app, I really need to uninstall and install the app again. So inconvenient..
Tell your marketing people to go pound sand. I don't want yet another IM app, especially one with  intrusive permissions that I only might use twice a month. So I've done what FB apparently wants me to do, and stopped using FB Messenger altogether. Nice job, guys.
I wish that you add the file attachment feature
Wtv its good dude
Owsam
Best best best
Recently did an event and couldn't add a cover photo on my tablet or note 3 Had to use a desk top or laptop. who has one of those still? Just not good enough FB.
logging always tsk
Awesome
Great
Good
Can not download on Huawei
Very nice app
Fantastic communication device
Inn  my mobile it can't show pics
let me sort my news feed the way I want it, not the random way you may think I want it?
Excellent apps
Sae pisan euy
like it
My favourite fb so nyc fb
Facebook size increases day by day and it uses my 80 % of ram and uses a lot of battery so I uninstall it
Most recent stories are gone from main view.. you have to access them through a weird panel on the right!
Sweet
great app
I'm not happy with the new Massanger
I've been trying to merge my account for 6 months now, and when I want to log in it tells me my email account is wrong.Simply removing Facebook would safe time and mega bites.
Amazing
Very easy to use loved it
why i cannot post comment on facebook through mobile? its annoying
Improved
Connects old High School and College friends. Easy Going, As long as those peeps are on this social network you will always find them.
It's ok :D
This app has become less ram consumer after latest update.so it can be used in low ram devices.
Its just ok
Good
Always done
not bad
WE are very fortunate to have contact with Our friends and family members in an invirement this Wounderful involvement with the people who care about Us!
I cant access my messages from messages, it always demand for messenger.. that is unwanted.
Plz update
Verry importent in this time.
good
read the agreement people. They specifically say they can record audio through your mic at anytime without your permission and same with photos or video.... your basically signing away your privacy to these low life's. Send em a message Uninstal app and dislike with 1 star to lower their rating and hurt their stock market
Jungle nama
Uninstalled until Google bring back per app permissions settings. There's no need for Facebook to read my text messages.
Wonderful, Awesome and Gr8.
Its.okay but it lags a lot.
Good but poor when i open my facebook nd seen msgs they always seing me dwnload messngr i dnt wnt to download messengr...i wnt when i open i seen my all chts nd cnvrstnt in facebook nt messengr...
Its good till now! Thank you :)
Loved it. I give it 5 star. Wonderful job.
I can't send msgs by fb!!!!
veri nice
Great
ever since my facebook app updated i cant watch videos. whats up with that?
super
The chat not working
easy to use
Great! "
It's ok. Still prefer the previous version
Lovily
Hang in my galaxy core a white display show b4 running..
Its is good for my handphone....
The permissions suck.
EXCELLENT
Wife for indian
Superbly
Love u
Love this space hog.
I have one facebook
Nice
Facebook
94054188
Facebook
Excellent
This is Very good Aplication
Thank you
Love look Facebook page
if there was another fb app i would totally delete this.
Unable delete the photos posted and whatever deleted reappears. Please correct it
Always welcome. Facebook team are doing a good job.
I got automatically log out Lot of time a day
Like fb app long ago
Supper
Working normal

0 STARS INDEED..CANT UPDATE..NOT ENOUGH MEMORY..COME ON YA SUPPOSE TO BE BEST N BIGGEST APP IN WORLD..SORT IT OUT!!!!
Awsum source to touch wd any one n any where in world.n fabulous way to express n show our daily happenings..really loved it...but I have a complain that my message inbox is not opening..for many days..plz correct it..
Much more bugs than before. Newsfeed doesn't load, pictures don't show, likes need to twice to take action, notifications aren't updated.  Many many bugs...
Wont even load on wifi......Please fix it!! Update 8.19: nothing loads...and now I DON'T know how to upload more than 1 picture??? What is going on with FB? You now want to read my texts? You're so focused on being nosey now the app sucks!!
I couldnt reply to my fbmails. This app blows.
Bring back the in app messages
Good community
Improve the message part and you will get a four to five star.
5 star
Everyone must download this app because it the complete social app
Conect to each other
moon
its simply an easy way to explore fb
Good
Please provide options to copy the texts from pages and allow us to upload original pics not cropped one
Worst ever app of Facebook for android.....all features doesn't work and the developer is just a shit wants user review but never respond or improve to user grievances...every one should stop using Facebook nd its app..Google plus is much better
Very gud
Good
Asllani
Needs improvement Takes a lot of time downloading the app.
It's very good but then I still don't have much speed on it.
Ok hai ......
Helpful. :-)
Massages is one of the most used functionality and now it isn't available. At least remove the messages tab
Nice aap
Good
love this place
Assistant Director Of Sales & Marketing
Croping profile pic... is very bad...
Saya suka
NYC app
It is like ios but it keep turning off after 5 min need some improvement it took up to 100MB WTF!!!
ganun p din nman walang pinagbago.. :)
I like it
Loveit
Always hangs, getting irritated. Kindly fix the problem.:@
Iam not useing it
It drains my memory so fast whether im not using it.
Awosem spp
Nice application....
The link works within the app... Great update.
There's not enough free space on my phone to download the update. I installed the messenger for 10 minutes to see a message, then deleted the app. I am now reading my messages exclusively through Chrome. I'm kinda glad I can't install the update. I almost always hate change.
Cool
Excellent
Insists on showing me what it thinks I want to see rather than latest or most recent. Some post that I've seen all day still there so annoying
Unhappy with the transition to a separate messaging app but otherwise a smoothly implemented app.
Still receive notification to update my app even though my fb apps is the latest version
Yea
I love it.
Awwsm
Loved IT :)

Now it's a available for everyone. I'm loving it like MacDonald
It sucks because I cannot redownload It
Wala lng
Good enough
I love it
Its quite good in City areas but very slow and overheating battery esoecially in remote places..
I think its crap your forced to download another app just to check message. Its ridiculous
Wow
Heavy......
Stop trying to tell us what we want to see in our news feeds! We can make decisions for our selves!
Updates, keep changing settings
Video is not playing in my canvas turbo
Goof
Soooooooooo bakwas
Verry poor
I do not another app to message ppl and videos always have an error
make it run faster and smooth
Note.3
Good
Don't dl a separate app to continue to use messages; don't let them treat you like that. You don't deserve it. Instead, dl a mobile reskin app or just use the mobile site. Uninstall this garbage.
Wicked can't live without  it
FuCkin Freak ! FB !
Application
Love this app the only problem is some of the users can't mind their own business. If things put on Facebook you don't like just shut up and go about your business.
No videos will play right, I click on a video it starts to play then freezes, used to work fine, plz fix
Just ok
§±§à§Ý§ß§í§Û §Ú§Õ§Ú§à§ä§Ú§Ù§Þ, §á§â§Ú§Ý§à§Ø§Ö§ß§Ú§Ö §à§Õ§ß§à §Ñ §Õ§Ý§ñ §ã§à§à§Ò§ë§Ö§ß§Ú§Û §ã§Ü§Ñ§é§Ñ§Û §Õ§â§å§Ô§à§Ö... §¥§Ö§Ò§Ú§Ý§í ! §¯§Ñ§ç §ß§Ñ §ã§ß§à§ã, §Ý§å§é§ê§Ö §Ó §Ó§Ü§à§ß§ä§Ñ§Ü§ä§Ö §Ò§å§Õ§å §ã§Ú§Õ§Ö§ä§î §Ú§Ý§Ú google+
Hebat
I
Joellatorre
It hangs after a long use then it gets large storage on my system even i located it in my internal memo..
jayshree
I need this app
I am not ableto entre any group
The first thing
slow speed loading
Gooooooood
After last update Every time I try to open my events it freezes then Facebook closes.
Good
Fantastic app......
Fixed , better after last update
Love this app
Lovely
Requiring a separate app to message people it just stupidity to another degree.
Can't open
super
When i open the status its going back to the home.pls fix it. And its really sucks to wait.
(Rating: ZERO STARS) Bring back the built in messenger. Forcing me to install the separate messenger app is a big violation of my right to choose! A BIG BULLY, COMMUNIST-LIKE ATTITUTE!
Very Good
It's Working excellent on my s3  i wonder why did these people vote 1 Star maybe their devices are craps .. excellent app
When fb removed messaging from this app, they removed one of a couple reasons I use fb. I will not install a second data and personal info hungry app just to replace what I already had, I will just use another platform.
I'm still having trouble uploading videos and pics on my home wifi.
Nice kk
Love it
nice
Majboori kyuki link isse hi ho sakta he. Sabhi friends fb per hi hain.
very good app in nokia x  rom lewa os
Facebook is a very good app. I like it very much .
Too much RAM consumption.
Awesome it is...
nice
Raj roy a.m.a aligarh
Good
Add some features like edit and delete
Lol
Nice app
I like the Web Facebook much better..
I might wanna upload pic from other directory than camera roll...
Very, VERY sluggish. Freezes allot. Instead of moving forward, they're going backwards.
Supper
Not updating. This wants an insane amount of permissions like the messenger app. Why does it need to send email out without my knowledge? Why does it need access to my texts?  Screw you Facebook. Keep it up I'm deleting this app entirely.
App is very slow on Motorola Razr I, please fix
awesome
good
error in downloading
Automatically updated apps...awesome performance.  I like it.
Full enjoy for this app
I like this
There is nothing new
Why can't upload photo? Everytime want to upload a picture, it's goin to new feed's b4 i can upload.. can't even see my gallery lol.. hmmm..
Keeps me connected.
******
Good
Why is my news feed completely different on pc vs. Mobile app? I miss a lot of posts because of this. And why can't I have the news feed be sorted by most recent by default? Its retard to see posted 1 hr ago, yesterday, 4 hrs ago, last night, etc. And when I try to view pics it will say 23 in album but only show 2.  Doodoo product
I'VE FOUND SUCH A NICE FRIENDS ON FACEBOOK....
Cannot see latest/recent posts by friends/pages wth?
Balik kg.wariu
This update is very good fast and reliable plus its got a modern look to it
just get rid of that messenger thing...bring back the original messaging...
Videos don't play
hi.yun mi narong
Wow
Good
Excellent
Facebook
Wish you
difficult to downloads photos
Everthing latest updated
Its an app having love frndshp emotions joy sadness..every feelings
So disappointed FB has disabled messaging in this main app. Also I can't find an option to sort the news feed by "most recent", which my old version allowed.
Excellent update
Sooo kiuot
Facebook will not respond when turned on. Keeps shuting off. Lau ncher stops.
Good
Read the permissions b4 you accept!
Nice
Most awesome social media ever!!!
No substitute as of now.
not upto the mark...
Awesome
but so sorry this apps cannot save videos which i watch on it
You cannot attach pics on comments while using this app.. need this problem to be solved soon.
Xperia C
Why Do I Need To Download Facebook Messenger To View My Messages On Facebook ?
newest
not refreshing
Khir gavo
Wow
Only 3 stars bcz this app always hang
Don't like the way it shows the timeline
Malsingh
==
Nice.........
Sho
This messanger contact u with ur old friends as well as some good people
Great
Good
Super waste of time, this app always force closes.
Good
Like it
19,799,550
Nice
Good one
Nice
It is amazing app from we can aonnect to each other it is most famous app in  world which I like many more
Bla bla bla
good
Never seems to lode recent posts I look and there all from days ago! Facebook apps never seem to work. They always go wrong!
Not wasting my time saying why just You all are horrible
Smoth funning
i love it but its nw made compulsory to take massenger its nt good
It's really slow.. and the messenger thingy ..  :/
I been trying to download fb app 3x now and it wont download
Better for fastest usage
It is soo good
Better
Loved the new version.
I love it
Goooood

Gud for nothing :-P take's too tym while loading news feed
Facebook
Too slow.
Yes
Nice
I now like using facebook now I know how to use it I also use facebook messanger I talk to my family in the uk every day
Now you have to download the stupid messenger app. Its extremely annoying and inconvenient.
Vary good
Stop attempting to force messenger on to people. Having seen it it is no better than the old messaging system (which didn't require me to give information I have no desire to make public domain). Frankly with all the advertising I also have to wade through this app now only gains any stars as a tool to keep in touch with family abroad.
Needs a little more work.
good
Thanks
The permissions for this app is scary!!Why should I allow fb to use my camera and mic at ANYTIME without my knowledge!Also I am NOT downloading messenger just to use the inbox messages!what a joke.why do I have to have 2 apps to run 1? Goodbye fb app.. keep it up and I'll be deleting my profile too! Rediculous, major privacy setting need changed!!
nice ap bt not on 2g
Since updating I can't scroll on my tablet anymore as all pics cause it to freeze and flicker on my screen. No good.
Facebook
Utter crap.
Haroon Haroon
It's okey
Awsome .
Kumar
Wants way too much access to your info, camera, contacts and more.  Relying on ppl to click accept.
Love it.
For me, less hang please huhu
nice app, but it is always malfunction i can't open my account easily. can you fix it?
johar
Superb
Not bad at all
Woooooooooooooooo
Awsm....
Woowwww... Amazing.... Fastest browser.... Download soon guyzzz
Like it
Works like a charm for me.
Minus 5 stars....f..k.n useless.
Gud one social media platform
Exstra app
Good one
Super
Kumbhare
Facebook is a disease
Smooth and awesome
Ehhhh, Could Be Better. I Loved The Way It Worked On My S4...But While Waiting On My Replacement Phone I Have To Use My Old Samsung Phone & The App Kinda Sorta SUX On This Phone...Sooooooo, I Blame The Phone NOT The FB App : )
nice
FB
good
It s awesowem
Super
superlove it
Nice application
Good
I always happy with facebook
Wtf is wrong with you. Messenger is now mandatory else fb app will not show my messages? Lame!
Nice and understanding
nice app
Nice
WTF.!
Its ok
Very bad
Best app of the world
I am using Sony Xperia T2 Ultra. It have big screen but in my home screen Facebook Widget is very small. It's only cover my half screen and rest screen is blank :-(
Slowly but good
love it
amazing wonderful
Come. one. moov. faste
Its a best way to keep in touch with school & college friends.
After i update,the apps cannot open and crash. please fix it.
Not goof
In liberia,west africa
siiip
Awesome
The app is so poor, video error, isn't even a consistent error, usually says it four seconds in, but have been able to play whole video and say it at the end, picture loading is poor as this is with me on 4G so no excuse... Timeline all messed up, can't put it too recent or anything so can see same thing in four random places for example. So poor. Thumbs down from me 

N.      Psk
Chandrakantbote
Showing error while uploading the news feed. Its far better before this update. And still its bot fixed. I think now facebook also take their users for granted.
Eversince the latest update. ..Facebook dose not open. ..just crashes before it opens. ....
COOL AND INTERESTING
Love
Good..
Ok fine
Can connect to friends and family all over! Love it! Love the stickers! Getting more impressive! :) :) :) :D :D :D
Videos does not work can't open them..
This is awesome
It does not shows video album wtf!
Good
There is no reason why we should be forced to download an extra intrusive app just to continue sending messages.
Simply best
Liked ...
Rraly like it very much
This is find by three friends who was doing software engeeniring in school I also wamt to develop a software like this  at en I want to say thank you to three friends
Could Do better.
Gr8..
Jah blessed
Good
Facebook needs to get a calendar. I select the "most recent"option and I get yesterday, yesterday, 5th August, 3 hours ago, ten minutes ago, 25th JUNE!!! then back to last night.
So nice
This app won't open on my gallexy s3
I love to meet new people
Video is not streaming well from last two updates.. If u think that is my connection problum than am sorry to say all the videos at dailymotion,youtube working fine
Kadak
Keeps me in touch with all my family and friends back in the Caribbean sweet.
Wow
Amazing
Facebook app turns off wen i play any video.. I hate this
Always error open slowly.loading to long.always error. Crash.. very very very slower. Make my telphone slower.. error.  Unistal
My choice
SOMETIMES I GET NOTIFICATIONS AND SOMETIMES I DONT PLZ UPDATE ASAP!
I update my facebook but there r sum video download problems so i use software
I love u facebook
Love
Wow
Wonderfull,
Very good
Just alright... rather slow at times...
Very nice app
Inshad ail
Super....
Facebook
Hope all my contacts and pictures don't delete themselves again like the last time I updated fb.
Social networking its good
It works ok. I just don't like the fact you have to keep going to the 'most recent' button to see current news feeds. Why not an option for permanent 'most recent' feed? Still giving FB a one star because of your POS excuse for a messenger app
Good
Why apps design was changed without change schreenshot on store? Only me? I rate rhis as poor due to facebook's chinese, not due to app specificatins.
Kyu
Bring back the old messenger, video error on sony experia Z
My Facebook
It's a great way to get your friends.
098765
Nice
Ok
After i update it its getting slow pls fix it
Ermm tak de pe nak cakap
It connect the people.
Hiii
it's no longer crashing like before n I hope this update will not disappoint me
Very nosey app !
It won't even let me download it. Of course (it is more than likely this old fucked up sprint  phone I've got, but don't tell anyone okay... ;)
Newsfeed does not stay current always says yesterday
It doesnt working
Its Superbbb
Suprbbb
BT improved video n audio chat. ....make some more new changes
Plz update with video downloading option
Good
i like it
420 blaze it fgt Darude sandstorm dislike.this.is.ur from illuminati /@\
Keep it up.......
Good
Epek  Hhk
Safi sana
Good
Love it some much.
Great
This app is so good and I loved it!
Good
Very slow
Should work on design, looks boring and same.
important sick and tired of fb messing with me. you have messed up my bingo blitz account now when i try to go into fb my password is not aloud and you won't let me reset it. this is complete bs !!!!!!
Videos not working at all fix this!!
I hate the new messaging cause it slows down the mobile and it stays on the screen after you turn it off. BUT BIGGEST BULLS*** IT TJAT IF I LOOK AT THE NEWS I NEVER HAVE TO TURN IT OFF IT ALWAYS STOPS WORKING AND TURN OFF IT SELF...
Its my life.
I'm  a singer a rapper
Prettier qewd
Good app
Wtf is wrong with fb
Menarik
Why would you need to change my my contacts?  Looking at the permissions just reminded me why I didn't install messenger too.  I'm uninstalling. You don't need to be able to have that much information about me.
I love it
Best way to connect with frnds and family
15001600aa
This is the best thing of this app.....
Good
Facebook is useless spoiler
Not very user friendly anymore. Facebook app no longer complete with having to download another app just for messages. Found it best to delete app and add a shortcut to my phone for Facebook via my browser. Problem solved and freed up memory on my phone.
U
Fine
Daksh123
facebook
Good app but when i chat with someone it always says download mseesenger so i can't chat with someone plz think about this error
This is realy a nice aap install it its work good so five star,,,,,,!!!!!!
Some times facebook app is not working properly
Dk
No privacy.
Great!!
Elegant design. Good work.
Last
Gooooooooooooood
Smh at the new updates
I can no longer tag friends in just first name. When I remove the last name, the ENTIRE tag removes itself and am FORCED to use ONLY full name. I updated the app today since the problem began and even reported it to Facebook on MULTIPLE times WITH screenshots and the problem STILL lingers
The Reply button underneath peoples comments, on mobile Facebook!! Been DYING for that!
Nyce
Best app in the world
After update it says error loading news feed
Good
Better if the weight of the app is more lighter...
Since update its crashing alot and wont let me post photos just goes back to homescreen
Good
TOO MANY UNUSEFUL UPDATE, WHICH EACH JUST USE MORE RAM.
Sometimes time it hard ta get  my post on but other then that I think it OK  so far!
This app most useful
Facebook at its best
MatpulaS
For open a facebook a/c,please compulsory to give a contact no.its help to closed faq a/c and we found jenuene frnds.
Taking too much ram resulting in force close and hang.... Allow it to transfer to sd card so it will b easier to use and no issue of occupying space
Good good
Many bugs
Love it
Aplikasi yg dibutuhkan dlm hidup...! Hehehhe...
A great app..
No thanks to having a spy app on my phone and hate the way Facebook thinks it know better than me what I'm interested in. It doesn't. Uninstalled.
It's great
FB wants to link to everything - I wish I could use it stand alone.  It does thinking for me. I have less control.  Besides most of my friends never use it. Other mediums work better.   Also filled non stop ads mostly...annoying.
Awesome
Please update on it's own like my other apps!
Love my ...C.C.Leong.ERIC.
Goooood
Gud like it alot
Facebook chat on fb is better than Facebook messenger
76059937
Awesome app
Very wow men
Ok
Awesum
Nathing
Need copy paste option for text on screen
Sometimes news feed is not updating
Very lovly
So many force closes, hate the messenger app, awful for watching videos since the last up date, slow and laggy, seriously considering deleting Facebook permanently. Massive thumbs down.
Jesus
Good
Love it
Khitish mandal
Nice
Very big size apps so give small size
Please fix this
good
Nice...
Its a great and easy way to keep in touch with everyone
I m lovng it
Could be better.
Dharmik
Text in message could not be copied, please improve on this. Every update consumes lot of data, reduce size of updates
Nice fb
Why i cant donwload this its always say cant donwload dont have space
Cool n connecting all
Best app ever
Very very good app
Its simply great
Error in uploading
Good aps Nice to share
The Facebook application for Android devices is a very good & helpful for me... Through this I can access my Facebook profile very easily. . .            It also help me to get my notifications....
E ok
Its amazing apps baby
Thakor
I am very happy your creativity apps.I have lots of create new friendship or advertiment.
It,s god
two stars for removing chat feature..
Nice n useful::
can't get birthday notification
Play games and watch movies won't work but it is good
Too many unnecessary & intrusive permissions + losing basic functions = uninstalled app.
wow
Cant get to my videos? Now unless i install messenger i cant view or send messages!
Good media
I don't think fb needs all of these permissions. It's kinda creepy
Good
Gloria Thielman
i don't like the fact that it takes so long to log in and log out and that it stalls when u r looking through it.
Superp app
Fbholic
keeping up with friends is faster than ever  . See what friends are up to . Share updates, photos and videos . Get notified when friends like and comment on your post
not bad
Sooooooooopperrrrr
Update vartion super
I love this
Like it
I refuse to allow you to have access to my personal information. I'm done with everything Facebook. Thank you.
Its shit house allwase freezing
It really works fast
Pranayananda swain
Supper
Good
I like it
App
Average app !!
Slow and slow, just like sticked by glue. Not the network, but the app itself.
It closes me out and every time I have to uninstall it and some of my other Apps some times this doesn't even work. It's getting quite annoying
Itsmeeh!
All
Change needed
It is  best and comfortable
Like it
Hari Jyothula
The best ..
no comment...
I hate that users are forced to download messenger now. It'd be better if it was all one app.  However it is easier to post pictures through the app then on seb browser.

Not bad but this aap is totally time wasting
I DON'T WANT TO DOWNLOAD FACEBOOK MESSENGER TO SEND MASSEGES!
Video dont show
Good
Play
great...
Gurung
When i add friends it says there was an error adding friend then my account will logout
Loved
Good
Wow
Fine
Gud
If you'll make the apps bytes smaller Make it 15mb to 10mb and its perfect.
Beta
I hate when people see what I like.
Every update's getting larger and larger in size. And it's using too much of the memory storage! Every update made it slower and slower!
Love it
Mine
Waste app
Nothing loads anymore.. no pics no comments. N the messenger I refuse to download to all the emails privacy issues.
Old version
M
Mr. Terry L. Roe
And faster
Having to download Facebook messenger is annoying because my phone won't let me download it and i can't see my messages? Its annoying..
Failed
To much invasion of privacy
I want to install facebook
Gogaa
I liked this application
Not good app
It crashes when open video link.pls fix it
T
Good
Thanks
Nice one
Fhhjcgv ft
AMAZINGGG...
After the new update, Facebook has become very slow and laggy. It always crashes and I have to keep force stopping it to make it work!! Fix this!!!
Good app
Otto
Works when it wants to never update s to the rite time always 3hours behind
This version is worse...it keeps on crashing all the time...it doesn't deserve d one star I gave
lagging
Prefered the older one
Love it
I don't like the message icon removed in fb. It's like reading a text messages then go back again to fb app to be updated with your news feeds and everything.. The old fb is much better.. It's like doing a multi-task.. Do return the messages in fb apps and i'll give you 5stars
I love this app
But sometimes it so didn't play the video
I wonder why it demanded me to install Facebook Messager. If i don't install it, i wouldn't be able to see my chat. It's really annoying! :(
Good
Good
Facebook is a social networking service launched in February 2004, owned and operated by Facebook I like Facebook
I like this app but wen we log in it shoes error it needs to update this error
^___^
I dont like this version ...bcz i dont like to use messenger ..but with this fb i hv to use  ....which i dont want...so i m not like it
Nice
Very good
Pathetic updates... No improvement. Please fix this!!!
Nice app
thanks km
it needs improvements
I used to love Facebook. Then you required me to use the messenger app. Now I don't like you. Switch it back, or I'm out!
I love this:()
Superb
Best app.
I  Think its cool
Won't play videos
Slow bt love it
awesome
The only reason I have this is so messenger works. Stupid app
Like good OK
Buenysim
i loveeee it
Very low loading..
If I could rate a 0 I would!!!  This last update has made this app completely worthless. Thanks a lot Facebook! Please fix this quickly before I delete.
There is no option to copy text from posts. :-( Itz very necessory. Plz add it too
Nice
Nice
It closes...it's getting worse since the last update
Nice status
Good
Good timepass
The best
Nonstop
You bitches...
Its so easy n lovely
No Zuckerberg, No!
I thought this app was perfect but then everything stopped loading up and stayed white. Please fix.
No charges cut by using fb and fb messenger
Facebook
Good
Always the best
love it
Ok
FB app is now a brick (not that it used to be much better anyways) that won't play videos. Second to last update caused FB to freeze after videos and this last update "fixed" the freezing problem by not allowing videos to play at all. And bring back regular old private messages while you are at it. Nobody wants your "big brother" messenger app...
Can chat with dear n far ones
Every phone carry face book vantastic app for all
I am loving it..
Na Sar Jhuka hai Kabhi, aur na Jhukayenge Kabhi, jo apne dum pe jiyen sach me Zindagi hai wahi. Live like a true INDIAN.
Please Fix this up.
That's good but i hate when it was blocked Tag,Like,etc... Please don't have that...
Very slow and dumb
Good one
Works great but the space it takes up kills my phone and tablet storage i know you guys can make it smaller with out me rooting everthing i have lol.
I like u
With this new horrid update with you violating my phone with what I do and can use my camera when I'm not aware. No company or person has the right to spy on me... Toodles... Just lost a fb person. I'm sure more are to come! Fab and I can't uninstall this Crap app either with my uninstaller program or through Google play, so now I get to do a master reset on my phone to wipe it off my phone... F/U fb!
If u dont have facebook on your phone it same dat u have eyes bt u didnt see
Nice application
Superb
Nice
:3 <3
ang tagal mag install tapos update2 pa raw. amfufu cheap ng facebook tagal naman :/ :(
It's to slow.
I really enjoy this ......its awesome app keep it up
no appear on screen. proboem
Luv it
Good conditions..
Just u & me
Good
Facebook
This update worst always error loding net work problam showing we have 3G net work how is possabul
Needs more work and uses too much memory
Loved iyt,  so wonderful
Vishwa
Really mad i can only scroll down 3-4 post and it kicks me off the app. Fix it
Mike
Its Very Nice & Usefull App
Good. Would be better if photo chooser can be categorized by folder not all media. It's very hard to choose old photo to be uploaded
allways meet me
I love it & i serch my close friend its respons to me
Hey fb is good to chat easily and search who r being your friends its is the one of the best among good of this all .we will fine who been friend from foreign.hats of face book
I like this apps
O
Oki
It's Really Amazing
Faster way to Facebook
Best
Md.iqbal
Best
Facebook is getting worst and worst. what is it turning into and control app without permission. Something needs to be done about whats going on
Good aap
Kashmir singh
I hate it. You need to make serious improvements to the chunk of memory you take up, and sort out the constant crashing whenever something tries to load.
After new update of application it's not working properly, solve it asap i cant refresh my fb, i need help
Pleased to used
Now liked but after used then desides
Nice
This update isn't good at all. Videos dont play... Whenever I press on a video to play it, Facebook automatically closes and I'm back to the home screen of my smartphone.. :(
It is easier way to go fb
Good day & best of luck.
So slow
Many privacy issues. . Plus a battery drainer. . Issues whit the permissions. . And so on....
No photo comment available
Very nice
I think its a good apps BT working is slow
Awesome ap
Boo
Good
My posts no longer have the 'Share' feature. All it says is; 'Like', 'Comment'. I'm highly disappointed. None of my friends can 'Share' a post of mine.
Nice
Love in the wind
Horrible uses way to much data and is very annoying when you get updates all the time
The idea that you can access my life though my phone has sunk in, and I'm dissapointed that you think I want you to be able to control my phone with out me knowing your doing it! I.e downloading my contact list, reading text and we'll as using my camera to spy and recording what I'm saying. I like Facebook for its original premise! Being a way to contact! Not raping my rights to privacy!  Erased!
Its ok but slow in downloading pictures
This app takes too long to load..video load very slow...fix this n it will be a 5 star for sure
Why do you need access to my call information? Y'all don't need to know who I called. Guess I'm no longer using Facebook
Jhonny
Samsuddin khan
Thanks
Juan
Forget that i will not let an app take pictures and record my voice with out me knowing about thats just not right
Its too much slow n always say u r offline
Crappy
Bvc
After last fb app update, app take a long time to load n process request. Its very difficult to even view all content of wall at once as it didnt load properly
I try to update my fb..but I think nothings change . please fix all the problem.. I've using this app always to connect on my friends and relative..this is the only app that I always use..
This app f****ing sucks! Worst app ever. Better to use the mobile version in your browser. Rated MINUS ZERO...
Pictures do not load!!!!!
My newsfeed is all screwed up and it force closes constantly. Boooo facebook, fix it!!!
So nice
I am unhappy with the fact that I'm being FORCED to download the messenger app that's crossing so many lines...for that reason I am unhappy with Facebook right now......
Nice
There are so many features that do not function properly and It takes forever to load even if I have perfect 3G or WiFi.
Other than people reporting controversial post in private groups, I find it appealing
Avery fast messenger
Awesome application
O
the only thing l hate more than this app is terrorists
Ever since last update will not work at all, useless app. Uninstalled.
Updates just keep on getting worst..
This whole new messenger app needed to messenger through facebook is bs im one more move oway from deleting my fb account completely why should we be forced to use additional apps to run one stupid app come on fb you were so close to get 5 stars now you lost all my stars fix or goodbye
People always put their business out on face instead .it should be private.
Nice
Just like the messenger app they want access to camera and audio
Face book
App crashes while trying to play videos. R u not able to fix this? Very poor updates. Why is my review getting deleted? R u not able to give an answer to my question?

Osam
This app connects fster bt smetime it hang so plz fix this problem
Harharrrr
Its super. !!!
The only reason i use this app is because it was preloaded on my phone,and second to get notified
Nazeer mughal mughal
Not updating on my photo irritating me now
Nice f
Super
It suck how u need messager to message people it would be better if u could change it back
Needs more improvements
DON'T OVER LOOK THE RIGHTS YOU'RE GIVING AWAY! Don't believe me, fine, just LOOK IT UP! Don't press Accept to FB* or FB Messager!!* There is no reason You or I should have to give FB permision to: *Use &/or *Access > our *Camera(s), *Mic, *Call Log List, *All Basic Text&Picture Msg.s, *Gallary/Photos, & **More @ ANYTIME.. So don't give FB *All *Rights to *Your *Privacy!! FB is selling info to other companies or worse, to make money. Please become aware!! Uninstall & start to Re-install to see what I mean..
I Hate That You Have To Down Load Messenger,  completely irrelevant
I definitely prefer the Brower version.
Speechless !
It never fast
Cool
best
Best ever
This ia one of the best app that makes people to meet in the whole world
I need to download a separate app so I can read messages? Garbage. Why do I need to have two facebook apps? Browser it is until this is fixed
lol :)
nice
I love  this app
biking mudah buat on line
Superb
Good but has a few issues! FIX BUGS! Updates
Facebook
So many updates... Should make updates for certain phones NOT ALL!
Facebook is worthless,  spinning burning data, can't see pictures.  Fix it or I will live without it!
But I need my Facebook can't live without it
On the text post copy paste not ovailabe plz do something's
Nice and fast! I can watch videos load pics and no lag.
The new messenger is absolutely awful. And not being able to check your inbox from your cell phone all most make you not wanting Facebook on your cell
Cant upload videos.. kindly fix this.. i will give 5 stars for it.thanks
I think it is complete crap that I need a seperate app to send messages.  I refuse to download another app to do what this app use to do.  Also since I cant view messages why do I get alerts on the app telling me I have a message?  Complete Garbage!
Great
This apps is very easy to use so i like it.
Its cool
Loving
Fun but freeZES TOO MUCH!!
Bcoz messenger is necessary.
I think this app is very good, but so much RAM used.
Its awesome .
It is very stood to have a separate app to communicate with people through Facebook. I refused to download another app to use one to its fullest capability. I also do not like how the timeline only shows old post. I want to see the most cheng information that my friends have posted.
Superb
I have Uninstalled the latest FB on my S5.  It is worthless.  News feed does not work.  It is like running a pentium chip computer running Windows 3.1 using a dialup connection.  Whoever decided the latest update was a good idea.  Should be FIRED....
the sharing photo needs to be fix because i can't even share the pictures i want !!! please fix it !!! thank you !!! and when people tag me in their status or anything . i don't get a notification about it . please fix it !!!!
Now FB wants access to ALL my personal information, I'm surprised it didn't require permission to my soul! I would rate it ZERO if I could. I will now delete FB app!
Good
DELETED FOR PRIVACY. FACEBOOK SHOULDNT TRY TO ACCESS YOUR PHONE
Fb bisa mengakses berita ke seluru penjuru..
Good
Invasion of privacy
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!awsome  with out that much excitement
great
My phone is the DROIDX and the app closes when it freezes... once it's fixed i'll give the 5 stars back!
Just gettingstarted
Stupid
I don't like the randomness of the feed, I want most recent to be the default
Keep uploading same news every time, I don't even know how to find my friends newest post anymore, this is bullshit....
great features
Every time I try to change my profile picture it turns my screen grey
Processing speed must b improved.....
Forcing a separate messenger app? Worthless. Get randomly taken back to the beginning of my news feed on a constant basis. See more and more adds. Really hope something new comes out soon as I like keeping in touch with certain people.
Amazing
Now a days it's not better same as last year. Need to improvement on speed...
Its ok
It keeps closing

Always showing error connecting to network since the update. The network is fine, btw. Faster than ever. Only this app got sillier than ever
Because this apps is very important to me
Memory sucker battery sucker after new updates
MB
Proj Pala
I hate this glitchy crap app that fb thinks it's going to force me to use and invade my privacy! Ha they got another thing coming!
Its preloaded. Permissions unnecessarily asked.
Superb
Messenger app shouldn't be required.
Best
We need a native app!
"Error loding news feed"   showing every time Plz fix it
Love
Sucks and keeps forcing close.
My notifications are appearing on my lock screen now? Wtf?
liks
When I open fb have to wait so long time maybe get me out and have to add email again :-(
After the last upgrade....it has become too slow....even fails to update the news feed......please give us the option for older version......
Seems to lag on me way more on my new phone
Can't Watch Videos
great apps
Keeps stopping in the middle of having convos.
Patel
It t a very good software and I like this software very much
Isub Vhora
Hm
Wala lang
Facebook
Dont want seperated messenger
Love it
Getting to private
Mantep gan
Its awesome
Nice app I love it
Love that I can find old friends and if couldn't talk to my teenage daughter on here I wouldn't even have a Facebook account! WAY TO MUCH DR AMA ON HERE GUYS!!
Good
Frienship forever
Its o.k.
Ilham
Good
Not only is Facebook messenger intruding on our privacy but also the Facebook app this is unacceptable & must be stopped!!
After updates it works great. Doesn't force close anymore. This is the periodic lull in loading pics but not bad.
Poor performance in 2G.. :(
Just integrate messages back into the app
slow
Good
Best way to know our society
Between the new messenger app, video errors and countless problems, I'm about ready to simply delete my profile all together. I refuse to use the crap messenger app. I won't download it. I want to use myessaes in the facebook app I downloaded. If I wanted the messages to pop up on my screen, they'd have my # to text me. You guys definitely aren't thinking bout us.
Do not like being forced to download your messaging app when my privacy is being invaded.
GOD IS LOVE
Automatic Playing of Videos ? Yeah really what a waste..
Like it. :-)
total violation of rights!! UNINSTALL!!!
u can't singe out
i cant acces my account because of the latest update
Can you please put back the old messager because I can't see my messages anymore. Can you please fix that.
Slow to open
Very good application
Lol. Don't download. e.e
Friends
This app very important for andriod mobile this app i like very much

Its a good application
Good
Prem Gupta
Nosey old Facebook, have removed your App.
Ever since the last update Facebook just keeps freezing.   I'm about ready to give Facebook the boot
atttttttttttt
This is good apps
This app is worthless. Good job on the complete lack of consumer care. My browser seems like the way to go. Why in the world would you make people get a separate app just to read messages? Then to top it all off,  request ridiculous permissions in order to have access to said app? What, do you got some pervs monitoring messenger hoping to catch a girl using the bathroom through her cell phone camera which we are required to allow you to gain access to and use whenever you deem necessary? Screw facebook.
Damn slow...have to keep refreshing
i install this app but i cannot open it!even i log in,i waited long time but still have the message forclose.zero is a better rate for this app.
Great
Good app to connect people.. Loved it...
There is some problem in the news feed after the last update as it is not uploading properly.
S
Jalore Rajasthan
Easy
News Feed Is Not Working In Last Update, Very Disappointed From Last Few Months From FB, I Think Update Is For Better Experience, But Here, Day By Day, It's Going Bad. If It Continuously Occurs, Must Say Many Of Your Fans'll Stop To Use FB. Just Loading Loadibg, Hours & Hours.
So now we have to install messenger for messages nope nope nope it takes all information and even camera recording that's pretty scary you should updated as it is and take that messenger thing off!
Lmfao
Loved it
If its not broke don't fix it. This don't even look like facebook.  Everything is outta wack. I hate it. Absolutely hate it!!
This is a great app. Really bummed they are changing it to where you have to download another app just for the messages though.
I am having to close fb every time I try to navigate posts on my group newsfeeds. Very frustrating!!!!! FB, fix this please!
Its gud
Love and like it! Its totally awesome!
It's a pain in the assignment there is on pages feed
Even though it's switched off in the application settings, notifications still vibrate.
Not showing update properly...
Excellent But Not Working
Romesh & Ahinsa
Add chromecast support for videos on the news feed.
Get better  pls
I loved  this app my friends and family I dont see all the time to are on here and that what brings family closer
Gud
Nice
*****
Eka putri
Love it
Wow Great app
Fixed it but my messages take forever to load fantastic job thou
L
Its horrible thinking of deleting my Facebook account
Excellent
akshan
Since the last update FB has become completely worthless.  Very few pics come through and the wheel spins, and spins, and spins, . . . Fix it, FB!  Both you and Yahoo Mail just keep going further down the tube.  Update:  8/17- pictures still do not load, just a spinning wheel.  Please fix this pathetic update.
Mandeep singh virdi
Good
Please fix the setting about turning chat off, it says "active x seconds" id like when i turn it off only show "on mobile" like before!
Lately I haven't been able to watch videos it tells me there's an error please fix or there's no point to the app. Thanks!!
Fix it now! It never did it tell I updated it. It kept glitching it kept popping up face not responding eveung when I'm not on it. Fix it now! It never did it tell I updated it
Very nice apps
Friends & family
I can't delete it off my phone!
very slow and consumes a lot of time to view nd review.
Very happy to get a pics fr¨°m fb. And some times to load a pic its taking so much time plz add a option to download the videoa also.
Very nice
I
Supperb
Liked by all
Its easy & nice to use
Doi
Great
I can't stand that we all have this app then you want to make us download another app just for messaging. We could text or email if we wanted that. Not to mention being forced to give up all privacy on our phones in order to have this stupid app. It should stay included like it was otherwise I guarantee a lot of us are removing this app as well. That's bull crap to force people to do this!!
Like
Ok
Basnet
Ogranicene mogucnosti aplikacije...  Mora to mnogo bolje....
Thanks I
Superb yahr
Loved it
Why do i have to download messenger just to see my messages? What is the point of havinging a facebook app and then a messenger app? It is pointless facebook was fine the way it was. Quit making changes this is why I am deactivating my account every few months you change and i am sick and tired of it.
Facebook is the slowest app I have in my phone now. About the messenger app, seriously? :(
It is user friendly but it wont let me message without messanger and messanger takes forever to swap to it back to posts which makes me want to stop using the app
Jeanette de Villa
Very glitchy
Totally useless!!
It takes hell a lot of time to load each n every content n it always shows as error loading news feed. Facebook team please fix it asap.
It needs to be set up where you can have the most recent as the default on your newsfeed, not top stories I don't want to see stories that are more than four or five hours old.
I don't usually leave negative comments, but the latest update stinks.  Even when I go in to select Most Recent, it gives me maybe a  hours worth of stuff and then jumps to 7 and 9 hours ago, much like if I were to just stay on Top Stories.  Obviously I know that when someone comments or likes a post, it pulls that up to be recent again, but this is not what is happening here.  Everything is lost between hours 1 or 2 and 7.  Back to the mobile site for me til this is fixed.  Please, read and fix.  Thanks.
Really dislike that I can no longer see my messages. I do not want to install the stupid messenger app. Will not change my rating until it's fixed.
Why is messenger forced..!? + Problems loading news feed..gives an error!
Once again Facebook has decided that everyone prefers the Top Stories feed, which is consistently horrible, to Most Recent, which is now buried in another tab that requires a lot of scrolling to get to. It's a concerted effort to make everyone hate the timeline. That's the only logical explanation. I understand if it's not the default, but what is the point of not making it an option? No sense whatsoever.
Gokul
Always go into a no response.
Fine app
Ok ok
After reading the new permissions I have uninstalled the app. Thank you Facebook for invading my privacy, and using my camera and voice recorder to capture some seriously private moments (you forgot to delete them so you could hide your invasion). I'll be using the mobile website, since permissions aren't needed, if I even choose to keep using Facebook.
It wants access to too much for no apparent reason.
Awesome
Not as good as it was before.
Wonderful
I prefer most recent stories but now with the new update you can no longer see notifications or messages unless you scroll to top stories.  Don't listen to the users eventually fb will go the same place MySpace went...downhill.
Dv
Keeps freezing since the last update. Really annoying. Fix this!
Facebook won't even load on my phone. If I could rate it a 0 I would.
This is super bad now can't get no pics on facebook all it does is spin. Please get this fixed so can enjoy it again.
Ok saje tpi kadang2 tertekan tgah syok2 lyan FB tibe2 gelap aduiii pening btol lah
You can talk to your friends
Why does favebook need to see my calls, my texts, my camera and microphone WITHOUT MY PERMISSION! I'm deleting this bull.
I love f.b
tiger
Best
get it fixed! How can I even download this when it keeps coming up "insuffient storage"? This really is useless as my phone has no photos or videos anymore.
superb!.
Nice
Lama...
Requird fst network.
Nice app
It nic app, some to image and pages open very slowly..
Does facebook really need to record video take pictures and access my mic when ever it pleases ? Not getting this update, I'll pass untill they remove this blatant act of privacy invasion.
I want the old messaging back!
Awsome speed
This is very completed app in the world
I didn't know by installing this app I give this app permission to record at any time anytime using my microphone. Also did know this app  is allowed to take pictures (using the camera) and record call log data at anytime without user consent. What's really going on!!!
Asks for too many permissions, and now forces you to download the Facebook Messenger app. to view FB messages on your phone! Very disappointed, and highly unethical in my opinion!
For the moment, there is one trick. Uninstall and reinstall the Facebook app. Messaging functionality is restored for a week or more.
Great app
Loved it
So nce to use..
Facebook has connected to me with all facebook users..
Very good
Nice.
Jamal
Since update it sucks.  No pictures load.  Fix or I guess I'll delete
It freezes constantly now. I rate it a zero
Cool
Used to be great now it sucks. Very slow and wont load pictures or videos.
Dont like the new messenger app you have to have.
Loved it
App moves at a medium pace I would have liked it to be faster
OK OK h...inni badiya ni
Takes ages to load updated feed. Comments don't post in groups on numerous occassions
Give more easy facility to all face book friends when they on facebook
Easy to chat vth evry 1
Love it
Nice and easy
Wonderful
#kT_pain05
Love this app
Connected with all friends
Ò»´Î¸üÐÂ±ÈÒ»´Î¸üÐÂ²î,ÒÀ¼Ò„Ålag,ÓÃÒ²ÓÃ²»ÁË!ºÍÕˆŒ¢À¬»ømassagerºÏ·¬ÂäÈ¥‚€appµ½!!
Facebook app is bad enough to remove from my phone. Now you forge us to use the messenger app. Why? because you want to spy on us. I have been doing some research into this to verify if it was true. I never thought of you who as an another one of the Big brother. So Long.I will never use your app again unless you guarantee the world that your app is safe .Thank You
Facebook
Whew,,,
Since the last update all I get is a blue Facebook screen and a circle the goes round and round while A message says "setting up Facebook" I  reinstalled just to get a message that " unknown error during install '-24'" No way to report the problem not that I think anyone would read it if sent. I guess its time to try Twitter or maybe go back to the good old days of Phoning friends and asking the how their day was.
This app has gone downhill fast. Forcing you to add a separate app for messaging is bogus, but then pictures never show up and videos always have an error when trying to play them.
Very laggy after up date keeps closing over and over From HTC EVO 4G 3D
Its ridiculous how we have to download Facebook Messenger in order to see our messages. I am not changing my review until you update it where we can freely use our messages without needing a second app.
The fact that I can't receive messages because it want me to download messenger is just stupid.
Updated Version.
This Facebook is starting to "make" people download the messenger app in order to read the messages and JM not doing it BC what I've heard and such. The messenger app can hack into your phone let people who run the app have all of your information such as your contacts , text whoever whenever and say whatever without you know . video record whenever without you knowing and take pictures without you knowing and too all the people that have it I HIGHLY suggest you uninstall it. No good!!!

No pics. What happened to pics on here. Terrible
Why are they forcing people to usar their Messenger.
Some improvements still left
Pathetic App
Love it
Just taking it too fat. If they use personal picture will sue.
They can access all your personal information
Quality app
Since the last update it had been crashing constantly. About to uninstall it and say f*** it
Like much
I don't know what happened but this app was working find although slow, but now the lag got worse..moreover it affects other apps as well..the ram just slows down drastically when this app is opened..& you want us to install that useless messenger to view messages..thus you dont deserve the 4 stars I would've given earlier
Ever since I updated to this latest version of FB no pics come through. Just keeps trying to load burning battery so I just close the app. Hopefully fixed update coming soon or I will uninstall  from my phone.
Too many permissions for no reason! Takes a lot of space on phone memory and decreased pic quality. Make sure you work towards pic quality and permissions part! Else everything is good.
Its a very lovely app
Nic
It nevr works wel in my mob i don't kno y.. On d othr hand it is vry vry vry slow.. I jst stoped coming onlin jst for this app
Very nice
It sucks. Now u have 2 download FB Messenger! Invasion of privacy!
Awesome
A very slow speed now a days. If speed will be increased. Then i can give it 5 stars again
I don't know who decided to redesign the app and its functionality!!!! Frankly, they should be fired!!! You insist on everyone downloading the messenger app, apparently so our phones are overwhelmed with Facebook. It was simple to message people, but now i have to waste space on my phone, even though i get alerts through the app..I'd also like to know why I might prefer what's popular over most recent.I can view the Most Recent feed but not open and keep it!!!! Also stop predicting whose posts I would like!
Love d app
It's not much flexible, always gets struck. N it takes lots of time to buffer n uploads.. some time app automatically gets closed..
I can't see the about section on my profile
Great app
Tablet version please
Good
Great
Since last update.. Facebook is not working ... Not able to get the updates.. It gets stuck.. FB what happened to you ?
Facebook lets me connect to my friends without adds or anything that.
Downloading it idk
Every time facebook gets an update it gets more screwed up.
Not a fan of downloading fb messenger app. Don't try to fix what's not broken.
Sirat2007
I don't know why it's being slow it won't load or anything
Facebook


Super
Se you
Good. .
Its very interesting app that been connecting wd ur frnds n all over world.
I don't care about what you think are my top stories give back the most recent option
Nderi

Everytime I Click On The Facebook App It Loads For A Very Long Time & Then It Force Close I Cant Use The App Can You Please Fix It .. I've Been Using My Browser For Facebook & I Really Dont Like Using The Browser For Facebook.
Great
Since these updates i haven't been able to watch videos on fb app only on browser
It's good
good butpl please modify phone to sd card another it is nice app
But small changes have to improved , please give us to tag all the total friends in my account , it will b nice to share every thing, with all our friends and give latest updates to download Facebook videos..... It will rocks     .... So please do it ....then fb is  best app in the  world ...
Can you design this: X button or some thing like that on notification so i can unfollow a post or a photo quickly. Instead of go to Account setting > Notification ?
Please dont force to allow me download FB Messenger. Im feel better using FB default chat than download a new apps...
This latest update is a mess. Videos don't play no matter how strong my signal is no matter if WiFi or data. The news feed not as good. I'm so frustrated with this app
Same problems .it can't copy and paste status and need lot of improvement
Since the newest update, I am unable to watch videos on the application. Please fix as soon as you can.
It acts really slow at times
Nice awesome
But I can't upload any photos it overloaded for to upload
My sh!tt
There's no most recent anymore!!! Wtf?!?!
After the last couple updates Facebook doesn't work. The wheel spins and spins without loading.  Disappointing. Hoping for an update to fix this fast
So nice
You do not need all those permissions. App deleted.
Facebook
Initial enthusiasm for this app was gteat! Then it became cumbersome and I have lesser interest in it now!
It constantly quits working and freezes my phone up
Can no longer message on this app. Very disappointed in you. Now the messenger app takes too much memory. So i had to delete this one. Change it back! Not everyone thinks it's conveniant, you know.
Its ok
ok
It's ok but dont fact i have to download a different app to send messages not cool....
Disgusting.  Which it would go back to like it use to be when it started. Hate it
Love it
Lots of improvements from the last 2 years, now able to do most of what you can do on a pc.
WON'T STOP CRASHING EVERY 5 MINS!!
Don't tell me this has the same permissions as the messaging app!
1 star because they won't let you use messenger in less you download second messenger and let them listen to your conversation and watch what you are doing
Meat
its my fun lovng frnd it cnncts me with my frnds and it updates me also daily....
NC job for dis
I love this app it easier then going online. Its a lot faster.
Not bad untill recent updates, has been pretty crappy with vids and some pics for about two weeks. Thought this last update would fix it, but I think it got worse
It was just good
Good social media
Sayan
Its been crap ever sense messenger: (
Makes me feel at home anywhere
keep it up
Good
I like the original message from this app, pls. fix
I love facebook
No comment. It's just great.
Pics, Videos, Loading ... nothing functions right now. Fixing this anytime soon??? Prob gonna erase soon, anyway. Fixed or not. Too busy collecting info, not busy enough keeping app updated.
I'm not getting messenger I'm uninstalling this app!!everyone deserves there right to privacy not to be spied on!
Membawa rakan anda kemana juga...
Always say network not workimg
I'm very disappointed with Facebook,  I'm not downloading it and risking safty, so the Facebook app itself has become to be pretty useless besides for games.
Awesomeee
If it weren't for my friends and relatives Nation Wide and World Wide I would "delete fb completely" fb app and fb messenger getting worse with asking for extreme permissions. Really invading privacy. Concern about identity theft now or informations being sold to other parties.
Supar
Layla
To my HE SAID SHE SAID B S BUT IF U ARE SMART U WONT GET IN THAT MESS
Nice app
Buris
Nothing loads, it took 30 minutes to even log in. I uninstalled and reinstalled it three times, restarted the phone, force stopped the app, nothing works. Fix it
Freezes up an crashes, its gettin old an half tha stuff wont upload, fix this please an maybe ur ratings would go up!!!
like
Just hate the fact that i need to download a seprete app just to view messages. Also, everytime i check the comments on a post, the comments seem to repeat or show the same comment over and over again. Finally, i cant see my photo comments.
New update sucks I want the old one back
K
Nice
Nice app
Too many request and restrictiins
Come on
So Great
This is the message I get when playing videos. They either never play or stop playing midway...due to an unknown error.    Still having this same issue a month later.
Took away message for stupid messenger if I could give a zero I would
THIS APPLICATION VERY GOOD AND INTELLIGENCE! !
Facebook Is using this appreciate, the messenger, and instagram to spy on you...it was on the news
Really?!!!  I had to download a different app just to message???  If i could give it a negative score i would!!!
If there's 0 I will love to rate this as 0 invasion of privacy. Does fb works with NSA now?
it want download
Since the latest update the app has been COMPLETELY useless to me. After opening the Facebook app it MIGHT load in 5 minutes or so. Haven't used it in days now. The only reason I gave it 1 star was to leave a comment.  Good job guys!
It doesnt help!
Gujrat
Its awesome
FACEBOOK IS EXTREMELY DUMB WITH THIS NEW UPDATE...IM UNINSTALLING ITS USELESS AND A WASTE OF TIME..BETTER OFF USING THE BROWSER
Crap. Improve it. Still crashes seventy five percent of the time
Tgal mg download
Why float an update when its really a downgrade?? My status, photo, check-in updates..everything has stopped getting through. My feed doesnt refresh for ages and the ring just keeps revolving. Bad. Bad. Bad.
I worked fine until I got the update then it totally f$#%&* up......like wtf
Half of the pictures just dissappear... Friends post comments but I can't see my own posts, only their comments!!!!
Takes up way to much space. Good if I'm not around a computer but after downloading took up about a quarter of the space on my phone.
Too many privacy invading permissions. ..
Can't freaking receive my messages because of the update
Dude this is the app
Very nice
New updatetion is too good. But msg of installing massenger is make me anger.
Very nice
HTC ONE and cannot go back to edit comments. Or delete for that matter. Can't do much of anything when it comes to changing privacy settings on photos already added.
Ok Nice...
I Like. Nice
Get rid of the "permissions!" You don't need to know what I'm looking at or saying!
Cool
Reeel nice
For some reason I am unable to uninstall this app.
Way to change and completely suck Facebook. No messenger, constant freezing and force closes, way too many permissions... uninstalled, hello firefox fbook bookmark.
I love it..
Stupid
I like dis application
Good
Useful aappp
Lost my password to my account with over 500 friends and linked to spotify and cannot reset my password if there were a negative 5 stars I'd surely vote it so.
Good
Videos will not load AT ALL. For days on end it's been like this. Different full strength WiFi signals, full LTE bars, doesn't matter. It doesn't even work in my internet browser with Facebook! All other sites videos load. Just sayin' Facebook. Get your junk together.
Give us back access to messages through the Facebook app. Thanks!
Nice....
I got hacked a couple times and had to make a couple other accounts but its good other than the fact that people can easily hack imto your account
Awesome
L
Why can I no longer edit the information on my profile thru the app anymore?! Wtf.
Why this is not responding...its really bad,whenever i open my facebook,it stops working...plz fix this...:-(
Was and is a delight
Huuuuuhhggggggftttyuii
Fast
To me it is like a school & family reunion at a click of your fingers. Blogs, groups, and knowledge of the arts, music, and all topics not only available, but hearing testimonials sure is a plus. ~MAS~
Why tf do I have to join Facebook messenger?
Suxxxx!!!
Keeps on lagging to the point where it kicks me off after only being on for 5 seconds
Super
Even when logged off, it still gorges.
Pictures fail to upload as well as status. You get notifications late and sometimes over and over.  This is the worst update.
5
Very very bad
So long Facebook app. Who else would make an update that forces you to get another app just so you can have all the previous features?
Hahaha
Slow, doesn't update. The ridiculous algorithm is horrible and I don't have the option to change to most recent. Makes fb pointless if I don't even get to read what my friends post because I have too many ads or sponsored posts. might as well watch watch an infomercial with commercials at this rate. Also fb doesn't need access to everything on my phone. No. Not ever for anything. And stop trying to force me to use messenger. No way. At this rate I will be uninstalling soon, and I am not alone.
Facebook
It won't even download!!
Hey.
Not updating posts.... Always shows error while loading though i use 3G network... Pls fix this problem
Notifications are late nowadays
I love facebook
Easy and convenient when I wanna kill some time
If I could give it a zero I would. Change it back to what it was before the update and get rid of the need to download messanger... since when do u need access to absolutely everything on my phone?
To many permission
First off no. You didn't have to get rid of the messenger on facebook just to put it on another dam app. Secondly all the permissions needed for this. Really??? I may continue use for the app for friends only but you people are really screwing it up
Love ehttt
Love it
we shouldn't have to be forced to download an app we dont need!
It's ok I guess
Nice
Good
The best thing that happened
It has stopped working after the update.. Doesn't load the recent updates.. Very bad. Facebook needs to quickly rectify this mistake...
Force stop too many times and take longer to get new stories
Won't install properly.
Ows! shum!
Ham say badal gya wo negahy to kay howa
Very havens

This brings me tranquility and peace of mind when needed,My new friends always seem too know what Im going throuhg. Bless them all!
Excelente aplicaci¨®n. No hay quejas.
Linda
It slow downloading my photos
great
No good
It won't let me install the app again
nice
Spying, spying, spying.
It won't open
Nice
Awesome but needs to improve
This app was great a few days ago until yalls stupid update ruined the app, now its closes by itself and there's no way I can get back on it, I TRIED EVERYTHING!!!
Please fix and give us a new update! Since the latest update my pictures, videos, comments take extremely long to upload/show up. My news feed takes longer to update and once it does it is out of sequence/order. It also takes me extra attempts to login saying an error has occurred. Again please fix! Soon!
I've had this app for a while and loved it until it stopped playing vids.  I have updated, uninstalled, and reinstalled but it still gives me an error message when trying to play video.
Good
Third time trying to install and n o luck, very, very ANNOYING!!
I like facebook a lot because I can call my mom
I have no idea what youve done, but now its ALL slower than ever! Feed doesnt want to load and pics dont load at all.  Nice.
I haven't Trident it yet but I give it 5stars
U
Always works for me. Never have sny problems
I hate messenger should never be forced to download!!
Luuh meep
After update worked fine
They say this app can record you without your permission & snapchat & Google chrome settings>app settings
It needs more cool stuff
People you will not know what I am enjoying in Facebook unless you download it.
My only concern is It keeps making the app bigger for unexplained reasoning. I really dont care if it makes me use messenger i have always used messenger  im a fan of the chat heads and speed. People need to stop complaining bout stupid things the permissions are justified and neccesary for the app to do wat it does. Fix the memory issue and it works great.
Its getting annoying u know .. and MOST RECENT is not the dafault !! Since the last update everything changed really bad
Review  by umgmg
Aus
Needs permission for absolutely everything on your phone . Better off just using the Web version
Like it
Iike a  jobs
I love facebook it is amazing
Facebook is nt even starting now..."setting up facebook" nd the wheel spins..!!! When it will start?? Going to uninstall this shit
What happened? I was doing good. Now it updates and I'm waiting forever for my home page, updates, news feed........ Grrrr. I'd rather use McDonalds free Wi-Fi than deal with this slow app.
with every update it seems the app goes nutz trying to catch up with itself and some privacy things need resetting. frustrating
Unfortunately, the last update caused my device to slow its performances so much, it was annoying. So now, no more facebook on my phone. Thanks for the last update.:/
Messaging can be done in the App, I don't need another app for messaging. Please give freedom to not install FB Messenger
They tried could be better
Well, it just is
Mother of
Unsecured. Enough said
The best
Wowj
Since last update, Facebook no longer works
Just kool...but wuld appreciate if I can copy messages...
Very good to use
Awsome love this app
Too intrusive
Well now I can't get any of my videos to play on fb...fix that and I wll rate u 5*
Worst app ever . If there were negative in reviews i wud have given it negative
Great way of communicating with friends n family.
Horribly slow, and now you have to get fb Messenger if you actually want to read your messages. Seriously?! Oh, and the permissions are Ridiculous!
I want
luv it
Love it
Posts show up as new for the first time that were posted yesterday.   Very slow too.  Don't message or I'd really be done!
Getachew
Glitches sometimes but runs great!
I wish I never installed then updates. I ca no longer make my primary news feed to be the recent posts, which I used to be able to do. And now I can't even view my messages, and I refuse to install another app for it. Get your crap together, Mark Zukerberg.
You guys are invading our privacy way too much... Probably going to go back to MySpace..
You've gotta be kidding me. This is horrible. Nothing loads. I can't even read pictures or see other people's profiles.
????
Pretty much like you'd hope
I love fb <3
Good facebook like
everything sucks and takes forever now. they're making it look like the messenger.
I lost some of my profile.  I don't like it
:)
The app is still using too much ram the new updates did not fix it  on my galaxy tab 3. Down back to one star!!!
Hi
Great
No way you need to be able to use my camera or mics without my approval never mind my calls and texts ... get it sorted and keep out of my stuff
1234
Updates R Worthess
kittisak
Since the new updates have been installed fb crashes all the time, no matter what I do. It will make not wanting to use it anymore.
Like it
facebook
Hate this version all you have done Facebook is made users delete the app it won't open links without a Something Went Wrong page so consider this im only using this app because I have to.
Best app ever
Nt use
Ok
ASIF Lund

Won't even open.. What happened to the good FB apps? Get it together
Since doing the new update i can not share any posts and can not tag anyone in a post. I also can not post a status. Does anyone know how to undo the latest update on a cell phone?
hiii....it is so cool...
Because of forced download of messenger for its messaging which is totally disguise and useless...
good
Saranghaeyo
Love it 1 4 3 1 4 3
Very good
taking oo much time to open and very bad app everything is very slow
Database
What is going on two updates later and I still can not play videos on fb. I have uninstalled it twice and still can't. Sick of this most everything on fb is videos so what's the point now.
Oh yeah I almost forgot to tell you I have actually installed the Facebook messenger app and I like it
Love it
I love Facebook
This new fb sucks....
Now it's perfect
None of my pictures will load. None, what so ever -_- very disappointing
Is there a way to view recent posts? Cuz I keep getting posts from 2 to 3 days old. And nothing is in order.
Come on its to slow Facebook
Since the last update I haven't been able to upload any pictures,  It keeps telling "something went wrong" and does not give an option to retry but only delete.
Improve a new version to share any post to private massage
Bury fb can freez
Cherlyn
Raiting f.b
Seriously!? I didn't know this until attempting to install app on my new phone. Talk about I invasion of privacy!!!!!!
Stinks
Laat update was a waste.
Nice
Rhonda Bulletts
Half of the pictures and videos doesn't want to open...
I like it but 8t takes time to loaf and it
Not work on Galaxy Admire n Facebook only works via chrome on my phone.
Firstly I liked the most recent news feed not the top stories, I'm not interested in last weeks news. Also I don't like the fact that I have to download a seperate app to talk to my friends privately, especially with all the permissions required to use it. The app is slow and isnt bringing up pictures even though I only updated it today. Bring back the older version of facebook that allows you to chose what feed you wanted, if you want to download the messenger app and actually works.
I don't like how you can't send and receive messages
I uninstalled the bogus messenger app, and am removing this trash. You have no right to my private information or to request these special permissions. I don't trust you. Get your act together.
Good
It works great.
Love it but have to approve speed
Best
liked it but don't like the idea of messenger as it been separated to the app..my friends use my phone to open their fb but my messenger cant be logged out..it keeps showing them..no privacy
Facebook helps me
lol
look i am not going to download another facebook app. i am not going to download another facebook app. i will say it a third time with emphasis, I WILL NOT DOWNLOAD ANOTHER FACEBOOK APP. so heres what needs to happen. put messenger back in the ACTUAL FACEBOOK APP and while you are at it how about you fix the glitch that makes it show i have a notification for the message that i CANT READ because I WILL NOT DOWNLOAD ANOTHER FACEBOOK APP.
Simply
Good
I like this..hahaha
Bs
Nepal
Facebook
Just use your mobile browser
Too big and too slow !! Full memory ,why i have to choose between fb or  whatsapp ebay paypal and other better apps much more useful than you guys ... !!!:What do you think you are ?? Avoid like plague
have to scroll up just to be able to scroll down. don't even think about stopping to ready something. because then it freezes and you have to scroll up again and immediately down to continue. such a great app.
Nothing works
Fantastic
Love facebook
Very bad app..
A lot better
Too many permissions allowed, next it'll be wee wee permission. Like my penis if I can urinate
To many unnecessary permissions
facebook
Awful videos. Freez app even on high-end. Device's

What the f*****k. There r so many problems in this version like cant open picture. VERY SLOW WORKING. Can NOT READ MASSAGES WITHOUT MESSANGER AND D MOST ALWAYS ERROR LOADING NEWS FEED... DON'T DOWDOAD IT'S JUST RUBBIS
(`_`)
It use to work great i was able to download pictures, add them to albums, was able to view everyones pictures and videos. Now they are blank always trying to load uploading pictures to my albums is a joke! Its always lagging kicking me off! You guys need to fix this! It use to be rated 5! Please fix it
Last update is horrible. . Cant see pics nothing loads
Takes up too much storage
Fear year not stand still, and see the salvation of the LORD
It's soo poor feeling to use the latest version update and suddenly the application is stop working :(    why it's happening in this update? !
The last update pretty much killed this app! Pictures rarely load and the rest is very slooooow.
It s to o slow to install
Its dope
I cAnt sAve imAges at messeges to gAllery
Very nice
after d update..fb sucks..it has got much slower..come up wd a better update.
Superb
The update fixes nothing, still no chat... The video autoplay is actually really annoying and it's a complete waste of data. But, the worst part is, you disabled the chat to make everyone download the pop-up chat app... That app that lags my phone and interrupts what I'm doing or when I try to ignore  a group chat or someone. Certainly this app was better before...
It's should be simple app.
Not bad
nice and faster please make something that will give u some details ofline for esample news feed
Good
Salam
This sucks
Just love it
Face  book
Awesome
Nice and best app
Love it
To much personal info
Tushar
Excellent
Gooood
love it!
Love it
Nice
After last messenger update I'm uninstalling FB.
Fb
I don't like that messenger app it is annoying I rather use IE FB app is stupid now! 
I shouldnt have updated this. Any users reading this should NOT download the update. (Update: I still hate it.)
Hate the permissions and lack of messages. I will not download another app just for messages. Facebook is already so large I don't need another large app taking up all my phone space.
sooooo lame!
I'm about to delete this too if you keep prompting me to download messenger app ..
Make it good so that all the users are satisfied
Didn't want the update but it auto installed. Unfortunately the app is now sometimes not opening on news page, taking a number of taps before updating.
Ok for a quick flick through. Rubbish for everything else it should do
Im on Facebook 24/7 and I love it
Great and good apps
None of the pics want to load and videos won't work this sucks
Nice
I hate you Facebook I do not like being forced to use this messenger app
Pics won't load it just keeps spinning it's very slow . I'm disappointed!
Drains battery. Too slow. Heavy use of memory.
This is no better than the forced Facebook Messenger app. FB app requires access to the same things as Messenger.  If you delete the messenger app, may as well delete this one too, because FB can still access your calls, camera, contacts,  identity, and whatever ele it wants. If you keep this,  you may as well keep messenger.
I am always having to force stop this program from the settings menu. News feed doesn't load right.
Nice
Up india
It's nice.
Since the last upgrade, the app keeps freezing then closing for no reason and it's so annoying how many times it does that without having to close then re open the app. Also, pictures take forever sometimes and shares too much personal info! You should focus more on the bugs and technical stuff opposed to the "new look" which does nothing effective for users !! Uninstalling until bugs are fixed.
(y)
Great app
Its getting slow as more updates are coming.  I think its also going to be setting sun.
Unsupport!
Please fix.
GIDEON
It
Cant post or edit relationship status
LOVR JSJSUS
Please fix! I can't view pictures or videos. #displeased.
Nice
Dame cool
Very nice
Thanks Fb team 4 it .......................................  Unlimited  happiness
I do not like the latest changes to Facebook. The previous update removed integrated messaging from the app, but did not remove the links for messaging. This new version slows the app down, and unnecessarily opens web pages within the app. Removing useful integrated features and adding non-useful integrated features = uninstalled app.
I love it .....
All the updates are very annoying! Keeps shutting down and freezing all the dang time! Missing the original app!
The notification tab will not load my notifications just a random post that I've previously had a notification for!!!
I thought updates were supposed to make the app better but instead it gets worse. Seriously get it fixed for once
Hominy
Yall r getting to nosey
I have deleted the messenger app because of all its ridiculous "permissions" and I am deleting the entire facebook app based off the messenger permission. If I want to view facebook ill do it off a browser. This has gotten incredibly intrusive and downright a violation of someones privacy. Thanks for selling out facebook.
Fix sharing pics from Facebook to Twitter every time you wanna share a pic from Facebook to twitter and go back to Facebook.  You start all over back at the top and go thru your timeline again to where you were. 
Excellent
Great
What on earth does the app need access to the whole phone ?
Very good
love it

Thanks
Wow
Qqq
Nasruminallahi va fath hunkareeb
Update great
I just updated my Facebook app yesterday and now the app freezes and crashes all the time.
Awsome!!
Very good
!
No need for it now that I have to use the browser to check my messages as I removed the messenger app because of too many promissions... change them & I'll be happy to install both apps again in till then.. ill be removing this & the other app on everything & telling everyone to do the same
Previous version work very well. New version suck. Error loading newsfeed????? Why?? I know that's not my internet problem. Other app works fine. Fix the bugs. Bring the latest post to the top. Don't wanna see post day or two ago.
I am using a Q820 - Android 4.4.2 KitKat. Every time I receive a message, this app always ¡°FORCE CLOSE".  I'll give 5 if you'll fix this.
No complaints
It freezes too much .
All those permissions
Facebook
Fast and easy
Disappointed..I want my messages back on the fb app.  I will not download the new messenger!
Too bloody worthless, fix those never uploading pictures
Very bad from last few days . fb is not working properly
I loved Facebook
Bring back viewing most recent posts. Worst update yet.
Wonderful
Pictures do not load..every thing is sooo slow!..this update sucks!
Hossain
Whomever is responsible for development of this app is a total genius...if they are trying to run it into the ground.  App is very unresponsive when I can get it to open (38% of the time), force closes before it opens, takes up too much memory, lags when scrolling through news feeds, app requiring you to allow it to record voice and video can be a violation of your right to privacy, and now they expect all of us to download a separate app so we can view and respond back to messages.  I have no memory for it
Is the best
Fix the videos right this time. Videos dont work, audio sucks too.
Why does Facebook need access to so much???  Ridiculous
Cool ad great
It really gud and very easy to use
Pictures and comments are more and more difficult to view it's very disconcerning and MAKING ppl download another app to view messages is RIDICULOUS!!!
Siam12345
Too much access for a social media app, plus forcing you to install messenger app... uninstalling it now...
Well I explained why I think!
Facebook
Its a good app!!!
U r expensive on android
Requires access to too much personal information.
I have removed the app. 1) I was  forced to see auto played videos when I don't want to but could watch them when I want to because the screen went black when I clicked to play! 2) Too many outrageous, intrusive permissions. 3) I was unable to see all posts I made on my own fb wall! Wow. 4) Notes I created on my fb page via the app automatically set to public vs. my default setting of my friends only! 5) Battery drain.
Facebook application y do u eat up so much Memory.....
Nice App !!!
Get iy for coins on subway surf
I love facebook
Why you dont make it low matirity app?
You were okay....then you updated and updated. Now you are forcing your users to install a stupid app with almost every permission there is.  This may be the last straw Facebook. Seriously considering leaving you in the dust.
And do NOT download the messenger app. If you haven't seen the news, when you download it you're giving them permission to you contacts, call/texting, camera/video recorder, and mic. Meaning they can send texts to your contacts on YOUR BEHALF. Anybody can see THROUGH your camera lense and listen in through the mic on your phone. Even if the app isn't in use. Do NOT download it. Its not illegal because you give it permission before download. Total invasion of our privacy!!!
Add ne in wechat swe6111
keeps telling me its not responding and the box says wait, report or close, I click either wait or close and the box returns relentlessly please fix same with messanger. Privacy settings keep reverting to public however many times i change it to friends of friends, not happy.
I like that I can display my accomplishments ...
Videos won't play
It's so dumb now and it's retarded you can't read message's
Fun and free
I do not understand why you need so many permissions. Read my sms messages? Not a chance in hell! Change or disconnect wi-fi? Why please? I understand that the app needs certain permissions, but these new permissions are wholly unreasonable.
Vumigle
Facebook
Not happy will NOT download messenger and
I use to all of the time to reach people I couldn't talk to other wise
Constantly freezing!
Its great.... my best app nd social site... thumbs upp
Amazing
Very Good
This new update sucks
Hi gugs
Sometimes I've been facing troubles to turn the notifications off in the app, so I need to login in the browser to do it. The app must be more complete in its functionality.
Nice
good
Can't get news feeds to load. Pictures just buffer and I'm sick of it. Comments dont stay current so will show 3 when there may actually be 10. I've been considering dropping FB due to privacy concerns and with this issue occurring on my Note II ALL the time I'm about done.
Good
Works OK on motto x
Privacy concerns and erratic updates on my wall make this far more inconvenient than it is worth. I have a browser on my phone or I can always wait until I get to my desktop.
Facebook
Fonseca
Its realy hot....
Just loading and nothing to see
Its Amazing
Different
When I want to share a FB post, I have the options to share on my timeline, someone else's, in a group or on a page, but there's no option to share via FB private message like there is in the desktop version.
I like it
Pooja jyothish kumar
I also need to download messenger..old app is better
Being a beta tester for the Facebook app is nice, getting to see all of the new stuff before it hits the market.
but I just wish fb make their own emoticons for comments and status, I been downloading emoticon from other app an it doesn't work properly please make fb make ur own!!!
It's garbage, need to fix asap.
Sucks
It can be made better... and offline features can also be added.
Did not want to have to download messager
If you check before you download it Facebook has access to all your contacts your photos they can record you on your mic and watch you on your camera they can check all your texts too not cool fb
Maruuuuuuuuuuuuuu
Suuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuukkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkksssssssssssssssssssssssss
Still can't any videos -.- the update was completely useless!
Once I made a post that wouldn't post for some reason and now it is on the top of my news feed and I can't get rid of it.
Takes up way to much space...
Redundant
Don't understand y it cud nt be transferred to external memory. Eats too much space.
Love it
i dislike this app beacuse this very slow
Best best
Ever since the last update, with full 3g range my facebook shows error loading feed while other apps seems to work fine. Also, i have stopped receiving notification pings on my phone screen. It seems facebook is unable to connect to the network itself throughout. Please fixxxxx!!!
IT'S GREAT
Nic facebook
Cannot play video and only updated yesterday! Please fix
They want to many permissions on my phone. I dont see the need to. Fb makes my feel un safe around my own phone
Nothing now works, have tried everything to fix it from resetting my tablet and reinstalling Facebook. Just wasting my time because it's the update that has stopes messenger working and videos and pictures been displayed. Rubbish get it fixed or give us the option for the older version which worked ok..
Itt Wontt Lett Mee Dowloadd It ??
The cool way meet new peoples ... Cha ty geya shahzad ahmad
Even with 3G...the app unable to load the posts.
Too many permissions
Had to start allover. Wouldntg accept my password. Had password for 2 years. Wouldn't accept all of a sudden. Trying one more time. Doesn't work tghis time get rid of it.
Keeps saying 'error loading news feed'. Getting sick of seeing this message, happening almost every day. Tried uninstalling/reinstalling and nothing works. Get it sorted or I'll get rid!
Cool
I love Facebook,  I keep up with all of my friends from little school, (elementary) and across the world.  It's awesome!
Its so disqusting  with all these changes they are doing
Cool app
Love it
Nice! I Love it
Working very slow from last few weeks..
Since a few days ago cannot see anything. Worthless
ok
I wnt it ,,bcz i fnd my old frnd
ALLAH ..........
The area under a post where it tells me the number of comments and likes are blended together on some posts. Tired of the error message or permission message to open links! Too long of loading times with pics and images.
Updates r always welcome ! Breaking monotony nd bringing in freshness!

Thanks
It is so good this aplication
It's cool
Don't like that I have to use messenger for pm, and it wants to get all of my contacts, the work around is the website. Don't understand why have an app that is not fully functional. This last update is lousy.
Its ok
Well Done! 5 Stars!
change the life.....
Since fb went to requiring you to have the messenger app to get messages,  the fb app won't load anything at all. I have to use the regular fb through my browser. Very frustrating!!!!!!
no thia cant be right u have to downlaod messenger???? wtf?!?!
Amazing
They asked too much stuff to get into all your text messages view your contacts everything invasion of privacy you don't download this!  theres one web app that is much easier and all I ask for is your location that's all I ask for, just scroll down in your Google Play and you find it
I like fb
Love this app
You have to pay 1.99 to see any reports so not a free app useless
Videos wont play .. That easy fix it!!
Oh
Demands acces to everything
Easy to use:)
Status/Photo/Check in bar is annoying.
Frndship
After the recent update, it keeps force closing. It takes long to load and I can't stand a second app just for messages.
This app is good for busy person to connect to their love ones far away home. Or good to have news for a long lost friend.
It will brick your phone once you've done downloading and stole all your info
From last version app is not good
No choice to unistall fb messenger is very annoying. Now,it can't write private message via inbox.hate it
It's good
I think this good because I get to see more friends
It is gud
The update ruing it
Nice
Works well, takes long to load on slow connections
Great app.... but should allow 2 download pics directly
I wonder how to rank you as Royally suck, and stop bugging us but we can't. Can you simply stop trying to snoop and fix what you crash.
I no longer trust updates until I've read reviews on the new version... Too many updates break something that worked... If your version functions, keep it! Also 41mb resources used are you kidding EDIT: I updated against my better judgment hoping it would fix an issue with Messenger... I REGRET EVERYTHING.... The "scroll to top of feed after following a link even though there are still unread posts" behavior is so much worse! BAD PROGRAMMERS NO COOKIE
Great
I like this
Stay connected
Superb
Fabulous
Good
Its just because i dont want my identity being shown in the public
Good or samsung
Very slowly
Very slow  ¡ï¡ï¡ï¡ï¡ï
Always stops and closed
It serves you ads based on where you go irl.  It suggests friends based in conversations you have on the phone.  It uses more ram than all other apps combined.  Just use your computer, you don't need to bring fb with you everywhere.
I luv it
Facebook
Utterly useless. Freezes all the time. This is probably the end of my facebook experience cause Google + is working just fine.
Love it
Intrusive. Preloaded. Refuses to take feedback.
Wish it would stop auto updating despite disabling that.
Md778899
Facebook is CONSTANTLY failing out, will not load my newsfeed, refuses to allow me to upload photos, and has just become a major inconvenience. I have been contemplating deleting my account for some time. This may finally cause me to do it. Either make the updates an actual UPGRADE, or give the users the option to NOT get the new version. Because this is some bull.
Timeline issues, can see post on other people's timeline that I've posted or tagged them in what's going on with these updates sort it it!
Facebook is fantasic
Takes too much personal information
Nic app
Itsss tooo slow ... god knows what has happnd since last update
Waste of life app right here
Ease and good
Hey admin please solve it not auto connected fb only instant launchers open solve it and reply?
Facebook
Just like everything about it.....
The settings that asking if i want notifications for events is turned off. Yet every second day a "friend" has a birthday and my phone vibrates. Facebook has gone through several updates since this problem showed up too. Also get ride of the photo thing at the bottom. I accidently press it everytime
Not instaling
Keeping in touch with friends and family
COOL!!!!!!!!!!
Bakwah app
Awsom
Best
Need to improve
Ya like
Not a fan
After the last update I'm practically using my browser to access Facebook. The app has become very slow and worthless.
Loving nd enjoying Facebook updated version.
Taking forever to update
Nice!
Nice
Works great.
It's faster to.click on
This FB is very too slow
It Can't be installed on the latest android version :S
Bad :@
Facebook is just getting wack with the years....
Love
I have never had a problem before this past couple days. Pictures are not loading at all and I am on 4G....is this problem being resolved?  Thanks!
Like it
I refuse to download an app that requires me to download other asps that this app previously accomplished.
It can see your browsing history & calendar events. Weird.
Daedae
Worked fine til latest update, now login errors and takes forever to load anything. If it ain't broke, don't fix it.
Nice app
Salam
Nice great update
I love it met my husband on there
After updates its a hefty app, Why wont you let me put it on my sd fb? Why???
Not ok with policies
The new updated version available on 17th August is another useless attempt to improve fb functionality. It's not loading feeds news updates in spite of wheel rolling for hours and using high speed Internet. I just wish I could go back to previous version.
It keeps crashing !!!! About to delete it
Its awsome
It's hard to edit the about section which doesn't even appear on my profile when I log in through my phone
After update works too slowly please upgrade it, fix it..!
Don't even get me started on the messenger app.
Good
Love it
But fb ll use lot of data useage X(
Do you pay monkeys to work on this app?
Good
Best application ever
Facebook was great until the last few updates, but now I'm forced to download messenger just to see messages, and it takes up too much of my ram. Please just bring it back to normal.
its awesome but massage option something wrong
mobile is working tooooo slow after some time when instaling fb
My whole  about section is missing so I can't change my relationship status. And I can't even uninstall the app. Worthless!!
Not worth the aggravation...
Still can't play video clips
Fun to keep your friends and family
Joe newk
It should not take that long to load up preloaded pics, u guys add to much addons, and to many settings that should have it's own app, even videos it should have its own feed called video feed app, man u guys are not thinking royal dynasty ex can help u guys, what's on your mind & pictures, likes and comments in real time, understand android is designed for all froms of memory to 512 , to use this app you need at lease 2gb or more of memory !!!!
Oops! It is 2 good.
Thanks
It sucks oftenly
Thanks
Even after selecting Most recent option, nothing changes in the newsfeed. Will you peoples understand we don't need a top stories as a default one that will reply help us.
Good
Plz remve mesenger and start the previous regular chat box
Better than previous one..... waiting for newer version.. :-)
Love it
Hey Facebook, two words: YOU SUCK!!! 
Hi
People!   Stop complaining about the app. It isn't the app; it's your operating system.  Swallow your pride and go buy an iPhone.   This app worked perfectly on the iPhone. Almost nothing works correctly on Android.
A very good app
I like samsung Android
Last update not woking properly
Wack
Great
Please someone tell me how to clear the notification list.
highest
Black
After updating , it is always frozen . Please repair this defect . It was better without updating
too slow
Nothing
Mast....
its crap
Boycott israel...
Hai
Always pop up state the apps not working and force close and caused my phone lag.
Nyc app
Enjoy this app.
Its the best
When I want to open/see my message, it didnt open and lag/hang/crashed or need to be force close. I need to go to the messenger app and open the message. Please fix it! Thank You.
This update is really a sht. Cant chat a friend w/out installing that Messenger -_-
Latest update doesn't allow you to select a folder when uploading a picture. Now they are trying to force people to use another app just for messaging.  Hit them where it hurts close your accounts and use instagram.
Gabby doods
Very boring
Bedno je postaviti da ne mozemo videti poruke bez mesengera. a od Mesengera mi koci tel. JADNICI !
Not bad
Horrible, why I need to install a messanger??? I would rather use my webpage to log in......UNINSTALL!!!!The new version is awful !!! I don't like it at all! Why every 3-4  months they keep changing it???
Please make your BLUE background lighter.its hard to say that this us getting a little ugly but you only need to know what users suggest
It doesn't work properly. When i start it it becomes stop suddenly
Sony xperia play video error video error video error
Ameging
Facebook gets worse with every update. the fact that you have to download a completely separate app to use messages and it completely violates your privacy
Luka
Lovely
Its an amazing experience of communicating with frnds old also..<3
Its really useful, like very much
Nice app i love facebook
Excellent
Yes
App wasn't able to fully install on Samsung 4s phone
6069
Latest version sucks. Crashes from time to time uploading pics and videos and crashes all the time if I want to tag someone in a picture.
Really disappointed that .GIF moving pictures are not supported! I mean c'mon! You have videos that move on their own
Very nice upload.all friend meet and latest news
Very brad
Love
It's direct link nice
All it does is freeze and goes to force stop
Chat very slow view
Why won't the videos play anymore. I loved this app until this crap happened. Plz fix this problem.
Facebook

No messenger?  No problem. NO FACEBOOK! uninstalling!
Nice n brilliant update..
Gud
always ask to login or closes ui sucks
Good
Good
Good one
egff
hard to upload videos,.. sometimes it never did upload., i have more videos that i want to share.but unfortunately.... hmmf... hope u find ways for this...
Since the last update its too slow I don't know why u guys don't fixed this issue. Please do that otherwise deleting the app would be the better option.
I love Facebook to keep in touch with family and friends
I thought it was my phone or connection for the slow opening till I uninstalled it and came back to reinstall it and seen all the comments of disappointment from the users.
It's amazing
It won't let me install it.  Keeps saying error "-24". Please fix
Can't download it
Can't read my messages
So we need two app to chat?
Okaay
MatpulaS
A good apps
It has been loading for 10 hrs and not noe yet
Guys can you gave the old version..cause the new update it is always hang on my samsung galaxy premier..i hope u guys can fix this bugs!
Love allah
Uttamkumar meska
Good
Its good
But not allowing copy the content.
Cooool
Most of fb users..doesnt like a new version of fb.  ...hastle.....
Keeps telling me sorry, Facebook isn't working. Then it leaves.
Chiranjeevi
I can't download the pic from fb since the latest date and it works even slower than before.
It sucks
Is the best
update won't download or upload any pictures or videos. Good job Facebook       WORTHLESS
The videos never play!!!!  I really don't like this new set up!
Videos always stop playing
Why fb messager request all time download messager plz don't do stop it
Facebook
mirza
Beside all its spying issues.
Resisted using this just to spite facebook since they now force those without the messenger to get app. Besides that it lags a bit. Lets return to original bc now just going to use browser
Don't hate me
Very few pictures and updates come through
i used facebook and i love the change it make it just easy;)
Nic aaap
its fast n perfect fr internet
Puki
Super
This app has hit the point no matter what I take off my phone there is insufficient space to update it. Really needs to become an app I can move to my SD card
Hell that update man... It sucks my fb isn't working at all it just loads all the time
isnt what its supposed to be! the first posts are okay, but after that its things from like 2 or 3 days ago. doesnt help at all when I just want to see recent posts
Just fix!
Perpetual crashing! Annoying
Nice
Puedo estar en contacto con la familia y enterarme de los logros y estoy al dia de como estan, por eso me gusta Facebook, gracias.
Why you forcing me to install the messenger?????
i love it
People waste 2 much time on this app
Could not get any better
Super
Ok
This application occupied internal memory. There is no option to move the application to sd card.
:-) ....
Ok
Facbuk
Never work always save my password in wrong always say my password wrong
Komal.A.singh
gile best betoiiiiii...donlod ley komey,klau x rugi,aje nya ye..
Force close
It is very useful
kuch nhi
Bindas apps
It's horrible
Good very
I love
Slow to load when not connected to wifi! I will increase rating when problem is resolved!
I never had problems with this app. It's lightning fast and never crashes. For those who are having trouble, it's probably ur phone, or ur interner connection. HAHA
Lovely. ..
Thats nice
I love FB but I hate the stupid messenger app that we are forced to download now for messaging. Facebook if you can read this comment, please make the messenger app optional again.
Pretty poor. The feed keeps jumping when new posts are added, and I have to order the posts by date every time as FB doesn't save my preferences. I also hate that every picture I upload is automatically made public.
Zamey
I like this apps
Not work properly
Yeppie
Sometimes it kicks me out.
:)
Greay
Fb . What happend ? When i was going to open the app it keeps crashing and crashing many times before i open it normally. Pls fix it. And also fix the LAG !  And i will give u 3 stars
Problems with the pictures and force stops
I unchecked auto-update on this app and I found that it still went ahead and updated and the auto-update box was magically checked again. Thinking about using the web version exclusively because that is pretty invasive.
Tanks
Nice
Mala jak nya madah 'unfortunedly' lah apa lah...ndak alah2 terpdam kdrik bha..sak ati knk nya..ya jak...
Facebook is the best
I do not wish to have my privacy poked at with this messenger app I much rather answer msgs on the regular Fb app. Thinking of deactivating my account all together. I value my privacy.
Faster
good app
Video canot play after 2 updates.
Nice n fast
Ever since the update my app....it's not workong right
Too much good
A good way to search the world.( illuminati)
Fine app
Yea it is nice its just some kind of wow its awesome
i ddn't play my vedios..
I think this apps contain most space anyway nice to use
It has become more convenient Den before i really love diz App (y)
Keke
i like
I don't care about things that happened 3 days ago, nor the new messenger, an I refuse to display my personal information!!!
Facebook may help social workers I would like to thank them
Faster
If zero was a rating, even that would be to high. Since the last update, fb will not load. The circle just turns and turns but nothing happens. It is another useless app.
Loved it
Loading too slow, errors in loading videos. Changed to tinfoil for facebook.
Amazing
Good one
A beautiful way to connect all friends and relatives
Plz include the download option for pics download.
I do not find the option I can edit my comments. Plus I can not share to a private message but just on my wall. Make this improvements pls
Want more
I love this app its quick
I like it
I like this app
Nice time pass
Need improvment
Amazing
Aewosem app
I am not able to watch videos. Period. Over Wi-Fi and over my data. It has been this was since the new update. Fix it
Best
Nothing
P KHAN 127450@
Some times my friends send me this is your video? What was that for, and i know that is a virus.
Ravi
997298702

Slow as ever and why so intrusive???
good
Esta bien.chida la aplicacion y facilita mucho las cosas. Es mas rapido en el chat y etc t mas facil que estar en la compu
I like
Terima Kasih Sayang ku
Seronok
Recently every upgrade is not good. Browsing newsfeed, checking someone's profile and typing a comment all of the above suddenly become blank. And notification is not complete. Fix is a must!
12345
Chat disabled for another app. Now very few post load pictures and video unless on WiFi. Recent activity take very long to load new post. Step backwards.
40
Everything was working find at the most before the update, now I can't even go Into fb it stays on loading and never boots up # FIXTHISPROBLEM
Good
Like
I can't load anything! You forced messenger on me, which I hate! Re installed and now it won't even let me log in! Your sure after advertiser money, but don't give a rat's @$$ about the people that use this app! You've ruined Facebook!
Anisha.bomjan
This version is quite the data storage hog. Constantly having to delete storage content.O_o
Why the newest version u guys developed it with so heavy load and need a big space ram ? Can u guys build it with more lights App ?
Its slow and doesn't show my pics or videos. I get my updates on fb only the next evening. Poor poor poor
Allow me to copy text from the app
Requires nearly as many permissions as their messenger app. Wants to be able to make calls, take pics and videos and delete things from my phone. Read permissions before downloading.
Slow
Yep! Improved.
Even though the network conditions are good it keeps on showing "Error loading news feed". Very poor performance. Please fix this.
Fantastic
First, I'm not going to allow the crazy access you want, second it was working fine, third why in the world would I want to load another app just because you want more access.  Side note: When I say don't use my location, that includes stop trying to use my GPS.
what the hell happened to facebook app and fb messenger app too.... this is ridiculous! FIX IT.
Lovely app
At first it was a g00d app but later i d0nt like the update versi0n because the Messenger c0mpuls0ry is s00 bad idea.  It takes away my ram which makes my device sl0w and its als0 s00 ann0ying.. ply rem0ve the messenger c0mpuls0ry. Fb messaging was the best
Karena
It amazing
Nice
Im ure #1fan
I do not want to use messenjer, this is a big problem for me. That is why I don't like it any more
Love it
Fear humans not innocent animals
It is so stupid now that it is just no one wants to get on any more it is sad
Can you please bring back the option to tag Page names that we follow in status & comments section.. It was there..now its gone
Cool calm and Sofisticated
Fasdook
But it uses more space
I see no need for a separate Messenger app, taking up more MB on my phone. I pass on that app.
Goods
New versio
Excellent
I hate I have to download messenger. Its screwing my phone up. Slowing it downThe app was fine the way it was before
Facebook is laggy now
I like hem
Azarias julio
Awsm social app......!!!!!!!!
Add the video download option

Veri good facebook
Very slow......   aaaaawwww!!! Haa!!
Coooool
With each update,facebook gets slower in the mobile version. When I click on ,there is a disgusting circle,spinning forever,like that old blazer browser ,always bufferimg and drawing ,as you waite forever for the page to open.With each update,facebook should download faster.One other disturbing, disvovery,is the ability to see all my un-uploaded pictures in my phone while i'm on facebook.I did not agree to allow all of my albums to be viewable on facebook.Only uploadef picturhoulf be accessable.
Big improvement.
MY HP GETS LAGGY AFTER THE UPDATE IT SUCKS BALLS
I dont want ur fckng messenger app
Wooooo
Nice
Updates are fake
I love Facebook
On the verge of deleting
Nice apps
i can't send message anymore without using messenger app...pls. fix this i preferred to use facebook app alone . thanks :) im using samsung galaxy s dous 2
Won't load ,
Sofia Calderon 46@
Very slow app i ever seen
very nice app
i love blackey
Very good
Since updzte not receiving videos and its not as good as before
I realy loved this game!
Waste
In Bangladesh there is a hacker sending us spam links and some of us are infected so please increase security
Can it get any worse?
Tony Stewart
I hate when you are added to a photo you knew nothing about
older version.   this version of. fb. I think sucks
Yo yo i loved this fb .....thank full to yo yo amer bhai zhb
Hated it.
Since the last update the application has been crashing almost the second I open it, I don't even get to check anything! Fix please!
So good
So nice application and
Love to use it.
After the update,my phone slows down
This app is for wh0re$ and jigs.
Thanks
This latest update has ruined watching a full video  without multiple error messages. And now it takes an extra step to get to your browser to read an article. FB wants to keep you locked in the app along with messenger taking over your phone. Just terrible!
Good
They tried to force me to install their messenger so i gave 1 star and even uninstalled  the fb app. Guys dont get abused by fb
Facebook
Don't want it!
Have forgotten the number of times I have had to reinstall it. Tres tiresome.
Fix this. Pics do not load! Was working fine. A billion dollar company can't even keep a little app running!?
Great
I cant download it alwys says it's error :( fix it please
Lol
Facebook messenger should not be mandatory. I'm not downloading it.
Processor and ram consuming. Laggy when connected to wifi. Violate privac.
Good
Excellent
Takes to long to load  and update
I wish facebook doesnt updated
Finally got it to download, but can't open it to use it due to its size. They have gone to a new level and I'm done with it all. Not downloading this OR messenger.
Love it .
Firsy you wanted tot read my texts, modify my calendar entries and send emails to people. Then you wanted me to install a 2nd app to do all that. No thanks.
Videos wont play anymore
Sandhu
Bad
Ramababu trs
BINDAAS APP
Invasion of privacy with ridiculous, unnecessary access permissions. Change this please Facebook. I'm uninstalling it until you've changed this. Use the browser version instead.
It s beautifull i was use it in the computer and when i buy my tablet i use it now in my galaxy tab and the FB app is better than computer app
Nizz bt more tym for loadin n all...... need to improve more n should includ foto commentsss
Good
Its cool to me
Ghoti nasik maharast im am sistyeit aej colif metrik my birth day one march fortysevan
Good connection with friend
Hjhjj
Nice fb
Awesome networking site its connecte to be new people but one mistake nd fault in facebook....""" facebook privacy is very week please I hope oneday make a strong privacy in facebook....
It.my favourate app
Ok
1.Every day new update yek we are hear for see update on Facebook not for update Facebook every day plz stop it. 2.Hear is no option to copy words or good quote so plz improve it den I will give surely 5 star.
Good
Why the mqttservice is always running and consuming lots of memory? Although I have disabled all notifications and sync!!!
Only app to ever cause my phone to struggle sometimes when opening or, mainly, when switching open apps. Should learn from Google+ how to improve the overall user experience.
Good for friends
Great
Good
Gud
Pics won't load.  Wheel just spins.  Takes forever to refresh
No reason to have main app anymore. What a joke Facebook has become.
New upgrade absolutely Sucks
I tryed 100 times to install it but it just sad "Unknown error occurred while downloading-24".Pls fix this !
It needs some improvement I feel
Pls removed that and don't force us to downlod that app.!!!!
After update videos doesnt load please fix this error then it will be great
This brings a real PC fb experience to phone
It's too slow.....it is not installing ,
But perfomance is some bad slow loading news page
Wow
Best app
Always crashing!!.. Not responding!!..
Its goood.........
:-)
Network strangling
Eman
Borrring app...
Facebook's
Slow, the feed doesn't go back to where I was if I click a link and go to the browser, very annoying
Still missing some features but overall great app for facebook
I don't like messenger I want the other facebook back.
It's always on "Loading"!!! Never ending spin..
Gud features
I cant post.. Tsss-_-
Once I run the update it stops working really fed up
Good
Very Good
Gud...
Speed faster
Its beautiful
Too much privacy invading...
I uninstalled Facebook because I am no longer allowed to view my messages within the app. I'm forced to download FB Messenger whether I want to or not.
Tutu
Love it
Nice
Great
19
Better than perfect
How can such a huge firm like Facebook produce such a slow and useless app??? Remove this messenger app spam! Now we MUST use the messenger... F**K you!
Best
It won't update my news feed. All it says is error
The application is ok but the messenger is annoying... dont force us to use another application for messenger...
Good
786786
soo good Guys
Kl
Your meeting my ever app need!
I can t read full newsfeed  and   i  opening   fb   it  shows error loading new feed pls  solve it
This app is crap
Now it's even worse! Constant updates and failed updates.
Ever since the update my app isn't working right, won't load pics and takes forever to refresh, whether its on 4g or WiFi, doesn't matter. Pretty much only have access through an actual computer,  QUIT changing stuff.  BTW your new messaging app is total BS
very good
I had no problems with it
Since the last update , fb became very slow ,I am not even able to check the comments on my pictures even after using 3g connection ! -_-
There's No Reply On Comments Are You Stupid To Forget Something Like That ???!
Hi I lake to know why I can't access to my new Facebook says not existing functions meaby not work please you can talkme why?
You ask a lot for our personal info and I have to download the messenger to chat? Hell no, change that
Makeke
I loved this app
NEED A LOT OF WORK ALWAYS CRASHING ON MY SMARTFREN
Love it
The last update caused my phone to go crazy
Facebook is completely worthless now, we should all go back to MySpace. LMAO
Gr8
A
Messenger is useless
Oooooo its fast....i like it..@
KHAN
Kiya ap janna chahte hain k Facebook...............................?
Its very good now and i hope to keep the work going
very fast facebook

It basically doesn't work at all.
I like this app please get more new updates and fast messaging
Love it
That's a great app
Best social app
Why do you need so many permissions?  Recording audio? Looking through my pictures and deleting what you don't like? Uninstalling this app ASAP
K
good
Its fantastic.... <3
Woo hoo
It runs very slow
This aap i s wonderfull  this aap connect the people to people
Very nice
I like it
Its slow like always wont let me any update videos
Since the last update. Cannot post anything. Keeps saying retry. Well not going to retry for a day and half.
It's great but I have to restart the app to save photos plz fix
T
Messages get deleted automatically. Previous version was better.
This is good social network sight.
Always crashes. It causes my phone to lag. Poorly developed
wov
Excellent
everything is wrong..before the last update, very few pics loaded and video never played...always get the error message...since the last update, can't open facebook at all...TQ
It will force you to install messenger. Which is horrible. Lags to much. News feeds are not showing. Cant attach files to msgs. Wish there is an alternative to connect with friends.
Can't save videos
Does not work most of the time. The update's not good. Please fix the app.
Not a good
What is wrong with this update?? The videos never play.
Nice
Recent update broke pictures.
Doesnt load videos n just crashes always keeping dis app just for posting comments hate it to d core
Gud
Just use the Web interface. It's superior in every way.
FIX IT! Ugh...
nyc app
good
Connecting with people easily
Update is fantastic!!!!
Pics won't load ... and facebookbmessanger is really bad ..I think this update was rushedb or facebook doesn't care anymore
N
Nice
Facebook ever bug app....
Fast and easy to use
Always update...
Fix it!
Goodu
News feed are random, everytime I have to click on "Most recent" .Many people don't know this and they are missing many comments
This is only app in my phone which consumes more than 100 mb ram in background...  And is laggy
(y)
Yet to see it
None
Wow i love this app smoother faster n easier.
It is wonderful
Its ok just wish it won't keep updating when i don't want it to
I cant see my messege without download messenger but i dont wont to diwnload messenger..
Slow.. very slow.. even smtimes it nvr load.
Superb
Nice application
Siip....
User friendly and number one
worst update..fix t plz...
Fb is amazing
Altamash
Good ..
How to edit my posted comment?
Nice
Nice
Ahhhh favourite app lovie.......!!!! <3 <3 eeeee really this is just awesum to this app muah :*
wark
Running too slow on my phone; Noir A11
i cant download videos
not bad
Always getting errors on the new update dont like it
Fb messenger, sucks!
Lol
it take long time to open
Cant play videos. It crashes when you click on a video. Fix this error fast.Nothing is new in updates.Updates are realesed only for name sake.
123456789
I don't understand this issue of password being demanded for when logging in whereas I did not use password when down loading fb.
Gaping effective :) <3
Unfortunately I have been unable to watch videos through Facebook since March of this year. I keep hoping the next new update will fix this glitch but each time it's the same problem- video starts to play, it freezes and then freezes my app - eventually an unknown error appears :( Perhaps the next update will fix this - *fingers crossed*
Superb fast on 3G
Awesome
Now it lets me put stupid funny pictures in the comments
so much hate. Never loaded data good. and even if data loads it takes too much of my godamn time. if u guys don't fix this. i will unsubscribe. even delete my facebook account
great
Facebook
Loved it
But chat is not possible without messenger.. plz fix it
i don't like the improvements
I like  fb
Freezes and crashes a lot
Dont download games, pic,videos will not open
Fails to provide the replica of Facebook website in terms of functionality. E.g. can not change cover picture of group. No search option for group. Can't create a doc or upload file. Creating album or uploading a picture is pain if it's not my recent picture. It takes lot of time to load. Instead I'll prefer to open a gallery like other apps. Few more small bugs which are really annoying.
Fcbjj
Too much ram consumption!abouve 100mb with service running in background! This is a smartphone, not a desktop pc.
With the latest, photos I share from my page to my Timeline don't show. Please fix it!
Its like the loading issues is becoming worse.
I loved it
cool
Like
Slow and unresponsive. Needs major changes.
App takes up way too much memory, only app I can have on my phone so I deleted it. I now use the browser version of Facebook which makes my Facebook experience terrible.
Hhh
I can't add photos to my albums anymore now that Facebook updated itself
Good
facebook
Ys
Ramai rakan yg blh dikenali
Liked the notification now it gives on locked screen.
It is nice fb in world....
Hate somethings. Hate having to use the backup button to scroll all the way back to my home page. It displays mutual friends  in my search bar people I hav not even searched for. Please fix it.
Its the best .Try it you will see
Why do I have to start from the top of the feed whenever I return to Facebook? Please fix.
Love it, as long as it's keeping us up to date thats great
My comments never shared its so bad
Five star
Change it back. Hate the layout. Photos and videos dont load. Cant read comments, new feed doesnt update... Just uninstalled!!!!!!!!!
Awesome browsing through Facebook mobile app :)
This app stinks hasn't worked like old one . Was forced to download because I couldn't get msg. My phone is slow can't get to even change full. Hate it. Doesn't work like it should ever since have it. Sucks an so do you!!!!
Valare mosham nammude samayam pokum atra thanne
Don't download please because its an iseralil company
People make this FaceBook important but it's not.
*up*
Loved it
Its one of the worst app whenevr try to open Facebook.. Its not responding Facebook Activity.. Worst App for one star is also not worthy for this app.:-(:-(
Keeps Crashing and Crashing.Fix and I will get a better rate for You!
Good
Last update is very slow. Fazooooolll
The new update don't appear me
mess2
can better ;)
Doesn't work at all. Takes forever to load even when there is a very good data connection
Good to stay connected when beloved one z far away :)
It takes plenty of time to load a page of friends video pics and friend search list
Great apps!
Loving it :*
Worth it!¡­
bakar
Social network
It always crashing
Good
Gud
Thank you for the new update.  I can now say I have successfully recovered from Facebook addiction and can enjoy my life without it.
Things were going well, but now the latest update has messed things up again. The newsfeed is not updating, images aren't loading, & comments aren't showing on many posts. It takes several attempts to get the newsfeed to refresh, if at all.  I'm being pressured to download the messenger app again. Didn't like it before. Don't want it now. If I'm forced into it, I'll just lose the app and use my browser. Last night's update did not fix these issues.
Love it much
excellent app
I'll never download the FB Messanger !!
Don't install it hangs my phone
Nice and very fast
Super
Slow
SIMON WILL,FIND IT'S ONE TOTAL WIERD NERDS WORLD WHICH MAKES ME ONE,NEED A REALITY CHECK THAT'S WOT I THINK.
The application requires a lot of memory space to run smoothly. Other than that, it works as advertized.
Good apps
Good application
Great app. Loved it.
Nice
So cull broda
I can't open my messages because of facebook messenger please remove it its more complicated. I want the facebook without facebookmessenger
To connecting people
<3
Now you cant send or read messages from the facebook app. Despite thateverytime i turn it on it shows i have anew message: telling me to install the separate messenger app. Despite the fact i do not want instant messaging.
I loveit
Not bad! but sometimes it gets stopped and hangs mobile
Thanks
Good
good
this apps is too lousy. I cant see my inbox message if I dont install MESSENGER.
SupSupet
Do with a few improvements to mske it more modern.. more like the facebook on iphones
O k
Tt
Check dis out
Loved it
Lovelyyyy
Always running back as it drains my phone battery
I just like it very much
Facebook is my life
I love it
Its wrking excellently
Downloading facebook but it takes forever to load it b it 3G or wifi or whatever.... Thumbs Down!
Jagadish
Very  nice  so  sweet
Facebook
It just freezes all freaking time...
IT IS THE CAUSE LF LAG....
Just not happy with all this app needs permission to if downloaded on my phone. Will be uninstalling it after today!
dhaybi
is best broser & frds joint
Loading loading loading .....f**K app
Love it
All i can see is a "tap to retry" sheet... #us soles
Oyooooooooooo

Awesome..
Very need apps
Still some problems are facing while saving of photos
00085
In
:-)
Crap.
Chaq book
Keeps freezing up....and whenever I update, Facebook kicks my friends off of my friend list..this app is terrible! I'm seriously thinking of uninstalling the app altogether.
No control over who sees what etc!!!! Why do I want my news feed full of articles that a friend of a friend has commented on?!?!?! Plus the videos won't play on Android phones!!!!
ok
Keep up de gud work
Verygood
Working slow after update. The worst. How to roll back upgrade?
good
Won't do it
Angel
Rd
When will it be moved to SD card?
Supported
777
I want new Facebook app
I can t send messages anymore without installing the messenger app -.- wth ?!
No Discrepsion
Have to keep changing to Most Recent on the newsfeed. Sometimes it freezes while scrolling. All together this update sucks. I prefer the older version. Come on Facebook for Android....get it right
Narayan
Lovely
good
Daveandlaura Ellis
,
Never worked via wifi
Like
Hiiii
Great
Its a very guuud app
Going every where for anybody.
Fine app
Kl bavse
Cool
Not as good as older vrsion
M
:/
Stop forcing us to install crap we don't want.
Super love
Awesomeness! ,:D
Its good..i really love using this app
Gr8 application
Since my last update, unable to upload or view any updates... its worst, its not worth even a single start
Ok
Good Application....
FACE BOOK
:p
Raju
.
good
Needs improvement for tablet UX
Nc app.
Passmoving
videos playing but cannot watch and its too slow when I open my Facebook and always  "it is not responding"pls fix I'm always frustrated and stressed..
Nice
Good but not very good app.
UPDATE is not working ! -_-
Love
Small changes and huge sized updates
Very good
Like
This is amazing
Great
I dnt knw y the hell this app is forcing to download the messager app to check the messages? Please delete this nonsense
Getting better now...
Gud
Cool
Husin
Mandal ms
Nicr
Video uploads make my phone freeze, especially when I want to pull down the notification bar. It's been like that for a long time now.
I love this
Oo
Because of this app..I lost my gf...
Wowwww
Mupunga
Supar .....
I like this aap.
it
I love it
So good
Very good application!!
Since updated again nothing works very well or it is very slow, if you put a picture in the comments it doesn't work and neither do emoji's at all. Don't bother updating as it gets worse...
This is a must have application.
Good
Have granddaughter on the way
Ranjit
I couldn't find the page i liked...where does the *About* disappeared?  Pls don't update software and disappear something..this is really bad to be updated. Become worst but not better.
Sucks since last update
Want to sort by most recent
Nic
Krishna
I love it
Veeru
2gud
Dil lagta nahi kahi bin f.b ke.
A five star is a sine of successful.
Its Loads faster
Good application
Stop forcing us to get messenger I don't want it why ever bother with this app if all you do is push messenger on us went from a 4 to a 2 this sucks
Ok
Good
Yuk not updating only
Good
To good to use
Tiuni
Won't let me watch videos, keeps crashing and saying "a unknown error has occurred"     please fix    -  Sony xperia z    Just updated to the latest and the videos freeze and wont play at all,   please fix this
Can you bring back the option to share videos on platforms other than Facebook, for example whatsapp
Rating
Became too much law.... n forced to download messenger. .. why??? It should not be compulsory. ... n photos on this app... just no words... extreamly law speed. ....
Nice but sometimes force close
Thank you my friend  I didn't play video
Excellent...but still need speed for loadng...3G also doesnt help in boostng speed
It's gud
Installing everyday
Too good
I never surrender...
Face book is awesome app bcz we connect wd our family nd frnds every time
It's good app
Hmm
I love Facebook app but the thing is the new update is crap and ask Me to check my Internet connection !! @facebook please do something for this
Good app but Error
I have been using it since lst  2yrs n its bieng good using it. .liked it
Good for application
Excellent
This amazing
Nice software
Super app
you
it's osam
Its a good app bt need more improvements
It app tuch my heart... & attach with loveing feeling
Please add Reply function, coz we really need it! My friend has reply function, but on my tablet hasn`t. Please update. Thank you (:
For good and faster communication to my family and friends
Great
Use information we get from fb
It should be improve more.
|Why i ain't chat a friend? 4 stars.
Facebook isn't responding
Super
Much improved
Nice application!!
Taking too much memory 140 mb to fb apps downloaded 20 mb but it have today 140 mb not fixed auto closing issue and touch not working speedily
Very easy to go on
Good for using
Rajan
Awesome
Its okay
All time favourite  :D
Kiraak
Crashing when opening pages..
Incase you don't understand, most recent means the last minute or 2 not 2 or 3 days ago cause that's what seems to appear first, fix it cause it was fine.
Best its realy best
facebook
Using this app has become really annoying. From the last update it became slow and most of the times doesn't respond and we should not be compelled to use messenger app. Kindly fix all these issues
its very slow completely useless
Ya itz been gud app ..evn I like it ..Itz doin gud as wl as ..ovlsy itz fb guys
Better than ever
This app is hackin youre phone it sees what are u doin an goes thrue all youre privacy hate
Very good
Photograph
Owsum app but hate it when sum body sends u message and when u open it again gain notification appears of facebook messenger
Slow and buggy since the update
On the updates all your private settings reset
Good one
Best
Not bad
slow, very slow.
Since update lost my about on profile how do we change things, news feed is all over the place  give us options to change what we read but I WANT the about put back, heard the saying if its not broke don't fix it!!
fast and easy
Consumes data really fast!
Its amaging apps.....
After the update the app is getting really slow and wont load any messages
89
Right on
Love it
You facebookdevs should combine the messenger and the fbchat like in the iphone. Where u press the icon in fb it goes directly to the messenger's conversation list. Coz it so nice to have an chat app that doesnt sync together as one!
Supprbb amazing... ^_^
very slow
The more updates, the worse it gets. Facebook is going downhill yet privacy or lack thereof increases. I've read the privacy policy....very very long and an easy way to deter people from reading...with all you do with information...one thing you can deduce by reading our files is that we hate the messenger app and we have unresolved issues with the functionality of Facebook. People have the right to choose. When you don't give a choice to opt out...you lose. People like to choose..even if in wrong direction
Awesome
I love the new update, it is very user friendly.  Very easy to access everything! !
Very good
Star
It crashes automatically
It takes up so much of my memory everytime it updates...

At all
Excellent
Facebook
chnge themee plzzz
Superb app. Its really very useful to connect with all the people we know.
Looks good
The new update is great to but i'll start the facebook then he is not responding then 2-3 times i'm waiting for starting facebook pls fix the problam
After the update app doesnt work at all.
Great app
The new update Is really bad
One of the superb app
Dont like the messenger app!!!
I love this app.
Loved it
What's with the update? 'Error opening app'
Cooooooolly awesome
Love it
Working very slow
It is best for me to contact to our my friend all over the world
Great
Pls. Fix it .. if you activated or upgraded it .pls give me infoooo. So i wont be worried
Liked it
It works for my games it okay
Loved it even more.
Gd one
Atif
Plz enable direct downloading of photos.
Superb than any other app
App doesn't work, website doesn't work. Terrible, as long as you guys been around, you'd think it wouldn't suck this bad. 1 star is generous,  facebook sucks...period, Twitter works just fine, will stick with that. Never liked fb, too aggravating, and i see its only getting worse.
asdf
Itz a Must 4 Everyone,we're u can B u & make ur own page up,!!!!!!Thank U F.B. & Can  Contact ur Family & Friendz,Spiritual Side,or WatEva,Check It Out!!!!!!
19071983
Why should we keep 2 apps for a social app....bastards are forcing to download masangger app separately..... Why u people removed the chat option..... This way facebook is going in garbage bin......wake up .
Hukamsingh
4star
The best
36204610aa
I hate messenger...if ever this will not show a request to get application on my message inbox...
It was a great app before it forced us to download other terrible apps. You don't create a solid app and then break it apart into two when it worked fine as one. This business decision made this app a little more useless. It's just a newsfeed.
kk
Love it so much very nice
Lovely life look with Facebook
Good la sngt hahaha
Toooooo bad gtng slow
Nice app
I like it
Its just not my favorite app
I don't like how I'm forced to download fb messenger to pm people it's annoying and I don't like it.   Fb app itself is okay I guess.
This application is terrible, doesn't run on my phone anymore and it automatically got Uninstalled from my phone.
What the heck why would I have to download the messenger app just to chat? Very unhappy if I'm going to be forced to download an app I might as well go back to Myspace. Ha
Nonsense.....what a shame!!!! Facebook sucks with new update and the worst is forcing us for separate messenger.....bulshit
Love it!
Not work
Best site
I cant update it even if I have many space
Fishy
Thus new update not able to add comments, Post new event and many other things also...very bad...update...
You're losing money now what's that crap about having to get messager to message people and it need to see everything! Someone could be stalking us it was even on the news!!!
Got 'forced' into new app version - didn't want it after hearing complaints and DEFINITELY don't after using it. Its completely s***. Can't get anything recent on newsfeed, only the posts facebook wants you to see. If incould rate 0, I would. If I could roll back, I would. Would NOT recommend. Also the design is terrible. Previous version I had looked much better and was easier to use. Too many buttons now.
Not bad

The new update I hate coz I cannot watch properly some video..its better the old version
Neha
Very slow and worthless app ever.  Video can't play. Make some real updates on this app.
Changes needed to move it to SD card
thank
Nice
Will not respond most of the time and very annoying and I can't use the whole app sometimes. Needs to be fixed asap
Awesome
Binal tank
I love you
Install another app just to send messages.. Retain the most recent and message option. UI changes are welcome but removing the existing features is a bummer...
awesome
no
Crashes. Freezes.  Updates. too often
...com
I am using moto e with android KitKat 4.4.4.I wanted to move the app to SD card  but couldn't.
Keep up the good work
Best it Facebook but some boring be fine still Facebook forever our more pictures likes support
Good.... J.
So far so good...
Best Facebook app
Wouldn't open, sent 20 error reports in 4 hours.  Additionally FACEBOOK has NO reason to record audio or video whenever they choose, that my friends is a violation of privacy.
verry gd app i luv it
Doesn't work properly. ..
Very bad.
It takes a lot of tym to load pics videos.. n its not good for fast 3g or 4g networking
More intrusion! Can't read my messenges unless I download messenger. With the utmost intrusion demanded om my phone aka my life. Keep this up and for me facebook is history! You should be very ashamed. You dont need to access everything on my phone. Can't open likes & comments. I want the old version back. And don't be so intrusive! Why is it not possible to have a different language. I want my likes.. can't stand vind ik leuk ...
Samsung galaxy s3
Good
We are waisting of time,
Nice ysr
Wooow
Goooooddd....
This is terrible
Present update is worthless. Need to improve.
Nice aap
Akhil
Ashok Shrivas
Fb is a amazing
Either take the messenger icon out, or put the functionality back in
Cool in use
It's OK but need large memory to install it and this app is loaded very hard.
New flat look, looks cheap and tacky. Why move slide out menu from the functional left side to the stupidly positioned right side? Main feed is separate from switching to "most recent", another idiotic change. Overall app is garbage, should be an option to revert back. Facebook finally had my 5 stars with a very well put together app. Now you destroyed it yet again, what a piece of trash its become. Why the hell you remove the messenger functions! Not everybody wants to use the stupid standalone messenger.
I can'delete my useless photos on my magazine..I don't know what happend.Are the developer knows or see what we mean abouts?

Catch it's
Good
Best
this is good app but hangs sometime.
Hangs a lot and options are too less to use
Its really good
Or i will uninstall this app too. Nobody like to be forced
Not bad
Very God application

Super basic single feature it used to offer and now you have to install a new app and in return expects access to entire contents of phone. The only reason to have Facebook on your phone is to communicate with people, and some how you have to install 2 giant apps for facebook that think they deserve access to everything. Uninstalling both, just use their mobile website, if you must.
12345
No
Five star
No fixing it, fundamentally flawed by being myspace
Social media has kind of moved on from Facebook
Trailor service (gdm)
I like this appps bcz i cntct with frnds
Very slow
Excellent
Getting better
Ok
Its ight
super app get to gather all the freinds i loved it
Always have an update but the issues haven't resolve. How come? please fix it.
Trying to upload video. In notification says "Processing video". It has been 20 minutes. Don't like it. Uninstalled.
too slow. .
Nice update
Doesn't work after update
Plenty of fun
Love it,,,
very good
Awesome App
After the last update it became a total crap, pls fix it...
Samsung galaxy III
Superb
Nice
Very nice
It's a world's baddest app
vhenjhen

Older version was good and after updating iy became the worst of all time.. 5 star for old veraion
It was nice to have it for the once a month someone sends me an FB message, but I sure don't need a whole app for it. Why should the app lose a feature that the website has?
My.Love
Ever since it updated, facebook never loads and you cant see videos or pictures.
Best app
Since last update FB became very bad.... I hate it -_-
It's a wonderfull app
Bugs... speed.... news feed doesn't load... Needs to work hard
I loved it
Go to new world
Working
Very good!
Nice but very slowe
It is very bad
Good
FORCED CLOSING!
May 12 1971
Hmm ... it keeps me conect to my friendz
Great
gud
Love you!.
Its ok for me I guess!! I mean i dnt like it when we hve to use another app to read our messages though
MAKE THAT 1/2 STAR OR LESS. I SPEND MORE TIME TRYING TO LOAD AND THEN NOT GETN KICKD OFF. I'M CONSIDERING GOOGLE+. I'M SO FRUSTRATED. TODAY IS MY BDAY AND I CAN'T CK MY FB PAGE,!!!!!!!
Bahut badia...
Nice
Awosme.......!!!!
.....
Good. Tamiepess.¨¤aaaaaaaaaaa¨¤aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaopopioooopoooooopppop
So important
Its cheap I didn't get d confirmation code n when I asked 2 resent it..then they said that d msg will cm in 5 min bt I waited fr 15 2 20 mins n my account ws nt opening..I hv 2 dwnld it again
Good
Its name is fast but its dead slow    :(
Good
loved it
It takes up to much room on my phone
Just awesome
Facebook
Slow
I love this application mazidkhan
I refuse to have 2 separate facebook apps. I have uninstalled and downloaded the previous version and stopped auto updates. FU Facebook. You can download the old facebook app at this address. http://facebook.en.uptodown.com/android/download/73629
Pics just doesn't load!! What the hell are you doing with this app
Musa
My "About", on my profile switch to the "Activitie log". Dnt know how to change it back... I like The FACEBOOK..
Very nice Hi
Cool.
Thank you
Kk
What is this you are trying to do with links? Sucks big time. Let them redirect directly to the browser as usual. Too much cosmetics
It is most powerful media  between us to get new ones
:-*
Nice
************
Last update ruined what was beginning to be a good app! 4 stars down to 1. Come on Facebook fix it now please.            Video will not play!
It's not very good
Removing message facility is so rubbish they have to install messenger. User who don't have much ram or storage they can go to hell.
Fine
Won't load pictures, started acting up when I installed messenger, deleted messenger and still won't work. Need to leave well enough alone, if it's not broke DONT fix it
Wat the hell happend I dont have any notifications and I cant play any videos
I've wrote several complaints about my videos not being able to play on my phone, and it seems to just be my account! Three updates later and still hasn't been fixed...what a joke.
Too much slow this app now ....
I love to communication
Hari bol
0002
Nice
I love it
like it
its a nice app.....im not having any issues with it
It was very useful to chat and to send pictures or videos
Excellent Social Application
Never loads up when required takes forever sometimes or just doesn't load fb is getting too big for its boots and doesn't seem to bother about the user anymore
1735
As of a day ago, I can no longer watch videos. And, please make "most recent" the default with the next update.
Nice!
Sucks!
Wont let me fully get on cents i updated
Ok
The update is horrible now you need a  separate app that can record you just to message people. Better off using the browser
Not a bad app
Greaj apps
Disappointed
Okay
When I downloaded the messenger because its required its okay and I like the new ver of fb but somehow it make my phone abnormal tho. Its restarting by itself and I dont know why. Then I try to uninstall this and observe if it will restart but not. I guess this is where the problem comes from. It make me worried that I thought my phone is in not a good condition. Please let me know if some users are experiencing this too. Thanks.
I like it because i can call my baby sister
I like it..
Terima Kasih
I liked this app
It is totally crap! One year ago it was a fast, lightweight app, but now it's a big sh1t. My phone is the same, only the program changed.
No comment
A best way of communication
Nise
Bad I didn't like the new update fix it please
Very nice
Why is it forcing me to download messenger
For the facebook messenger and for all the permissions that it requires.
It is nice to use...can't Download videos from it...
It doesn't work. Much better the web version. Very reliable. Need to uninstall it. Good luck to you guys.
Yeah..!!!!
A great way of keeping in touch and up to date with news and friends.
I can't delete message from the chat. It just won't let me. WTF?
When I try to upload a new profile pic, no photos load.
I m mad
best ever
Nice app

The older version is really a great things for people around d world. But what happen now it was uninstalled without knowing it and the latest version i can't download it. I have to use google chrome to open my facebook account on my phone. I want the previous version it is much better
Super nalla app
Good
Good
Good apps
Sid
Yu
Bagus
I love this Facebook
Very good
Love to chat awsome app really it is the best
So awsome
Good
Worst app old version was better it says login failed
You should have an option to see top comments of the post
Was ok till no messages in app
Devs please.. Fix your video player, its really irritating, cant even finish a single video. "Cannot play this video" always pops up after a few seconds.
Great stuff!
It is food
Keeps crashing vids not playing slow clunky  stop changing it and why does it need so much permissions
I don't want to see top stories when I open the app, I want to see most recent without having to scroll to another tab.
This is amazing app
Most annoying thing I have found is there being no option to read the 1st comment in a thread. Having to scroll back, in some cases, several hundred comments make reading the most interesting discussions impossible. I say impossible as if you get half way and hit the wrong part of your phone you end up loosing your place and have to start again. Either that or it just freezes up and won't load.
Normal
Its fun but sometimes its become boring
Fix it!
Always Facebook not responding..:(
Iloveit
Messaging feature should not be removed... Not able to view or send facebook messages.. I use the messaging feature less.,so i m not installing the facebook messanger this doesnt mean that i wont be allowed to read messages which are sent to me..
V good
Thanks
Like & share life's best moment's...
I realy hate it,when upgrade it become worse
Cool
yay!
It not installing it is very bad.
It's smooth on my phone.
Nice
Foodle
Yes
communication
Love it!
I loved it
Nice app

Its good and more faster then in browser
Cool
VERE GOOD facebook
Nyc app
Samsung
Hi is nais
After the last update I'm always getting errors while playing facebook videos. It also drains a lot of battery after the last update.
Yeah
Best
Wont let me open my albums and shows old stories even after refreshing - frustrated!
Would be 5 stars if the like section was better instead of just seeing the same ones all the time, hint I haven't liked them pages & I'm not going to so give me some different choices. Also it seems like post from other pages that I have liked don't appear on my news feed anymore just a bunch of product placements & worthless suggestions.
Cenggini
Excellent
Very helpful
Excellent
Gopal
Great one
good
Can't watch the video... n it will not show all the notification n very very slow
Updated and started to instantly crash.
Wont install.i tried installing it a lot of times but it wont still insyall..i tried installing it for ovet a week..still now
Being forced to use the messenger app to read my messages? Time to uninstall.
face book
Requiring users to install the messanger is a sucks. This could not help the user instead u gave a burden. Not all needs the app, often times a simple fb like the previous one is better coz it's simple & it should be optional not mandatory. Forcing to install it is the worst thing happened here in fb.
Have to develop more
Good
Its an Average one
I am a beautiful person
Very good thx
Fun
It keeps me in touch with friends and family.
it's good...... thanks facebook
Make it more faster
Facebook
Soo good application hd video photos up loading
nice 1
After the new update, it crashes after some seconds.
Mine its an older Galaxy S its very slow n slowing down my phone please make some changes for sake of smaller phones :(
870453590v
Old
the besr appp ever in history
(Y)
Nich apps
Its a good one
Faster and better than previous version. But slow update and uploading.
Thanks
Its slow make it faster.
Very good
O s
Nice
Love face book
Cool
Gud
Good
Vijay
Lovely
Samela
That the 2 time I been haked I am sick and tired beening haked I  think that need coase down facebook I am sorry I fill that way
Cant upload photos
This is the easiet way of communicating
Cant watch videos n fb keeps crashing
Crashes every 5 minutes now. What have you done?
Deepak
Fggvddnj
Facebook is going from good to worst. Why do we need to install mesenger when there is a chat box in the app huh?   Worst update ever!!!!!
Facebook
Great
Super
Good
Thangive me new version
Has an issue uploading photos!! Fix please!!!! -Samsung Galaxy S4
Yyyyeeeehhhh
Excellent app
Won't play videos anymore.what a load of Crap.
nice app
Bich
It consume lots of my memory storage.. it used to be at 24 mb now it is at 100+ mb.. pls fix this..
Speed

I like it alot
rajump90@gmail.coom
Newest update doesn't let me watch videos! That's frustrating.
Its okay
I'd recommend it to others but it takes time to download luck
FACEBOOK
Rishtey
Awesome
Arthi
Nice
Dibyajyoti
Why do these developers always update but the older ones are far better functioning than the updated one! Stupid developers!
it a good communicstion
What the hell is wrong with this??? Change news feed to most recent and end up with stories from all over the past few days. Has some from 10 minutes ago then jumps to the previous days status updates. Also my ABOUT tab has gone from my profile page...noticed this on a few peoples pages. Not changed any settings so dont understand what has happened here...needs a decent update to sort all this crap out!!
Mnr
Nice chating w moi frends
Devices running on 512MB RAM can't handle this RAM EATER MONSTER
Why can't I have no longer the possibility to read my personal messages into the app? Why?! You forced me to install another useless app. Please, restore it as soon as possible.
Yeah it was alright!"
Its good
Won't load ,
I love it is working good
Thik ee Aa
Removed messenger from mobile app, and required a second app with more invasive requirements to run - as if this app isn't invasive enough.
Good
,
No good i m m.r baldev chauhan Your fiernd
Good apps
K
New update forces us to use a messenger app which doesnt work. Thus, but this and the other app are no longer of any use.
Yadav
Bakwas
I can't log in
Nice app
Great log in
harus download lagi facebook messenger. bah
Too slow. Pictures takes too long to load.
Mohd aasif
Wtf
monirhaq
Hate the new update
Best app for connectivity
Definitely not up to mark
Video clips open too slowly.
Deva
Ok its good
A family reunion
Preeti821
Good
Bad
Love it
Very convenience
Really awesome apps like so much...............!!!
Nakakainis. Ang Tagal Idownload :v
Aanchal nagpal
Nice app
Loved it
It's very cool and great
Installing a messenger app shouldn't matter
Stupid app i have ever used in my phone.... why u people are not wrkng on dis crash and lagging...???
i can't send friend request to any body.
!!!!
How the heck am i supposed to find anyone I actually know personally on this app if I can't narrow my searches? Please fix. Common sense.
Love it !!! :)
CHEAP..!! Forcing to install its massanger..
Now the Facebook massanger is not good. We are do not usage it relax ly
Dhiraj Saraf
Greatest social network.
Still waiting on text message to activat
this app cannot download in my glaxy s 5 need improvement
Nice app
Kosim
Fb on go
Masssssssstttttttttt hai boooossss
thank
Awesome appppppsss
WTF !! What the hell is wrong with you guyz : FB team ..using it on my S3  it works cool though but only issue is of it's size .. I mean come on .. it almost gone on to 100 MB .. fix it and take your 5 ¡ï¡ï¡ï¡ï¡ï but now I'm giving you only 1 ¡î ..
Bolehlah
Verma
I'm uninstalling, Facebook wants too much access to my phone for a casual user.  Oh, wait I can only uninstall updates.
I like my facebook
Good app
Facebook
Del
Videos are not getting played
Why cant i upload any videos? Whats going on please fix! Once its fixed i will change my rate to 5 stars.
IVE BEEN GOING ON IT AND TAKES 10hrs just to load not literally BUT STILL
I liked
Nice apps
I Love Facebook,i use this app everyday for socializing(of course).But after the lastest update..my facebook won't open at all..everytime i open facebook..it's just black screen and make my phone restarting itself and laggy and error everytime..i thought my phone was causing this..but when i try uninstall FB.my phone is never lag and crash all apps work perfectly and never crash..but i want facebook back to normal..please fix it...i love facebook
We want video download and we want to play video with our own video player
The new update of this app was v gud and faster to use
Excellent
Group chat is not possible in tab as in a lappy or computer. Except this, everything is perfectly alright!!!!
Videos wont play.
Good
Love
Fb sucks
Still needs to improvw..
Very nice
Can't message friends unless I get the messenger app , please fix asap
ali
My Thoughts
Can't watch videos
Love it
Because it is so easy to use
From the last 2 updates is so freaking slow and crashi on sensation xe.
Videos not playing
very shameful app ridiculous.ohhhhhhhhh
Nice
Okok
Forced me to install unwanted apps
The TURN OFF NOTIFICATIONS option was finally made available for the mobile app, however it's often not available for some comments or it just doesn't work when you select to turn it off and you check again and it's still on. Keep working on it!
Its very useless. It doesn't show any notifications or pop ups and no sound for any message request, notification
Very good app
Good
Way too big, needs to be less meg
Facebook is a very good social network
nice
Guud
Great way to keep up with social events and family
Becoming the worst every update. .cannot even scroll down for too long..always shutting down
Nivedita Ghoshhazra
Check this out!
i like this app
150mb zauzima
So prefeck
excelent
Super great app!
good
Social net site for life...
I am using the old version that works properly and notifies me of MOST RECENT events. Stop telling me to update to the new version that everyone is complaining about!
its dumb asf its stupid how we have to download messanger
Ever since I updated, some posts will show the number of comments but not the actual comments... this is better how?
Ok
afzal ali
It is constantly freezing on me. Really makes me want to delete it.
Luv it sooo much... In this therz no prob of netwrk n super cool app ^_^
They still wont let you change the news feed
I like this fb app
Videos don't work at all. So annoying. It takes forever to load too. And the messanger app is an invasion of my privacy. Worst. Update. Ever.
Very good performance. .
Video is not play
....
I can't like anything. Won't play videos unless connected to wifi.
Is automatic close ..
Excellent
Facebook
pankagSingha
Social media
Its good
I love Facebook
Nice one
But if I type something long it doesn't save on the app but will save on the net
Can't copy n paste, pics dnt upload all the time...slow..keeps scrolling bk up when I'm tryn go thru my friends post n pics ..really aggravating app n I've had it awhile n it hasn't approved much at all..I will add one star for upgrading lil on wat i said.... Still lots issues...
Like ir
Yea I like it but y so slow
Cant play videos on my 3g network i mean its very slow..takes too much tym
To slow loading image.
Mx
Good! , takes a good part of phone memory
Nice app
is soooooo bad
Y
Facebook
opan
Cannot upload photo in wifi or data
Nice
Improve facebook application to bring it upto the mark with messenger. You will loose user by forcing new 2 application for one platform.
Oo
I like it
Faltu...
New
It's Facebook... What else can I say.
Best app for operating facebook
I HAVE TO DOWNLOAD MSNGER AND I HEARD LIKE THAT TALKING CAT GAME IT HAS A STALKER LOOKING AT OUR MESSAGES LIKE WTF UPDATE IT NOW I DONT WANT SOME STALKER LOOKING AT MY STUFF WHO EVERS WITH ME RATE LIKE THIS -.-
Fb is my no.1 app for me...tnx
I love it
Dream to achive more
Good going on
timepass apps
Gd app
Nice
The best
Thanks
Hated it
It's a cool app to stay busy ...I LOVE it
Love it
Good 4 my phne...
It is a start
Nice app.
Good
Fb is supper social network it is useful student contect and grouth our relationship
Convenient app though it s slow..
25434
¡ï¡ï¡ï¡ï¡ï¡ï¡ï¡ï¡ï¡ï¡ï¡ï¡ï¡ï¡ï¡ï¡ï¡ï¡ï¡ï¡ï¡ï¡ï¡ï¡ï¡ï¡ï¡ï¡ï¡ï¡ï¡ï
Nice
Wouldn't even turn on keeps frozen seriously it's so annoying Ugh!
but before version is very good I need before version
Shree
Software ok
Super
Now a days fb has becme the source of adveristments!! that does'nt seems to be right. You should let the users use the facebook without any advertisements.  Thanks!!!!!!
You force us to choose to crop our photos to fit your profile picture size... And I'm sick of all these updates. Let us choose which updates we want and give us an option to uninstall it if we don't like it.... Fix this
Nice
Wonderful app
Socially
Fast and ready
I can't check my messages without downloading the messenger I don't like that.
Ok
Great
It always loooggg!!! 
Pics are not visible and i cant update fb on my sonyericsson xperia pro. Insufficient memory with only 4.apps. It was all okay before. Now fb on my cell is just useless.
It is a little slow.
Very very gud
Nice
This version sucks
The best
Facebook
It will not let me play videos. It is too too slow. I hated it.
What on earth is wrong with you guys, the latest update sucks, it sucks a big fuckin fat d###ks. Cant open app..... freezez, crashes my phone constantly. Fix this.
The new version has added a few more that I don't wish Facebook to have.
Pari vejani
Last few months facebook app is much better than right now. And it loads slower at the same time.
Ui is worse
nice
Noinstall
Oh
Thanks
This application is much slower than the earlier one.
Is aightt sometimes
Loving it
Never gives any problems!
Vx
It goes through your phone call log and just everything can record audio and video at any moment.

The comment keep looping and when i try to view more, it just keeps showing the same thing over and over. Please fix!
Nice apps
Wheiln i try to sign in in for syncing...My keyboard wont appear.I feel dissapointed to this app
Great application tanks Facebook
Nice
It work good
Might delete if this apps hunger fr food doesn't stop
I can't even login
Clean stroke.
Hi
If you want to remove messeging from the app its fine just stop showing I have n message if I cant open it, and the app is to big so I dont want to install another big app that just takes upspace. Not liking this.
Good
I realy realy love face book i can chat with my freinds
Yeah!!!

I love diz app
15.0.0.17.16 can't play videos...Please fix
T
I loved it
Some time I am using this applacation
I don't like being told I have to use messenger or not be able to message. It's been posted that it's a virus. Why would you want it
Nice app
Good
Geez this is getting worse...
Its awesome for me
Facebook
Wont let me download the app please fix or help
very good
App runs smooth. Has gotten better with updates
Sweet girl
even worth a signal star .....
My world
Boo
Online
so
Videos don't play
Ceva123
=-O
Bad
Don't like new Facebook app..and I can't go back to my old Facebook.can't watch videos and has no sound..when r u gonna fix this problem.I l uninstalled my fb page...hate it
Sucks more and more with every release zuckerberg is a fucktard.
Facebook
What a?!
Can't watch video. Wtf fb
Great Great
New update sucks and can't uninstall it. This is bullshit!
You don't receive the most recent updates, even when you say that's what you want to see on your news feed. I hate this!
Could be much better
Great stuff from older versions
Videos can't be played after updating. Thought its the video problem but it can be played on internet browser. Please fix
Good and undeniable
This is soo ganda
Great satisfaction
like
So poor and very slow. I need more efficient and faster!
HATE that I had to download messenger just to be able to check my messages. Facebook app takes up enough memory as it is and now I have to download a whole separate app just for messaging.
Facebook
Galaxy note 3
..it's FASTER
Keep It Simple Stupid!!!  One app NOT two!!! All these updates and no real benefit! My phone started to slow way down and now you want me to download another app just to send messages!?!? GTFOH!!!! Removed it from my phone and doubt I'll ever download it again!!!!
Can't play videos says unknown error. Fix and will give five star rating.
Hahaha
I cant upload video from facebook..plizz fix that problem..
u  must try this  app ...
With this new update i can't play my video wish had become and issue please fix soon no fun
I dont have a clue why can someone give me a solution plz?
Awesome
It kicks me off and i don't have privacy no more :/
Meah
lo abro y me muestra estupideces de hace una semana y x mas que lo quise poner al momento no se pudo......en pocas palabras......es una mierda de aplicacion ...
Interesting change
This app affects performance of tour device. The Dev's took a shortcut because their app is too bloated to work within android.
Face book is good thinking
Umesh.m

B.S.  They don't have a separate website for messages online, why force it on the apps for phones?  More access into our personal lives?  More targeted marketing?  I use it to stay in touch with family but that's all, I can't wait until it dies like MySpace and there is a better alternative.
It's so good apps so simple is very good i like it
1month i cant open my facebook  account
Gimana cara nge save video !!!!!!
Ok
Birthday shotout to my man49bday 2morrow. tee may u have a bless wonderful bday I luv u an wish u many more bless bdays 2come amen luv u. yo best half.Brenda.no the heavenly father is yo best half I'm yo other half  amen luv no happy bday.

Amir Hossain
Loved the update!!!!
Its cool frfr
Good job
My phone
Very nice
Sux sux sux sux
Why can I not just use my own browser? Who thought it was a good idea to make us go through yours to get to ours? Very poor
Its good to me because that the way i talk to my all new frnds and old frnds
If you push Messenger on me,  I will uninstall Facebook. The end.
Takes up to much GB
White boy
Pengisi waktu luang yang bijak
Love it!
Why does this app need updated every other day and it never gets better just worse??
Sofiqulislam sobug
Freezes a lot
Can't play videos anymore since the update
i love it
Its very innovative!
Can't play videos!
U don't need access to all of my phone...u want it very bad privacy
It won't show but about 2% of the pictures on my news feed, page, messages & notifications. Goes very slow as well. It sucks!
Facebook
Dont force me to download the messenger app for pm's. Amf
I'm happy with the Facebook app but wtf is up with HAVING to have that messenger app! It's not like checking my messages on the fb app is inconveniencing for the creator's, nothing had to be changed... If it ain't broke, don't change it! T' and C's apparently claim they can control your device like camera and who knows what else!? Hope FB isn't turning into a "narking app" in leagues with the bacon patrol! FTP if so!!!
It is awful. Too slow. Have updated there times since yesterday and while in use keeps on freezing, too slow, doesn't update well. Very disappointing.
" Very very old version " Mobile Hanged "
It works good,but why are you guys forcing us facebook users to dwnload the messenger??!!! Can't we just see our messeges and reply to it on the way we want to do it..???!!!!! Pls. Fix this....
But fire this person please this update makes me hate Facebook, this bits no play video's
Keeping friends and family together
It's good
Hiii
Better than all others
Really annoying that there's a new update every other day.
Awesome
I love it
I thought my name was ghetto lol
If I could give zero stars I would.can't talk to any friends without new messenger.sucks soi deleted Facebook.  I go try another docial network
Wont even install
U should get this app
4 star for a older version.. In newer version i can't even save images from Facebook app...!
Why I can not see the video?
I use this app at work, and when I want to show the pics of my products their quality is horrible. I don't care about the speed, but plz fix picture quality!!!
Love it
Very good
New layout not user friendly. Forcing me to download messenger to continue messages except it still sends notifications through facebook app, cant reply without downloading new app. Deleting.
since the last update i wasnt able to play any video at all. i believe this will be fixed fast.
FACEBOOK LOCKED MY ACCOUNT TO VERIFY INFORMATION. I CANT LOG IN WITHOUT DOING IT SO NO.
Sucks
i could conect with my friend anytime... (with free call)
Love it.....
Can't upload videos
Optimisation
Maybe if you guys would fix it so it doesn't say not responding every time I try to open it I will give you more stars.
I love fb but now the we are forced to use messenger is total crap! Fb is going to lose a lot of people over this forced app. Shame on you face book!
Why would you make this stupid video player . Nobody complained about the old one also the messages isn't working now
Cnect the frnd  & its a good app to share our personal experience
Its amazing
Its average
Laggy at times, videos don't play, hate that I have to use messenger for all messages.
Realy good
installed update yesterday can use for not even a minute and freezes what ever you've done again how bout undoing it. crap
Its okay..except the interruption. When u are messeging. The facebook messenger automatically comes!
I lv it
Nice one
Cool app, works great, but kinda show.
best app fast wivyu
Ashwani kushwaha @
I kinda like it but there's a few problems with the videos. I can't upload any of my videos and Every time I try to, it keeps saying abusive or disallowed. I seen so many other nasty/weird things on Facebook and its still on there. My videos are me break dancing. And guess what ? It won't upload.
Why does this app require access to my address book,  sms, call history, etc?
Facebook app sends blank notifcations and it wont recieve photos at times.
Blem Blem Prants
I cant download this application
They've done it again!  Most recent isn't loading properly. I get the stories that are less than an hour old and then it jumps back to the stories of my last log in.
Y do I have to have messenger it sucks and messages don't even sent >:-( and it doesn't let me log in :(
:-)
I'm on a Droid X2 and it glitches from time to time. Facebook forces close a lot. At times I can't type or post. Please fix!                            *UPDATE* NOTHING works properly with this app anymore! I have to literally attempt to open the app 5-6 times before I can actually see my feed! Then, half way through scrolling, it just forces close!  Facebook, This is ridiculous! Its been well over a month and still no fix!! If its not fixed soon, I will uninstall!!
its brilliant
Soooooooooooooooo baaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaad -_- Not worth one star
The app is very slow to update the news feed. And now I have to make space to download another app to use this one!?!?
Crashes and freezes all day on my Asus HD 7, please fix...
Nice app
F Facebook
It should stay up and don't log off
Wont let videos play always getting. stuck
Invasive of privacy and messenger requires separate, privacy intruding, app.
As long as it's free&you don't want to draw over SDcard.
Can't view the pictures! Everything is fine but 98% of the pictures won't load! I'm using Alcatel One touch Idol X
I like it but sometimes it takes for ever to load
Nice
It is too slow, even over WiFi. And it only shows top news and it won't show most recent posts
Good app
Too slow and takes lots of the device's cp
Last time it does not work now   may be i.do not know
Why can't I have the option to see my news feed by the newest post? I don't want to read about a few days ago okay. So please give that option and I will definitely give a higher rating. Thank you Facebook
Keep crashing
Tiresome with change after change and original app isn't perfected or good and now you need 2 apps lol. Now it says I may not read messages to download another app to do so!
Great until the videos now no longer work after update.
Awirahko
I can't see nor watch videos with this update
My messages work fine without the messenger app. Why should I use the app? Plz fix it. The rating will get 5 stars til then no.
Ok
Simply good app
It is a bit different but i like it, wish i had the time to follow more.
Can't view videos plz fix it
Can we get clearer than a white page with a spining ball?
ita facebook ...but on a phone loll
Too large app its about 90 MB on my device storage which is 420 MB and whenever there is a new update it always telling me that there is not enough space , fix that. News feeds - make Most recent to default its annoying to see posts from last week .. From 5 stars to 4 and keep falling down .. :)
Smooth on nexus 5 but terribly slow on older devices (SGS1).
Doesn't play videos any more for the past 2 versions. Fails to load or is slow to load images & pages most of the time.
Can't watch videos... Always crashes halfway
All the inbetween things.fun funny happy.
Good
Why does this app requires diff. Chat app?./.
Good app
Its a great way to communicate with your friends and family members and their families.
Cant watch videos
Why does this app need access to my phone? I don't want fb pestering my contacts. And what's this bull about needing another app for messaging? You're not making it better for anyone.
Ok
With this new update i cant watch videos
Love this app, able 2/keep n touch with family across the diffrnt cities.
Video play for a few seconds then stop throwin me back to news feed. Fix it
Can't copy paste! Can't play the videos! Everytime i scroll down gonna back on top! Yeah its free but useless!
Good ajah
Love it
Lastest version cant play video.
After the last update I can't receive notification tone and can't see the "Close Friend" activities. Please fix!!!!!!!!!!
I want to upload pic and tag someone without it crashing! How is it that difficult? Terrible!
If a refreshing error persists, TRY:  uninstall,  reboot phone, re-install. This always seems to fix my FB issues.
I'm giving 1 star for the new version. Before updating the old app was quite good & fast also. But now it has become irritating. News feed, msgs, notification is not updating. What about the messenger app? How can u force someone to install another app just for msging? Fix these problems as soon as possible.
We can write something what we feel and we know what our friend do.
To much. Fun
Too baddddd...
Santhu using this fb  very superb excellent
Not updating . Pictures and videos extremely slow to load. Accessing regular web page works fine but mobile over 4g is crap app.
;)
This app is great and i can communicate with everyone.   ;-)
The Facebook app for android is garbage and even more now that I can't message
Great
Very nice. ......good
Why would you force the messenger on people?? And why can't I see the most recent newsfeed? I've clicked it multiple times under the settings and still keep getting news from days ago. Really?! Thank god it's a free app because who would want to pay money for this crap?
This is the worst updste spp ever i cant see any of my post here or sny vidios or pictures here wtf do i have to use messnger for its the worst peice of crap u ever had as an app and to force  me to us it is taking my priviticy away i hate it shame on u
Thanks I can play again! I LOVE you Alllllll!#classiclyemily
not that bad
It was WAY better when it didn't tell me to install Messenger.
Senang kali
Social networking
always not responding
Click on the app and doesnt even load in, just stays on a grey screen
Why do you need to read our messages etc!!! Big brother you are not!!!
Cool...
Please fix I keep getting a box that says error unable to play when im using my phones data
Joz gandoz
Great social network
Cool
Every since these updates i can no longer play videos.
Doesn't open, and when it does it either is slow or crashes after a couple minutes. I will use the mobile version since i don't need messenger for that.
Too fuken slow
Love it
Iloveit
To apps
The app crashed so much I was really getting tired of it but just now the app crashed so bad it made my phone crash I am uninstalling as of RIGHT NOW!
Yah whats up with videos not workin out good need to do better.
Facebook shouldn't need access to everything on your phone to operate
I find the App very easy to get around.
Facebook takes up a lot on my phone now the messenger app is the tipping point.  Too much goodbye fb
I've had nothing but problems with this app for 2.5 yrs. For some reason y'all keep increaseing the MB.that just makes worse.
Like
For some reason nothing is working right all of a sudden.  Pictures,  videos not working.  Slow. Profile pictures won't show for anyone.   Fix it please fast.
What's going on with the app? Uploading 1 single pic takes forever. Its not internet coz its running fast.
Excellence app
I just try it no so i cannot say anything it now
Plzz repair its not working... After installing it sayin some problem happend plzz re-install.. plzz repair i need this app..
Koley
I don't LIKE/ want the messenger it should be optional not mandatory
We all enjoy Facebook but this app gives to much private information..like cell phone numbers..to all the people on your friends list..and we know everybody on our FB aren't our friends like that...tmi fb
Great
Social network at its best.
Just what was needed, another update.  Now nothing is sorted by date and time again.  Now the app won't load anything.  Thanks Facebook for screwing things up yet again.
Upon start up it asks me for contacts and i say no but the message reappears every time. Also says no connection even though i do. Cmon facebook you are a multi-billion dollar site you should do better
Very smooth to use.
Facebook
Cant even play videos
V good
The app no longer displays messages and doesn't provide an option to open messages on the website.
After the new update this app will not load or refresh whatsoever.
I love it!
Love this app.keeps friends and family members close that live so far away.
Chandanbauri 1981@gmail.c
Still don't like it keeps saying it NEEDS access to ALL my info...
Messenger doesn't work..if I wanted instant messenger I would download it da first time..correct yoself b4 u wreck yoself..I would give u a zero if I had da option
This is samething to get on and have fun and if you is a. Men looking  a women then Facebook is it
This update sucks
Very frustrating u force us to get messenger then u do an update that now videos won't load.
I refuse to use a separate app for messaging. Way to drop the ball, FB. What was originally a garbage app is now a fermented turd.
Download he ni hora
Good Thanks For sharing this with a few days ago
Your app sucks wont download. Deleted all apps and still  wont down load.  I give u 0starz
Great
It freezes my phone way to much!!
Can't reinstalled facebook on android...
It have a messenger to dhat with your friends
I need another app to msg someone how ridiridiculous<~yes that word..   That is pushing it & it's still slow even when I'm pulling >14Mb what is the dang problem(Aug2014) ------ It states "faster than ever.." um no-its not meh SG3 cranked up to 2106mhz (thx KT)  Also are you trying to make the largest app? The .apk doesn't seem like it should be ~19mb(May2013)
Videos now don't play at all and before I could either only get sound or only watch the video. Please fix and I will update rate
Needs some changes
After the last update I'm always getting errors while playing facebook videos.
Use the main site, or Google +. Fed up with the auto refresh losing my place in news feeds, and the frustrating scrolling to recover my feed. Not going to use Messenger, which is intrusive and resource hungry. Not going to accept the new privacy intrusions from FB. It's all about ads ads ads now. Greedy FB, greedy. I'm deleting this app. It's been slated since the last update, never getting more than 1*
Liv
Selalu
everything you go into and makes the phone go blacK.....
Okay
I love it.
Billy Brosset
Can't watch. Videos
I update my phone and app Facebook automatically erased and now I can't install it says ''incompatible update'' enybody can help me :-)
Awesime
it starts to crash and crash what will i do pls. help me........
And forces you to another app.
Runs like a charm on Note 10.1. Slow on my older devices. Edit: I've updated my device. The app is fine but i don't like being required to download Messenger to talk to my friends.  I don't live on Facebook and don't want it logged in when I'm not using it. Messenger doesn't have a log off.
Like
Video always not working. And if it work it stopped in best scene. Fix it
I dont like this one
Cool. One star. I shouldn't have to use messenger app. Facebook app worked just fine for msging. Is there a setting I can disable or enable to use Facebook app to msg. people, like I used to?
They wanna know to much.
Best
I can not sign in ok
No longer works.
Update sucks and refuse to get messenger to view msgs!!
Uses too much data and uses too much memory. It also has been crashing and going down a lot lately.
Sucks can't watch videos now how bout fixing that sometime soon with the multiple updates
So love this.  :)
Background runs killing data when you r not actually using app
Cant watch videos at all.
Will Not Play Videos , Everything Will Not Work Properly . Yall Needa Fix This ASAP Please And Thank Youu . Byee Byee .
Can't watch videos..  It sends an error message when they play saying "an error ocurred" PLEASE FIX!!!!
Easy to manage
Nice
k
Hey you may want to think of instagram now.  You have to install 2 apps just to use Facebook now and both eat up your battery.  Oh and you have no choice if you want to use this as a SOCIAL app
My app keeps kicking me out.. So not sassy.
Its great to keep in touch with friends and family
Cool...
Ok
I love my coun0try ithophia
I don't appreciate having to download a app that can see through my camera , shut down my service , call people, send texts just to see my Facebook messages this app is call Messenger as your aware. fix it please
Goood
Professional ticket monitoring service.
Can't watch any videos what is up facebook with the videos you can't even answer anyone
It hangs a lot and scrolling thru newsfeed u can notice an obvious lag... It eats also more RAM
And also many features missing
Videos won't play no more
This is the worst it moving slow cant get messages videos sticking you cant watch nothing all the way dont even bother people
Facebook takes more than 150mb of space in internal storage. Please try to reduce this.
Facebook everything
Videos Don't Work, Pictures dont load, app freezes.
Everything ok expect I can't text my friends and it keep saying network error when my network is working
503. 960 90. 27
This apli.. Is great
Nice
It's a fish when become laggy on photos loading!!!
a great way to keep in touch with family n friends
by zenebe zebelo
Excellent...
The text in the app is too small to read comfortably on a tablet. The lack of options to control type size and the app ignoring system wide type settings is baffling. I'm not even an old person!
Lailacrawford
Take vry much space n its not installing yet in a high space and wifi
Getting better with updates, loads faster, cleaner looking, not bad altogether
Ever since the update can't watch any videos.
Updated app and now nothing is working won't load at all please fix this
APP SAYS ERROR AND WONT LOAD UP JUST SHUTS DOWN
Htc
Nanay mo magaling sa facebook
I just hate the fact the messages are not on the app I dont like having   2 seperate apps I might delete
This app is really good it is an easier way to get to it than any other thing Facebook can be easier and transportable
Good but needs better updates
Does the job.
Gustavo G¨®mez
What a fail for the money hungry developers
Downright creepy!
191
Data hog and I dont even use. This and fscebook messenger are murderous to your phone. I am uninstalling both apps asap. Ill stick to emails and web version
Nce
Yo make me smile
Its okay...
Always shuts down... also WHYY do you force me to have an app that lags my device? LAME
Cannot view videos
It is the best way to get a hold of friends
IT'S ALL GOOOOOD!!!!!!!!
Good some nicks and nacks...the having to download messager soon is bull crap
New update just closes randomly.if use an external link or jst navigating thru the app.
But needs improvement
It good
Very fast
Freezes sometimes and won't open and it really annoys me
So far facebook has bee a huge help for me and i get to comunicate with families and riends
Fix my messenger. Im not downloading some bullshit app to do what this app already did well. Fix my timeline too as well videos playing automatically.
Thanxs slot really enjoying it...:)
Videos are not working
Totally stocked bout downloading this new ap
I like this app
Very good
crashes
The application really is a piece of trash that is more of an insult to Facebook!! I hate this update because it gives me the most ancient news feed ever!! That is if works at all since it freezes after every two seconds!!! Please don't download if you know what is good for you!!! Its getting worse by the minute!!!
you are forcing the users to use the messanger?  just a garbage

Can't use inbox at all on my phone. Always says waiting for network. And does nothing.
Its ok not to good
push icon to view notifications and when I click to view one it brings it up to read but then I push the notification icon again to read rest and nothing happens. press back button and it just brings my app to top stories feed. press notification icon and it just brings up the last notif. I was reading. please fix - Galaxy S4 active
Slow, unreliable and ineffective. Tells me there's a friend's birthday, but won't show me in the app.
Cant play videos on lg g2.
Much better!
Where r the messages, forcing me to download another useless RAM eating app just to send a couple of messages..
Good as u think
I think fb is great...
Just to give a five star
Of course it is awesome and cool etc
Sometimes it takes to long to load.. 5 stars if you fix it

Awsome
Cant pull up my about or anyone elses wth is up fix this app its stinks
Messenger must be optional.  I Hate that apps and dude try to listen to all user¡­  we dont like your mensenger¡­ 2nd thing,  like ang send in one button in msg is a very bad idea...
This app is great but its too slow
Hrad ahh
Life at large
G+ puts more on the screen and doesn't have any noticeable slowdown to it. Facebook makes my phone feel like an old 90s pc running Windows me. Get with the program you hacks.
Better
Videos stoped playing
I don't loke most people on my FB
Slow. Slow. Slow
Nice
Perfect
Fun
Its okay. Could be better. needs more speed. But other than that, its fine..
Don't download
So far I'm happy with this app. All updates and improvements were successful.  Brill
Best social media apps
Like it a lot.
Love it!
My "most recent" news feed goes from 34 minutes ago then jumps to 8 hrs ago. Where's the in between?
Videos not working
Need a Big Update!!! Can't play Video... Need Optimization for Android 4.3 JB...
Its nice to search for what is around the area your currently at
I find friends who I haven't contacted for years using fb.
*
Good
Not popular again
Pretty Good.
Its way too slow ...
Messenger is broken off you don't install the app
It sucks it freezes too much
Why will fb take messenger from fb app & make you download messenger all this upgrades sucks. I don't want another app on my phone. This was a bad idea. Well I give 1 star because I can't give 0. Put messages back on fb app..
Constant freezing and skipping. Running on a S5 with kit kat. Just awful. Find a 3rd party app.
Good applications
Use the main site, or Google +
people spend most of their time on facebook...they must don't have a life.
Hanik lusidah
Keeps crashing and highly annoying makes me not want to even bother with Facebook
Like it
Keep up good works...
Wont let me upgrade! Please tell me how to upgrade my facebook for android!
Don't work as good stops working to much and won't play videos
Bravo
Love it..
Its a good app its just very slow and it always takes itself back up to the top of the page and videos barely work
Kool!
This app ask for access to everything in our phones.
I want the 5s style <3 LOL!!!!!!!
Changes
Hi
Nice
Will not download the new text app. Don't like all the do you know so and so notifications.
hi there is no working something I hat this
Lone ranger
I cant see no pics and its really slow
Generally a decent app, however I'm extremely frustrated that messaging has been moved to a separate app... I'm sure I'm not the only one who feels this way, but facebook tends to ignore us naysayers =/ I'm probably wasting my time posting this comment...
Apart from the small performance problems after some maintenance updates, the App works flawlessly delivering your news feed and giving you notification alerts. Recommended to all Facebook users.
It was great
Wonderful ...
Videos don't play unless I press menu button .notifications do not push... New layout is fine,  but everything else doesn't work properly... and that sucks.. Hope u fix it soon, or I will die. 08/14/2014--Now videos won't play at all.. Omg
Love this app
Better than twitter
Facebook will not even load after this newest update!
Battery life killer
Why can't videos be uploaded in HD?
Turn up
The app is decent but since the update it won't play any of the in app videos/clips
For an older version
Food for thought...
Change the graphics....needs new ones please and thank you
Images don't open, takes long time to update news feed. Facebook works faster on my dolphin browser.
It want let me watch no videos or upload no videos
I like it
You people need to fix fb
There's no custom button while im sharing stuff, and sometime I really want to let smebody see my thing
Can't check messages, can't adjust media volume while a video is playing. I hate this app
It's keeps turning itself of and it's so slow omg
This updating thing i don't seems to understand why it keeps saying insufficient space when there's enough space. And also, this version seems to b running fast MBs, it takes too much time  to view picx nd videos
Great facebook
Facebook
I don't like Facebook massager it's too irritating me
Alot of ram and phone storage. Facebook is becoming lame day by day, its sucks and lags alot :3 :@
New update and now I can't look at pictures and it will hardly refresh or load anything. None of my games will connect to facebook anymore either... please fix!!!
I cant see videos this is not ok at all Facebook you messed up so big this time

Tidak dapat di muat turun akibat ralat
Why you keep updating everyday? This is weird
Excelent
Free app or not, they've gone too far with the removal of chat and the forced addition of the messenger app. Also, I really don't want to play every single video I happen to come across. What a waste of resources.  Uninstalled and will use only the web version from now on. If I'm going to be inconvenienced no matter what.....I'll decide on the how and when. Suckberg and co. can bite me.
When I write a comment it appears,  then I come out of the post look at again and my comment has gone. I cannot get the picture icons on either and im sure this app causes battery drain
As
Why the hell do I have to use messenger? Its forcing me to download this. I don't like messenger and I don't want it. This just made Facebook suck in my opinion.
my name is alex brown n facebook is okay u can only watch some videos
New update has slowed it down terribly. Pictures and videos won't show up.
Still no option to default to most recent.  Apparently, whoever is responsible can't read.  Multiple comments expressing the same problem and nothing changes. Useless app. More updates. Same old crap.
Facebook
Can't watch videos on the moble app. Fix it! New update sux!
Good
Due to problems I was havi ng with the app, I uninstalled it but for over a week now I have not been able to reinstall it. It will download but when it starts installing I keep getting a "-24" error code. Sprint can't help since it's an app problem.  I've had it!!!!! When are you going to fix this????? Now it's almost 2 weeks later and still can't install. 8/6/14 is this EVER going to be fixed???? Now it's 8/15 and I STILL can't install. Seems like no one monitors these comments.
This new update blows!
Can't watch video now. What's the deal?
Sawed arebey
It can see your browsing history
Totally don't like they can get into my personal information. Not cool.
But please save palestine
Khan00
theres freaking spam everywhere!!!!
Ghkk
Great I can read in the car
Lame app
New update ruined videos
thats perfict
Can't share
Will get a better review when I can use messeges again.
Very nice app. Run quickly. Very much easy.
Lvu yo app guyz its a vert mavolous app
Good
haizingui naitumia bila shidq yoyote
No Videoes Will Show... Nd New Feeds Not Acting Rihh
X ant watch video this sucks please fix
Nice
Tired of updates cant get it right
Grant
bad...
The last update is good It needs an easier way for selecting between most recent and top stories .. via a button icon over the left scroll menu . ... Now I have to go far right menu and scroll down to get most recent witch will be better if I can switch between them in the old way style otherwise every updated you made is making the app better faster easier to use I think you should inspire the same for the PC web
Booooooo..!!!!
I love it
I love fb but i dont know why i cant installed it?
The video cannot play error occured!!!! What is that can you pls help me for that problem is there anyone had a similar problem on me...
Fun and a helpful way speak to your friends and family. !
Can't see the videos my friends post or share anymore.....
Kool
Now no pictures will load, so I did yet another update and it still won't load. Can you just stop the bull and leave it alone when it works?! Ugh!!!
Wants to much info.  Why control camera!?
Error loading news feed please try again........... Error loading news feed please try again.....
Everytime i go to my messages it keeps asking me to install the messenger app..i dont want it! Can you bring back the old version??
It freezes and crashes every time I try to do something.  And  it's getting very annoying. Please fix or I'm deleting this app.
Install, uninstall, install, uninstall. Still the same, very slow
Easy to communicate people
fb has no comparison. It has itself become a benchmark any body would compare and compete with!!!
Did
Love this app once i filter out all unnecessary content.
I love face book coz it connects pple this social network is a friend to me whn am alone
Why cant i upload any videos? Whats going on please fix! Once its fixed i will change my rate to 5 stars.
I don't want to have to download messenger just to view my messages.  It uses space on my phone that I don't have and it is completely pointless.
Exellent
The videos would freeze after a few seconds so I uninstalled the app and reinstalled it and now the videos won't load at all.
Nice
I will now only use the mobile version. To make me do separate apps for things I used to do in one is over redundant. I will now only use the mobile version. To make me do separate apps for things I used to do in one is over redundant. Not fun is it!
Very nice
The Facebook app is getting worse and worse as the developers continue to make unnecessary changes to it. Instead of always showing the most recent posts, it shows the top stories. Why do I need to see something that was posted 3 days ago over and over again? I thought I'd leave this here even though Facebook doesn't seem to care what their users want.
Good job, Facebook!
Love it
Can this app use it with not a wifi but a data.?
Aswm fb app
Albahja
Sort out the "unknown error" that always occurs on playing videos. Still gotta use my browser and not the app. (xperia z2)
Bloody Facebook is making us have two apps to operate, bring back the messenger on the Facebook app your other one operates like crap, keep them integrated
Good but missing massage i don't read massage without massenger
Already takes up too much memory on my phone to have to install messenger too!! Also,since the last two updates all it does is CRASH ALL THE TIME!!
Ever since the last update, no more videos. NOT happy!
Will not let me watch videos , I love the fact that I can reply to comments but the video situation is frustrating. Please fix.
This is a good  app but I can't read my messages  without  messenger and I don't want to download messenger. So please fix this and it will be a much better app!
Jahid khan
I can't message anyone unless I have the messenger app and on that app the Facebook messager people can read it all see all my contacts every thing in my phone
Why has my account  been blocked? This has prevented me from reaching my family & loved ones
Every time I'm scrolling It stops and waits for videos to load before I can continue to scroll. That's not faster then ever it takes forever to scroll. Don't even look at fb anymore because of it. Thanks a lot...
i love this app

I can't even open the app after the update. If the problem isn't resolved soon I will uninstall the app.
iyi
For now i can not rate this lower than 1 star. I got the prior update and I cant even log in. Hope this new update fixes it. (8/15) ~ OK, new update fixed login, but a huge pain not having access.
Nothing compares
I love my friends and family.
Loved it very much
why i cant watch videos
Facebook won't even play video or it wanna be nosey in my contact
Super good
K
The videos will not load at all its junk!
It's a load of crap that you cannot message anyone without being forced to download another app. If I want facebook it comes with messaging I don't need to download a separate app just to message someone on the app I'm already using!!! You need to change this immediately!
My uncle was harassed and trolled he contacted the police when the police contacted fb they asked for ten thousand pounds to give the details of the person harassing and slandering my uncles name his life was threatened by this person as was my grandparents my uncle is disabled and has the mind of a ten year old you truly are disgusting fb
Not able to watch viseos
They fix the problem cause need download that dumm messager.... witch I dont want to...  Plz fix the prolem soon:) or dont updated at all or you wont send messages at all :(
I hate it!
Very good
This is crap! Always stop.
Aquarian
I cant watch videos on the new update  smh
Doesn't play videos
Awesome
Awesome
I dont like the massenger now you have download separate I hate that!!!
The first is a HUGE NUANCE; hands down worst "update" in facebook as of now. The lack of emoticons on the facebook application (not messenger) should be addressed for next update. Overall good.                     Advice for development team: apply  Whatsapp with messenger integration (optional), and forget about messenger all together. 400 million users, $16,000,000,000 in acquistion for WHATSAPP yet there are no plans of monetization + integration. :l
The worst ever!!!
It good
Thanks
Love it, face book messenger is garbage though
Bad
Like its gay as hell like for real
You can view notifications on this app but facebook will not let you read your messages without the messenger app so you have to download 2 apps to get the one app working fully. And the messenger app is annoying so I uninstalled this app. Useless.
It dosen't work and say to me i must download Download Adobe Flash Player 15.0.0.149 and my mobile can't download it so i can't open my facebook account any more . And thank you
Pointless
Up
Talk to your friends and family
Please people, look at the permissions you are giving Facebook. Everyone is freaking about messenger the Facebook app's are worse. They are more invasive. It truly is scary and the fact is, few people realize. WAKE UP people. You are allowing Facebook to "record video or audio without user consent"!!! Not to mention read your texts, view and save any pictures/ videos, have open access to your phone records / make calls of your behalf without consent, view any accounts. Read them, please!
Love it
Stupid to download an app for messenger
Needs to show Emojis on the app for androids & it doesn't.
I installed it and i unplugged my galaxy S4 off the charger.  In a span of 5 hours my battery went from 100% to 32%.  I lost 5% in just ten minutes of idle while i was eating at IHOP so it will not be installed ever again on my phone until they fix it. Maybe its time to move completely to Google + and forget facebook
Love
Good
Privacy concerns
Best app
Its a pretty cool app
Thanks
K
Facebook makes too many  changes as well as forcing people to use a separate app for messages
Love it
More work is required to enhanced its Speed.
Ameer mathandi
Why do you need to read my texts and permissions to use my camera? Bye
Hideous on the LG G3 (3D nonsense everywhere) and otherwise generally awful, like how the "new stories" order is buried amongst a lot of clutter
It's Slow!
Working smoothly...
Just like that
its not downloading some kind of dupliacate provider authority error is showed i dont know what wrong with it :/
Now in order to send, receive or even look at a message you HAVE to download a separate app!? Then when you download the stupid messenger app it sucks all your data, constantly says connecting to network or no internet connection -even though my facebook app is connected just fine. Ugh! CHANGE IT BACK!
????
Won't let me log out at times so I have to keep deleting the app and installing it.
Hello
You rock
Ya Amazing.....!!!!!
Love
very useful.
Can not play videos suxs

Thanx
And where I'm at and whom I'm with and what it looks like at all times is fulfilled
=_=
Very slow ... bring the other app back!!
Download slow
Ya333
It's fast
Got mad love for facebook
Do not like that I need another app to view my messages
Facebook always says that's not the my password so i always have to take that facebook off and make a new one
Die
I love facebook i've had it for ever and now it will only let me watch some videos which is really frustrating
Shatath sara
I cannot believe that I HAVE to download Messenger to read my messages. Why not just have 1 app for everything? Seriously, Messenger is a complete waste of time and space on my, and everyone's, phone. Probably going to uninstall
pkh
You should not be forced to use a secondary broken app that needs to many permisions in order to see messages. 1 star till you restore facebook old functionality
Great!
Update everyother day is irritating. Make it more stable so that we dont have to download it every alternate day!
It'd a very good app but the only problem is it takes up too much space
Merge foarte bine . E super ! Noroc ca exista Facebook si ca aplicatie pentru orice telefon si tableta !
It's ok l, but it's no Google+.
Fantastik
Seems like every week there's at least one update plus now I HAVE to use messenger. I can't stand the FB messenger & shouldn't have to have it. Also, would be nice to see the news feeds when they are actually happening etc and not 3+ days later. FB is just getting ridiculous anymore.
Good app i just hate that you have to have facebook messenger to read your inbox
Edward
Pleas tel me
Only using till something more practical comes along
How DARE you force me to get messenger? Im sorry. But I'll just text people. Forget this!
Came here to hate on fb for making me use their messenger app. Please do the same.
Good to hear and talk to friends
Why do I need to download a secondary app to message on Facebook? It worked just fine before!! No I need an app not happy about that I don't want a lot of apps taking up space on my phone!!
i love facebook it is amazing
Very cool
Facebook
Love it
WORKS WELL
Much much better of than others .
Fb
Love this app!
Its fantastic
I would like to know why Facebook is kicking me off the app every time I open it? And I would also like to say that the fact that I have to download another app to see MY messages, is ridiculous, I should not be forced to download an app to see what is mine.
Awesome app, love it
Uzi right-click
Jus coz I msg widout msngr..its irritating. .
Love it
Media
..whT 4 people who messge once in  a week...need a extra app for that also....
Brilliant app
Its awesome n works perfectly! Thou sometimes has problems in updating it!
Greeat
Awesome
Have no issues as of such
Ever since the new update it force closes everytime!!!
The update fixes nothing... The video autoplay is actually really annoying and it's a complete waste of data. The pictures stay on the preview size and resolution. And the worst part is, you disabled the chat to make everyone download the pop-up chat app... That app that lags my phone and interrupts what I'm doing or when I try to ignore  a group chat or someone. Certainly this app was better before...
Everything is good except you can't see the about me on your or your friends profile. This needs to stop updating so much unless make it like it was before
It says Facebook status are currently not available
Videos wont play after the latest update
Blah blah
Ida N Johnson
External chat....no Thank you. Videos Do not load.
Hell!
That messenger chat heads thing is aweful! But Facebook switched to it so now I'm stuck with it. Thanks for giving me a choice (yes I'm being sarcastic)!
FACEBOOK IS PURE EVIL
Allows
Unable to tag people using phone.. please fix it.. thanks
kumar
good app
Needs option for saving passwords and keep the msgs in the fb app only.
not good or nat bad
Whats life without fb ;)
Idky but ever since this new update my videos cant play hopefully you guys can fix this problem
Yall btter fix the messaging thing i hate it
Wont even let me download it.
Sucks
When i try to post videos. It says processing video, but it never uploads. Then it closes the app completely out and won't let me access the FB app. What's the problem???
I love it
I can't even download this app please fix
I loved it
Double Hayes, whats up with that?
The most recent being in side panel annoying, can't see emojis, overall it gets worse and worse.  Get your crap together.
Description
Swagggggh
I'm using still
For that i have to reset my  device always. A buggy app
New galaxy s5 and the app does not work with wifi. Only with my data.....
Bakwasssssss
I really love this app its awesome
There is no emojis shown in comment box.
This so called update has to be worse thing they have ever done. Who the hell want to see news feeds that are one week or more old. Cannot see most recent. FIX IT!!!!!
Okay
de 5 estrellas que le habia puesto le bajo a 1 por que en vez de mejorarla la habeis destrozado y ahora la quiero volver a instalar y no me dejaaa....
Facebook i want to see the most recent in the news feed not in the settings & i will give you 3 stars for this
Social networking
So far Facebook has got better on some things but there are still more improvement that can be done. Love my Facebook App.
SUPER
Nice to use
Sexy app
I cant message on fb app & can't access fb othrou the internet so i forced to download fb messanger,total privacy invasion .... Sort it
fast
This new application is boorish because we dont even no's that who birthday today and maney events we don't get notifications....
Super
You don't need to be able to watch me or listen anytime you want without me knowing
Good
Easy to use
Still has scam artist
Wonderful
Better Never slow talk to friends you get emoji even if your keyboard don't have it
Can not watch videos go recent update
Can't see videos...........
Soon fun
Don't like this version! Don't want to have to use messanger to get my messages. Doesn't load fast and news feeds are from 3 to 4 days old.  Videos take forever to load if they do load.
Lkjhgfd
Nice
sulejmani
This is some bull s@#t can't play videos
It's like awesome but the thing I don't like is writing the code because it never sends the code
Culture
Cant stand when videos play without me wanting to. If i wanted to watch the video id click on it.
Very good app but sum time miss behavior
Hope it's fine already
App
Always asking check your network connection please try to give to best New Facebook application  that is the reason one star
No notification when not using the app but when you open it, it shows many notification. I think the app is not working properly regarding the notification
Nice love it!!!!
Its kinda fast
Absolute CRAP since they took messaging out of this. Dont bother updating its NOT WORTH IT.
The problem with the Facebook app is that its trying to be something its not, quite frankly social media will be recorded in history as the biggest failure of the early 21St century and this app is a great example if that. Every update claims to fix a problem but as the files get bigger so do the problems, Facebook constantly crashes and locks up just scrolling through the news feed. I turned off the auto play for videos, another terrible feature by threw way, hoping it would solve the issue but nope!
Wohi
Newest update won't load pics or videos.... So irritating....
What a joke. Bring back old messaging and make messenger a choice again
Use to be a good all in one app.  Not anymore.  Uninstalled and will use chrome browser.
This App Works PERFECTLY For Mehh
Its not slow its a good app
Very good
Karisa
If will not download on my freaking phone keep showing error 492
it feels relaxed.
They are auto playing videos to use our data up. Must have a deal with the mobile companies
Gh
A way to communicate with family an friends!!!
Nice app connects people.
Halkaan maxaa logawaayay afsomali WAAAAW lawadaag SAXIBAYashaa
was so so good n fast than before!
Phone keeps freezing up
cc
In love with the new update!
Ilove this ap
So nice to get and keep Intouch
All of the sudden, in the last day, the app has just stopped working. It's not just my phone, because everyone around me with an android is having the same issue. What the crap?
Fiazkanie
Very nice
Bettered
I am a beautiful person
Saca de lado
mareyamu mahamadou
I don't like how limited the news feed has gotten.  Only a handful of people ever make the feed so I have to specifically look at each friends' page to know what's happening with them.  I HATE how hard it is to find my own page using the menu options.  On the other hand, I think it's a valuable tool for interacting with people I wouldn't get to otherwise. Probably more importantly, it adds an entirely new dimension to relationships firmly rooted in my everyday life.
I luv u so much
Ksa
Soooooogod
I don't like being hearded to downloading another app to access one website. Why do you need 2 apps for Facebook?
Like the new app
It doent let login but it ok otherwise
Very useful for connecting with friends, its really fun
This s the great what i ever seen..it is fast better than web browser...
Hell with the app news feed not updating
akoyaminlay
great app
God and I are One, He is all, and I am He.
Love it
Google plus is better
the bast i spelled wrong on purpose
Superb
Sohal
Micfhgjiihjhjpussssyfjjgujggukvduojfjbbouj
Of course
Love it
Raj
Hmmmmm
Slow and bulky
Has been block 2 months now but things now lookin brighter. Hoping to come back on soon!
Good
Can't watch videos,  and it keeps lagging. I have to turn my phone off and back on again for it not to be slow and then it still only works for 5 minutes. Pos app.
Its amzing like so cool but it take a while to load
Wont play videos, getting really annoying. Fix it!
¡î¡î¡î
It very good now, it is faster, more accesible.
Even though the new update is horrible like news feed doesn't load, can't see pictures or videos people post, takes long to load up your profile, and can't see on your profile or other sections on your Facebook. I'm not satisfied on what I have been seeing. Its been like this like for 3 days straight and I sent facebook reports about that they aren't working well. Facebook needs to fix it as soon as possible or I won't be using my Facebook at all. I'm always on it 24/7 every single day!
Fantasti
This is a new way to say what's on your mind and not get looked at crazy because some one you don't know might feel the same way as you and don't know how to Say it... Keep it going FB
Review by luiss franco
Cant watch the video with the new update smh got to do better
Facebook
Look at friendcaster they have it down why don't you just buy their program and stop fubar'n this one
Niiic prog
A lot of times I write notes and my friends will comment on them. It doesn't tell me right away when a friend has commented???
Please update on it's own like my other apps!
Keeps crashing since update
Its gotten way better over the past year!!!
Sabbir
Takes to long to buffer a movie
Its simply awesome
Ramesh
Milan ghale
Gud app for android system......
Good
Fantastic app in the world. .....
Videos don't work now.
Why can't I edit my comments? I could do this up until about 2 updates ago?
Friend
Memory hog........
Ok
good facebok
its awosemm face book
With the last update, videos cannot be viewed well, it shows bits of images or freezes. Please fix this, since this app used to be great.
Since August 5th update..on my Samsung note 3...on my profile timeline page....About is gone but u put activity log...can u not put back the icon ABOUT...can not see personal info...what do I need activity log for???????
Awesome app
Facebook
Lkjhgfd
Just love Facebook:)
Super Duperb
please make a lighter version
Facebook a di boss
Good
Garafa
Good
Works good. Getting all kinks worked out.
Videos won't play, please fix
Woodside
Good! !
Eats ram like a hungry bear..!! Even if i don't use it for a week its constantly eating ram in background.
I dislike. It is too large and too laggy and crashes all over the place and is too slow. Just use the browser version. Its just better for everyone.
I am not happy with the fact that the newest updates make it mandatory to have access to my pics, microphone, camera, and other personal things. I will be deleting this app as soon as I get a computer and can access Facebook on it.
Not working very fast, takes a long time to load pics or any post from friends
well
Too intrusive
Reintegrate messaging you morons
Okay too me
Pictures will upload kinda slow. Videos aren't really playing and/or uploading. Sometimes it will say that there is an error loading the news feed, but that part could just be my phone/internet. But that's about all that really needs any attention.
I keep getting notifications every single day about who shared a photo I have nothing to do with. Or even better, those absurd alerts where it just shows me a person I have a mutual friend with and asks if I want to add them to my friends list. The ONLY reason I have this app is so that i may get notified when people are interacting with me. When i go a few days without logging on, Facebook sends daily made-up excuses to get me to pay attention to it. It's a super clingy attention grubber.
Good looks, not a battery drain, plenty of functionality. Good stuff.
552013@ gemologist com
Don't even deserve 1 star.Need regular updates. Didn't stay on the same page after clicking a link.
Excellent. Easy.
Aswesome
SMH on this new freaking update which makes fb crash all the time!...I can't even see my newsfeed. I WANT MY MONEY BACK!, oh wait! :| fb its free! :/ ok anyways pls fix it guys! ^^
I love it but needs a dislike button
And now I am required to get an additional app just to read messages on my phone? Wtf is that? I have an older phone and can't afford to run out and get a new one with more storage just to get the messenger app. Facebook messages are how I stay in contact with a job opportunity. My phone no longer has storage room for additional apps, only 8gb of storage. Bring back messages to the Facebook app! Not happy.
I hate the new browser, slow and I cannot watch videos
That's a Nyc version fb I like Here chat with friends
Trying again n again to update it but its working. An error occurred.. Please fix it
Good
EDIT : After making standalone app for messages, at least now make this app smaller in size. It's improved a lot and is improving but app need to be more quick.
P
Getting slow fix it
Nice app..
Keep updating....
After last update my phone battery drain very fast. So yesterday remove boths apps fb and messenger, now my battery normal again... fix it now!!!!
Not loading pictures at all. Same for instagram.
Realy help to people
App
I hate to download messenger to check my inbox
Muhammad
Really nice....
Hi
he is thinking very good.
Facebook post with fans
I cant even see facebook videos now!
Will you please fix the video player! It keeps stopping halfway through with a pop up saying an error has ocurred. That's if the video will even start playing at all. Sometimes all I get is that damned pop up.
Good
Read & writing =0
Nice
Enjoy it
I like the app but now I cannot watch videos that people post. Will get 5 stars if this is fixed
Are
It is an amazing app to keep in touch with ur friends love it so download it
In my timeline about is not showing. I can't able to edit my profile.
User friendly
Jhakaaa
I hate it doesn't even load the lastest stories I get old post s from the day before
Fb messenger sucks
Love it
Its so easy and good
Fineeeeee
I hate it!
It wont even download, says I have insufficient storage.. when I clearly have no other apps downloaded
Awesm apps
Www facebook @com.
Apparels
Allow the users to access their private messages using this app !! I don't need another app that eats up my RAM jus to check my messages !!
Keeps saying error, not loading.
Why do I have to use a secondary app just to message people?
IS THE BEST APP YOU CAN ASK FOR!...R.K.KELLY DETROIT MICHIGAN!...
Love
Messenger wala bh0t rola hai
nice aap
To get to. Easy to get addicted.
Best apps
Takes forever to load, doesn't work if not connected to Wi-Fi. Horrible ui I've seen. Needs loads And loads of permissions before u can use it. E.g reads your messages, deletes sd card content. Ridiculous!! Uninstalling this crap NOW
Nice application for youngster to touch with friends in different places.......,.and always
Vs Vj
We Happy
I don't quite know why people are moaning about it because to me its very useful so stop you moaning and uninstall the app if you don't like it and no complain on here...simple. Anyway I liked it. Good job :)
Cant watch videos!!!
Phablo
Lover
Excellent
Takes forever
Better
I stay connected to my family
Thanks You
Still buggy and should not be forced into installing the messenger if we do not want to
I have trouble watching videos on FB now.This has been going on for a while.why would I update to make it even worse?no thanks FB,just fix it.
Goog
Good his very new map application the fast
It's ok,  it freezes and can't really watch videos  a lot sends you have to start all over 
Terbaikk..
Loved it ..
N
Kasem8676
Hate having to use the Facebook messenger application to check my messages! !!! So stupid of you!!!!!!
I can't download anything else from Google play because of I have insignificant space and I have to uninstall updates to download something.
ms
Cant play videos..pix it
Why video plays automatically. I donot want to view all rubish video. Can I have my choice?
Awesome
E
I can't download it after I updated my android system please solve the problem so I change my review it says incompatible update
Idk still being forced to use messenger. Smdh.
After the latest 'improvements for reliability and speed' update, it now keeps crashing. Very annoying.
Love it
Cool
App far this is one of the best versions of this app, my only complaint is that some the last update I can't watch or open videos ppl post on my phone (lg g2)
Fb is great
The best...
Thanks
Social service
Awosesam
Top of the world's
Sagar Digital
How many times do i need to update?
Found very interesting
Patel
Ok
please stop forcing me to install your new messenger I do not like it and do not want to have to use it.  I hate the format and I like the way my inbox is as is.  it shld be optional to install not no choice.
Did not able to see video on fb pls fix it
Always says session expired when watching something or doing something. Please fix this and i will rate 5 stars
After update i cannot play videos. I also HATE the messenger, get rid of it! When i refresh my newsfeed i see random posts and not most recent. Also lots of comments are not popping up. Fix app ASAP!
Best
I hate the fact that they try and mak you download messanger. I think it has gotten worse over the past few months.
Amazing
Good
LeBron
No Videoes Will Show... Nd New Feeds Not Acting Rihh
For chet must download messanger
Good
Its brieg of society
Great thing to use to stay in connection with family and friends
Just doesn't work and it will not let me upload any videos whatsoever
I will not install a second app just to get messages. Wish I had never updated, as the old version was fine in that regard. Uninstalling due to bloatware, old posts in Newsfeed and removal of messages for the sake of monopolizing my phone. Your greed gets you no where with some of us, Mr. Zuckerberg.
If they don't fix the messages  without having to download this stupid f^*^*^* app I'm deleting it all. FIX THIS STUPID MESSENGER S**T!!!
I am not installing two different apps for facebook. If you are going to take away messages if you dont have the second app then at least stop showing notifications for messages. I dont use messages as an instant message but rather an inbox that people can leave a message in until I can get back with them like email. This new two app format is crap to me when I can just access all of facebook on my mobile browser. The whole point of apps instead of a browser is ease of use. Facebook failed.
Can't find the app icon when installed
Gud enogh...!!! Downld prob...
Nice
Fight against Israel
Best thing since sliced bread
Best app for ever.
husnainali
Logg
All izz well
Nice app
Good
Regan Raphael Marandu
Can't even start in good network connection... Waste while travelling.
Sii
No star
you could make it faster
Hola bu
Wonderful
I love my face book
My news feed is never up to date, no matter how much I refresh, I get things from days ago on there.
Nice
can't watch videos fb gets worse and worse
Y its compulsory to dwnld fb messenger
Masuk awal via android lama dan lelet...file terlalu besar
better :p
Big and useless

Fine
Best ever.
I can't watch videos on my boost force.  Everything was great until the update, so I can't enjoy Facebook anymore.
Quicker than using your browser
Fantastic
Love it
Awsome
I DON'T LIKE THE NEW UPDATE FOR FACEBOOK I WANNA KNOW HOW CAN I GET THE OLD FACEBOOK BACK
Good app for user facebook
Sarai majako
Dope
Awesome
Won't let me watch any videos since the new update. It was working good till then, now it's CRAP again.
I love it
Nice
I cant play any video. It just crashes every time i try to play a video. D older version was much more stable.
Facebook
Updated version is nice.
Ya zaineb
Facebook
Coz It carries lot of viruses.....
I really like this app
Excellent
It won't let me.watch videos! Please fix
anandrajraj1994
App WAS fine. But they have removed messaging from it. rage + uninstall
not bad
Recent up date eliminated ability to watch videos please fix. Will adjust rating once I video capability back.
Short cut way to use facebook
Sick
Omfg
Few little bugs here n there, never had a real complaint. Update yesterday and I cannot log into app, stuck using internet site. Bullshit
Will give 5 stars when y'all bring messages back to this app
Why do i have to download messenger.
Not good  wanna more area in cellphone, ,,, should be 2 or 3mb
CHAMUNDICA
The most nosy app ever. Why is facebook interested in reading my phone contacts, messages, call log and wants access to modify them? Plus, it keeps on giving annoying notifications even after they are turned off in the phone settings. If facebook wants to bug its users with this app, then it is better not to use it at all.
Up on my phone but other wise its a good app
Would I want two applications todo the exact same thing? Dont u dare force me to use a certain something when its currently available in that app I am in! I will never download and boycott you until im dead over the stupidity of forcing me into something I hardly use. Congratulations your facebook app has now been uninstalled as it is now a BROKEN APPLICATION. Guess ill just have to use ur mobile site. Thanks for making my life more difficult Zack dumbassberg!!
It won't let me play videos. Can you plz fix this ASAP. Its making me mad. Hey Facebook people can you this thing soon.
Nice
I cant watch videos on Facebook but i can on youtube. I might just go back to myspace if this is not fixed soon.
Need performance improvement. I will recommended browser instead of this buggy app.
Yes
Owsome work
Cool ha
V niccccccce
Game
Doesn't load,can't see anybody's pics or videos,so disappointing when your a regular user,probably won't get fixed for months.terrible app.
This new update. Has caused FB to say error every time I try to watch a video
Superb
Good
Bye
2 din te
after last update this is the end. tell me why i had to install messenger to chat with my friends. every one i now him hate this move from you. now you let me one choice whish is deleting facebook app.
Its good
This app has been terrible since the last update. Won't let me post pictures. And has been force closing all day today. Please fix.
Foolish little app
Superb
Really much better now
New messanger sucks
Hate new version.  Bring back previous, better version PLEASE.
Kool
Its now taking up space on the phone ( pantech ) since it no longer allows me to check Fb messages .  Which was the whole point of this app. Fail
Better than before
Best
Absolutely rubbish.  Most recent updates are pants and don't even load pictures. Only got one star due to the lack of a zero star option. Sorry Facebook. Try harder.
Helffull
Faster ..Good job
Jaaaaaat
Veille
Every time I try to open video, it asks! Its becoming more technical...& less fun.
Excilent
I like facebook very much, it helps to find friends of my old time
Since the last update the only thing it does is freezes up can't scroll or even view anything else or click anything
You should put more effects in it it would have more downloads
Garbage app
why do I even have the 'most recent' option if it only works once? As soon as I refresh it goes back to showing me things from days ago that I already saw and/or now don't care about. But what is confusing is that on that day I didn't see those posts that maybe I would have wanted to see that day. It's an easy fix,  you guys just keep making it more difficult.
Good setting
One of the worst app...I have ever come across...Since its few last updates...it's getting worst and even more worst...Previous versions were much better than this current one...I love Facebook...but I don't like this app...just want to share a very basic problem if anyone like to listen... that I have been facing...since its new Avatar is...video buffering...whenever I try to watch online videos on it...every time...it crashes and shows an annoying message that...Unfortunately FB has stopped working...
Very good
Awesome
Slow
Kingtajamal.
Creat
after my xperia e1 update to Android kitkat 4.4.2. my Facebook app missing. then now i try to install back but after finish downloading it pop up incompatible update, what the hell u update the facebook for us more can't install it??!
Too slow
Not reliable & you  don't know if it's your phone or. Face book
It always shut off whenever I'm in a particular post! This happened after I updated it!!
Fab"
Personal
I start scrolling and it freezes and then tells me I need to force close.
Avi Das
GOOD APP ITS SHOWS YOU PICTURES AND U CAN CHAT WITH YOUR FRIENDS
Facebook
12 5 2016.
Same feeling when iam using web  can feel high quality images
Wonderful
Ant even get on because itnwont respond fix it and ill give it more,I had to uninstall it and nowntrying to re download it I cant it gwts stuck at 93 % thanks alot
Acha
T
Best social network
Excellent
Because of what FB is doing with its msging system, I give them 1 star. Ya jerks.
Try it
Fb com
Good app
5
Always showing force close time waste
B
K.k
Not
Cant play videos after new update!!!
Facebook! Is an awesome app only one thing would make it perfect to copy the status or some inspirational text or quotes others post!! Thank you so much for solving my problem. Love it! 5 stars! You guys hear everyones problem and solve them!! You guys rock! Can android 4 n above move this app to sd card? And I want you guys to improve this app a lil so anyone can save the pictures they come across on the news feed!! Otherwise its good enough :)
Vishal
Phillippines
I love this App only
Easy to connect frnds
Gregorio
Sometimes works sometimes doesn't.
Love it
Super
Too many permissions required with new app, uninstalling both Facebook messenger and Facebook app.
Can't open videos, please fix it.
I like this app .
See daily but briefly
Wonderful
Help
After installing, it used up over 40 MB of my mobile internet plan just by being on the phone - never launched it. Battery life is down to 6 to 7 hours.
Nice
I love it
Lagging. When pressing the exit button to exit private chat or notifications window, I expected it to return to the news feed page. However, it exits the app completely.
I love this app.
Why I had to install massenger app to reply message I hate it please fix it
Its Facebook
Nice
Good
Excellent
Love the improvements
Not bad
Hare krishn!
Love this
I like change however it seems like right when I learn the update boom one more comes along! Is Facebook really so outdated it needs updates after a few weeks or month anyways?
Chaurasia
I'm not able to view the profile pic thumbnails of my friends(eben mine is not visible) in the home page or anywhere else in the app... Uninstalling and reinstalling didn't help... Moto E...
Couldn't watch videos had to delete app now can't upload app . Have to Google FB to see it there.
I think this is a great app.  I also have AVG on my laptop.
I don't like how it want let me see my massages because I don't won't the messenger ...
Need to develop more and more
Review by ko myo
Good
Good
So good..
It consumes a lot of battery... otherwise ok..
Crash City
I think it's very good. It is faster. I don't have any complaints.
§·§à§é§å §á§à§ã§ä§Ñ§Ó§Ú§ä§î §ä§ï§Ô §ß§Ñ §é§Ö§Ý§à§Ó§Ö§Ü§Ñ §Ó §Ü§à§Þ§Þ§Ö§ß§ä§Ñ§â§Ú§ñ§ç,  §ß§à §Ó§í§ç§à§Õ§Ú§ä §ä§à§Ý§î§Ü§à @ §Ú §Ú§Þ§ñ
Updated, now it won't launch anymore. Lg optimus elite
I loved the update . It is very cool
Fix please asap
Alif Al Huthaifi
Goood
I do not want to install messenger to communicate with my friends fix this and I might change my rate
Great app to have
Pics keep on loading only
F B forced everyone to download yahoo messenger...it ruined everything for a lot of people now we got slow tablets, and have to go through a lot of crap to check messages!!!
I had updated Facebook the previous week and I was also using the new update. But today it is showing the same older version and Play store is asking to update... What is this???
Its good
Why i can't mention a page name in a post or a comment from this version of facebook ?
good facebook
Sunshine
Love it
i love ths app
New update ruined videos
Its quite the usual but I love it.
It runs slow even upon my upgrade. Do better!
The Messenger App is completely unnecessary. It is a waste of space and causes problems with the rest of my apps updating
I changed my review because of the new UI but for some reason, now I can't upload or view my video in HD with a 45mbps WiFi connection.
Very annoying to be forced into the all-permissions messenger app.
Cool.........,galaxy s
It's awsome I would download
So slow..not functioning properly
Super
Good
When I amwachingfacebookinmycomputerormygallaxy5sphone, igettheforgottenallmylifepastbadandsadhappened, thanksfacebook
Plus Point Rajiv Agarwal
Put option to replay on comments of pages
Good
I can't wait videos
I do not want to give you that level of access.  I am fine with 20% slower I just want it all in 1 simple app.
Cant access to this fastly
Best
Raja
Please let is choose if we want to have that app or not. I don't like it!!!!
Noting wid out this app
Games,chat apps
Nice
But I have to keep up with my facebook so I relinquish my privacy.
Lobing
I have Micromax turbo and facing the problem of playing the video on facebook ..plzz help..i tried reinstalling facebook and formatting my phone but nothing happen facing same problem
Nice app
I hate to have to donload messenger and facebook it takes up alot of space. Just make it to one app already. I dont want to see top storys either. Fix it.
Good
Great
Uu
Excellent
Nice
Goood
Keeps freezing... please fix...
Indai
compatible on my device
Likely
Nice
facebook isnt working now after the  update..crashing..
Brilliant Apps
Always having trouble w/ it on HTC inspire
I can't believe what I am hearing. I guess that Facebook and now see everything on your phone go through everything anyone on earth can look through my stuff when you download the messenger app and it's now mandatory to download it. I think that's bull crap. I don't want someone looking at me through my forward facing camera when ever the want to hell no. I have removed the 2 apps and now they (facebook) bought the what's up app. So everyone be ware and at your own risk. I like Facebook but not like this...
Nyc and superb app
They can here what u talking about and use ur camera
Facebook android app isn't showing me the photos perfectly as it like on my pc..
There is a bug in this version. Please fix it and upgrade it as soon as possible.
I'm not bad in satisfied so far
Best ever
I hate it. So slow, always not responding. Makes me annoy. Please fix it.
Stroried
Sad that it's incompatible with my upgrade to 4.4.2 on Xperia mobile
I like it
I don't have Facebook in my phone am strugling to download guy but i promise i will be back as soon as possible don't lose me am still a member of Facebook.
I hope this servis provide to long life.for use social site nothing else
Good
plz stay in slow profile with little mb... :)
love it
........
Forcing us to give away all privacy ? No thank you. Oh, what's this, an uninstall button ? Guess I'll have to use it!
Why it won't download can u fix it
Use it  for good things
Down it works
Great
A way of life
I hate this stupid app,it doesn't work! It's so slowly
So good
Mother
Is very good for friendship
Every time i click on video, fb app crashes..
SARFARAZ  AHMAD
I like you
Nice app
Thanque
The new update that must use messenger spoiled it all. The messanger slows down my phone with 1gb RAM.
Would be better if it was a fully independent app which would open the notifications within itself, instead of linking to wap page
Coolest
I love it!!!!
Great
It works very slow. Can't send message. Plz do something about it (
The content does not load. It just buffers, which does not happen to any other app. Solve this problem and will give 5 stars.
Wow
I made alot of friebds on this.
Whats happend to this app.?? Can't play vids and cant see pica anymore.. i first thought thats its bcos of the connection but itts just not.. how i wish its bcos of the connection.. please do something about thiiiiiiiiiiis!!!
This app
The app is convenient and works wonderfully. I never have problems with it.
Like dear

Great
Gud
Gud one loved it
Facebook is awesome
Its so good I luv it
Tu devol
Loved it
Very bad and time of use it my phone wprks very solw
Amaizing network
Its gotten a lot better.
This app was fine but now you need the messenger app . Not to mention it takes up alot of space .
i hope its good to use this app
Any where anytime its a way to meet with friends
I love fb
needs to tweak the privacy settings "who can see my post" to specify people.
Floorless
Good
Pakista
Lovely
It freeze to much on me but still good
Adnan
itss gd vry gddd
It is so perfect app
Sometimes Facebook works like a champ, yet other times it closes, freezes, shuts off, makes you reenter your password 50 times. Consistency would be nice.
Ik krijg steeds foutcode -24. EDIT- Ik heb het al opgelost, bleken er toch  nog log-in gegevens op m'n telefoon te staan...
please fixe it up for slow like this
update won't download or upload any pictures or videos. Good job Facebook
Best thing in the world.......
Becuase this is very fast.
Very good
HalemaBiftu
App
People's updates (pics and videos) won't load
Enough update  :-(
Its ight
Arelys rodriguez
cant like pages
Why can't you do a one good thing? Awf
Permissions are ridiculous.
Can't play videos network problems
Super
Jay
This update better be good or I'm deleting the app all over again...

Sucking
Great but it takes much space !!!
Very nice application
Business
It is okay. It has improved for the past years but this one is the one I've been looking for.
I'm upset that you force us to install 1 extra app for fb msg purpose.
I hate that I now need 3 apps for Facebook.
Needed kept freezing my phone and I had to start it multiple times in 24 hours just so I could use my phone! Fix it and Ill redo review
Nice
Good
Awesome.Easy
Deepak dhiman
Very slow aaps it take lots of time . This aaps is very pour.
What happend to the photo syncing. The app is not wanting to sync my photos that is on my tablet. This photo syncing problem needs fixing
Good
Thxxxx
I'm Not Downloading A Stupid Messenger Just To Talk To People. Give Me My Messages Back.
The more you screw with this app the worse it get. Can you pull heads out of your lower intestines and do something right for change????
Very Nice APP
App
It is keeping friends so nearly.
Good
Chats
Ok
Great app
Can't save the shared videos
Forces users to use another app for chats. Thus, two applications will run in the background instead of one. Not mentioning the amount of resources the other one takes and its limitations.
Nice and fast
Its a waste. They use this crap to dump other crap in users head.
Hi
Can't watch videos
nice working
All issues fixed
It's improved from what it was before but I yet cant play videos which is very annoying
I love this
Terbaik
Enjoyed it
Great
m k raj
App closes as soon as I open it , smh ! Doesnt update newsfeed.
Nt good it always shows me download Facebook messagner... nd i don't want to download Facebook messanger so plz work out on thos
This new UI sucks, and I am missing all the stories from my friends. I want to decide what I want to see, bring back the 'most recent' button.

:)))
Ramasintatanpa
I hate the fact that you now are required to down load instant messenger. We shouldnt have to have two apps for the same thing. If it would change back to how it was I would be perfectly happy.
Cos its always says 'facebook blah blah blah is not responding.
I wanna have my facebook page! (Sobs)
Tremendous
Ok
It's so necessarily
My videos do not load and that stupid message still pops up please fix!!!!
Is not possible to use button LIKE , is out of use
RESTORE THE OPTION TO DISPLAY "MOST RECENT" IN THE FEED AS DEFAULT. why must the Facebook for Android team mess up a good app they had going for them. seriously regretting the fact I among many updated....  and bring back the ability to TAG pages & people you "LIKE"
As a high speed internet user I request u.....kindly work little bit more on speed...else it is awesome..
Shashin
This updated version did nothing but problem. It always "force stop" and just went out. Hope you fix it as soon as possible. The old version is way better. :(disappointing..
Love
Bluda blpd
Is OK I guess
I love it so much
Smart
I can't see some of my friends recent statuses.
woooooow
Bad app! Can't chat now..
veru good
Aside from the fact that you can't edit your comments after they are posted, I wouldn't even bother with this app. Going through the internet on your phone is way better, unless you make a typo! Bullcrap messenger stupidity... Just about all set...
Loving it
I
App ever ...... Love it
I cant upload video fast
I like so much my best friend facebook
Excellent
Very complicated to use now not like before,,
I loved
KUMAR. ps
Craap
I don't like how you can't check your messages on the Facebook app anymore. You HAVE to download the messenger app now. It should be a choice, not mandatory. I'm giving 1 star because of this. FIX! 
Zaheer ahmad
This app is very smooth, sleek &  reliable.
Good
I like this
It fails constantly. ..why update it doesn't get better........
Amazing ... awesome :)
good
Very good
Thanks to the latest update I'm able to waste even more time, something I felt was missing from the previous versions. With repetitive posts, lame pop culture references, and the beloved drama. All packed in to an app that looks like it came from 2010. This is truly an app that can't be beat.
I don't understand why we have to download messenger to message
Used to like it but now it is acting messed up notifications are messed up I wish I didn't update...now I write a comment and it won't post!! I have to write it twice! And the messenger app SUCKS!! NO ONE likes it!! I didn't read not one good review! When are u going to change it?? If and when u fix messenger I will give u 5 stars
Frend
Very good
Super Slow and why do you need control of everything?
Good
The app also takes up a lot of memory. Usually it takes up 70+ MB and now it takes up 100+ MB.
I wont let me watch videos with the new update smh
Very good
Its ok
Bit slow
Got hacked,  somehow,  and now I can't login, or make a new account.
We are young
Excellent ......
Khan
fi ay mahki
Kickin it.
So many problems :(  like when I click to messages, so many time it force me to download facebook messanger :(
Ah wont advice any1 to download it its too slow efedisa pelo!
Super
very much nice app ty mark zuckerburg
News feed and profile pics load slow af
More on error loading .. it was suck..
I love this app
One star from me because after the last update it forces me to download facebook messenger in order to read my messages without giving me another option. uninstalled the app immediately..
78678692
Videos don't work.!
better
nothing..
Slow n heavy
Dhaniram
More easy ..communication...in social networking,
Nice
its super fast
Give us the option to see the most recent as default. I don't car about any other feed.
This is easy to download
Uninstalled and am logging into my browser to access FB until you guys can get all this nonsense fixed! Updates do nothing from a users perspective except change the few things that were working before the update! I find that having to log in via browser is actually making me check FB less and ya know what... I'm not missing it! The novelty is wearing off and the terrible app isn't helping matters.  Google+, however, has been very reliable and I find I'm enjoying that much more!
It is not working what is the problem
Its always slow...takes too much time when accessing anything
How can I upload the picture in comment box...if this function available I will give you 5 star
What Do i want with a Newsfeed that does not show all the news? This update is bullshit and I got unnecessary lags, that feel like my smartphone is 10 years old...
Great app!!!! With a great speed of browsing....
App doesn't work with putting in details! Rubbish! Or signing new account!
Excellent!
Crashes all the time constantly popping up saying it's not responding and freezing my phone.
Nice
Its very cool boys
Good
Nice
the best
Excellent
Kind of slow, but it's alright I guess.
J
Business
Awsome
Awesome
Great app
You can't watch videos anymore on facebook!!!
Nice
Bagus
All these passwords mess a person up
There are lags in scrolling
It isn't posting any of yr pictures I try to post! Please fix this...
I just updated my Sony Xperia E1 and then I tried installing Facebook but it says update incompatible please help.
Super
A very good app for facebook
Having to download messenger sucks and eats up storage
Robert Is my husband
Nice
Samsung galaxy S5
Its amezingggg*#@$^&(
Big Sexy
Good
Der fazol day khfal tym pe ma zay kawyyy...

It is superb...........
Great
Facebook
Adnan
Love it
Ok
This app is slow and since update is not working. . Would give a 4 of they fix it.
Reading comments on posts sometimes display twice. Posting a comment sometimes creates a blank Facebook user message. No way to reply directly in comments section - everything is sequential.
Videos can not be download do something to fix this plzzzz
Gud
I refuse to download a separate app for messages.
Awesome
Make it small
It's nice but some improvements we need to watching FB video's
Why exactly does Facebook need to monitor my call logs, or record audio, Without my permission, or modify and delete my photos or videos? Not reinstalling until my privacy is protected.
Nice
Dropped to 1 Star: why the heck the SMS permission?  battery hog like no other. Prefer using mobile web version.
Micromax canvas doodle
Rana
You used to be able to access the Facebook Messenger despite the app having been able to access it in the past. This makes absolutely no sense and makes communication with the app difficult.
I don't like the idea of separating messaging from this app coz my phone can't hold too much processes. FB alone is using huge memory. It's OK if both are not running in bg, but it does. Which make my phone very lag. Other PROBLEM was there are times I like some post but when i see it again, my like wasn't counted.
Good
My pictures and videos don't always load since the last update.
Good app :-) though sometime problem occur while playing videos...
Why i hv to have messenger tovsend messages....
How do you see the most recent posts and not popular posts? This is the worst app ever. Worst app on the android marketplace.
Iy :-) rd ill kg
slowly the movements I cannot use nicely
Superb must dwnld it
It's OK but frequently crashes...
Not so good. Should updated nicely....
Forcing us to use messenger app
Ahhahhs
I dont want to download another app just so i can msg HELL NO!!!!! THATS JUST STUPID!!!!
The new messenger is awful, no one likes "top stories" they keep making it harder to use. I honestly can't wait until something, anything comes along so I can quit facebook for good.
Yeah its alright just slow to open and always has a pop up window saying you there is a problem with it
If we have fb y messenger is compulsory to chat y n even all over d world cn see our contact num when we dnt want to show so where is privacy
Without the ability to message, this is underwhelming.
Nice
Nice
This app is very slow
Very very good
very nice aplication
Wish it ran faster on android

God
nice
Sultan king
Facebook is awesome on my LG g3 but Facebook its self sucks! I hate things that try to force you to download other things so you can use something that the original app was suppose to be users for. Facebook messenger is what I'm mad about this whole download something for no reason and take up memory and space on your phone or don't talk to anyone what the he'll where you thinking Facebook your a social network not an app provider. And I'm not going to download that stupid Facebook messanger. Stupid!
Nice
Good all
Very nice
goods
Awsome
Best
You can't replay on any comment, even when any body replays on your comment..!! And the turn off notification in any post aren't responding and inactive.
it has got slower!!
Its slow
FB
Good App
Hey Manasseh.....its awesome! Lmao
why do I have to install fbk messenger if I dont want to????  I wanna be able  to choose!!!
Love it
New messenger is too Bad ! Bad ! Bad. It takes time to get connect even on 3G, very slow disconnects automatically, even Facebook is forcing to download its chat messenger just to see our messages.
Beautiful
Good
We shouldn't have to give you all access to our phones just to message friends, I'm deleting the app all together. You guys just want another way to spy on us. Kick rocks with no socks!
Hjnh
Lov it
Every update just seems to be killing Facebook. Doesn't load properly now you need a chat app, what else is next?
I like it but don't love it..it drops out often..stops me entering comps..when filling in to share on fb you won't let me use my own name, e mail, and at times it wants a password, my kids tell me not to give it but then I can't share on fb for comps, which I love to enter...
Ilike
Still the pc website is much better than this app
What since does it make to have to use two different apps? I refuse to download the messages because it is a complete invasion of privacy. Lowest rating possible until I get my messages back. Nobody wants to give anyone permission to invade their phone whenever they get ready. Specially with all the security flaws that facebook is having. The main app is enough.
Bobo nyo! Namimilit ampota!
Okey
Not so good!! We expect better than this
Exilent
Love it ! you better download it, fr
Why I can't use my msn in the same FB page like before? I hate that. I don't want to download the FB messenger.
I love it
Great to keep n touch!
Ffff
It asks to log in again when i want to send frienf request
its ok nt so good but. Iiked it.
Good and working fine
Excellent
F@&$ING tired of seeing "Facebook is not responding".  You just can't get it right.  :'(    I can't wait to get my net up and running on my computer again, then you A$$h0les will be UNINSTALLED! How am I supposed to use the app if it won't stay open for longer than a minute or so at a time?  Really?  Freakin' really?
Good social networking site
Really fast and great  on Wi-Fi
Gowrishankar
Opening fb from the ordinary browser much better and faster than the app ! To much old posts but when i open the web version i see the new posts tho the problem is the app !
U
Videos won't play
G8
ang panget nyo
This sucks it take up all yr phone free space
Can't see most of the photos and videos.
Its all about love.
Can't watch the videos... ._.
ANURAG, DixiT
Nice app
Love u Facebook
It Just Sucks
Zaardast
Facebook
Badia khant a
sayang
Nice..
Just got an update for my phone and when I download facebook it alwaysvsays incompatible update fix this
Would b betta if it quick kickin ppl out n freezin up as well as takin foreva to load things
Things were going well, but now the latest update has messed things up again. The newsfeed is not updating, images aren't loading, & comments aren't showing on many posts. It takes several attempts to get the newsfeed to refresh, if at all.  I'm being pressured to download the messenger app again. Didn't like it before. Don't want it now. If I'm forced into it, I'll just lose the app and use my browser.
Facebook is good but it installed very late
Ambitious n crazy 4 living luxiers life style....
Love It
:)
Kaleem
Not work
Good app but maybe add face timing to the app still love it though
D' best n fastest fb apps
The app asks for too many permissions... the app allows the management to use almost everything of the phone... it can access our pictures, videos, it can record our voices whenever it wants.. it can get access to our contacts and messages and logs and everything... you name it! This has to reflected upon.. we have no privacy
I love  it
Luv it
Still no option to default to most recent.  Apparently, whoever is responsible can't read.  Multiple comments expressing the same problem and nothing changes. Useless app. More updates. Same old crap. Again.
Nice
Great app
Don't like you can't change to most recent posts from front page
It's cool
Good
Bad, always crash

From looks of the bullshit Facebook is doing by forcing applications and updates and all the bad reviews I'm not going to install only reason for one star was so I could write this review so do your homework before downloading an application lol.
I don't want to have to download a new app just to read my messages. SO inconvenient. Please change back to normal.


It's ok
New update sucks on my android system. Crashes EVERYTIME it opens.
Good job
It crashes
Delilah Borden@ Gmail,com
Y)
I love fb
So awesome.....
can't to open messages .....
I'm addicted...my name is Jim
Upgading facebook
U need to install chat app in order to view chat msg... So fail...
Nice one
Life companion
Its good app
Fagcrooks
Not to bad... lol
cool .....
Good one
Good
Tnx
I like it
meh ..
Love it
Good
Switching into seperate application is not fast, dont force us to install another app it consume space in memory
Government conspiracy
Thanks
Iloved india
Facebook
Its a social website that lets you reconnect with old friends and family. No more waiting for the internet to load. Go to the facebook app and see everything faster. Messages, notifications, and posts.
why make us download other apps for messages? lol of yous.. uninstalling. bye bye.
Superb app
Agggghh!. Nice <3
Facebook
Can't see any picTures or videos. . Most of the time I can't even get my news feed to update!
Too late for open
I have a Galaxy S4 with plenty of GBs and SD card space, I know I'm not the cause of it running so slow and lagging. The design is spectacular but the biggest problem is how slow and lagging it is.
Bd
its a tool of mass communication which is acting as time killer.
Awesome. ..... vapro ne moj karo...
Its ok.again install
Cool
I. love  it  much.......
Best social
It won't play any videos at all plz fix
No thanks. I shouldn't be required to download another app to receive messages. It takes up needless space on my phone. FB already monopolizes way too much storage with each weekly (seemingly) update. I have to uninstall every time there's a new update JUST to use it.  And I'm constantly being told that I have no internet connection, even though every other app and internet necessary functions work just fine. I get it, technology is fast and ever changing. But its getting ridiculous.
Great to talk to friends
Nice app
In my phone is working good
I like Facebook bcoz he keep in touch with my friends
Yesssssssss

Why it keeps on updating but the performance is not good at all. Please fix this!!!
Older version cannot show video
This new update will not let me watch videos...It will let me watch one then after that say there was an error? 
Excellent
Love
Att
Fine
Nice app
I cant log in to Facebook since yesterday, Im using Nexus 7, my android fone still can use it normally, dont know how to fix :'(
The barbershop
Used to love it, but now i hate it. Its boring and monotonous and invades your privacy. I use my account solely to get credit on games that i play. That is the ONLY reason i have reinstalled.
Is a great app to have to communicate with people better.
Kalai umapathi
It's like awesome but the thing I don't like is writing the code
It is OK. U may try it.
Nice aps
Very bad....useing to much Ram.
I really enjoy it
I love to use fb one of my favourite wep site so far... I love it xxx
You are playing the monopoly role way too much! Your reign will end
Good working app
now i can play videos for my facebook account...
Yall request to have access to our private apps and messages thats not kosher. Clean it up FB
If I agree to accept this App, it violates my privacy, and accesses my personal information.. This needs to Change!!
Update every day smh Twice in one day? My notifications don't work!!!
Best fb app
Best site for time passing.
Would like to be able to check messages.
Good. Cool.
App is good but going very slow
Its greate i like it
Excellent
Vehleaan Nu Kam Laayeaa
the app is updated and, for now, it seems to be working okay. but wondering for how long?? ... but I need to keep reminding myself that this is a free site.
Wonderfull
I HATE MESSENGER!!!!
Luv it
Jennyalonso
Its not working in my mobile
The great social app
It keeps freezing. It shows the same stories and posts from days ago and had the newest posts way down. When I try to slide the screen down it freezes and I have to exit out just to read the same days old posts again.
Annoying app
T
Crashes constantly on the tablet when I check things on my page.  I use it on two different tablets.  Cannot like or comment on anything because it crashes.  I am on the go a lot and need it to be more reliable.
And best application but can,t dawonload video from this application
Ok
Way too slow!
No videos&messages
After long time i visited facebook app again hoping it will be good but nothing has been changed and now they force ppl to use messenger......
Remove facebook messenger it is so pathetic app, alway disturbing when im using facebook !!!!
Ok
Its very cool!!! Realy gr8 job guyzz..!!
I updated recently and it still didn't show when i have notifications. You need to fix this. And the lagging is not great either.
Much better with new update.but it would be nice to read top comments..please upgrade :(
I have had it installed on my phone for years, then with this update it requires me to install Messenger just to see all the messages I've been able to see on their previous 100 versions...
Awesome
Yadhav
Thank God for Facebook lol
I absolutely HATE that we are forced to download messenger if we want to use the message feature. The app does things without our permission which is a huge privacy issue. Thinking about deleting my account all together because i am so incredibly unhappy....
After the last 2 updates, the app keeps freezing and nothing can be done to stop the freeze except to restart the phone.
Good
I hate..
But too much update
Saami seelan
Very low...:-)
Even 4gb ram device is slow when using facebook
Liked
Suppp!
Good method to connect our family and friends.
Where's the latest or most recent updates in my newsfeed?
Excellent
BEWARE: it won't let you watch videos on fb!! Trash!
Ok
New version was quite helpful and looking for better opportunities in those versions
Really nice
I like Facebook
Thanks
"there was an error upfating your feed." wtf
Update sucks
Change the system its old
its cooollll
Its nt installing
Update will not allow pictures and videos to upload now.
Super
Love fb
It is very good application for our mobile we can do free messages it gotten much much better over the year or so.....!!!!!
Gud for use
Why are you divide messenger from FB application?
New update brings smooth ..
I hate the new thing where everytime i open a link i lose track of where i was in the news feed. It goes back to the top. I really don't want that :@
Totally awesome
Kujur
Its so annoying and the way i open it then its says force close and it cannot open ...fix this my phone is samsung pocket ...
Facebook
Good
Keep it cool guys
I am hating the fact you need to download messenger in order to inbox anyone, it is a waste of space and gives unneeded permissions, please fix
It's supposed to be faster but it's getting slower to upload photos and it's lagging and lots of time to load photos and videos unlike before. The update sucks!
its working
Very
Mast he
Good
(Y)
Ikw
Hi. Kindly make an update wherein i can also post photos in the comment section whenever i am using facebook in my mobile phone. Thank you very much! Aside from this issue, this is a good app. By jhe way, my phone is Sony Xperia L. Thanks again! Will be waiting for the update! By the way, 4 star because the app crashes often.
It's ok on times but some times it lags and just crashes for a minute or 2  - HTC Desire S
Good but freezes up alot
So many app permissions and takes up loads of memory
boom panes
NOT WORKING
Ateeq Iqbal
Like it
Love the app. The features are great.
it always work fast love this app
Can't get the notifications
Facebook is a nice communication to our family who are in abroad so thank you for making facebook and i realy like facebook.
Keeps freezing up when I scroll through and it gets to a video. I can't scroll down and the page gets stuck. Constantly force closes almost every time I'm using it.
fantastic
Everyone should be on it
I simply refuse to download it.  I have enough apps. Don't need one more.  I liked it together since its one platform to communicate.  I've thought about turning off Facebook all together because of this.
Cant watch videos with new updat on lg g2
Very good app!!!!!!!!!!!
With new update my phone continually crashes and freezes. Un installing
Awesome!
Slow loading...cant see pictures even i will use it by wifi...ufff!!!
Freezes constantly & has for months but nothing seems to be done. Like I said its FB... where else do u have to go.
Amazing to connect with fr nds
I cannot download it again give me answer
Best
Can't play videos from the last update, on LG Verizon v930 spectrum ll mobile, please fix it
Why do I have to install Facebook Messenger to see the messages?!! Facebook better fix this!
Still Missing tons of things on my news feed. And now I can't play videos either.
Since the last update this app doesn't load anymore, I've uninstalled and reinstalled it so many times with no luck and getting it to work, something you've do to the app has broken it on my phone. I use Facebook everyday for my Job.
I cant play any video posted on facebook..glad if this problem solve
Nice
Want the older version!
Beautiful UI. Fast. Smooth.
The features of this new update are ok but it is hanging too much and it also slow down my phone.....I love facebook but after this update I occasionally use this app.....
best the bast
My mobile doesn't have very much space. How can i download these both apps. Messages are not visible.those are covered by a get app page. Please remove this bug
nice
Really enjoy
Nice
This is one of the best app ever made i really like this app thanks for uploading this app
Love
Kompong Thom
beautiful
For that bullshit messenger problem -_-
love this app every time
When i update it seem cool anmol
I CANT WATCH VIDEOS!!!! COME ON
Exillent
Sharmin love
Shiva.jat
Finally after two months of complaining videos finally work!!! Well done. We got there eventually.
Superb
U no I don't y people don't like this app I this app is good no not good great when I'm on the go this app is comes in handy  I give this app 5 stars
This is good apps
I can't watch videos. Everytime I try, I get an error stating there was an unexpected problem. I had to uninstall the update and use the factory version of Facebook.
It take Alot of My phone Memory!iDislike it?its Very Slow
Is good to used
Awsome!!
Always good to have some improvements. I am actually glad they still work on that !
nice
Friend findaer
Good
It helps me keep in contact with my family around the country.
Most
doesnt work
Curse you to the firey pits of the underworld.
This update is doo doo. Not able to.view most external links. Glitchy, vids and pics barely load. Very buggy.
Very good
like
Hang
update is very problem for ma phone make my phone to be hard to working
Loved it
ThesinguRaja
:D
LOVE IT......
Its not too good

Good apps
I can't watch videos anymore since the facebook updated on my phone very upsetting
Cool
Happy
Might delete if this apps hunger fr food doesn't stop
No better social site,it's the best!
I hate that I have to download messenger to message people because u know Why see my rewiew in messenger
Reinstate my Facebook
It's not working properly.
Easy
Installed
Make it work and ill raise the rate.
Vest of Google
First
999
I love it
Still a POOR update!
Fanatic
Do not link it I do not use facebook like brfore VK same as FB and am gonna use it
please fix it team FB! videos wont play on my lg optimus g. :( i will rate five star if the videos will be fixed. ASAP!
Big ve

Much better after the updates but still...
Do yall really need 2 b dat nosey Facebook??? It was all good jus a few updates ago... Im tired of fb app keep freezin nd shuttin dwn... U made ur money now let us njoy our friends nd family plus evrything else MESSENGER.....
This app is awsm
Good
Please change the facebook because in this Facebook from 2 weeks facebook have many errors
Fine aap
Ever since i upgraded to kitkat and the latest major update of facebook. Facebook app has been crashing crashing and crashing.
Great
App is very very nice
Cincong lu coeg...!!!! Balikin fb yg dulu....pake messenger ngelag anzenggg...!!!!!
Forcing people to get apps they don't want is a poor business model
I can't message any more? Have to install a separate app for this now... Why? It worked fine before!
Latest update sucks.  Freezes then crashes....
Why do you need all that stuff for my phone?

The only problem i have with the latest revision is i can't turn on our off individual from the edit friends list.
While tagging photos,app is not responding
Arellano
very good
Facebook
So good
Very nice
it can't watch the videos!
Can't watch videos anymore
Nice
nice
Very nice social apk
I can't watch videos, not even videos I uploaded! I hate the messenger app. Go back to the way it was and stopped changing it
This is so Cool~! My couzins love it as much as i XD
Excellent social aaps
Good
Screw d person behind this thot to force ur messenger service.. it eats up another chunk of internal memory...atlest put a option to move to sdcard.               screw u fb!!
Good
I Love Facebook, I Be On This App 25/8
Nice I like f.b
Good
Facebook is death of us all
baba
I Love The Fb App. But I Hate That You Can Not Read Your Messages Unless You Download The Messenger App. Its Freakin Dumb! 
Great job done...I like it but some more improvement required
Very good applicatio for socil communication
Will ban u for anything I got a 30day ban for posting something that I didn't post
Like it
Why the app crashes when you select a video to play...tis shld b fixed immediately
Good
Very bad
If there is a FACE PALM REMARK ON THIS.. I WILL BE HAPPY TO DO THAT IN THIS APPLICATION
Love it as long as my account does not get hacked or i sign into somebody elses account.
Please help me.... My news feed always said trouble loading. But its only in my news feed ... I can still see my message and notification... I hope you can help me...thanks
Ok app
Can not zoom any status
Its awesome onn a rate of 1-100 i give yall 100
Fb com
App is too slow!
Can't watch videos now since the new update. Wtf?
Just got the new update for phone,  Facebook.was missing,  and it won't install
More complications now than before as it cant be simple or being smooth..
The new permissions include email, web access, phone calls, calendar, text messages you name it Facebook phone app can see it.  Sucks I enjoyed it too.
When picture are viewd they either freazze or close and the second app doesnt work on my phone also false online stuas pop up
There is problem that without downloading  facebook messenger the inbox of facebook app is not opening , Plz make it correct as first.
Error while downloading needs to fix some dwnlng errors
Very nice app making communication with my all buddies
A gluttonous pig of an app. Doesn't load to  or run from sd card or phone memory, just hogs internal. Runs when you don't want it-@ boot. Kill it, it just restarts. I have uninstall it to be able to update any of the few, much smaller apps.
Not at all good
One of the major problems with this app is that when you decide to share a link for your friends to see, it doesn't upload to your timeline or display the link. At most, it just shows as a status without the link...
Very nice ....
Worst!!!!
Usama
Look good
Most recent should be a general setting. The messenger thing you can bypass
I love it
Good
Vry interestn.......
Great networking with my colleagues connecting to friends and family
Awensome app
The Facebook app won't work on xperia E1 after I updated to android 4.4.2
Chan joi cho1s la may joi
LOVE FB!!!! <3
Facebook
Nice
Little problem i cant download it
Amazed
Easy to find friends & some one
V good
Islam
Gud
Nice
Good app
I DONT LIKE IT ALWAYS NOT WORKING
Nice website
Esta bien la aplicacacion es muy pesada y consume mucho espacio
Could be better
NYC app
Great
Here we go again another Facebook page is blocking I can't open the links  from the new s feed! History repeat it self!!! Please fix this Facebook!
Best brillant
I updated my Facebook now I can't watch video y'all need to fix this ASAP
Videos don't work,  and please finaly make changes so you can share a video in private message or messenger
Can't play videos
Msg
Dx
The updated version is not convenient to use. It hangs often, always says not responding. It freezes a lot and sometimes cant see photos on chats. Please fix it or bring back the old versions. Its much better. :'(
Don't want to see old post. Do add the option between recent post and top story.
Always forced close . So i need to uninstall and then install again! What a waste !!
Suparb bichdoko milata he
Comments are in a loop, like wtf? Why is this even a thing? Videos take forever to play. You can't block people on the app. No recent updates, everything is from the day before and irrelevant. Gosh how can I even depend on the app
Nice app  but somethings its irritating coz it doesnt work properly
Can't watch videos anymore. All I mostly see are old posts...what's it with these new updates every week?
Got an update last night, can't even get the app to start. Unloaded and reloaded with the same result.  Just hangs and get a Facebook not responding message.
Very slow..
Its hard to post my updates. I want the older version of facebook app..i can't even upload my photos..
Love it
After updating the app its has a message saying sorry,an error has occurred while trying to play this video,no longer can i watch Facebook videos.
But why dose't videocall
Too many changes thats unneccessary
CAN'T WATCH VIDEOS!
ok
lechumi ventheh
Sana
Diz version sucks y dnt u bring bck the oldr 1
Not showing when writing my status pls fix it and when my friends add emoji to there're status I can't see it but when I use the operamini I see it pls fix
Veri
Pictures aren't clear..please fix it..thank you
Amazing
Fb is not good.please add old Facebook app
I like it
Too much data consuming
Being a social network its really good experience.
Not bad
Good simplified
Chatting option missing. ..
Siip
Its good and great.
Its create problem in chat. We have to download messenger for chatting. Its nice bt not to much better
Nice and easy
Its very stupid that you have to download the messenger! And even more stupid then I can't read my messages unless I have messenger. That's forcing someone to get what they don't want to stay connected. I can't believe it.
I can message ppl directly from fb im forced to use the spying app messanger which is not happening so goodbye fb
Gud
Why its storage goes to 63.99 mb
Love it !!,,
Haha
How to save videos. .?
Good
Its a goooooooooooooood app
If I will do data clear, automatically it will take data again.
Best time ever
Gg
I like FB , I can't download video this app
Hmm gd
I love this app
It freezes and you log in or out it just sucks
fb
Doesn't respect privacy
Ok
Outstanding
Worked fine until latest update, now won't open at all, just white screen. Samsung galaxy s
Very good
nenless summer
It's still moving to slow for login
Reallly good !!!
we can't watch any videos....
Crash monster!!!
:-)
Love it!
Pakistan
Sorry sorry pucho gang gaba im story baby lonely im so lonely lonely eigh eigh anya
To much problem with new update if you open a new page then you go back then Facebook is not open
Keeps kicking me off
I have one Facebook app already, I don't want your crap messenger program on my phone as well
I cant see my messages on my chat because itmwants me to get messenger but I dont w@nt it!!???
Fine social media app witch gives resent updates
Seems okay
Great way to stay in touch with family and friends.
Exceelent
Good
Awesome apps
Why does  fb need to use my camera to take dam pic when they feel like it. Why is fb snooping ??
Why not let ME choose what my default feed is ?!  Why as a default option would I want MY last update as the top item in my feed ? Last 2-3 updates have been rubbish, its just giving me random posts. Let me know when you fix this cause for now i'm uninstalling off my phone and tablet and only using the web version.
Mast hai
Wow,it's amazing
New updates are awesome!!
View video facebook
Very bad
Now facebook is soooooo boring but  I love it veryyy much
Good
Download
great app
I dont see new status deleted again
But bad
Wow amazing
Noob
Always force close-.-
Great
I prefer the older version better.
Good
Why are you forcing us to download the other app for private messaging? Don't want it. Stop forcing us to do this....
I love it
Taras
I hate this aap. - . -
Good
So nice
Better
It is the most popular social website in the whole world
Awesome...
Nyc Application
Dont show last update i cant see the newest feed please fix it
In one month Facebook has two updates.. And it takes much more memory. Please fix these. Hated it. I don't update Facebook. Protest against Israel. I request to to you please fix this. Facebook is not responding. A big grey screen is appear. And Facebook shut off from the screen 4-5 times ever.
Woahhh...! Boompanes..cool...its nice app to communicate and connect people to each other its either share ur photos or what else.
Cant play video, otherwise satisfactory.
Videos don't play
Amazing
Constant tinkering and incessant invasive adverts make this crap infested site a pain to use.  Its a shame so many people use.  There opportunity for clean new social media site
IT IS JUST FACEBOOK YES                  wow
Cant check messages now facebook app it say that you need to install messenger for chatting, this is bulshit. Forcing us to install messenger beyond our wish.
Just ok but should be use only for good manner and not to expose or cause pain to people
Just bring the messaging function back. Thanks.
Love is everthing
It's awesome
Love
Easy to accessss
Had it for years it crashed and told me to uninstall ,now cant install it keeps saying error-24 was working 15mins ago now cant use it , saying error 923
Please! Don't force us to download the messenger app.
Why so many updates, yet you never fix the real problems. Listen to the people!
Whao!!!
No comment
This is so bullshit!
Good
update
baik
very good but app
The Best Place to enjoy yourself and find new friend
. The accuracy
There should be options to manage the chat list according to our needs, online friends should come up on top of the list. Please work on this. Thanks!
Video player freezes , images are blury when viewed on landscape mode and lastly why would you force us to download another app just to view our messages or reply to it, it doesnt help but it gives us a hardtime to use this app. 1 star for now.
Ramji
Constant updates suck...and im still seeing posts from days ago. Dont like it as much as i used to when you could choose top stories or most recent.
So much fun
Super
Facebook app is very good for connecting with friends and family.
Face love
Good
I love it plss work :((((
Please fix it
stop error
They are using us to use their new intrusive messenger. Deleted Facebook app. We should not be forced to download more apps!!!
It is good app. But need to add filter to stop unwanted new feeds. nowadays many more unwanted new feeds are published. It is really making bore. I want to see my friends only
Good
cant send video to a friend

Best social media
Ok
Last update makes the app keep crashing...one before couldnt watch videos.
Good but the update storage is so big
New ui is so irritating. ..
Best app ever but I rate it three stars because its really hard to log in
I like ths beta than messenger. .and the call is g00d
love it
Nice
Everything works completely fine apart from when i click on videos they always say error, i have to tap them at least 5 times before they play and then half way through do the same thing
i dont like it
Best
Good update
samsung Ace aaps for tha fucar
Mint
Looks good for this app
I love it most of my family i dont see are on here and i get to talk to them thanks
You are required to download messenger to read and use messages. I would give this a 5* if this service worked
In my phone is slow.. i hate slow.. :( and notification is didn't work and to many consumption ram..
Great app
Kill all my ram . WTF. Don't update the latest version.
To show
This app does not let you read and reply to your messages and forces you to download a crap app named messenger. I had a bad time with that bloody app. So removed that. But I still use this app only to share photos. Couldn't give more than two stars.
why i have to download another app to chat ? why ?? And it also takes to much space on my phone ! Fix these things !
Nice app
The app can't move to sd card so that the app consume more space , can you fix it
face book Nw Ur app was very slowly ... i don't like Ur app. its very wost ... message box also not working properly ... its too bad ...
:-(
Can't change passward
I can no longer play videos through this app on my LG G2.... Other than that I love the app. Email sent.
Very well
Nice
Facebook messenger slowed down my tab and destroyed my WiFi connection now I cannot chat. Please just make it one app.
By far the WORST update yet it lags something horrible, vids don't play, nothin loads it is UNRESPONSIVE all around HORRIBLE!
Thanks
Better after the update
If I can't send messages from it, I don't need it in my phone
I dont need a messenger to get fast.. all i need just a regular facebook..
Let now install
D update is not gud I can't see my messages it tells me to download messenger
There is no way in the world this app requires that much access on a phone. This is basically a backdoor for them to scan your phone for better tarveted ads.
Ok
Every 2nd day Updating updating what rubbish??? I Can't open directly f.b after updating plz stop updating nd solve dis problem thank
This newest update crashes and stalls. Facebook freezes and then my phone freezes. Check facebook through your internet browser not this app!!!
Exelent social app
Dislike not having the option to use messenger without the app
Slow, sluggish, all images are slow to load, video too. Images are stretched to the entire screen with most blurry and pixelated. Too many places you can't touch because it will open comments when you are trying to scroll. Like, Comment tabs too small. Interface poorly laid out and dated. No options to modify, I can go on but it doesn't get any better. For a huge corporation this is a poor representation of their technology.
Taking to long to download the app
Wicked deffinetly download
Not fully functional
Very good
Beter then
Suppppeeeeerb
Its great and more advanced but sometimes it doesnt respond
Wakwau
I don't want messenger .I will not get it . But if this forcing thing going on I'll  deactivate my account ,  there is lots of ather app to  communicate and talk to ppl. Keep it simple , I might give u bettr rate.
Keeps getting hacked in
It's awesome
Video calling facility wd
SSS
Keeps freezing even after uninstalling and reinstalling
I love it !!
But the top of my feed shows yesterday's stories and won't stick to most recent. At least I can change that setting on my laptop, but I can't get the most recent stories on my phone
Liked
phyo
Won't let me watch videos - billon pound company sort it out
Font was way too small to read and couldnt be increased.
You want me to download a messanger which you shouldn't need.Just another application which uses more memory. Not Happy!!!!
I don't wanna have to get messenger to message my friends. Please change without back
Stop making us  download messenger!!! Why would you ruin a good thing FACEBOOK
Cant watch videos. Kind of one of the reason i have a facebook. It would be higher when they fix this
It sucks!
Yeah!
Its brilliant
Love it
Hate putting apps needlessly on my devices. Bring the messages back, please.
Teenastanis
Thinks
Very usefull
Dipty (nini)
Video
loved  it
Definitely faster & better
Since last update videos and pics will not download.  Not pleased anymore with Facebook. ..so I deleted it off of my phone. I first deleted the messenger because it used all of my battery by lunch my phone is always dead.  Now since deleted I don't have to charge my phone till I go to bed and it still has life. Like everything else in the world... great until they get big then try to add stuff just to mess things up
Why i should install this messenger it's very annoying that i must installed 
Good
Great app
Great for catching up and toilet breaks
Im not about all the foolishness, I'm more about my BUSINESS!
Tnx
jlpjpta
All good
Gud has to improve..
Building ships n oil platforms it good to keep in touch with people u don't see any more
Poor poor poor
All kinds of issues with this latest update.  Need a fix ASAP!
Buang
Why we have to use the messenger  :@ please fix that :/ i dont want to see messenger :@
Sometimes new updates of it makes hard for me to use. There were some changes that makes me confused on how to use it.
Nice improvments
Best
Go to play store everytime i swap my phone.. ggrrrrr..
The app doesn't even launch!!!  =@
Sometimes videos won't play
Everyone sais its slow and bad but its great , for me.... Nice app :)
Football
Jayzala
All world in room
Has access to our microphones and cameras, refuse to keep on my phone
I like it
Great thinG
I can't view a picture with it's full resolution ... It stays blurry for ever ... Stop joking around and do something you lazy people !
Excellent
Never updates anymore thanks for this crap.
Meet each another
Why messgenger for messges
It not too goob.....it is too slow...
Bagus dalam segala hal dari sudut perkembangan minda dan tugas harian kecuali pergaulan sosial yang terlampau terbuka masa kini dan ia patut dipantau dan diawasi demi masa depan remaja untuk masa depan remaja.
Amazeeeerrrr
Jowk
Works flawlessly on my phone
Bane
Hfhh
Excellent
good
ok
My Samsung Note 3 Neo's battery lasts 2 days until I installed this app. Drains battery so fast. Uninstalling.
I can't see all incoming notifications.. Every time i tap on it, it show other status i commented before.. Please fix it
Malapuram
Not good
I like this becouse i connect the more friends.
What is the reason that this app needs to have the ability to be able to record audio, take pictures, and video at random.....i have deleted it i will just use my browser instead.
Stop upgrading it for more of the same crap.. Upgrade it so it consumes less data & requires less memory space in my phone. Ohh & now the messenger is apart.. Yeah, not a good idea.. Just keeps me from using Facebook as a method to keep in contact with my family & use other apps..

Its ok..love it..its much much better...injoy this app...prove...
Dead on
Super
What the @#%&...
sucksss!
Jai
Baket di maka install :3
previous version was so much better!!
Please fix or reverse the latest update. The widget that let's you see status updates is nice for quick updates. You used to be able to click on them to go to that person's page to see the full status update and leave a comment. Now when you click on it the app just refreshes the regular news feed. You then have to search for the person to get back to the status you wanted to see or comment on. Please fix this
Should be case sensitive to ignorant people and things that are published on FB.
Using browser is better than this.....This app is hanging always and goes into not responding mode and get crashed..... Fix that bug.....!
My Facebook fun
:3
Nice app¡­¡­wht i want is all there in this app¡­¡­
Beautiful
Not loading fast but OK
Cant watch any videos smh
Always says force close!
???? What the hell are you thinking its worst than ever
Good...
APP
Facebook
Its the foundation of social networking. AWESOME!!!!
It's  very  useful  to  all.
Nice app
Working Gr888888!!!
Itz sooo hot
Fit
Can't change the about settings
Nice to see you there
It keeps freezing and shutting down.
Satyam
just one word "good "
I loved it
Little slower
Ilike it and iam crazy about it
satisfac...
It's a small miracle every time recent versions of this app opens. And when it does, it's even more of one when it doesn't "force close."
I can't installeddd
:)
Ameer shan is writing this is
Hard 2 download
Facebook deliberately cripples the main app to force users into installing a secondary app and therefore taking up even more system resources as it goes through your private data. Not cool
it was good because it was easy to find n gave me pictures too see what it would be like
I love it
Fb
Its updates r not at all fixin anthng...
What the fck have you done Facebook?!!  My god, when I try to go to my messages my news feed comes up there I can no longer have conversations without installing messenger! What was the idea of having two news feed boxes by taking away my messages?!!!!? If you are trying to make Facebook as bad as possible, you have achieved. Nice going guys. NOT!
Excellent app
Bh
Good but ram usage high
Funy
good
cant watch videos. had to uninstall and reinstall. hope it fixes the problem. if not deleting. very disappointed.
nice,but cannot do a video call on fb app.
It got better
i really disappointed wit the new update i use Facebook every hours cos i like to shear my moments wit all my family  and friends at far, but the last update make me so so disappointed!!  i can't upload my videos!!  its upload until full than its upload again repeatly... pls fix it... cos Facebook is one thing make my far friends near...  !!!!
Nyc.to.use
Good app..
Facebook android
Since last 2-3 updates it doesn't take me to the home screen but it keeps me with the "Setting up Facebook" message for minutes and minutes. My phone is LG L7 II (P710).
Much better
Vry bad
This not working it all
I think its a great up. It can be slow sometimes but otherwise it's very good. But I hate that when I click on it it loads but it looks like it logged me out. 
Excellent but some time not working
5 star
good
More approve
Rajibabu
NO HPRRIBLE APP EVER CREATED eats up CPU and takes RAM off my phone its takes the space i need to use it and then says clear more space to use FB i said no what space your taking all of it so i can barely use it so.i deleted it one minute its 21.7 next its already 7.5 i was shocked so im no longer a.face book person!
Failed to install several times
Good
Else
Hhh
Mst
Slow   speed plz.Improvements
Rubbish app,hangs the mobile
Very fast
Awesome
It's okay.
Can't tag multiple people while uploading a photo. UI is still not user friendly. No home button. Going to the home page from a group conversation requires multiple pressing of the back button. Moving messaging to another app was a terrible move.
Facebook
Needs more improvement. My facebook on mobile android I9 automaticaly stops.
Sharma
loved it
Very bad i dont like it at all. Its rubbish,the old version was awesome. I think you should listen to the people view and change the theme it really sucks...
Awesome
Like

Good
my feverate app
Kindly add option to change friend setting.. like who can see you friend list. Also add repositioning of the cover photos..nd desktop view option
User friendly
Khamano
can't watch videos
500 million and got 4 stars? Yes or course, its worth it. 1 app runninh with 140MB of ram.
Best way to share
Yes
Since updates the newsfeed is way too slow..shows old posts from a week ago. Cant always watch a video. Even resetting my phone FB still doesnt do what it should. Thanks for screwing up an app that was fine in the first place
Great
Good
All of a sudden I can't watch the videos.
Haaaaa....
It was great! But after this last update , it won't work properly...it is extremely slow and I can access pretty much everything except the new feeds!
I love facebook''But I don't want to install messenger app please take it out every time l open my fb its there and forcing me to install it f**k..so l have to uninstall and install fb again & again just to get rid of this f***ing messenger thing!!!plss..take it out...""
Not yet optimised for tablets,  very tiny text and there is no way you can adjust the text within the application
sometimes i cant update news feed... fix
I
Idk that why the storage capacity each time i use it, Now i am uninstalling it because FB on Browser is faster and far better than FB App
Can't watch video's with newest update!
How dose this have 4 stars?!?
Good way to keep in touch
Nic
After last update i cant post pictures. Just in process...loading....fix please
It's great....
I can no longer watch videos. And now I have to use a messenger. So disappointed.
Nice
Alla
But why does it need to know everything about me and my phone.
Wow
Grt...
God will make a way where there seems to be no way
Toomush bugs lag and nonew stuff ....
V good
It'd be better if you could share music from YouTube without it being copyright infringement. Other than that this wud be the best.
App
Love it
Ya
D
It suddenly stops loading videos and pictures so I have to force close it, now I can't even check my messages without downloading Facebook messenger and I'm a bit concerned about my privacy. I'm using this on my Google Nexus 7 tablet 2013 btw. Please fix everything, we want the old Facebook back.
superb.....
Nice
nice all memmbers have to download it to easy opening facebook
Good
I love Facebook
Very gud
Who dosent like facebook? Best app ever.
Ow3some
Not so good,........
Is good application
It not availbe when i use data mobile internet
Nice
Yung new update ngayon ay sobrang panget, ang tagal mag  downloud nakaka inis
Awsuummm
It's good. Slightly better than using the mobile site. But, like a lot of other users, I detest how we've been forced into using Messenger as well. Another app to bloat my phone. Please change back FB to give us the freedom of choice or was it because people weren't using Messenger that it was forced upon us?
Add reply to comment option
The app doesn't save your place if you leave the app via a link, and then return. Previous versions returned you to where you left off.
Thanks again for your business.
Balley balley balley...
fine
Bc I Dont want the new message app I can't c my messages.... annoying
Needy apps
My love kk
Superb app !!
Its good but its take too much time to install.
pesimo servicio los videos de atoran el servidor colapsaw eba mejoren su app
Owsum
Acha va
Nice. But not best
I love this app
There is no reply on the comments. Opera mini is better .. Fix this and i'll give 5stars :)
Liked it
Refresh not update
Can't watch video after the latest update!
It is always stack
This app used to be helpful nd now it just sucks. You have deleted the messaging part completely which is stupid. This app along with the FB Messanger spies on the users. If I didn't have family who I don't see due to distance, I would delete my page nd get rid of this app completely. It's a scam nd is not safe..
good
Better
In-app browser sucks, like really does...
Mega
Impressive
VERY COOL
It takes up so much space and i cant even see any videos on it.
too slow. I prefer to use browser
S4
It's absolute nonsense that I am being forced to download a whole other god damn app, that wants access to nearly ALL of my phone, just so I can send a bloody message to people on facebook EVEN THOUGH IT WAS JUST FINE THE WAY IT WAS -.- Not happy with any of this crap facebook, so I'm uninstalling your app.
I can't watch videos now. Always an unknown error for some reason after the newest update. Sucks but I guess I'll have to wait.
Old vertion update pl..z
Im addicted with this app...love.it
Loads very slow or want load at all.
Good
Works good
Good veary veary veary veary veary veary veary veary veary veary veary veary veary veary veary vearygoooooooooood
Fantastic

sarban
Cant wache videos newest updet wont play them cant use emojis when I share
Excellent
musalmani ki tabahi hai mere bhai bacho is fitne se
Very good
Well but make the design and performance more reliable! Hope than, it well be a app for 5star ! Thanks :)
Great app
Maxxxa
I love this site of facebook
Not liking these updates first the bs with the manager and now my vids won't play and my timeline shows old crap not the most recent

Superb
My best
Facebook is a great way to keep in touch with family and friends. Love facebook immensely
Cant watch videos anymore or see most pictures. Myspace here i come,
Please add emotion switch like Facebook messenger  in status bar & comments bar.
Facebook
simran kanojia
Super
Sagara attaragama
Problem in sending request plz correct it otherwise it is great app

Can't see any of my personal details or my likes after last update please sort it
I think i like facebook
Ilike it
It is great
Good
WTF! The app just removed itself.. really now? What a waste
Worst version of the app. Doesn't load up my news feed properly, misses hours out at a time. I just go on the Internet now and am going to delete this app until a decent version comes along.
This app keeps saying Facebook is not responding
lyk it...
awesome
Nice
Interesting AAP
Best app
2 apps for facebook should be optional not forced..-.- I don't need an app for news feed and an app to talk to people so facebook is just annoying now.
I wouldnt even give it a star becousenit wont let me install it onto my samsung tab 3! Please help sort it out ?
So slow and error.
Mastt
Complete rubbish app
Keeps going to a black screen and doesn't work, I then have to wait 5 minutes until it loads again. Fix it!
Its siimply gud u no
Something stck that only porblam
Always crashing!!
I like you.......
Niamatullah Ad
Since the last update the upload speeds have been made faster.
Thanks
Exelent
Facebook
Cool
Anshuyajoshi
Good App
Gift
In regards to the last two updates, the app has been relatively unstable and fails to even load most of the time. Please fix this and I will restore my five star rating.
Good
I can't use emoji
Cooolll
Who is stupied more than this app and more than the developer. ?? This app takes 90MB of ram and showing only white pages
:)
Very nice apps
Jast mb parvadat nahi...
This app is great and I love the new style. What I don't like? I can't sort out my news feed anymore. I like reading what's recent news, not what's popular. And one more thing, The videos load and play without me having to do anything. I don't like that! Other than that, wonderful app.
things i always do
Its good.
Actually I didn't used this app. Till now,but I think it will be good
jashimuddin
Happiness
Best app but it says after sometime that you have to  download messenger if not thens your chat logs can't be opened                                "PLZ LOOK INTO IT" else evrything is best
Fast
Wow
Lol
Its very good app for facebook
very fast
So easy to connect vt our frnds
When I first signed up for Fb, I loved finding old friends & family. Now, if I want to send a private message to them, I have to have another app. I have enough crap in my life & tried your new Messenger...more crap. It eats up RAM & makes my mobile a better paper weight than a smartphone! I hate the way the timeline works...which kind of stupid thought that this would be better? Really?  Contemplating just getting rid of it all...
This is what happens when fools monetize your private information.
nice
Boleh la guna tapi untuk kebaikan la
Ok
Its ok
Loved it
Very slow and frequently not respond and force stop of this app
Wow
The best app ever(;
Nice Application.
Hay
The update is awesome and I love it
Uninstalled messenger and refuse to update. Having Facebook on my phone is convenient, but if my privacy not only on Facebook, but rather my entire phone continues to be compromised I will eventually be uninstalling the entire application. It's not worth the mindless posts and endless scrolling. On a side note, I unchecked the "install automatically" option for this app, so why is it every time I'm connected to wifi Facebook tries to update? So frustrating.
All
homemat23
Whatever you've done in this update has completely killed all loading for me. For one of the richest guys in the world i thought they would of hired some good programmers.
New version is l'll bit better
Needs a way to change newsfeed from most popular to most recent.
it's very best and popular app
Not 4 Good
Love it
better than before....
Very good
Super .i likes to enjoy Facebook
Love it
Great app..!! There should be option to transfer to ex memory card.. to get 5..
iloveit
Neeraj Chaturvedi
Little change but still need more
Keep getting an error message, even factiry reset my phone. Smh
Good App
About icon disappeared in my profile and in some friends too. Dont't know how to restore it
Its not working properly
Getting slow again
Cant watch videos! Update sucks.
helpful
Fine
U
Good job
It's good application!
Koss
Loved it
I like it
Takes forever to download other then that great app
Okay
Akashmandele
it qont download!!!!! it just keeps saying error..i can download any other app but this.i had this before but got delwted and now it wont redownload??
Can not play video! Please fix
Nice
Every time I play a video it only plays the music and doesnt show picture unless the volume key is used, Fix immediately. LG Optimus g
Videos are not playing
Won't play videos at all!!!
It so social
it is not posible to copy text matter how it posible reply once
Feeds dont work... removed the app :)
I love it
Facebook
Yaar mja aagya fb. Chalane ka kasam se
Facebok Update
Lkd
Just the fact that you can't change the news feed to most recent makes this useless. I'm just going to use the mobile site instead.
..at least for now it is
Why do I need 2 apps instead of 1?!?!?! I never use messanger because I'm never online to chat. I need to have an option to comunicate wiht peaople whenever I want. Bring us back messages option in fb app.
Constantly crashes
Goooood
Over the app sick of it taking all my resources 100mb of storage and 60 - 100Mb of ram running in the back ground at all time so I'll live off chrome fb
Can't play  videos and evry weekly update asking nevar good.
Nice
22222222 guddddddd
Nice
Terbaik
improve it.. i cant open it thru my lenovo a800
I love it
its nice!!
All my worst to f**kbook, unfortunly i have too many contacts that do not have google plus and i have too keep using it
Exlent
Okay only if you like this
Always facebook not responding !!
Nikhil
Fantastic
Saya sangat sayangkan dya lebih dari diri sendiri...love you abg...
Nice app
Not exellent is soo quite but nit share and see videos ...... to see videos to help u tube....
Salchna
After using whatsapp I think Facebook is booring
Adnan pyara
U want me to install another app for msg? Gfy. Uninstalled.
After downloaded it my fone hangs too much plz yaar solve this problem then i give 5stars...
Wonderfull

Good app
Unable to load fb..takes too much time to start..have proper net connection but yet shows error..plz fix it asap..thank u..
Fb was just fine before we HAD to download another app just to msg ppl. Expect 1 star from me from now on until things go back to normal.
Except
faiyaz
Brilliant
Heavy app
In all
Good but need some more improvements
spying on everything in your device
Please fix it.
Cool
Cool
Awesome application. Our world is one. Thanks FB.
forcing us to download your second app made my RAM hogged and my battery drain so fast
Rishi bast
This is awesome
Nice....
In which video can b played on mx player..or it can b downloaded from es downloader..
Why can't watch video? Tell me!
This version of Facebook is difficult to use and I don't like this. I think previous one is much better
Nyc n gud app
Thanks
Its good but you can not watch videos. It could be better if  you can do something about it

ash
Very poor.slower than the tortoise
Widout messenger v cnt chat.........d worst function
amarpatel
Can't watch videos. It sucks.
Thats nice
Its nice
Vatshb
This apps is good
I am starting to dislike your app altogether. You screwed up my messenger, what next? Maybe it's time to break the chains that bind us together. Your app makes enemies of friends, I for one am thinking about uninstalling it .
I LOVE IT VERRY MUCH
Msaiful
Awesome
Cool
I loved it
Male
Woow
Cant watch my videos on facebook
Facebook
SoooooooooOOOOOOO dumb app
K
This is a good app
Its good apps
After every update it gets slower I had to downgrade to v2.3
Ever seen worst application
I loved it
Excellent
Can't watch video's anymore hardly use it now
Good
Has issues with the GS3 & 4 but the g$3 has apps that new tech. Will by legal limitation never have.
;)
Nicely
Can't play videos.
We cant open messages without downloading messenger
Its too good
Radhe
This app msg speed not well ....news feed take much time..
T
You should change it so you dont have to get messenger cause I dont have a phone number and it asks for one
I hate this is much go die in a fire facebook u took my entire family away I am going to write a letter
I liked video playback while scrolling news feed but recently is keeps freezing and crashing. Please fix.
dashin
Ammunition
Ali Raza
Good, not bad...nice
All good accept for one thing. Really slow and laggy and no way to refresh pages.
Happy to use it
It is installing and it says incompatible update
I have used it it is very very good
I had to reset my phone and now I can't even download this app
Sense last update can't chat without installing Facebook massenger.... hell :/
Nice
Awesome!!!
Good
Nothing is working properly
Good
It take not only all the phone/sd space , it take also all the phone memory. I uninstall the app and my phone feels so fast.. but use the browser to get into fb its even worst a real nightmare use that interface
Slow tOo much
NEW UPDATE SUCKS NO STAR'S FOR YOU TILL YOU FIX !!!!!
super
Good and easy to use
Good app
Facebook zainishaq333
App its good but takes a lot if space on my phone please go back to the older version :-\
Can't watch videos....
Best like this.apk.Thanks;
Update
Can't see the pics. They keep changing. Please fix. Thanks.
Its very slow
Nice
It blows.
I use it for my work.
Gooooooood
Love it.....
need more speed!!
great app
Why i cant open facebook in my phone
Amazing app, easy to use. Get this app and you won't be dissapointed.
Nice user for all
Its good
Its nice for samsung sII
Great
Of time
Easy to use
Loy
Hard time getting this to work. Frustrating !!!
When I'm reading my news feed, it will go back to the very top at random points or when I open a link. Very annoying. Doesn't show everything
I like this apps
<3 <3
It stopped plating videos on a lg optimus 980.  It gives error:  a unknown error has occured.  Today is the first time it wouldnt play any videos. Youtube still works though.
This App is Awesome!!!!!
Bbs
Great app as new updates are released. I use it daily
Naushad
Loved it
Veri intresting app
Great
I can't stand this stupid app. My news feed is completely out of sequence. It's very annoying.
I figured the freezing would stop after an update. Two updates later and the app still freezes. Ive uninstalled and reinstalled.  Ive forced stop on it. Ive cleared cache. Its junk right now.
worthy
Like it
He really makes a great father...
Fb msngr/ android facebook.
:)
Boku no pico approved
Nice
Don't get on this, let it become like Myspace
Im still a young man lol! !!

improvements
It won't let any videos play. I deleted it and reinstalled and same thing. I asked my friends and they tell me the same. Can't watch videos. COME ON FB. GET IT TOGETHER AND QUIT CHANGING SH?T !!!!!!!!!
Good

Loving the new update ...Galaxy s5
Excellent
Protest against Israel
Luv it
Tommy
Good
This app crashes all time and why do I need a extra messenger app? For what?
Ugly
Ahsan
Onelove
pls turn the old version back its much simpler and easy to use its been consuming too much of my phone space its annoying
New feed
Akakrislong
world's best app

I guess it's ok
Videos won't play and having to download an extra app to communicate with friends is extraneous and cumbersome.
Ehh
Sajeet
Videos, are VERY slow.
Facebook is the best social media on the internet :)
Too much space in memory :/ Facebook pls fix this =) my phone is logging because this app and i not install it anymore =/

Loved it so much
Tooo slow
So much slow app, i cant believe this, is it a facebook app
loved it
It creates problem and bound us with messanger by which it could not open its own
One ~> Two ~> three ~> four ~> what is it' your waitting for !
With the updated version I just don't see any improvement on app.
Title says it all
This messenger app though........... Such an invasion of privacy.
This app uses most of the ram so plz can you minimize app size. Plox
Only for older version.. this is not good
The app. Automatically closes after about 15 min. Of continuous use. Please advice.
Good
Facebook?  Bah fakebook
I like it
How come one can't search a friend's list of friends? That feature was removed -_-
Loved
cant use emojis when i share something and the videos play on there own . please fix for better rating
Starmobile PLAY
Its good
Facebook messenger suck (!!!!!!!!!!)
Constantly shutting down, can't admin my pages through page manager or this. Can't communicate through messenger anymore. Basically, its useless. Hoping you fix it soon.
It wont let you play videos!!!! ):/
nothing more or less than what i wrote above - THIS APP SUCKS!
Why I can't watch videos and use emojis
Kanding nga my bangs
Good
Requires too much access to information and forces us to get another app for messenger that wasn't required before.
Thanks for fixing my problem.
You  very fain fbk i am like
Wow
Potentially accessing my personal information is completely ludicrous.
Let me view my messages.
I want to see what's going on now in newfeed not something that happened a month ago. Change it or make an option to change it. I don't want to search of most recent in the "More" section...That the only complaint I had until I was forced to download another application.  Just Fix the messenger for you don't have to have a separate application. ...
I can't watch video after the new download 8/14/14
Un program f frumos dar mai trebuie perfectionat. Se blocheaza.
Can't watch videos. I maybe get the first 10 seconds or so then comes up with an error. please sort it.
I want last version.
what the fxxx ....this app freezes at the moment when I open the app...
Excellent
Videos won't play anymore.
Pls fix it
Happy independence day
like it
Best
Its just that good
Worst app
Drama
Great
Idk
Ahmad
Because i hate it
It Made My Phone Go Slow.
Plsssss give  stop notification  in which we have commented plssss  as fast as possible
good
Nice
This Facebook change is for the bird's
Can't watch videos!
So nd so
It's trying to get everyone to download the instant message application...I don't want That...please stop trying to make people get it....please...not everyone want it...
Simply superb
y i cant download the fb apps...its bullshit
I hate it because its forcing me to download messenger! Like nah I don't got enough storage for allat !
It won't let me play videos. Can you plz fix this ASAP. Its making me mad.
apps
My stuff alway a day late not when friends post
I'm deleting this app bc it requires me to have to have messenger. To have messenger it wants your contacts from your phone,  you have to go and turn off GPS because it automatically has it on. Facebook, you may not have access to my personal life!!!
Good moring
It freezes when I open a particular album and it says after that there's a problem..
nice too much
Ezhar
Fantastic
Good
Enjoyable
I'm getting notifications for messages but in order to respond I need to download messenger? Feed is littered with viral videos and advertisements. Pretty weak!
Its not working in my mobile
Cool . . . . .
Makes me miss myspace a little bit.
Its goood
K
It is funny
Cool app
Can you please let me on it
Loved it awesome
Now its taking 55mb of ROM even if its installed in SD card. Please fix. I dont find it reasonable. Devs are just ignoring these bugs. No replies. Not taking suggestions. In a few years, you'll be down like Friendster and the likes. Know how to take care of your users. It sucks!
:-)
Ok
Stop forcing me to download the messenger application. Leave everything in the Facebook application!
I can't see,send&receive
Not good bad to use on sony.
To many bugs and rechanged news freed every time i watch videos
Awesome
This shuts down when i open some fb pages to see posts Plz fix it Whenever i open any page on fb to see posts it shuts down .... only first post shows and if i scroll down fb shuts down....  Plz fix this problem Plz dont try worst version
Baby you are ok
Sux simple as that I don't want another app so I can se my messages so better get that off
Love this app.
Let's go face book.
new update won't open some pictures no matter what.
Great apps I recommend friends to get it. .
Very good
Supeerb
Verry neat like the theme
Love it! Its faster and easier to go to if u have the app, love it....
faster dan bfre ....
New update is horrible in android and quite slow
I
The updating issue should be dealt with or atleast it should take some time before it asks for updates.
Nic
This app is terribly slow and has stability issues. It constantly freezes and crashes on all of my Android devices. The news feed only consist of only top stories most of which are hours old and not even remotely interesting. Please for gods sake just make a basic, functioning, and stable application. You would think with half a billion downloads this app would have more competent devs. It seems like its getting better one update and 2 updates later it is worser than what it started as.

protect your privacy,  protect yourself!
I Cant Watch videos
Kindly fix.
Unable to login no connection but I'm able to download other apps please help
It is the best social network.
Love it
Gud  app 4 social
Bullet
Removed after the forced spit between chat and the app. I think I would have minded less if they also removed the chat notification. Just seams like a dickish move to me.
Yi the app
It has George feature of chat with other people .
My music likes tab disappeared in my about me section WTF?!?!?
Videos not playing
Stelio jane hurekure
Will not let me watch any video -.- Samsung s2
Stupidity
I love it
what happend my fb account..I cant open.. pls. inform if u update. I hated.????
Needs updates that will decrease RAM consumption

Very useful app but some times it disturbance the user if they not have a facebook massenger application. Because when a user open the massege box then the user got a massege for download the massenger. Really its very harashment thing. Please, kindly solve this problem dear admin.   Thanx.
For Fix It.. Now I can Like the status n video.. 5 star..
Gave 1 star because you cannot give 0. Was there a need to move messages to another app... Just hopeless
I have enough apps
Tts use
Can't even watch videos now. LG G2. PLEASE FIX IT!!
Simply superb
Second
How great it is to be able to find old friends 
Can't play any video
Follow me on instagram ed4u
Fb
FACEBOOK;-)
Giving me too many problems this minute it work then the other min storage is too full kmt you guys who own this app must get it fix
Can't message all in one app ? 
Is it too much asking to let me see my messages from my others folder with the app? Please do it
Love it & like it
Correct
Facebook is forcing us to use messenger for chatting. This is not good and they have done this with their latest update!
Now my news feed keeps flashing at me and refreshing on top of all my other issues.
Why the F do I have to have another app to use messenger? It worked fine before. Now I get annoying notifications on my home screen that I can't disable permanently. Crap on you Facebook.
App slow and keeps crashing. Amazing something so great requires constant updating.
Works so freaking gudddd
Cool
Nice apps
Powerful, fast and simple
Can't watch videos
open facebook
Nice :-D
The newest update sucks so much it won't even let me log in. So now I'm back to the first version of Facebook, please fix this!!
Good
Love It
I love facebook
Please bring back the old version. And as for the messenger it lags too much.
Good
Ever since the new update today the videos are unable to play
Really andre'ya
It always goes back to what I was doing before I opened it. I uninstalled it then re-installed it like 4 times. Will give 5stars once fixed
Bkenalan
I love it..very much!
Loved it
Wonderfully application
Love it
it was decent?
It's starting to post statuses that I'm not not personally putting up myself. I guess someone's hacking my page. Please fix that!
Every time I opened it I wasn't able to do anything because it would crash. Not a fan of how invasive it is either.
I hate tht we have to get a other app for messages
Facebook
Very
intermittent, cant access well so irritated
5*****
Am
Nice
The older version was better and i cant send voice notes.
Meh
When you visit many profiles and you wanna go back you have to keep clicking the back arrow there is no status, requests, msgs or profile icon so you have to keep clicking the back arrow.. 
Good app
Now I can't reinstall Facebook
Supeee
Much improved in reliability & speed than earlier versions
Some things don't work like it transferring pictures from instagram. And when people post to my wall, those don't show up either. I always have to report problems.
Best Of Luck
Good
Gooodd
Fastet browsing
You need to go back to the old version
Wow
AMYE
Nice application.quickly visible in all news
Ok
But high data needs
I can no vedieos on Feb it is saying vedieo can not play fix that
padam
Cant chat till u install msngr
I think this design is beutiful I like it.cool
I love this app
When i try to upload a video it won't let me use the app or ever upload the video
Kkkhan
Important information act .
Olive you
Facebook actually at some point in time became better but as of current there a lot of things that I used to be able to do I'm no longer able to do. For example at one point in time I was able to stop notification from post that I no longer wanted to be falling through the app and now I'm no longer able to do so. Also I was able to view details about friends or potential friends and no longer have access to the about and other pertinent information. Please put put these features back in the app! Thank you!
I can't see videos and it is slow
Can't watch videos
aayaan
I loved 8
always not respondig
Loved it
Fb a piece of sh!t now
Doesn't even load pics. Worst app ever. Had to delete heaps to get nothing!
You suck and you help the NSA spy on people's information. And your newest update is buggy as hell, can't even watch videos.
Anto
Loved it
Can't watch them videos will not load at all. Fix this will give 5 star rating......!
Super
Wow! Great
Awesome application
Love it
Since the newest update I can't watch videos!!
I'd rather use my my Web browser always freezes have to restart my phone and what everyone else said haha...really tho bout to delete it and use the browser
Its good
1.It's called news feed not history feed, so the most recent should have been the default. 2. Why the hell put friend request on there? is there anybody who receive friend request everyday, beside if we receive friend request. We have notification to notify. 3.Why didn't put the search and people just side by side with the other if you really think sliding gesture was the best? 4. Force people to install another RAM hungry messenger isn't good move.
Helpful
Azim
Y do you need messenger? The old one is better... dont try to sell the messenger... its a bullshit crap app anyway
Really like this apps... that why i gave four stars..
They are trying to get details of every ones life !?!?!
Add some background, it would be great..
Its very slow
Haven't been able too upload videos for months, it just stalls then won't cancel, have to uninstall to get the icon to go away.
I like this app
Love this
Is is so cool I love it
I liked face
Faster then older one
Very good
Meh, it has it's ups and downs I suppose.
Cool.
I like this app very much cool theme fast upload download and video plays real smooth but i got a prob with news feeds it allways shows popular feed not the latest and i cant view any page's photo album plzz fix.
Gotta love Facebook
Not very good
Swine
Not working ..... After few seconds it will be closed... what to do
I mean can't we get to choose what we want and what we don't need. Facebook is messing with those lines of privacy
I cant log in to my facebook account...and it says you must reset your password in order to get your new reset facebook password...plz fixed this or should rate you five star..
Amazing
good
Forcing to download the messenger app is sick your filthy pervert cunts
App takes a lot of space for low end phones.. move to SD Card please.
Its nyce installation is very fast
loved this app
Johny Johny haji
M
It's suck plz. Update
Can't play video in other lecteurs and can't see the replies in comments
I love Facebook
It's very enjoyable app
CANT DO ANYTHING ON THIS APP ANYMORE ABOUT TO SAY SKREW FACEBOOK AND DELETE THIS JUNK POINTLESS UPDATE
Older virsen
Pesado.
nice
Why so many updates? It's very annoying.
why force people to install messenger??? sooooooo annoying... :(
Man that's a good one
Bavalos
Will not load after loggin :(
THUMBS UP !
very very good
I love it
Love it
Loves this aaps
No in app messenger ... As usual when Facebook makes (progress) it's really taking 3 steps backwards
Colon
Facebook is busy!!
Its too good.....and work as a bullet in android.....
I'm deleting both apps, only using FB on my computer, and going back to SMS only.
Reminiscing with family and friends. Also praising God with them.
Previous gui was better
Nice
Wont let me check messages unless I downloaded Facebook messenger. So many things I cant do on the app but can do on the browser. Have no time to waste explaining all the defects of this app in comparison with the browser.  I will download again in a year when they make it user friendly.
Nice
Can improve a lot..Needs more improvement
Do not like the new facebook messenger. Waste of app space. Also I do not like the "news feed" vs the "recent posts". But overall its okay
Fab
Most recent update: requiring a second app to use messages. Wtf, this is terrible. Minus one star for whatever developer thought this update was a good idea....Everytime I open this app, it asks me if I want to find friends. No I don't, quit asking me.
I use the app in Mi3
Cannot share a friend/Page's photo from their album with the original description. Can only share photo with source & description via their timeline. Every time I finish reading a post (continue reading¡­) and press Back, the page will load again. Then I have to scroll down to find the last post I read. So wasting time and my phone data. Can't you fix this already? And the fb messenger is very unnecessary.
Love it
Very nyc apps
I m loving it
Has anyone ever read the permission you are giving facebook by downloading this app I just did and there is no way I'm going to download something that says they can take pictures with my phone or audio without my permission and your giving them access to your personal information that you keep on your phone uninstall and 0 starts if I could fix this please
No app, other than the almighty Facebook, could mandate that you download another app to check messages and open links. Absolute crap.
:)
Thank you
I love fb
Can not play videos on Xperia SP. Recent update does not allow videos to be played. Fix this!
D l
Best way 2 kp n touch with family& friends.
If I wasn't being monitored, I would give it 5 stars
It crashes too often..
Works fine
Love it
Gr8 app

Ra
Excellent
Good
F
And nice
Help us to connect without numbers

Great
Fine
Love it
Verry fast And uc browser to slow facebook app is fast
I want to get the older version back. This "updated" version feels like the old MySpace... I hate it.
It gets to new stories when I'm surfing my news feed and thats ridiculous. ..I have to go back down
Excellent
Vgood
Nice for Facebook
Screwed my app for games. Just want to uninstall it.
Update suxs!
I take a century to  download
Awesome
Teri nasal mit jay israyl
(Y)
Takes forever to load feed if it even does videos hardly play
Ajay Vishwakarma
Chida app
I loved the app
Great aap !!n are u all mad rating it wd 2 or 3 stars its really cool app TRUST me gues !! and Mark Zukerberg hands down for you
Nice way to stay in contact
The best
this app is very nessesary fr me n my friends..
Nice
notification not work
This is good
After latest update all videos fail to play! An error pops up and will not play a single video! Please fix
Facebook
I hate it
Some times it works slow fix this for five stars and also for video calling
its a good website to communicate amongs your friends and peers
Great app
Not working again please fix it..
Apps Closes a lot it doesn't work that good
its mega star
Good
Loved it.
Good app
Facebook messenger should be an option to be downloaded, not to be forced on.
App wont play videos or let me look at pics
Best
Fb is lame now o only go on there for pictures which they fail to load
I hated it because you need another app just to look at your messages fix it NOW!
Great app
Coment
Not getting notifications most of the time, very unreliable. Doesn't keep comments threaded.
my phn hangs up .when have this appinstalled
Nice
Good texting site u could fin ur friend from years  and text them
So bad, Can't watch videos!!
good
I cant watch videos fix that 
I Have An Up To Date Phone And Its Just Ridiculously Slow. And If Anyone Knows A Better Fb App Please Tell Me
Yazzz to raw
What happened to the video player ?
Since I've updated I can't play videos
Gets closed frequently
Sometimes its not working
Can no longer watch videos and message people without the messanger app
Super
I can't find anything , all my side bars are gone can't post from my business page WTH I want the all version back
I love It I've used since I was 13
Cool
invasive
Nice app
Nice
I like facebook. I owe my current life to facebook. Thank you!
Its a good way to tlk to friends nd stuff
Love Facebook
fix it and make it better
Great app
Since the update, I can no longer play videos.
Good and all keeps me in touch with the people who matter.
I can't watch videos 
It is a easy way to chat with friends.
Nice
Niceeeee
Drains my battery life, which only gives it around 4-5 hours.
When you write a status you should be able to custom it to see who can see it please add this
My app keeps constantly closing fix please!!
Facebook
Oh my gosh please help me my Facebook loged me out an I can't login in cause its saying wrong password an I no longer have access to my old email an they won't let me use my phone number an they saying the question is worng an Its not
Bandurang
Liked it
:)
Sitik2 iso ngewangi golek duit
O aplicativo roda perfeitamente, bem fluido e r¨¢pido.
berat dan ngabisin RAM
Why is my fb postin things by itself . that is NOT okay. I have many people I have to keep good ties with . not annoy due to fb acting stupid.
Beautiful
It doesn't load the latest post in the news feed. Its slow and  I dont like using a extra app for a inbox
Africa American
To invasive
Rocks!
Bad app
:)
Facebook
Ya
Love to talk to my bffs and bf
Why i need to download facebook messenger if its a fix application?...
Niccccc
It's good
This app is very slow...
Niceeeee
This new update sucks ! Im unable to view videos now all of a sudden! Please fix the issuse ! Ughh fix fix fix
new update is causing more problems than anything...freezes alot... didn't have problems before.....also can't open email when I get notification
This app is gay now cuz I cant msg plp its telling me to move to facebook msg er I what the old version. .. backk
Nice one
Need update version for tablet.. So far so good..
It got a lot better
Ma hi sabkuch hai.
its to slowwww
Best app
It keeps crashing each time I open it now
It has been down loading for 20 mins!
Me gustaria mas privacidad
Messenger not working
Find friends and family
i can't read my messages.is it because i don't want to install facebook messenger???
Can't watch videos after latest update
Uses 104MB, takes forever to refresh, doesnt play videos and i am not installing messenger.....which is mandatory now to recieve messages!!
Great for making international calls
Hate the upgrade I can't see my messages because now I need a new app wtf???
very useless if you disable fb chat add-on
Won't let me watch videos
The new updates won't allow me to tagged my friends in any posts 
This good  software
Crashing a lot
Cool
Awesome
love
Pretty good update. I like it. Kinda slow. But very little I can live with it! Works good.
good app
Gurpanthpreet Singh Khalsa
Nice
Keeps closing off constantly.
Love this app one of the best just laking in a few features from the website
Updates are confusing
I cant get custom settings for the things i want to post. There are times that i need the exceptions option of the custom tab to hide some posts that are inappropriate for my other audience!!! Fix this please
Only work went it wants to
It's ok
verrrrrrrrrrrrrry goooooooooooooooooood
Nice.. App but its little slower otherwise its best it has some more function than i would rate it 5 stars
Nice
Best app
I was fine with how it was before now I cant veiw messages unless I install messanger. It's so pointless.
I love it
Not able to open comments with new version.
Facebook with friends
Very nice apps
It is very slow lately...doesn't want to open pics or videos
Keeps freezing, won't let me check my notifications. Plz fix.
Memory hog. Videos dont work and hate that i have to use messenger
no words tip to say
Wont even download @#%&
It's only one weapon to fight against Corruption
Works ok but sometime when i finish watching a video in my news feed it will scroll all the way back up again. Please fix this problem. Other than that is OK.
Cool, but I uninstalled it just bc bc...I'm just not the kinda person that wants all my life story out there.
My galaxy s4 freezes while scrolling please fix
It Wont Let Me Watch No Video's
Besssssttttt!!!!!!!!
Best thing ever
I woke up one day to find that FB had updated without my permission. My Nexus is set to require my approval for updates so...WTF? Now it's a laggy POS with an interface worse than the last one -- which wasn't awesome to begin with. I haven't even talked about Messenger yet. Are you guys going to secretly install that too?
We can share with all friend in the word..
can't work in geny motion.. please fix it
Does wonders
Thank You Facebook
So,  as soon as Facebook updates, I open the App and notice that I can't watch videos. It has the loading circle, but the video never loads and gives me an error. (Galaxy S2 & 3)
It mad try it
Facebook forcing this program stinks.  Far too intrusive.
I love it
Nice
Loved it very much,
Cool app
A life changing App.
Too many permissions that aren't needed for the app to function.
Gallero
not good application
I cannot download
Its awesome
Uninstalled i am not adding another program just to read/write email.  Facebook mobile it is until you force people to stop using that as well.  But to everyone about the permissions READ ABOUT THEM FIRST before u talk about things u clearly do not understand.
Facebook love it
No.
U re showing me old stories
Awesome
Too much of a hassle to switch between apps and load up. And if its gonna be like this from now on. Remove the messenger and friends online icon cause without messenger on this app you took it three steps back from when you first started facebook. There Is no more privacy on facebook and we want it back. you might as well rename the site. But seriously though, switch it back please.
Don't understand why I need messenger. Other than that, its a great app.
Love

I want to say to team Facebook to make it fast..
Can't play videos, and can't use messager unless you give access to the entire phone. Facebook any intelligent person would know what your trying to do. Fix your app
K
Never shows the most recent news.  Always never shows all my friends in my account.  Uses a lot of memory.
great apps!! :)
Love this app but this latest update crashes a lot on my phone. Hope you fix this soon. I'm running Android 4.2.2.
Chinthaka
The developers  got  a good  one  here! !
Why am I being forced to download Facebook Messenger why doesn't it let me send messages in this app?
I can't post anything
Good
Just as good as the version for a computer!
Too nosey...n it freezes up...sucky...try again
Need an update
Yaneth
My message is not working fix it
It's just so different
i love it so nice
Facebook
IAMLOVE
Keeping freezing up!!! Please fix!!! This is why am giving two stars.....Not very happy..So much going wrong...Don't update like it should...I see stuff from 3 day's ago...All I can say...Is it needs a lot of work done to it....My stars won't change until I see improvements.....
2G SUCKS
Uninstalled. I'd rather just use the mobile site than be forced to download another app to retain functionality that's been present since inception.
Vf
ok
cool app
i love it
Bad bad bad
Good
Its actually a good app . It just takes too much memory. allow us users to move it to sd card please. also i cannot view emojis
love it
Ermmmm
Very good
Why I can't watch video?
I just think its ok
I say its amazing I love it
I love it.....
Facebook can make love... But here many fake account is here how I ditect
You CANNOT "Text, Chat, and have group conversations" without Facebook Messenger! Updated the app, now update your description. Why do I have to install another app for messages? It worked fine before,  now forces you to install a secondary app just for messages.
Shame on you Facebook.
To invasive. Why are you data mining private information?       New update is buggy.
best communication.
I can't even get my app to open. The blue screen will come up and the it will close out to my home screen! Wtf.
I have some ratchet apps but Facebook is the sketchiest of all. Definitely not what I'd expect from a multi (billion or trillion? Regardless) dollar company.
Really? Ever since last update I can't load any videos from anyone through the app!
Super kool
Please update this matter. The post are not arrangable. Mix up with old and new post.
NICE
facebook is acting dumb i install it amd it says please uninstall and re install wat tht hell is tht i have done it like 5 times fix it nd ill give 5 stars with a great comment!!!!!!
YOu
Forced to use messenger you can't log out of, I call bullshit. Terrible update.
Vidhyadhar
Keeps blocking me cause I go to fast and liking to much. Done it 3 time and 2 times this week.  I'm blocked right now.. stupid.
Can't watch videos. Newest update won't play them. Can't use emojis when i share something and wanna write somebody before i share it. Emojis disappear. Why i have to have messenger to send messages tf. Fix all these
But Disturbs to install messenger for facebook while chating
Its ok but the hacking Facebook might have to stop
Very easy to talk with my frnds
Good
Easy way to keep in touch with friends and family. .awesome app.
Nyc
Love it :)
Supper
Great
I have a brand new phone and awesome internet and yet the face book app keeps freezing.uggggggggg
I like this app but it gets on my nerves when i like a picture and the picture moves straight to the next supper annoyin needs fixing quick... Other than that its cool
Josna
Facebook lover
My videos don't play anymore at all just says sorry can't play video error, and most the time it closed like 30 seconds after opening!! Please fix I have a Verizon lg lucid and I will change to 5 star
Por favor
Excellent
Fun
Family fun!
-__-
Want to try again,cause I dont like the new one
Yass
Always freezing up
Great
Femas
Good
Absolutely ridiculous! The messenger thing I dont want it and I'll be deactivateing my account over it stupid thing!
Stay connected
I like it
Why need two apps?
Coz its fb n i love it addiction much ha
I changed my rating from five stars to two. It sucks and some of the people too
Facebook messanger
Good
To keep friends cycle connected fb only the way
Its Good I Like Because I Have Alot Of Friends On it And Tgey Be Puting Funny ThiNgs  On There
Rates
L
My first social applacation 
U
Im very thankful because this app is made.. because my aunt is in states and because of facebook i can chat and talk to her...
Facebook
I hate how its forced me to install that chat app just to send a message. More privacy is what EVERYBODY wants! Not more crap apps clogging up our devices
Facebook vedio downloadig??????????? Without eny software
Bhati
Freezes and news feeds always old
I love Facebook appt
I used this app un tell said I have to have another app to get to my message, if you got the web on your phone then just use that; as, the reason why you think that their should be something that I have to do, is saying you want to get me to give you more of my info without me really thinking I is, so I can get notifications VA text so why have an app when that is the only reason to have this app, bad move to take my options away.. ..silly to ever take my options away... #vforvalue Instagram
Oh cool
Beautiful
Good
Lag
Thanks
Videos play automatically which I don't like. I will choose when I want to watch a video or anyone on my page. I delete things that keep showing up that I don't want to see. FB photo stopped showing up on games as before. Crap updates!
good
Videos still will not play on my LG G2. Second update now that this is happened. Hope it gets fixed soon.
India akins
Bast
Can't read messages now unless I download an app that violates my privacy and wants access to EVER THING in the phone and the ability to change and download at will without your knowledge.
this ap is very important and useful information ap
Ok
Would be good if I could choose to be redirected to my browser for messaging without another heavy app
Love it !!!
HATE USING MESSENGER!
Meh :-/ O_o
I don't want to see old stories in my feed just because someone commented on it.  I want latest stories on by default
Super but slow
Wish fb would let android edit pics and have filters like the iPhone!
I don't see why I now need two apps to accomplish what I previously could with one. Please restore functionality to this app.
Facebook
Why'd you disable notification? Are you mad? Now I have to download an extra app to talk to people while this one also support the same function but blocked -.-
I upgraded it a few days  ago now I can't get any videos to play.  It keeps saying an error occurred.  WTH!!
Updates are terrible. App keeps getting slower and slower with less functionality. Failbook.
This application does not work!!!
I love Facebook, I'm on it all day but I updated my phone yesterday (I still had the previous version & just decided to up date) , but I can't watch half of the videos. keeps saying an error occurred.
Takes to much of my phones memory. I like the older version and why does fb need access to all of my personal info like my contacts, email, etc? Also if I wanted my time line refreshed I would do it myself.
Amma
LOVE IT
Always closed it's self
Its Facebook. Duh its good
Nice
It's enough.
I want to upload a photo but due  to network issue it will not happen but after few try its uploaded and when i see there are 3 photos uploaded and i am unable to delete it..
I can talk to all my feiwnda
It makes your phone soooooo slow
If it ain't broke, don't fix it.
Totally f''''''''''''' awesome
Please stop messing with something that's clearly not broken. And fix the issue with notifications. I select to turn off notifications and they still come through.
Facebook
Barely use it
Please fix the video playback there's one in ios. Surely andriod devices deserve a hd button thank you. Second the messenger app sucks and if you be so kind return messages back to the app. An external app is pointless and frustrating.
There are definitely things I love about fb, but I'm ready for something new (and I'm not talking about having to install messenger).
Big ups
The app is glitchy at best. It freezes for long periods when I try to look at friend pages if it responds at all. Often it goes to a black screen freezing my while phone until the app finally shuts down. Also I am getting notifications for comments but when I go to the page to see the comment the latest comments mentioned in my notification won't load. If I want to see them I have to go online and if I'm doing that all the time why should I use the app.  Absolutely terrible. I'm going to try friendcaster .
Face book
This app is running on my note 3 without any problem.... It makes my work easy to like and comment as its even fast also.... Nice app...
Es muy bueno
