For the most part its okay, the only thing i hate is that it will start crashing randomly and ill have to restart my phone. Not okay facebook. You need to worry about the quality of the app before you add more stuff we dont need.
Useless. Don't update!
It's either Facebook takes up too much space OR Facebook gives you a basic edition that does NOTHING. Please find something in the middle, this is ridiculous!
Sucks
Wonderfull
Not everybody uses this garbage waste of time n memory. It should not b a default app
Very nice
yummmy
Its ok not so good old version it needs to improve
I get nothing but old post this new updates sux
Hafiz
It's too slow, is not letting meh log in
It is a lovable application .
OK now nothing loads and pics won't appear.
Sometimes error cant open it
I lovee this app
But sometimes it lag and not responding..Plss fix it..
It just completely stops working, freezes, then said it has stopped working and closes!! This needs to be fixed!!
this app make my phone too slow performance
love it so much
Poor.
Messenger app. Why?
Great app.....I'm back on baby
I LOVE FACE BOOK
Facebook
It eats a lot of memory om devices. Not applicable for all device types. Couldv'e compressed the app so it'll be smaller in size.
Ggggggg
what happened to facebook? am i d only hus experiencing it? cant connect my facebook to my internet..same as my messenger!!! Plz fix this..
It ok
Showing error 24
The app keeps crashing everytime I try to view one of my friends profile are there pictures !! I have deleted and downloaded the app multiple times it needs to be fixed ASAP
I like it
error
Coool but take lot of space
Cool
Amazing
Yassss

This should not have to be a mandatory download if you want to message people on Facebook. Its clunky, annoying and apparently a memory clog.
Can't even refresh it. Please go back to the way it was. I have to restart my phone every time.
It's not loading so it's OK
Very good
ok
Love Facebook
Can't download
Dear facebook, pftwwwt.
awful updates
Still stinks.......
Great
nice
I'm getting tired of this app now (once again) ! Half of it won't load Can't make a problem report because it doesn't load. App needs to be fixed
Why do you keep on pushing us to install facebook messenger? We can install it if we want to. And facebook is always not responding. So lag.
Its good!
Good
So bad don't update on new feed must click most recent for see the update please check app for this problem we need to enjoy facebook with andriod but now don't enjoy it!!!
Everything nice!
Loveeee fb
The past several days Facebook has been extremely slow so I figured I'd have to update if I ever wanted to use it again, but now it's even worse. Most of the time it won't even open
Done uninstall Facebook apps
Cool
Pictures in news feed never loads even on WiFi . top of news feed shows post from three days ago .
Good
I like it
.     .....
Slow. Not loading news feed. No longer includes messenger. Bloatware.
app is awesome.. eooooohoooo woooohoooooo
So I've emailed the developer with no response and videos still do not work, I've left bad reviews as well... And now facebook is trying to force me to download the messenger app with outrageous permissions! This is too much! We should not be forced to download your app!
Facebook wasnt working.  Deleted  it tried to dowbload again and got error 24.  Cant download.
Problems on samsung tablet. Keeps crashing.
Nice
Its getting on my nerves!!! FB keeps closing on me every time I click on something or it just closes every 30 seconds...Please Fix It
FB keeps freezing and kicking me out every time
why you need to push us to download fd messneger
muy buena
Review details
Clarity
Bring the old fb back!
Why can't install.
Works great for me all the time.  if you don't like receiving all the notifications then set your preferences in your settings.   I don't like that you keep pushing to download messenger.   I Don't even message people on Facebook enough to do so.  I prefer a text message or email.  I would rather stop using Facebook then to download an unwanted app.
Disappointing.....
This one you get stuff from last week in news feed
Y'all are driving me crazy I can't check my messages!!!!!!! Why!?! I don't what the messenger app!!! So PLEASE stop and undo that!   Oh yeah and it is really annoying when I get notified that one of my friends have put some thing up. It all ways has to tell me doesn't it because I soo can't go onto their page! ( sarcasm ) surprise I really can if you did know your app could do that! Please fix!
Now to send messages, you must use the messenger app, the Facebook mobile site, or browser..very annoying. The messenger app doesn't have a logout feature so the only way to disconnect from it is by clearing the data under your phone's settings. Hate this! The app developers ought to quit while they're ahead. Just before the major change with messages (Sept 11), I was finally pleased with the performance of the Facebook app. Now...NO! Change it back, please! (Grrr...9/12/14 is now the WORST update EVER!)
Zakasssss....
;)

It pi***s me off....Every time I make a new album it tags each photo by itself and post every picture on each persons wall photo by photo... I have uninstalled and reinstalled it several times and it still does it
I just hope you remove the FB Messenger. Don't force us to download it.
It's okay
Since the last update at least I'm able to go to my account settings etc...without getting kicked out of the app...little better so far.
Messenger not great..
can't download it it's a big error
Great
I Uninstalled The App And Tried Reinstalling But It Keeps Saying Error -24. No Support on This Problem. If This Persists I Might Even Consider Deleting My Account. Fix This and Ill Rate It 5 бя
Keeps freezing and force closing
Awesome
No Privacy
My#1 App!
Very easy to navigate
Since the new update my pics will not load
It's a little slow but it's still better than the old version
Brawo
I can use this
Great
Is new bt nice
I hate that you have to download the messaging app
Very good application.l enjoy using it.
Internet
Good
Surya
Friends Happy
Why does fb need to access our text msg an contacts an all that and that stupid messenger app I hate all of it
Swiping just frm right n left to accept chat n profile is not in it.... Photo saving directly frm new feed is a good features....
IF YOU DOWNLOAD FACEBOOK IT WILL DESTROY YOUR PHONE OR COMPUTER. !! YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED !! !!! FACEBOOK SUCKS !!!
It has always remained troublesome.
Good
I really enjoyed the new version.
After th last update it crashes every 5 min I cant read 5 posts on th row plus their is no crash reports and I HATE FB MESSENGER worest app ever
Great way to talk to friends and family
It works for a while the it crashes constantly
App crashes every time. Was fine until a month ago. Now it is useless.
Not working with tablets. Kept receiving error when loading and signing in. Never worked since the last update.
Are on this
Great app
I HATE FACEBOOK! U KNOW ITS A  coincidence THAT I MADE AN ACC THEN I TRYED TO LOGG IN AND I WROTE IT DOWN SO I LOGGED  AND TRYED IT I COULDNT LOGG BACK IN SO I MADE A NEW ONE WITH THE SAME "E-MAIL" THEN I MADE A NEW ONE WITH ALL THE SAME INFO WTH! SAME "E-MAIL" WHAT ITS NOT SUPPOSE TO LET U DO THAT!!!!
ibjust dont like having the mesanger on a different app
It's an Alright app
Why is video unavailable in this app but non official apps and a mobile browser can play them tells me that they are lazy programmers and need to improve what pretty much EVERY ONE else is capable of doing sad for their official app
Like it a lot.
It isn't compatible with the Sony Experia E1
Social media
Spiky
Why when i tried to online it say"setting up facebook" and i take more than 5 minute to start on...this  suck...you make this app complicated...that make me give you 2 star..fix it sucker
I like the new features and free calling
U really should get mean pleasurable according to mind's feeling! Let's hope!
Great, slow at times but every app has that problem from time to time
Ty
"I just down loaded it"  And you expect a comment now? I consider a push  by  you, **"A Shove"**.let a person kick the tires , Test it out  please get real.*Paul e. Wilson*
Awesome
Not for human use . .
I like facebook, my family and close friends are close to me. But the new update is messing up my stuff complete lagging and wont let me view some pictures. Just thought to complain. Thank you.  P.s. 2 years later with 5 stars I change it tell facebook uses my phn with out my permition I wish not for fb to view my camcorder or view my texting, calls nor any other private info. Intell u change this new policy I wont be on fb no longer.
It's cool I like it
I totally didn't like it and it dont even work for candy crush. That's the least it cld do
Return the messenger or I will use the browser. If you remove it from that I'll delete Facebook. I could use the deceased distraction.
Ever since updating pictures don't load... And it crashes... Ppl trash me in videos and I can't watch them.. This is ridiculous... Plz fix this
Love this Facebook I have no problems with it
Can we go back to the old style
After update program automatically closess on its own
Since this new update..I haven't been able to connect with any of my games..this is so crazy to me
It won't even friggin start.....
It freezes every minute its annoying!  Fix this asap!!!
The notifications aren't working at all
Fix this one! Dont just focus on your useless updates! Fix those problems of every facebook user. So you could guys make your intelligence worth.
For a post on someone wall with a picture it will only let me post one sucks! !! WHY
No really good.
Fb pleasw dont force.remove it!
Something is wrong with the app...every single time I put it in. My whole phone goes haywire and Facebook keeps freezing and not responding 50 times every single day you hav to report it....fix the problems and it be great.but it also needs a lot better security.  People are getting hacked left and right on there....gives me the creeps..
None of my push notifications are working for Facebook or messenger on my HTC One M7. Fix por favor.
For many years I've had a facebook page and I don't wish to change
Keeps on freezing.  Smh
Facebook messenger is so unnecessary. It's such a big file and there is no need for it if I have the Facebook app. All I can say is fix the bugs, stop forcing me to install messenger, and just make my experience better.
with every upgrade it is getting worse.
pakiayos naman neto
Love this app
how do i suppose to save to my phone an images sent to me in chat ? please answer me
Sar
World's most popular application :)
Very good instrument to connect our people.
The new updates is getting worst. Everytime I used to log in, imported birthdays and contacts always appeared. It so annoying! I uninstall and install it many times but it keeps on doing it. Pls fix it!
Loved it
Mast app hai
The fb app was causing loads of probs on the phone so had to delete. When trying to re-install after completing a factory reset it wont work and just keeps saying error 24 install failed. Bored of constant updates and probs with the fb app so I give up. Fb can do one!
Ali786
It's force closing a lot
Not able to successfully turn off notifications. Needs resolving.
I no longer receive notifications in my notifications bar on my S3. It's really annoying not knowing when I have something unless I open it every 30 seconds which kills my battery.
My cover pic is not on my page. Every time I look around there is a problem with something on my page. I wish it was no fb.
wallllllaaa lhnnnng ?????? :-)
I don't really want this app
All
Much much mor
May this app is consuming more than 200 Megabytes of ram????
Fb messenger sucks why we have to download it just to chat with our friends
I don't want your bs messenger. Give back the old messenger and i will give back the stars
Can't see notifications on "most recent" feed. Bar on top AND bottom makes viewing area smaller. And is it me or has the font gotten smaller too?? Is it possible to Uninstall the latest updates??
Yellow
Big bank
Error downloading
Facebook is just in general okay...
Last update really screwed the app up. It locks and shuts down all the time.
This update does not work good with my Samsung Tab 3. The FB stops so often.
Keeps crashing on my tablet
Facebook
I cannot scroll through my news feed without the app crashing . it is very annoying .
New update.  Once again it will not load pictures.                     Bad update, first time ever it will not load pictures anymore.
Nice
Lonely
Very nice
Facebook good
It's like it isn't getting any data but it is. Tried stopping and deleting cache turning phone off and on still not working.
This is a joke, I am not going to get your crappy messenger app just to communicate with people I can text. What is the point of having a messages icon on the Facebook app if I have to use a separate app to send or receive messages. This app is pathetic.
Won't load anything and hasn't since it updated a few days ago.  Its inconvenient and frustrating!!!!
Rashedulla
Facebook not good; error every day
Please reintegrate messenger
It's always force closing. No matter what device I use Facebook always freezer, and then force close
Awesome
Always not responding.
Upgraded my phone to Android 4.4 and now it says "incompatible update" whenever I try to install
This app used to work perfectly, I had the news feed, messages, and notifications all in a row and it worked great. Now they've removed the messenger and created an entirely seperate, unnecessary, and large app for sending messages? I already have that it's called texting. I don't want Facebook to have a monopoly on my every digital interaction. I refuse to download a seperate messenger application and will just wait until I can use a computer to check and send messages.
Cant open the app on my Samsung galaxy pocket. What the hell is happening!
Ive been trying to get on Facebook for a month may be my phone. Alcatel phone many mistakes! !
It will all of a sudden close when I'm looking through Facebook, or pictures or try and search a friend.. Its getting to be quiet annoying... Fix this please!!!
Messenger sucks. I just want to check messages without being forced to use something I hate.
Needs acces to all an app can need acces to. And you have to download the messanger as well if you want to chat, which is the main activity on fb...
Beartifel
Most recent problem: videos not playing and news feed jumbled up. I want to see most recent posts at the top.
GREAT APP
App is always frozen. This going to be fixed?
Very slow loading feed and pictures take forever to load. I thought the update made things faster
I really don't kno how Facebook works so I am gonna check it out
Great game loved it
Newkidonblocklovedit
Me encanta la app me deja ser amigos en internet  EXSELENTE
Love it
FB has a LOT of nerve changing our news feeds so that we only see what FB decides is a Top News Story, rather than our most recent feeds, and then completely removing the option to see Most Recent from the app.  I'm now forced to use the browser instead, which still has both options.  If FB removes that option from their browser versions, I'll be done with FB entirely.
Way to many permissions!!! App has to be opened twice before it will load new posts! Videos only play for the first few seconds!! Causes Quad core CPU to operate at 75% for no reason! Most recent posts should be default! Phone gets quite warm while using app!! Only reason I use the app as it doesn't used as much data as the browser version!
Love it
Dislike  you have to mandatory download messager app.
It needs improvements .

I love to chat with friends and family on Facebook and just se what the post.
Nothing in my news feed loads... No pictures... No status updates..  NOTHING!!!!!
Doesn't allow me to check of  my previously shared videos.. There's a limit and then it shows me posts from my previous years
Bagus
Uses much memory and has a lot of unnecessary prevligies
Im getting hacked to much even when i change my password daily....uninstalling
Every time I try to click on someone's profile it shuts down no idea why this happened,  i got my tablet fixed and when It came back i got this problem! What is up?!
Excellent
Amirulansari
G
Hangs repeatedly...worst update patches!
I can't get my messages on facebook or the messenger app and I hate the fact that I got to download two different apps for facebook
I m not geeting my code to login
I HATE IT!!! THEY R TRYING TO SAVE $$ ON NEW VERSION BY TAKING AWAY OPTION TO "SHARE" WITH FRIENDS! SCREW THIS....KEEP UR CHEAP A** APP!!!
My cp TORQUE Not work download FACEBOOK NOW
Uses too much memory
Love it
Ha gay
We enjoy find and catching up with people we grew up with and what's better to see so many different views on everything from political sexual spiritual family romantics and of Corse family drama.....fb is real people living life and sharing the good bad and ugly no matter what!
You require too much permissions. Don't like that.
Its a great app xx
Keeps exiting app
It's the best app. I use it 24/24
Love you all my family
Too slow when trying to open loading
Can not see photos or videos in my news feed.   It takes forever for them to load if they even load at all.
Worked great for the 3 yrs I've been using it, until about a week ago. Now it always says "error loading news feed", and I can only see 5 posts and they're all from yesterday. Wtf?? Fix it.
Updated. And now it won't boot up.
Nice way to start fb
Hacks personal information to face book
Easy to connect my friends at fb
Won't let me tag people in comments which is very annoying, don't really like having to have a hole different app just for messanger but other than that
Why are features going missing from the main app? I don't need to know the second I get a Facebook message. Why do I need a second app to drain my battery for a basic feature of social networking on top of this app?
It's a way to communicate with friends and family. You can also download it on many other devices wich is what I love about it
Great way to communicate with famliy and friends
Any age is good i just can get enough great app
Like the description says, there are problems. Sometimes my posts won't send, other times I see comments duplicated in the comments section of posts. Also, app has completely locked my Galaxy S5 up twice a week minimum anymore. This app never seems right.
Love it
Ok
Ishara.sadamali
The app runs super slow and is constantly crashing!
Facebook acts strange on my phone.
teves
after i install this apps,.my phone is become slow,.because too much ram use it in this apps,.and my other apps is not responding,.thats why i uninstall this apps..is not helping..
useless pui
Fine you
Why you need to push us to download that fb messenger? For goodness sake, its really a big app and I dont have enough space for that! So time consuming, I just need to uninstall it and install again just to send messages to my friends! So disgusting,  so disappointing facebook.
ok
No sirve esto por mas que meto la informacion correcta es un fracaso booooooo. .. *;(
No I will not make use of your messenger app just to read my messages. Stop trying it to make happen. 1 star until you bring it back
So so
Kunji
Taronga ko
First u never fix the issues ppl tell u about and seriously now we have to have two apps just to email through facebook thats just plain stupid.  I dont want two of your apps when plain old facebook takes up so much space on my phone as it is.  Give us back our mail option or totally remove the useless icon you have sitting there since we have to get messenger.
everytime i log in its always  an error
By downloading this app you are loosing all privacy you kind of ,,had,, before..
Read though all permissions same with the messenger app too
Never
By
Edit: Same edit as my last 10000 edits: Yet another update that renders the app even more useless than it was before. Multi billion dollar company and you can't even get a mobile app correct. Horrible with the G3. Doesn't scale properly all the time and lags and freezes. Completely unacceptable. You people are pathetic.
Loving it
The app closes on its own! I'm normally using it and then it exits unexpectedly.
App won't stay open. Closes if you go to check notifications or go to any different page. Please Fix!  SAMSUNG GALAXY TAB 3
In this app they force you to download their messenger so they can spy on you. Everybody delete and downrate. We can vote with our lack of use of the app. And then this illegal s hit can be reversed.
This is ridiculous, I have to download the messenger to message people ? ridiculous.
Awesome
I have to manually kill the app and open it again every time, otherwise it won't refresh the feed and show new posts
It's the only app i have that crashes EVERYTIME that I open it. I didn't have any problems before until a month ago. I even reinstalled it but it keeps still freezing and closing. It doesn't even deserve a single star.
So will see what's good don't like drama I've had enough of that
Fix this problem
Its straight
I hate dat it slows dwn my fone so much...
Nice
No way to make the latest post come up first.
Use fecebook
Never happened before now! No troubleshooting available or even clue to fix issue!
Very slow retrieving of notifications,stories. This app should b light идnd faster.Than i give 5 $tar. But now this app suck.....
Cool
No longer has chat. The browser works better than this app.
Now it makes you download Messenger which somehow forwarded one of my messages to multiple people at different times and all my posts are now appearing in double.
awfull release. Instead of getting better and  lighter after the split with messenger, the FB app is in a free fall. quite lagging,  extremely slow, resource hungry and unresponsive, significantly overloading my phone (moto g) . And all that in the rare moments it managed lo load. Eventually I got tired of giving it a chance and uninstalled. what a shame for FB.
Waooo
Problems problems problems i want the old fb back this new one wow i cant even watch a video thats 42 secs long .... Everything is bad since iv tryed to put fb on my new phone idk if its just because i have an android phone or what but need alot fixed or bye by
Error 24 showing again and again it was erected so i quit
When ever I share or post a video it's goes up, but later it disappears?
Its sick  #hvtodownload
To Be Real's
Uninstalling. I can't believe you are trying to force us to install an app that has access to all of our phone data to send messages.  Deleting this app and not installing the other one.
Good
Can't look or send messages if I up date this sucks
Finder free stuff
Baik
Nice and gud
OK Does The Job
I most interesting app
Wish there was a dislike button and could give 0 stars. This new update will not update feeds, cannot see a thing. Will not open pictures.  And stays on what I saw like 2 days ago.  Please come up with another update that really works soon I can't even open my Facebook app.
Book
Win
Nice
I'm
Pathetic!
They each to each other
Great app
Takes to much space up on my phone had to delete other applications just to get it up dated.
Need to be developed by video calling
Love how I can get to Facebook quick now.
Stupid.
it wont let me download it it says error 419
Anita
Don't like it
District Columbia Defence Force
This app uses ridiculous amounts of data and memory resources. Over 250mb in a few days??? That's with usage of about 1hr per day....and most of the time I'm connected to home wifi.... Seeya Facebook! I'm switching to "fast for Facebook" or one of the alternative third-party applications, regardless how limited they are... this Samsung galaxy mini is going out too as soon as i find a new phone..AT&T you're next!
Fantastic
I've uninstalled this app because it says I have no network connection when I DO! And even when I'm connected to my Wi-Fi. Next is to just delete my Facebook completely. Smdh
It takes forever to load, can't upload a pic from my phone gallery, & I can't tag ppl like I could before w the other app.
Ssr
Facebook news feed won't load for 2 days now. All my game apps on mobile connected to Facebook won't work either. So aggravating!
The other folder in messages NEEDS to be incorporated PLEASE!
Viry nice fb
Wtf? Still can't make custom list?? Almost 2015!!!!  Get with it!!!!
I like the updated app. But there is bug or something i dont knw. App grab all the pics including icons in  pic selection. Which irritating.. :( please select only .jpg .jpeg files :(
I'm getting an error message on a lot of videos when I try to watch.
Facebook on my galaxy s5 quits randomly and quote often.  Quite annoying.  Please fix
Why this app needs to have its fingers in everything on my phone is beyond me. Would you also like my Social Insurance Number and passport number?
Had to Remover the Facebook APP because it was not working but I been trying to install it again and it won't let me cause I'm ain't got no tower close to me where I live.
My videos won't work
I can't play videos that my friend's post on fb! This has been happening for a MONTH now! I have reported this problem several times and its still NOT FIXED! Fb app, you suck!
Waww
Error loading newsfeed?
I like it
Error 24 bs
Really did like it for keeping up with my family . It's been trying to up date all day long today and .lt still is
Itz awesome
Not working
tOo slow
Cool
It took getting a new phone to keep this from crashing constantly. While both now work swimmingly for me, needing an extra app for messaging is still very silly. You didn't need it for the very early versions of FB. While sleek, you compromise finer and sometimes necessary things (such as editing/deleting) for aesthetics. 3 until we can get an all-in-one (and less massive) application.
Golden
Vamos as praticas da vida.
I am not happy that i m being forced to install the messenger app just to get my Facebook messages or go to the online webpage to do so. There was nothing wrong with the other way.
It keeps on stopping On the videos when scroll down my news feed its annoying
No
Glad I gave Facebook another chance and downloaded it again, so it could make my phone super slow and so that everytime I open the app I just get a black screen. Uninstall again.
It's app is awesome because it let's me talk to my friends That I have from my old town I just love it
This app is so addicting and you can meet new people
Facebook is so bad
Can you bring back messaging in this app? I don't have enough space to download Facebook Messenger because this app takes a lot of space. Now I can't reply to messages anymore...
Cannot get it to update and cannot install messenger.  WTHeck is going on????
Every since the messenger was changed my fb and all other apps on my phone often say not responding go back to the old Facebook never had that problem before
Doesn't. Work it's been out of wack for 3 months now  
Facebook is supposed to be a place to connect and reconnect with people and it's become such a congested mess full of politics and  advertisements along with update after update of meaningless junk!  Hopefully someone out there will put their intelligent mind(s) to work and create a place of social connection without all the mess!
The best
It works
Not bad wen I'm on there but a couple of times and including now, Facebook as logged me out and won't accept my password or let me reset another one. Deleted the app and trying to install again to see if this makes a difference but keep getting can't download because of error 24. Really bloody winding me up.  Sort it out. Or  you will lose a lot of people!!!!! Now it's saying can't download to due to error 927
But uses too much data
This Is Dumb. The App Takes Up The Space On my SD card and it does not allow me to use it unless I have alot of space. I used to love using facebook but now unfortunately because of this app . I suggest you fix it but until then I think that you deserve these low rates.
It works fine on my iphone. I had to uninstall it from my galaxy tab 3 cause it constantly crashes none stop. Literally i can not be on for more than a min and it crashes,  no error,  just completely goes back to my tab home screen. Pitiful. And no nothing is wrong with my tab,  its brand new. Donr with facebook,  gonna wait for the next major social network. Facebook will be myspace in a few months, 1 year max.
Latest update eats data.. how have I used 400mb in 2 days!!!
Riyad
Bull crap download that makes it necessary to download a messenger when I didn't need one to begin with. What a waste of RAM.
I have to uninstall it to keep messaging my friends through facebook. It forces me to download messenger so I have to do this. Very annoying -.-
Removing  features...  Like Messaging Soaking up your data with auto play video's  just isn't  same
Awesome
the data must be on sdcard :(
For some reason this app keeps closing on its on i cant update the status view my profile or   nothing i have made u guys awear of the issuse for over a month now and nothing has changed... please fix the problem ughh this new update sucks 
Hang to phone
Error... what the hell.. why... I'll try it 10 time..
Keka. ..!
Thats good
Gandhibhavan
It won't show any pictures what so ever. It just has the little circle moving where the picture should be. This has been going on for 3 days. Its ridiculous!.
Ok
kit is a fine app
No
Hungrier than ever. Not downloading again.
Jitender panchal
I really love it
Incompatable update great now i cant have a Facebook app!
amazing and wonderfull app,i love it,it had been faster in this updat.
Awesum
its an easy way to upload pictures and fastest way of chatting
It's very nice....
Srilatha
Too many updates and too much memory consumption. It sucks. Not even movable to SD card. Terrible app for such nice social media.
Don't like everything this app can access
Separating messenger entirely has removed functionality that I used on a daily basis.
Nothing will load after it updated it's self and I don't know how to deactivate the update.
U are vry pooooooor
ERROR LOADING FEEDS! hate it ! Plz fix it !
love it....i luv to surf on fb...
Very nice
Had to uninstall and reinstall and its still not working. Too much work
Yeah
Yeah..awesome, i suppose..

Facebook
It will deserve more бя's
My app keeps crashing... it sucks now..
Just right
Great app but needs video album added so u can view Ur videos please add this
I love you
Osam
Gujjar
Have S5 and for some reason the Facebook app stopped working.  It's really slow pictures and video don't load. I tried resetting my entire phone and reinstalled the Facebook app several times but still same problem.  Accessing facebook through my internet and chrome browsers on my phone still works great. Guess I got to wait for an update but still got other ways of checking facebook but as far as the app goes, it sucks. It stopped working Friday September 12, 2014
Videos fail to open, pictures fail to load,  news feed won't load 50% of the time, it freezes and crashes. None of my other applications on my s5 have that issue. Please fix for a better rating!
Freezes up a lot!  Bad update
It sucks everything is fucked up

It randomly stops loading pictures and I have to force the app to clos3 and clear the cache for it to work again. Also Messenger is still a separate app for no explained reason.
.I have an s5 and it freezes the phone,  videos never load to play, and now it loads nothing even pictures, even on wifi.
Awesome app bit I think face book should display how may likes, comments AND shares a post has had!
Could be better :(
Fb mmg terbaik
It's great and all but it eats too much ram please fix and you will earn the other stars
What happen with video I can't download any videos, u update and it goes worst wake up guys
Abdul Abdul Abubakar
Eror cant play video
Ok
The new update plays every video as your scrolling down to see the next news feed. I feel like I'm forced to watch things I don't want to see. Slows down because of it,and now forced to download another app just to send and mgs.. Will be uninstalling soon
Lovely
Thanks to Facebook
I sooo lav the new facebuk
but Punjabi status show ni ho rahe.
Very bad i want old one or improve this app
Hate it
Fuk Facebook
Easy to install.
Good apps
mmmuah
Kabir khan
Always auto quit, after updates it getting worse,pls fix it as soon as possible, its really annoyed
Better use
Dogs
When it is setting up it keeps saying low storge cause the app
Share your happiness with your friends
HANIF 123
Manager
Don't keep adding too many features. Keep the basics like the old familiar find similar button as this saves doing another search. On the plus side this version does work but Ive had some errors and restarting appears to resolve them.
Emperor of apps
Won't even upload pictures or videos without having to switch to mobile data.
Nemaram kiroda
Yjf of
Good
Crashes every time I try to go directly to someone's profile, as well as randomly.  Didn't use to do this.  Galaxy Tab 3.
This app is irritating seriously considering getting rid of this app keeps logging out and messing up my contacts I can't deal
Just making facebook worse. Changes/fixes make it worse
Cant download this app..its keep on showing error
I can't download any pictures...this is so bad..i feel annoyed
Just swipe and chat!!!!!!
Ver good app
I love Facebook
Error to download is coming ..
The top stories as default still not sorted, Facebook, I never look at it by choice! And what's all this new random notifications telling me a friend has updated their status when I'm not tagged or mentioned?!! If I was interested in someone's life I'd go snooping on their timeline, I don't want it rammed in my face Facebook! Bloody get rid of it!!! I don't know why we all bother complaining to be honest, Facebook aren't interested in our opinions, just some megalomaniac conglomerate forcing whatever on us!
Keeps crashing on my tab 3 and note 2 installed multiple times
Love it
Bahut accha hai....mazaaaaa aaaa gayaaaa....
Good
I can't message anymore on app. This is crap.
App just quit when I try to post any photos
No more space..
Magaling
It's cool
I'm getting notifications from random friends adding photos instead of just people I chose to receive that kind of notification from...I don't care that so and so that I barely talk to added a new photo... Also when I go to settings to choose to look at most recent news feed it doesn't even show all the posts from people at appropriate time frame that it shows in the top stories news feed.
Cool app
It's nice..
it always shows top stories first instead of most recent
Really good
Nice
Tremendous:)
User friendly and number one
Wts about this Facebook session expired
I cant use the facebook messenger.. since i updated my tablet to a higher OS it always says the apps stopped working.. and everytime i go to other areas it always go to exit and that really made me so angry.. can you fix these problems pls.. after that i would give you a 5 stars.. thanks
Yarr ta ahii chaluna aa kada hang ni hoya aa app I like it
Amazing
Good
Can't post, crashes, can't open notices, crashes, fix this.  Worst update ever.  Where is the fix for this update?
Hi..everyon
Pictures and videos not showing intermittently!  Only on my mobile.
I like it.....because...I can chat with my friend
Love it
Excellent
I loved it. Without this app's can't move one second.
I like facebook
What the , what for.separate two.apps. did u study hci? Consume so much of ram.
Its not updating contacts or syncing to phone. Please help!!!!!! What's going on....
Itss Really Cool Apps..!! :)
Nowsh min utsand ord ogch
pely
For an older version
I can not understand why Facebook is making the change to the Facebook Messenger app?  I had perfect functionality with the way it was.   Now I have to have this extra and seemingly unnecessary app just to send private messages.   What's the benefit in having this app besides it doing what my Facebook app previously did?
Since yesterday it has been saying error loafing newsfeed.  There's nothing wrong with my connection.  Its something wrong with this app
Love it
Best
Manju guleria
Good
Thax
So much updates create a big problem. Please make it to be stored on memory card. Why don't we share voice status, why we can't edit our text status, why text copy function is not here.
Dont have any problems worth complaining about. But app didnt come with a taco so cant give the 5
Nice
Nyc
D
Like the title says way too many errors,  it keeps freezing up.
Excellent
Good
Waste of time
vert good app
Wonderful app
Uninstalled.  Too invasive.
facebook
Why i can't upload my photo?
There is a problem with the app          Every time i try to chat with my friend .....the message failed to sent     and they say waiting for network ......and im using the internet @@      needed to reinstall it and now its ok
Good
Dose not work
So many people can meet here
Awesome
Great
Dear Facebook,      Are you challenging me to delete this app. I REALLY have to download messenger? Really? I GIVE YOU ONE YEAR. That will be long enough. Mark the date August 12 2015. If this app doesn't get any better, you may lose a user.
Hi
cant watch videos.hated it but no choice but to download this app.
Had to remove the Facebook app because it was not working but when trying to install now I get error - 24. No support. I know it's a free app but come on. I will even delete my Facebook account because of this.
In starting this aap is of 42mb but now it occupy about 103 mb alone plz fix it .....
For an older version
Very very good
This app eats up my data!!!
I like it yaaaaaaaaaa
Slow, very slow!!! Updates haven't improved speed at all!!!! And still very buggy!
It does not save image which sent in inbox  &  it getting huge space.
Never copy the texts. Old version is better than update version. I like old version only. The update version hang much. This application required alot of space and network
Nice
wtf is tHis dude! O.o It takes 2 much sPace
could you do updates that doesn't need to consume too much space?
You would think a company like Facebook wouldn't have issues with performance and feature support on their app that don't exist on the website.
6419.   6419.  6419.  Praful. PRAFULL  praful
Very good
Cant see my messages seriously? And i dont like those permissions. ...you guys know everyone isnt readng it so you can spy on us.
Facebook seriously this is kinda annoying , i just comment on a photo like"ok" and a pop up comes up and says what i commented isn't allowed or that its abusive
So good apps I love
the mb is so high i wish it will become low
Thanks
Why did you move messanger to ONLY the app. :/ NOT COOL
It keeps telln me application code 24 something about an error it has never did this up untill now
Like it
I hate all the updates and all the memory it consumes. I hate not being able to post a link that shows the thumbnail and title rather than the huge Web address. I hate that I can't block people through the app. Messages in my spam, archive, and trash folders are not visible. I see more content from businesses/ advertisers than people I care about. I may as well uninstall the app and just use the Web page on my phone.
Why won't it load all I get in error just b4 completely loaded up 7gb of free space stupid fb
Their must be a option of chat without messenger .......
Good luck with your
SAIDULU KAMBHAMPATI
Lama
I really really love it
Pictures started taking forever to load again.
good
Like it!
Super
Nice
ok lng
Duddedre duniyane namdu
Facebook is where u can social with family besides IG
It's okay
Worked great until new phone update. Will not load images/videos now. Please fix.
I updated my phone software,and after that i cant install facebook on my phone! Wtf?!?
With the new lay out the app has improved a lot
My data signal is gone whenever I use it. I was actually planning to rate it 5 stars but it's not working at all. Please fix this. :(
Will not load photos or videos after recent update. I've deleted then reinstalled and still doesn't work. Please correct this issue.
Fine
Now you must download additional apps just to say hi to someone. I already have something like that called a phone or text. I cannot hide stories as they keep reappearing, have no control over who sees stuff
Facebook 2015
Nice very fast to.upload picture
Nice
Chand
Ilove this application
I like Facebook even that I dont use it that much
Within 2 minutes of logging in, the app freezes and forecloses!!! All I get is "Facebook is not responding". This app sucks!!!!!
Exellent!!
Good
Stop telling me to install the Facebook messenger!
LA MULA
Its great
I love Facebook even tho it takes a lot of memory
With the new lay out the app has improved a lot
My data signal is gone whenever I use it. I was actually planning to rate it 5 stars but it's not working at all. Please fix this. :(
Will not load photos or videos after recent update. I've deleted then reinstalled and still doesn't work. Please correct this issue.
Fine
Now you must download additional apps just to say hi to someone. I already have something like that called a phone or text. I cannot hide stories as they keep reappearing, have no control over who sees stuff
Facebook 2015
Nice very fast to.upload picture
Nice
Chand
Ilove this application
I like Facebook even that I dont use it that much
Within 2 minutes of logging in, the app freezes and forecloses!!! All I get is "Facebook is not responding". This app sucks!!!!!
Exellent!!
Good
Stop telling me to install the Facebook messenger!
LA MULA
Its great
I love Facebook even tho it takes a lot of memory
It's superb...
Its irritating and very slow and need very fast internet network
What the hell.with "starting up..." whenever launching app ???
Gorgeous
Broken my heart ashika
Instool

It's work
Why are you making it megabytes hungry?  please make it leaner and faster... it is crashing frequently and freezing my galaxy gt-7562
Love using it :)
Nice wonderful
R
Mne
No wordsssss
the old adage, if it ain't broke don't fix it should become your motto
Good
i love it
Rajput ki Telwar ki dhaerrrrr
Its good
Too Bad.......
Since latest update, can NOT see any pictures on any posts or status updates, just shows blank box with lil icon in middle rotating like trying to bring up. I have uninstalled and reinstalled several times, still nothing, have sent 3 reports, still nothing, this is only way I have to see pictures of my grandchildren who live out of state, this app is useless so my only option will be to get rid of FB all together, and that's just sad, use to be great!!
gud aap
I like this app.
WHY DO WE NEED TO DOWNLOAD MESSENGER??? ITS FORCING PEOPLE TO DOWNLOAD AN APP THAT THEY DONT WANT OR NEED!  PEOPLE SHOULD HAVE A CHOICE WHETHER THEY WANT TO DOWNLOAD MESSENGER OR NOT! WE SHOULD STILL BE ABLE TO ACCESS OUR INBOXES USING THE FB APP WITHOUT THE USE OF MESSENGER!  ALSO IS IT POSSIBLE TO HAVE THE FB APP MOVABLE TO OUR SD MEMORY CARD....IT TAKES UP FAR TO MUCH INTERNAL MEMORY SPACE IN PEOPLES PHONES....WHEN I DO AN UPDATE...4 OUT OF 10 TIMES I GET "INSUFFICIENT STORAGE SPACE"
Cannot chat without message app
I'm not gonna download the messenger app, that's more mbs on my phone, even more access to my phone. What's the point of separating two things from ONE?!?!?!?! Is it really faster?(that was a rhetorical question) I've been wondering why my phone is ALWAYS running slow, it because of this app,it uses TOO MUCH storage space. you guys already have access to my phone, why do you want more?!?! Forget this app, so far the worst app ever, thought I dl'ed worse. But FB, you're on top of the list. Forget you!!!!!!!
Ilove face book
Sucks
good
Updated news!
nice site
Won't load notifications, closes as soon as I click to like or comment on anything shows things from 10 days ago when filtered for most recent...the list goes on this SUCKS
So slow
Very very nice
It was very lack after updated! please fix this problem!
Every month it says "Error Loading News Feed" What the HECK!!
I wish it had an option to put it on my sd card.
it's now a great app
I cant see videos and upload after this new  update
OK
i try to upload a video and it closes the Facebook app and wont let me get back on.  most people just like posting pictures, videos and updating statuses. sometimes ill only get news feed from yesterday and not get accurate news feed from today. im Preety upset.
U never got new news feeds always old one
Its so heavy it kills so much phone memory
When o log out can't log in y
Easy install
I loved this app but fb you decided that i cant read my messages without installing messenger from that day i uninstalled everything pertains to fb. You took my choice away, i took my membership away. You acting like we need you more than you need us. The truth is you don't love us you just want to make money from us and that's why you can't make decisions for us and leave us with no choice. Bye for now fb bring back our choice i will come back. I lived a happy life before fb i can do the same. So go away
Still waiting for fix its broke again no pics. Hello 9/14/14 this crap is all messed up
The story was that I did not receive notification. I tried to fix it by choosing way of reinstall the app. But the connection was too bad. Now I have to access my page via Web browser. I can play youtube with my internet connection so I think your facebook server should have some problem.
Can you make it can upload music ? Plz
Good app
Bigger,better,broader
Its soooo good
It is just awesome
Relation ship devloper
Eats up useable space on phone even when its bot running it collects a lot of data. Wtf
All the time Facebook is not responding and I can't get notifications for one could u plis sort this out and I will rate 5 stars plus.
I don't like It
Slow & Wastes battery !
Error loading news feeds, first i thought it was just my connection, but i can watch youtube vids smoothly, pls fix it..
Good
Facebook can be a pain in the neck when it decides to stop working . Other else than that its okay.
Sony Xperia SP
Ek no.
very jhatu apps.
Aditi roy vatse.
When i go on my news feed it only shows news feed from days past. Like 2 or 3 days ago
Fb open
If i press facebook app it's always like report goback , what's the problem ? . Pls fixed it right away .
Excellent
Tooo goood
V good
72566
Nice !!
Love it
Superb
Fb
Very very nice app
Easy to use
I'm done
Facebook is the Best of world but I request u to new version...
Love it just wish I could watch videos and change the color of my fb.
Does not load
With my new system update for my tablet, facebook keeps closing before i can look at anything. It is very annoying.  Please fix this!
Great
Every time I update this app, I become even more disenchanted. Today I'm officially ditching this app and accessing Fb through my phone browser.
I can't even log in to my facebook. It says error and I can't answer my messages from the messenger app either!
go to settings>applications>manage application and click Facebook application and clear the data. Open your Facebook app, log-in and see the results. I hope this will work on other devices cuz i already fixed mine. Note: my android version is v2.3.2, didnt know yet if this will work on other devices.
Yes
Great !
You cannot send messages through the fb app and have to download the facebook messenger for the purpose which I hated
Best web app
This is not my phones fault as my tablet crashes constantly on this. Seems to crash when you try and open it.
Very good
Good
Ok.....issssggg
My notifications button gets stuck. It won't show me my notifications. I can close and reopen and it still won't work. Ugh
This app keeps coming up as incompatible, hope they fix it soon Weldon as now been 2 weeks and still nothing has been done not happy Sony or Facebook
I liked this ap most
PIMPIN
haven
If I wanted the iPhone version of the Facebook app, I wouldn't have bought an Android.
Nice
It like
Being able to do this on my phone has drastically improved my love life. Jus sayin..
All time password  asking bt nt gvn fb. sry  to say plz dnt wast tym  gd byeeee
Well it was a good run FB... But forcing me to maintain two apps was it. I'm done using your service. Me and my tiny little mine of data you sell to advertisers are heading elsewhere.
FACEBOOK
Use to work great.  Now pictures never load on news feed and super slow.
Yass
A sucktastic suckfest of suck suck.
All of sudden last few weeks fb is is flashing excessively.                Driving me crazy if continues will have to uninstall permanently no time for this type of errors  causing communication difficulty with fb & messenger delays reponse times slows down my phone . Causing me to shut down everything &; restart over & over just to annoying love my FB but no time for games. Will have to resort to another type of communication if continues .
Videos don't show correctly!
Busy and happy
Hiiii
Very nice facebook ....
Blah blah blah
Good one..
Wow been 4yrs and you guys still can't get fb right, now due to the recent update the phone won't even open the log in page. Been waiting for 10 min (smh) epic fail.
Videos are not playing, error shows
good
As the title says the fb app forcecloses...alot! Doesn't happen to all my other apps, so its a fb problem. Please fix, very annoying.   Also messenger is making the whole thing laggy. I don't like little icons with profile pics appearing in the middle of my screen, notifications were good enough.
It freeze everytime I scroll down some pictures. Please fix it.
I love to use Facebook in my phone.
Is super horrible app! Loading super slow slow slow!!!! Hopeless app!! Pls! Do something about it!
New look sucks!. Before i was able to watch videos on my phone but now i have to download it..i will give u 5 of u restore it to older version
It stopped working. What's the point of the app if it doesn't work?
I like this app very much
Every time I go on facebook its good but there is too much stuff like religion and people. Please ban it
Facebook
Excellent social platform
I love this application.
that's good
I cNt log in
Ntg
My name on fb is Selena Ramroop send me friend request
WTF Facebook...So I just discovered that you cannot edit a video post.  I'm not talking about editing the video or changing it I just want to edit the text portion of the post.  Really Facebook you wont let me I correct a spelling mistake!!!! This is so annoying!!
Using an Galaxy S3 on T-Mobile (I know; I'm sorry too). I've stopped using the FB app because it kills my battery. I can't even make a good evaluation of the app because of this. FB makes too many updates to a once decent app. Put the messenger back in so that it is an all in one app. Give me better control of my feed so that I see the friends I want to see and not the ones that FB thinks I want to see because they post the most.
hh
Good
Gd app
Always Pop Out Msg No Responding Force Closed  Pls Fix Asap
Got an update now it won't up renew my new feed. The pix just won't load. At all. Turning off and back on don't help.  Been two days like this just won't update pic at all.  Need to fix this.
I liki it
I have installed and uninstalled mobile FB twice because there is no connection so I won't be needing mobile FB
Bhut hi bdeya
Nice app but some time it create problem
Simply waste.. Please fb delete this app.. I'm better off using the mobile browser version.
Why would I need to install an extra application just for messaging. It is very irritating. At least allow the user to have a choice to install it or not.
Nice
Like it
Error loading news feed ? I have service and everything. Evertime i go to refresh feed tells me error, fix !!
Good look and feel and new improved UI
it is always unresponding . pls fix !
Works fine.
Good job Facebook! You've managed to ruin a perfectly functional app! Photos won't load, and Facebook groups have to be searched for, as they are no longer accessible from a menu. Worst update ever!
This app doesn't let me do anything. Takes forever to load everything. To fix it would be great. But everyone they try, it just gets worse
Ease of mind
Hii Good
Good
Very good....
Gud one
This app works very well but it does freeze alot of the time and takes up alot of memory
Alsum
I like it100 percent
I want to give this a 5 Stars but, error loading news feed ):
Very quick
Very good app.
The best app
24hr call out no call out charge ever
Fix this. App. Now Because. Is acting. Very stupid. And all if people. No going. To want. This. Stupid. App.  Fix. It NOW
This app is horrible keeps freezing has to force close everytime i open it
There so many new updates yay
Dewasi
Photos do not load in news feed. News feed will hardly refresh and load. Stops just a small ways down and won't show anymore. : (
Nice
Mare ek love story Facebook pa he Hui thi is leye use karo or aana sadhi ko dekhe bate kare
it freez all the gime
Most awesome social media ever!!!
Why does it need to use my phone and camera and personal contacts markzuckerburg is a sellout for nsa.
This app already take so much of space and so does the messenger... Its really irritating..
After a forced update this App will only stay open for 30 seconds or less before force quitting. Fix this ASAP because I will be deleting. Not even functional, have to use the web.
Rajura muna
Facebook
Neha jina
Love it
Its fabulouse
Yes
Very nice app.
Really cool but not this one the older version. In this nothing is good and new.
He is a good app
Facebook is the only way I can stay in contact with all my family ,friends and loved ones even though we're miles apart or just right next door. only problem that I have with Facebook I keep getting notifications that I don't want constantly cannot even get it removed that means my phone is always going off notification sounds that's what I mean please fix the problem we should have a way to remove it and didn't mean to put it on there and I would like for you to be off completely off other than that I love
Thanks a lot
Want it to be like FB app on Apple. Their app give ability to select friend except when posting a status
Good
Its a piece of shez
Thankyou
Chaminda janaka
I use Z
Awesome
From bad to worst 36 MB data!!!!! Bad performance Slowest app ever had
Most of the time its not responding
Facebook is faster than instagram
Error loading updates. Thats all I ever get and no amount of switching it on and off will sort it.
I don't understand why people are saying you can't message on the app when I can. Maybe it's just your phone :/. I don't see anything wrong with this app(That's just my opinion)
Good
Loved it
useless update. why do you have to replace the old version which is working properly with this new version which is not stable having some issues logging in and one's you where able to login you cant logout anymore. good job you made your app useless
No
Stop asking me to get messenger!
I can komunikasi by friend
I'm not going to read what Facebook wants me to read. I'm not using two applications for the same thing one application used to do. No thanks. I'm done.
i dont want to download another app for the little IM function!
Its too late
It takes more phone memory please reduce the app size
Great for keeping in touch.
Love fb
Yehey
as you'd expect from Facebook developers. Just a shame there's no alternative.  Update 14 Sep 2014: Another crash.  Update 14 Sep 2014 (2): frozen timeline, had to force close.   Update 14 Sep 2014 (3): Another crash.
Good
99069861
Itss slow and its so stubborn i wishh i never started using it
Pakistan
Love it
It keeps crash!!!
why cant put on sdcard? ? my phone always fall data I need to delete some data whenever I recieve notification. ..
cant load picture,cant see any picture
Informative, educational and entertaining!
Verry trouble app....
I can't logout!!!
New update soooo slow!!!
I don't want fb messenger why the hell is it need to be mandatory to install such useless app..
For an a older versions
If it isn't taking up all the room on my phone even when moving to sd card (?) its slow. Takes to long to think even though i had Facebook on this same phone for years and had it on older handsets and never had a problem with it. But recently its a nightmare. The messenger is smaller bUt i can't fit both apps on and i want to see news feed.
Every time I try to upload a video it kicks me off and when I go back into it it stays frozen on a blank screen... I hate it. Can you fix it or somethin. Anyone else having this problem?
For Nexus 7 2nd generation with 4.4.3.  Still slow slow slow!!!!!
Wow
Better Than Before :)
Keeps crashing, hard time keeping up with recent notifications, can't see ALL of my friend's posts, and it lags. N I refuse to download your FORCED UPON US ap.  FIX THIS MESS U CREATED.
Good
Awesome
This is such a great app I love facebook
Slow and pages won't load.
Good
N
Good
excellent
Nice
bad
9ic
I always have to update :/ then it forces me to dl the messenger. I don't want a messenger
Ok
Love it
I always have problem using this fb app because everytime i used it right after 10 or 15 mins i think. It'll stop working . Btw im using LG-E400 phone. Tnx anyway.
Love
sube ment
All of the profile pics & posts have blank boxes where the pics should be. (No pics are loading at all!) I tried uninstalling & reinstalling. I even deleted another app before reinstalling to be sure there was plenty of memory for it. I guess I'll continue using mobile FB for now! Plus I don't have to download anything or accept any permissions.
Won't let me connect to my phone or other apps like candy crush
It keeps crashing tire of ir
I can't reinstall the app, it's constantly saying unknown error. Pls fix this problem because if being on Facebook is gonna be this much of a hasslei just won't have one
Fog
Consume a lot of space
Crushed randomly.
Good
Wow really fb? I have a sony z1 and ment to be one of the best phones on the market and it can't even cope with the lags when viewing peoples newsfeeds and high ram use even videos watching till halfway or not at all. Youse need to fix these asap!
Sala hang hunda phudu aaa yrrr
The best!!!
The new version is rrally sucks, it will force quit without any reason
I love Facebook but since messenger has come, its odd :( because I don't like it.
Hi
Bright n clear
Awesome
0
Fabulos
You can never get to low when your so da

m high on the blessed hell ride
best
Nice
Good for FB lovers
I cant download it ....pls fix thanks
But they can easily do lots more to improve the app.
Need to make it easy to login
App crashing
Is ausome
Since the update.. pictures won't load
Love it
Amazing
It's awesome
Semarang 4,05oktober 1972
I love Facebook
After the recent update..app freezes.....
Good
No good
Thanks for sharing this with me
My news feed will not load!! I have great service an still.. nothing!
Nice
ew.
There is always too much "have to" add things. It was great when it first came out.  This app requires too much storage for what it is.
So nice
Good for connect
Awsome
Hoooo
Lovedit
Useless
Thanks
F fruit
Use browser)
I love it
Very good
I do not like how videos are automatically played. Takes up too much data credits.
lov ds app
It is really a good
Adil
Night    ;
Cant open the app on my Samsung galaxy pocket. What the hell is happening!
Good
so boring...low class
Love it
Nothing is showing, going to delete on phone.
It has it's problems just like every app but it works.
nceap
The best social media
Anjali verma
Web app is forever LOADING !
Plese fix this app is not smooth to use.
I'm tired of the news feed not loading correctly when it needs updated. Pictures and videos should still load one version behind.
Works well
Face book    Timepass
Very nice
Very nice!
B
That is one of my favorite app love it
Doesn't load and can't send messages to others. Plz fix it
it takes up to much room and you HAVE to have mesgger
Just fed up with the crashing!! 1 star is too much for this app!!
I like
Good
O love it
as you'd expect from Facebook developers. Just a shame there's no alternative.
Suka
Ok
Good
Good
With all the crazy things that fb has tried recently it not only freezes all the time but has errors
I have a Sony Ericsson and the latest android update (kitkat) when I installed the kitkat update it automatically deleted facebook off of my phone and when I try and install it again it says incompatible update. Plz fix this now
It doesn't load news feed or any groups garbage if you ask me
F
I'm tired of Facebook taking away options. The messenger app was the straw that broke the camels back. You thought I would download the messenger app. You thought wrong. I'm deleting the Facebook app.
New update crashes when browsing phones photo gallery. So annoying
Have to update almost every day why why why
All right but also annoying
I love it
Very helpful app for conact..
Sweet sweet chocolate... I HATED IT! Much like this app that does nothing but keep crashing

Nice, but I need to update the app every week.
News feed will not refresh at all! I've uninstalled and reinstalled and it doesn't help the issue.
All so good
Thanks
I cant update !!!
I love my fb page. It keeps me up with friends, news, n funny stuff. Messenger sucks though. Can't get it to download for some reason.
It doesn't synchronizing contacts to my phone HTC desire616.
Friends
This app is fab but I cannot use ittt :-(
But will work great if it uses lesser rom.
nice
Business Administration
Thanks for making us all connected....
Mindblowing
Horrible update
An ios style would be better
Ascome
The app doesn't work for me ! It can't open anything not even my profile! Can u fix this?
Why are yall making us use the messager app? Its worthless and most of us dont like it. You would get more if we didnt have to check our messages on a computer instead of our phones.
I am loving it
Great way to share pictures with family and friends to keep up when you just can't.
Ok, mast, fantastic, great
Ever since my last upgrade, I am unable to watch videos from FB as it keeps exiting on clicking any video link. Its still d same with d latest version.
fb is my frnds & girlfrnds. chating from in
Nice
Khan
I like this app. I lv it
Too much update available
Facebook keeps crashing on my galaxy tab 3 10.1
Very
I use FB all the time but the bully tactics to make everyone use messenger suck. I will delete my FB before you make me install an app I don't want.
This app is only getting shittier. Y'all need to fire some code monkeys.
Good
I love fb easy way for me to stay in touch with family and friends and the games are to bad either
I hat this abb
Mohamed
Was working fine until recent update. Now it constantly freezes up
Good app
Nice
Program shum i mir
Waw
Awesome buddy!!!!!!
Love this thing
Slow to load news feed, pics, comments.... everything.   Why so many problems lately?   This app worked fine up until a month or so ago.  I can load fb in my phone's internet browser with no issues so it is not my internet connection.....
Updating facebook app on ur set is the most enjoyable app.
Since the last update Facebook no longer loads pictures and does not notify me of my messages anymore.
Why can't you leave well enough  alone... your last update does nothing but freeze..
Facebook
Kriti
Please fix it , its getting annoying for not responding and exit automatically.
Ever since the recent update I am unable to load the news feed. Never had a problem before. Please fix issue.
This app make me faster on online
Should be able to customize it to your liking more like a web page.
I like this application:)
Terrible... Never had this problem. No pics and just keeps refreshing.
Every few weeks it seems like i open Facebook and the layout has changed. It's really unnecessary. I hate that i have to download messenger to view my messages...i don't have enough space for messenger, so every time i get a message i have to go and open my browser. It's really inconvenient. I wouldn't have a problem with the layout-which, if you will remember, we saw before and then they went back to the old layout- as long as it wasn't being constantly messed with and i could open my messages.
It is very awesome app
It is nice app .
Nice
Not att all...
Excellent
Very very good
Friendship
one of de best social media
My mobile always log bcoz of updating how many tyms they would like to update dis app?.. Its a huge im going to be hated this apps next tym grrr
Not good
Boek . Boek . Boek . Boek . Boek Boek Boek Boek Boek
good
Rubbish. Use your browser
There's no "reply" "edit" "delete" icon in comments >.<
Awsm
Everything was fine till this last updated. Now my notifications won't refresh. Please fix it!
Nthing  best   by this
Good...
I like it
I really like Facebook and i don't really have any requests besides the fact that people are allowed to invite you to play games and download them. It gets really annoying
Takes too much memory.if I didn't need this to play games.I wouldn't have it at all.this social network app causes to much trouble relationship break downs etc.
The newest update made it much better
like
Very. Useful application
Very bad update!!!!!!!!!
Good apps and design
B mnemonic do
I love this
Rehmli
Totally sucks!!! It doesn't have all the options. Even we can't chat!!! it uses a lot of memory and very very very slow!!! Battery drains very quickly!! Facebook failed!!! Sorry ;) :p
Nice
More useful aps
Too many permissions required for my liking. Facebook app uninstalled and account deleted!
News
Didn't appear the emotics. Please fix.
Good 1
I love this <3
Bad
Wht a great app so happy to be on it nw i can cht and cnmmct with my freinds
Good
Very love
I love fb
I like it very much
Loading news feed can't load regular. Very consunction plz approve it
Vvvvvvvvvvvvv... .good
Hi
Some times strucking
super
Its cool
N
Fix this.
Awsome
On
Good but always not responding
Every time I open always Error Loading News Feed and I cannot log out, it always go back on my wall..the posts are not updated...)-:
Great
Speedy browsing
It takes too much internal storage :(
geting better . keep it up
Fb
Good
Big daddy j
Ayaw ma download
super
Its working daam wrst, gets close byself. Using fb now a days seems bouring
Cool
098419822
Many People are Download in this application. Why? Because this application is so faster to log in :)
It uses way too much storage!!
Nyc this app
good 1
Mm
Design
It takes up too much storage... Should be movable to the SD card.. I will always say this but it Needds to be as fluid as ios man.. its better...but still sucks
Dhiren Bhatt
anak laki
uninstall this app. The updates doesnt help!!
Its great. I like this new version
Stop updating if still the same
Good
Good
Awesome
Memang terbaik..
Happy
But when I log it out its hard to open it again please fix for 5 stars
Coz da new 1 is boring
Good
Need a video saver
Its nice
Face book
It's really good to have it total time pass :)
Seraj Alam
la la laa ~
I m loving it.
Good but not better... I give five star. But I can't because it is slow. If you upgrade and make faster. so next time I will give five star.
Its not an open world u have search what your looking for
Very slow loading feed
Fuckkkkkkkkkkkkk
The heck not working?!!!
what is love
Keeps on logging out for no reason
Facebook
Update
Cool!!!
Great
Easy to post on the go
Friends
Nice app
This update causes everything to freeze and app force stops constantly.  Needs to be fixed.
Best
Force us to download messenger app? Why? Are they try to control us life or what? This is wrong. They have no right do that. Not everyone want messenger app. I'm not going download that crap messenger app because I don't like new messenger. The old FB messenger was much way better and work no problem.
Fantastic app that makes it easier to keep in touch
Very slow, keeps crashing. News feed all over the place and keeps skipping back to the top in the middle of reading stories. Was perfect but like everything,  you have to mess around with it and make it unusable.
I cannot delete easily my statuses that  I want to delete. I already touch the button but the comment box appear. Pls help
Awesome..
Mive
I cant delete my photos.
Every second day fb needs update??..you people make it 1gb app till 2015.
The application is lagging a lot after the recent update. HTC desire SV
N
Before matter
It freezes for a long time then crashes! This is getting annoying.
I can't send messages with this stupid app
Too many permissions Not even getting notifications from messages or posts they time out after  awhile
Thank's
I installed this update and now all I see is the refreshing circle on everything. Most pics will not load and news feed takes several minutes to update. This has to be the worst update Facebook has ever done. Search feature doesn't work either.
What is happening with facebook android app. You cant log in.please do something aboutit.
It crashes too often be useful on my Motorola Milestone 3.
Yeah
Nice app
I didn't have a problem until now. Please fix immediately!!!
Good apps to keep in touch

Quit updating every 2 days
reduce RAM usage :(
Facebook
It won't even load anything on the app, its like its running slow or something, had to uninstall it.
I hate this!!!!!
They removed messaging to force you to use their other app.
Amazing
Not text massege what happen my facebook
Bhainsora
Finally downloaded the update and now I can't even get on Facebook
Needs lot of space: (
Whatevaaaaa
like the fb tht hv updates~
Pesa demasiado! Ademas es muy lenta
It so nice to use .. very good very good :)
After an update on my Galaxy tablet, Facebook stopped working properly.   I am randomly being booted back to my home screen when I try to post or comment.  Now I cannot access my pages either.  Btw, this is not an older version.
IT IS THE WORST APP I HAVE EVER USED!!!!!!!
R
Super fast
Samsung 10.1 tablet app closes randomly. App sucks after latest update!
Facebook
Good
Buraahhhhhh
Fix this
I cannot upload pictures. I have a good network connection. What's happening to facebook. Pls fix it. Ty.
wonderful
I dont want the messenger app, stop forcing it on us. Would have given a 0 if I could have for this reason only.
Without proper network  it will not work, but compare to this whatsup is good, less network also it works.
Its ok
Facebook is social community site 2 enjoy frndssss
Parents will start a Facebook account for a kid under the age of 16 years old. And what these kids say to each other. And most parents do not pay any attention to detail, and it's disturbing when you have to block your own family because what they text and will post on there is VERY INAPPROPRIATE CONTENT FOR THEIR AGES. And if I'm not mistaken Facebook's Rules State that you Must be 16 years old to have an account. And yet parents are letting kids 10 years old and up to have a Facebook page.
Just thought I'd mention that.
I want to put two things. For example I want to put emotions and what I'm watching
Facebook
Just great, awesome :)
not working yet  .........useless thing
I love all the features of Facebook
Informative
Chooc chooc mera lora
Fix this and i give you five star
very good
The best ever
Great when you are Bored
I luv it this aap..
Jai mata ji ki said
Thanks for connecting very quickly
Lokhand Indarboc
App
Jembot
Manish bhandari
Great
Down loading is slow  please fix Facebook  is not loading.
Ok
Nice to see...but more time to spend in facebook....so waste of life time
LIKED
Nice App, i like it
I love this side
Facebook
Facebook
Facebook
Good
I like this app <3
Excellent
Takes up too much space with every new update...I'm not the only one getting fed up with this.
There isnot new
Nice
to come fast
Nice update
Syg
I can'rt upload pics and I can't even post my status .. the news feed is always on error :(
mano
Wohooooo
I can't install this app! Wtf >.\
When I write my Email say that your password is incorrect then when I write my Password it say that your Email is incorrect
Better
I don't want to install Messenger and I will not, so don't force us to use it. Forced apps are not cool!
Fabules
Surat
After upgrading to 4.4.2. This app is not getting installed. Someone help me out
Update is fake please don't update all time
Ok
Hancur
When i updated it. My phone got hung
A great sociol network
I can't log in goshhh
Shyam das
New update always closed itself many times.
good
ok
Its okay
Please fb, if you want to update this apps, you should think for long term, dont you force us to update, update , update all the time.
Fb location not working even after my GPS is on... It doesn't show "near" to my current location. Will rate it 5 star after this issue is solved.
Don't like messenger being taken away and "forced to download" a separate app if I want to talk to people....  no thanks facebook can go away now!
Its speed is very slow..
I want this app
Hiway patroL
So amazing
Good app l like it
Just happy & best
Muhammad
Whats rong my fb is force close
P,
Update not working on HTC phones
na super na
Good
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
It is an ok app but it keeps force closing and freezing up my phone I have to take off the back cover and remove the battery everytime very frustrating please fix and I know it's not my phone because this app is the only one that does it .
Easy way to connect your friends and relatives :)
now it takes long time to setup the app everytime before log-in
Uy
Nic app
What d fuck hate it to core still issue with loading videos app crashes
Lovely
it's the best facebook ups ever...
I tryed so many times but its not downloading not good may be my luck is not with..u guys pls..try once...
No facebook no life
Pls fix fb my fb is all just now sucksss plss fix it
I really like this app especially the free call...
Poo
Es estupendo pero un poco confuso
it takes two much time
Great application social media for the rest of this field will be given the best!!
Yes, because I don't want to download a separate crappy app just to see my messages. You can't even log out from that shi**y messenger app.
you lost me once you arbitrarily decided to split out the messaging service from the app. only using mobile Web now.
Loving Life!
Goood
saniya
Nice
Eka alap-alap arunzz
Workable
Life
Not running  video in Maicromax canvas4. A210
I really like it.. I'll give you 5 star if you fixed the one that is rude
Its cool and ok
Like it awesome
really slow.and take much storage *sigh* hey your boss super rich but cant fix fb and messenger into the good app
If God say yes
I zm sick of all the junk and spam that's on here now it's about time this was all removed
Good
Does it cost money didn't  uaed to let me no
Man
Good
This app keeps coming up as incompatible, hope they fix it soon Weldon as now been 2 weeks and still nothing has been done not happy Sony or Facebook
Nice!!!!
It's good for all
Verygood
Hit and miss
I love fb and my prob is it wont download on my phone every time I download it a "-24" appear error download
Fuckoof....!!!!! Why my app I have very late to open.....????????
DG P
M
V
A complete profile surfer.
406
It always just stop whenever  I open it.
Hmm
Control freak comes to mind! Why does facebook need to 'change wallpaper' or view network connections?! Do people actually realise what they're allowing facebook to do....
Wont update
A12345678A
Good
It was great but it doesn't let me watch videos :/
Good app like it
Baaska
Hello. I have decided to quit facebook app after the facebook messeges have been moved to the messenger. Its totaly a waste of memory for moving the msgs to messenger for no reason. There was no valid reason to move the messages to messenger. Whenever or if the facebook app will be complete again, i will re install the Facebook app. I dont want any messengers installed in my phone while i already have a facebook app installed.
Kk

Good  Exellent
nice but very dengers
Forcing me to use messenger......
Only if you'll not separate chat box from the main apps. I still liked the all-in-one apps.
Its saying to download messenger ha
Facebook ia always excellent.
What the hell??
K
Alla
Its helpfull a lot...
Okkkk
Very good.
V
Apload
Fb describe something new
It works superly ttmsp
Good app for android smartphone
Facebook new version is very cool and smart
Superb
Excellent
when im in newsfeed. it gets lag and then crashes. it always happens everytime i use facebook. pls fix. thank you :)
nniiicee

Nice
Freezes up when im going through stuff. Just gets annoying. Uninstalled cause it freezes and is slow and won't even let me log in.
Needs more speed. Logging in.. logging out. Pictures. Everything too slow. Using 4G on my S4.. you can do better
STILL CANT REINSTALL IT... Im tired of trying to download this app.
I have never had this much trouble with fb not loading my news feed. I have plenty of service and 4G. Why is fb being this slow to load?!?! I'm about to deactivate my acct if this isn't fixed soon! Its ridiculous.
Very awesome and it is a great idea and working on it anyway
50/50 becouse always hang,,,,,,,,,:(
It really helps me in communicating with my relatives far from me.
good
Awesome
Too busy in background at times I don't need updates. Needs to have a mode for manually refreshing only.
Omg i just got attacked by updates. -.-
why cant i log in.?? error error error well these updates are errors.!!
good
What happen? I cant log in
I hate fecabook
:)
I'm deleting so you can not sucker me into your stealing of information off my phone.
It took way to long to download
Its so fun to chat with long distance friends
How do you refresh and make all posts up to date(most recent)?
This is a worst aap dat i had installed in my cell..before it was ok bt nw after updating its shows no internet connecting though my wifi is very strong nd i can surf all browser except dis
Amanda Knox county
I used to enjoy this app but it sucks now with all the changes that have been made.  With each new update we loose more and more of the old Facebook and see more of the crapfest that is now.  Facebook started as a way to connect people and now is no more than a marketing scheme and way for people to make money.  So with these words I remove this blasted app!
Bast net work
This update suck because I have to download fb messenger
Excellente
services r febullas
Nice
Nc
Okay
even if other apps are working why facebook always show error connection something .. please fix ..
I love F.acebook
Way too much invasion of privacy. If I didn't need fb for school I would never ever made a fb. This is some serious BS!
Good app
Ok
SSbhat837@gmail. com
Loved it
Namaste
To download pic... then i take it off. Need to make it much more like desktop version..,THEN 5 STARS..sucky to call this Fb
ERor loading omg i cant wait ...
з╖зхз╥зрз╙з╓ з╓ з╤з▐з╤ з▀з╓ з▐зрз╘з╤ з╒з╤ зуз┌ з╙з┌з╒з┌зё Messages. з╗зр зфз╤з▄з╤ Facebook?
LOVED IT
Just want my fb. Page.I'm new can tell.
Last verison was good ._.
Not sure why the app wants to have access to so much personal information on my cell but i rather not allow such info to be so easily accessible. Also don't like how I'm obligated to download another app just to send and receive messages. Until things change i rather use the web browser. Less issues and way less invasive to my personal info.
Error loading news feed is on my screen whenever i opened it.. -______-               Uninstall..
MY LOOK DIDNT UPDATEE ! THIS UPDATE SUCKSSSSS
Nice..mmm.....
You guys suck. I can't upload a video at all.
Good
If I could give this thing negative stars, I would! The constant updates have turned it into a Jabba the Hutt sized resource hog. IF (and that's a huge if) it loads, it works for maybe 3 minutes before crashing. Every. Single. Time. When it's easier (and quicker) to boot up my laptop and go to the site, than running a phone app, there's a huge problem. I'm also pretty sure that their useless separate messenger app that they force you to download has caused a memory leak.
Facebook
;)
So faster
On my Moto X. It's just loading and loading.
Facebook is the best
Uninstalled it no friggen way I am giving them permission to access my pics and vids and forcing me to install messenger was the last straw
sorry that am posting here, coz i dont have any  direct link, for past few days what i am facing is every time when i try open the message on my android app it is showing me that switch to messenger, but why what if i dont want to download the messenger. tell me why this issue is happening, i dont want to download the messenger, it makes my system slow.  solve this issue.
Lo mas gue guiero en mi vida
very very very good
I am
Hate it. Ur forced to download messenger app & wants to look into ur device
Very nice Appsбн i have ever used
This is great and lovely!
is always logging out! And always has error updating my timelime and newsfeed.
I love it's so much easy
Nice ilove facebook
Too many notifications. .. need a way to my notifications from certain friends.
Bad bad bad bad
Facebook does not need to access all of this stuff on my phone. I'm the only one who should be able to read my text messages. My grandmother got an email from "me" containing pornography. I couldn't figure out why she got such an email until I looked at the permissions for the Facebook app. It can apparently send emails without me knowing. I'm done with Facebook.
love it
I CAN'T USE THE APP FOR MORE THAN 20 SECONDS WITHOUT IT CRASHING. SO I CAN NOT REALLY RATE THE APP BASED ON ITS CONTENT CONSIDERING I CANT EVEN USE IT ._.
Every time I try to open a message it keeps trying to make me install Messenger
L
Bhalobashi
....
Facebook downloading
I like it
I don't know why but it doesn't load it just says setting up faceBook and just carries on but doesn't load
Freezes my phone
To many crashes when im doing something it crashes and exits app plz fix this
Ever since the last update, Facebook crashes and closes every few minutes.  Especially when i click on any link!  Might as well justclose my account and delete it. On my Samsung Galaxy Tab 3.
App redesign is completely nonsensical. The fact that it's been deliberately made impossible to display the newsfeed by "most recent" (by default), as opposed to the useless foundation that is "top posts" makes this app a complete, utter frustration and overall misery to use. It seems common sense went down the toilet along with ethics over at facebook HQ. This is a farce mockery of end-user software.
Doesn't load! Always says an error loading! Why bother?!?! Crap!
I cant download this up in my phone so Sad !!!
The App keeps on crashing even if I'm not using it! Seriously it annoys me -_- Please do fix this.
bbb
Fb need to get their stuff together. I am tired of all the problems I am having since I have all these updates. I am going to delete my account if it don't get fixed. Enough is enough. It is supposed to be a good social site but it is getting to be a pain in the butt.
Nice
Nice
Always log so grrr
Alla
Awesome apps :-)
Can't upload pics! It's just one Problem after another.
All of humans has try it, not for animals and platns .. Hahaha
I love this app
SLOW
The app rarely seems to work when I am using WiFi, struggles to load news feeds. No other internet related app I have has an issue
I have to download stupid messenger to get my facebook messages?! Are you flipping serious?! NO!!
I refuse to dl or use any messengers you force us to download and that are linked to facebook. The regular fb messenger was fine the way it was! Let US CHOOSE WHAT WE WANT TO USE!! I'd give zero stars but I can't sadly.
Logged  out and back in shut my phone off ?? No facebook  apps work ....
Its ok but please stop updating because people want to instal fb its too much mb and its just frustrating
Best app
Ok even tho it freezes evry now n then..bt gud nonetheles
Awesome
Cannot find the settings that allows stopping the pop up message heads invading my screen.  Takes 3/5 goes to close them. Very annoying and more forced crap from FB
Its Facebook app... its boring, it has bugs
This version is unstable, it  constantly cuts off .
It is not working!!
Wtf ????   Ever
I like
Facebook
Love it alot
I have to install then uninstall and it will work for a little while. I have completely deleted the app now. My news feed never loads. Very disappointed. I love my Facebook :(
Dissatisfied I want to have my messages thru Facebook not have to download a app that invades my privacy
Very Good
It always making me having a hard time to log-in and then when Im already logged in. It saids " ERROR LOADING NEWSFEED" this really sucks! I have to uninstall and install it again!!!!
Love it more than the old facebook
Closes out trying to view a persons page.  All messed up.
What the hell is all with the updates? It's taking up space on my phone, and it makes me want to uninstall.
It having trouble long in why is it doing that
New update sucks, I don't like the layout and it lags, disconnects and changes as you try to post,like or comment making me hate it sometimes  Plus the news feed is not ever in right order of importance, getting tired of trying to find stuff amongst other issues. rollbacks to updates and maybe I will rate higher Fix and give option for old version
For some reason this app keeps closing on its on i cant update the status or nothing..... please fix ughh
Great

Maybe all of you folks complaining need to upgrade?
Fix plzzzzzzzz
Easy-shop.fast wiz to use prefekta. Love it. ...
Constant errors and useless updates. Please fixed it .
bom
Deleting, due to the fact the app doesn't work with my wifi and if I use my data it drains it and I don't want to install the messenger and I shouldn't have to.
Every since I got a new update, everything is downloading very slowly,  if it downloads at all.
Way to many issues if i could go lower than one star i would. Constantly closes!!! Tired of it
What would life be like without the  FACEBOOK?
Helpful because I can chat people around the world
Facebook has been flaking out for sometime, now when i post something it boots me off.  Trying to reinstall...will update if it works
Nice
Yes...
invades peoples privacy. totally not for me.
terbaek la
Wew
:-D :-D :-D
Omg it's so great
It's cool I keep up with my family and friends
Pleade take off the 'install messinger now' from the chat. I am perfectly fine with the normal chat and I do NOT need messinger. If you do this then I will give it 5 stars. Otherwise I will have no choice but to uninstall this app.
I hate the fact I cant look at my inbox! Stupidest thing about FB. Let people make their own choices whether they want to download the other app!
Facebook keeps on crashing ever since I upgraded to Android 4.4 (kitkat).  Pls help
always update update !!!!! until when?
HATE the new feed!! I want my feed to ALWAYS be in Most Recent. Now, things are all mixed up & I have to manually change it EACH time!! Grrr between this and what you've done with the Pages only being seen by about 7 percent of the people who have liked the page, it's no wonder your ratings have dropped a third almost 4th place!
Nice
I WANT THE OLD FACEBOOK WITHOUT MESSANGER!!!!!!I am tired of seeing the pictures of who is on fb.This is quite annoying.We are having something crammed down our throats that WE DO NOT WANT.
liked it
Its always freezing...
How much updated the2015
Waste time
Could you please enable text select, and video save like the browser version?  Thank you!
Slowly
Was working great until the second to last update. .. now it freezes every other day. .. and messenger,  really,  I NEED to install it. .. what a piece of crap!
Got tired of using internet so I got yhe all and its cool
Keeps crashing
Ever update it gets slower plz make it faster
It will be no Facebook app, the worst thing is the obligation to install messenger to chat with people , then those updates ! This app is stupid ! uninstalled it
Facebook app was better when you could chat without having to download the messenger app.
It's part of my lifetime.
I liked it
I've never had any problems with this app before. But for the last couple of days it won't refresh and if it does refresh it won't load any pictures.
Fare
Is love
I can keep in touch with family and friends
Really wish it would stop setting to top stories! Really dis like having to use fb messenger! Fix this shiiit
I love this app
It take a lot of data
at a minimum of three times a day it crashes on my Android ever since the whole IM fiasco started and I UN installed it!!!!
Update not working,fix it asap
Sasikala gamage
I cant watch videos on my fb pg
Omg I deleted this app several times to. Come back to no change its taking too much space in it really isnt that good anymore fix it FIX IT !!!!!!
Takes a heck lot of memory
Mary Asha
The fact that I have to have two apps to use one is ridiculous
It always log, and always  says unfortunately Facebook has stopped!  When you will make it faster?
Won't download keep getting an unknown error ! Always something dealing with this app!
After latets update Facebook starts being an unresponding app. Forcing me to Force Close after scrolling a few times in News Feed.
Alquran nil qarim
K
Previous versions worked fine but this latest version crashes frequently. Simply viweing news feed...crashes. Click to see comments on a post...crashes. A video auto-plays despite having the settings configured to not auto-play...crashes.  If I could, I would give this app 0 stars.
Great app...!
It needed messenger how come....
I will always love facebook
Mr louie
The app freezes when i click someone's pictures. Please fix it. Thanks
Its a great app just needs some upgrades.
Make FB App as simple as possible!! It's annoying.
It shouldn't need to run on so much memory.
I've tried the help options but I still can't recover, my account!!!!
So bad stops more than any app in the app store
Bad
Was having slight connectivity issues that I was able to resolve myself. Overall good, but stop trying to overreach and update all the time.
Love's
Very good
Its wont load. It just closes the app right when i click it .
Facebook
good and fast
I love it...let's me communicate with my old buddies:)
Stopped updating my feed.
First of all, it takes up too much space, so much space that I already deleted almost all of my apps. But in the end, this app is just a piece of  cr*p
Face book
Excellent
I cant upload some.photos. videos .. I.am.requested.for allowing.me to.  uupload. it.  ...thans and.God blessv
login to slow please fix it
Good app I'm like it so much.
Lizzie schubert my girl love it
Why oh why oh why does Facebook news feed stop loading on this app late in the evening?
worth it
Won't let me post anything
Love it
Its all mess up. Nothing works right now. When it went to messages I've got all Ph # Gmail. Email.all belonging to people I dont know. Even worse my web crashed. Now I got to get new phone due to enternal damage.
Good
Love it
Can't move to sd card, but takes up over 100mb. Come on.
Never have given me problems n helps me keep in contact with family n friends away from home when I don't have my laptop!
It forecloses alot!
I like it but it wont let me download it again
Facebook
I actually love facebook and the entertainment and connection it gives me. But today it stopped letting me read my messages from the regular app and want me to download ANOTHER app just to see my messages... Really? We've all seen the video ON FB about all the "access" messenger has to your privacy and NO that's NOT COOL.  Why would i have two apps that can AND DID do the same thing. For now ill just use the internet browser to get to my message. Y'all can keep that messenger BS.
Pretty good
Can't reply and when I click continue reading on a post inside a page  then go back to page it began from the top :-(
Some minor glitches while comparing to the pc version...
Ok
I it's ok
Uploading videos will cause the app to freeze and become extremely unstable, this is with LTE internet and LG G2. Best not to update to this current build. Install, uninstall did not fix it. Phone is now hot from trying to run the app in the background. Horrible update, and this complaint is falling on deaf ears.
Downloading of this application is so slow...
Awesome
The updated version is really awesome :p
Ita good
I'm not gonna download the messenger app, that's more mbs on my phone, even more access to my phone. What's the point of separating two things from ONE?!?!?!?! Is it really faster?(that was a rhetorical question) I've been wondering why my phone is ALWAYS running slow, it because of this app,it uses TOO MUCH storage space. you guys already have access to my phone, why do you want more?!?!
Nothing is loading at all first time its happened bt its not letting me do nothing at all
WOOT DE BEST
y
Muachhh
Social media and your friends and family members who are looking to find someone will keep up to date with all your favourite social behaviour
It helps me keep up with ever thing
:)
What the h man I can't log in it it say that slight incorrect spelling.is there anyway of changing the email
Error loading feed. Go to Google and use the mobile version. Works like a champ every time.
Plus Good Security

Ok
Error loading news feed
Werqy
Useful
Vannelson sadick
APART FROM THE FACT IT'S NOT AVAILABLE WITH ANDROID 4.4
Issues some times. Too many notifications
Hard to log bk in sucks
Too many invasions in privacy for my liking. Great app if you didn't want so much access to my personal information.
Stop implementing new 'features' and start listening to the community. We want messages back in the app and not in a secondary app.
I'm annoyed messenger is no longer available.  I don't want to get messenger app. My feed also refreshes while I'm in the middle of the page bringing me back to the top.
My Facebook app on my phone has the largest MB size, playin around 170mb I think, making my phone a lot slower than it suppose to be! I only use an Alcatel One Touch Magic, and I got no SD card, that's why i hate it. Its much better if i use the web version instead of the app itself!
Afew qlitches on app need sorting out before I can give it a better rating
I do love to be on fb bcause it is encouraging
KGOTSONG
It takes too long to load
Verry good this apps nice
I love this app and I love my Facebook I give this app 5 stars
The app is cool, although there are some bugs..
It seems i've been blocked by clicking like to my friends status/photos so suddenly. I didn't even change any settngs. Pls fix!
Incompatible update, thanks now il hardly go on as I do not use the laptop:-/
All day pics don't load. Have sent several reports. Ditto all previous comments AND why does an entire comment section repeat itself? I will go through and entire section of comments and the whole section will repeat itself again, always starting with the same date something like December 19th 1996
Its Facebook :p
It is awesome
Awesome
A site i social with friends /friends
Good
Everytime i try to upload a video facebook crashes! Please fix!
Proud of you my friend.
I love this
Keep scrolling back to the top when thre is a new story. It also keep updating every minute.  Why do facebook do it in android.
I love facebook so much because I can text my sk and family and friends all the time day and night
Chronicles
Good
What the..
I really don't want the messenger app, it's garbage. LET ME MESSAGE FROM THIS APP
Use and see
Remind back those old days
Awesome
Omg
It is faster and easier to get connected wirh your  friends and family and you also get notifications too
I want posts from my frd show in my news feed but not promotion or advertisements
Love
Aaaaaaa
Slow
131Mb after downloaded and installed and setup. About to just use my net browser for facebook and screw the app.
Ever since installing the update all Facebook does is open and lock up. Have to restart my phone about 10 times a day now.
Love facebook
think about it...
Ever since I downloaded the messanger app fb has been freezing, very slow and not enjoyable at all. Hate it.
Thats called stocking .
Good
Very useful
Its good
Used to have no issues but constant errors with loading news feed.  What gives?!  Besides that very convenient
I love this app
Nice
Yesssss
Its not downloading
How do I completely remove this p.o.s? I've uninstalled but it will not leave, and is causing my phone to not function correctly. I can't update anything unless I force stop this app first, its constantly doing something and I friggin hate it.
Facebook- Josemene Madeus
Uninstalled cause messenger sucks.
My news feed is never complete/up to date even if I select most recent. And now, photos just buffer and buffer and buffer some more. I'm on my home wifi with a fast/strong signal - and, yet, issues galore. Meanwhile, that ridiculous messenger program of yours works fine. Fix the goddamn app.
Once again my location isn't working...why can't it be like the iPhone app where it's location is always on unless it's shut off?! Irritates me...
You guys should remove your crappy messenger app
Ok
Like it it really works well
Hassle
I don't have a Facebook. But my friend loves it because she uses my phone to be on hers lol
Awesome
Now it keeps freezing and you cant message without downloading the messenger app separately
Xalia
Always crash..always gone my signal...always TRY AGAIN!!!
Too much storage
Please bring back The option to get into Messages without download messanger
Rubbish
:/
Don't want to download Facebook messenger.
Cool
I had to install it then i had to uninstall it so that's just a waste of time when u can be doing something rather then that.I'm so sad right now
Since the most recent update (in August?), the Facebook app works like absolute crap. It doesn't load half the time, it freezes constantly and crashes my phone. And it's the only app that does it, so I know it's not my phone. On top of this, Facebook randomly decides I need to see posts from days previous that have no comments? Not sure why. I can barely use the app anymore, because I literally cannot scroll past two posts without the aforementioned freezing. Frankly, I'm just disappointed in Facebook.
Will not load any photos. Only shows grey box.
Facebook
It is awesome
Fix Fix Fix..i want my old layout back. Since updating..i cant open my videos and I refuse to download a seperate messanger. Facebook stinks anymore!!
Rating its .......
DOES the App update every hour !!  I lost my internal space .. And everytime when i open the app it says that there is no connection ! Although other apps are working.. it need fixing quickley or i'll uninstall it forever !!
I was born with facebook in my veins...And Mark you rocks.!!!
DISLIKE how it almost forces me to download messanger.
amineh Alkhatib
Freezes a lot
forever good
I relax with it
When is the issue with Facebook locking up and closing randomly going to be resolved. It's very annoying! Fix it please
Always had a problem loading the news feed.
Love the new code in the app to cause my phone or tablet to upload my personal phone contact list and any other information or data I may have. Kinda fucked what you find out about apps like Facebook when you put a data logger on your phone.  No more Facebook on me phones or tablets. And people wonder where the scammers get thier cell  phone numbers.
I love it
Keeps crashing and seems to need 80 to 100MB of storage space, which is slowing down my Galaxy S2.
Perfect software to use
Me
Awesome
good
You can't message people anymore you've forced us to download the messenger app and it slows my phone
Its ok there's. A few bugs but not bad!!!!!!
Bad application !
Facebook awesomee
My account
The app freezes..it keeps doing this for days now.
Its stupid that you are forcing me to download messenger... it is way to big for my phone to handle and I hate the app... so goodbye... I will be uninstalling that facebook app also and switching to another fb app that doesnt force me to download an app that freezes my phone and takes up too much space...
Its a little slow but its ok. At least I can go on Facebook on the go.
I hate when app is forsing me to install other apps
Its in okay app but sometimes its slow
I hate the new messanger. Won't use it. Facebook keeps giving me error page and won't load. And I can't get it to log out. This update sucks.
Now i can keep in touch with my friends
fb not working after last update
If you want to use their messenger you have to download a completely different app and that's really annoying I also dislike the ridiculous amount of ads theu now have ...it fills up your wall and you don't get to see any of what your friends are posting because of it..The app also eats up your battery life..do not recommend downloading this app at all...
I like it
News feed loading error... I mean what the heck is this???
Hate it, always makes me sign in. Iys bullshit. Should dump it on my phone, just use at home.
Facebook always not respond, every 5 mins it crashed once
That's amazing
Facebook update
Love it love it love it.
Tablet user cuts out every time i try to share makes using uninjoyable !
To many bugs.
This app is crap just like facebook staff
I
Lovely to chats
My phone heng
Good aps
My spot lol
Hmu
sangat bagus
#amazing
Since I upgrade the android version from 4.2 to 4.4 Kitkat on my Sony Xperia E1 the Facebook apps then not appears, I tried to install several time from playstore still cant work, theres a notice when installation finish "incompatible  update".. Very hesitate, please tell me...why???
i can not open my inbox it showing to download Messenger; i don't won't to download it..... please remove that add now.
:))
Mail
Nice
Can' t log on since downloading this app!
Nice
The error downloading keeps popping up. Please fix, plus the messenger appбн we should be able to have a choice in using the app. Instead of forcing the users to download in order to message. Please fix that as well
Many problems occured ! My chat box is not working ..
Forcing users to use Messenger instead of fb app is crazy idea.
With each Facebook update it gets slower and more of a resource hog.
Thanks
Just Dope
Links are not working for me. Every link i click facebook crashes
Way!!! Tooo much face!!!
Audatious
I hate Facebook but when I updated it, it made it a lot better.
and optimise for tablets. I don't care about messenger so glad its out..
I can't send requests out because it says I've been blocked but I have not sent random request out to people and added them I haven't done that why is Facebook blocking me when I know these people that I'm Adding please fix
Keeps flashing and have to uninstall and reinstall
Nice
The Facebook application is robust, with many features and serves a wide variety of social purposes. I just don't like that the messenger was splited into a new invasive app.
Awesome facebook
Latest update is even worse than the last.  Pictures and video do not load, and even text takes forever to come up.
Great app
Wondering why I'm not able to play videos anymore??????????
Semith
Love this
So.....
Facebook
I still can't watch videos
Maybe
Fat
Rubbish. Change it please. Oh and now I have reinstalled I can't open the app. Wtf?
Who doesn't like Facebook?
Hh
Like me  ... Lol
Sabajo
Love it
Facebook
Sweet
V good apps
Its facebook what more do I need to say????
Love the new style
Glad this app prevents me from ever really needing to use Facebook on my desktop, but this app is and always has been a bit non-standard which gets annoying sometimes. Facebook always wants to reinvent the wheel. Does a good job overall though.
I am not downloading a second app just to message people! I have texting for a reason and the onky reason I go on Facebook is to talk to friends without phones and I'm not downloading a SECOND Facebook app just to message someone. If they don't bring messaging back to the original app soon I will be deleting it. I'm tired of seeing a message notification and not being able to open it.
The app loads images vry slow!! And every tym i try to view an image it force closes!?
Facebook does not fit the full screen on my kobo vox ereader, but it used to. Please fix
Nooralam haba
Get it and see
Like like

Since the updates it runs slow
Awesome
Not bad
Aside from the fact that the latest versions of the app keep crashing and closing it down, what is going on with the newsfeed?! After I have scrolled down for a while, the newsfeed starts repeating itself and I have to scroll through all the same posts I have already read. Also, the posts are so out of time now, some of my main posts are from days ago.
Takes a lot of storage very heavy n slow!!!!!
Kul app
Buna
Great for the phone or tablet
Keep in touch with family !!!
GamalEdres
its ok i would give it 5 stars but it closes by itself ...
It sucks!!!! How many updates do you need
I love that I can stay in touch with my family.
Impersonal enough to say that this is front row seats to idle chatter and a reminders of our social decline and reality of delusion is real. So much so truth is criminal myth at best. Likes pokes a generally lifeless conversion to nowhere.
All my other apps run fine, so it's not a signal issue; but it won't load any pictures whatsoever. Very irritating.
Don't make us use the other app either.
It just sucks all together
Great!  Download NOW!!!
It is very big i hate it realy i hate it but it is good
Worst update ever! has so many error
You need to be able to find comments easier. When my friends comment on stuff I can't find their comment for like 10 mins. You should have a seperated bit of the comments section to see what your FRIENDS said.
Amazing
I don't want to use your stupid messenger app. Why do you guys keep trying to make me use it. I DON'T WANT TO USE IT
Gooood
Consumes too much ram and battery... loads slow on slower 2g networks... pls reduce app size.I hate ram draining apps.runs in background even if notifications off.I installed then uninstalled it several times.
Nice
like it
Initially it was said that all of the intrusive permissions were only associated with Messenger...I had to do a factory reset on my phone and went to reinstall the FB app on my phone and found out that it was with the App as well. NOT COOL!!! Why does FB need to have complete control and access to every part of our devices? Something isn't right...maybe just another conspiracy theory but hings have gone too far. Web only FB user from now on.
When I try to login it gives me problems every time.  It keep telling me that my pass word is incorrect or i slightly miss spelled my password.  I'm tired of receiving notifications for peoples that's not my friends. Bring the old version back, please. Thank you:-)
Fabulous.
Good
Crashes all the time. And you cant do key features like tagging groups, pages, or editing posts. Works better in browser!
Its getting slow kmt fix plz
Privacy issurs
Facebook is always reposiding  because you can call your mom
Thanks play store family
App with passage of time gathers lots of catch space ,  plz make app sd card moveable and give it ability to store most catch data to sd card , 4.2.2
Nice
This app sucks bigtime! Slows down my fone, accumulates too much cache and data that it fails to update my posts
:-*
No comments
Facebook is demanding to be to intrusive into our private lives.
Nah this app is slow and glitchy to where I couldn't use it and it was flashing colors like wtf
Very bad. It's crashing when using. All the Times.
Gpod
nice
I cant message anyone because of the messenger app... I dont want the app... please take it away
Alwyz not any effective updation.every time its a way of waste of data. Something should be better.
Shanthemus
U guys Jst give me headaches with ur stupid updates
Takes a lot of ram space and a lot of time to load.
With online games n' video
Good
I like this app
Love it
Takes up too much memory and forces you to download the messenger app just to read your messages! Wtf!? This app gets worse and worse with every update!
Robyn
Too much space , too Laggy , freezes
Its fast and good
Good...
hihidhabaamalifmisejikoonaafidebisuudide
App will randomly close. Need to get this fixed
Facebook keeps crashing! Not just for me but multiple people! Fix please!
Saya suka saya suka...mei mei..
Not bad
Too many updates -_- and still the same .... Notifications coming too late :/ wtf !
It is a battery hog app, requires about 30-90 megabyte of Ram to work, making your phone slow done, Over heats the CPU. Needs a lot of work.
Sooooo good
baik
Social Network
Facebook
Finally, I can open links without going out of the app! But, a performance improvement will be great regarding that thing. It causes lag, you know.
I found a way round the tagging and now It's gone again driving me nuts
Ram consumer
I loved fb
Love the app
1 app for facebook groups like page manager :)
Y
0/10 :(
You refuse to listen to fix this app. I am tired of my phone crashing. Using to much ram my phone barely functions. You have a piece of crap here and all these updates you are just polishing a turd.... heres news for ya... it needs redone. Do something different. This thing is usless.
Like
Haven't gotten notifications since the forced switch to the separate messaging app. Might as well just use mobile site.
I do not like the fact that Facebook is now forcing me to download messenger and I won't do it because it is a huge security risk to my device.
Urs
Loved it
Love it
Nice but slow and heavy
Pictures no longer load in the new update.
Totally rubbish appp
i love facebook but its a bit slow improve and i will be soooo happy
Every week new update. No good
Can someone tell me why this FB is not getting installed in my phone
Melhorou ao ponto de voltar a repor as minhas cinco estrelas.
Very good
It can access your camera and audio without your permission. No privacy.

Let see if it work, but if it not i will be disappointed...
Ok
Awesome app i would recommend to all
u can express urself
I like it this aap is very nice compare to opera mini nd many others.
:)
Spyware collecting private data forcefully.
Dear facebook.. you are the most stupid annoying thing on this planet!! What the hell happened to just being used for family and friends... now I have to install a stupid fu@##ng app just to send a message!! If you continue like this I will delete you completely!
Excellent
Why are you moving messenger? The in app messenger works perfectly fine for me. I don't want to change over to your new messenger. Twitter has DM's in their app, you should do the same. Quit trying to be bigger than you are, that's why twitter is so much more popular now.
If u want to send msg u also need messenger hmmmmmm so sad

its covers my all space in internal memory
It's an ok app nothing special
Good
Good app
I hate how they separated the messenger, now the notification won't go away. I dont want to dl the messenger app.
Seems like every update gets worse. Only shows old posts, and won't show pictures or videos. POOR.
Waheed
Need messaging service back in the app
Don't listen to conversations of me. That's not cool.
Pls
Suran.dinda
Jorhat
Could not sent friend requests
Best
Lovely
Hangs and sometimes can be closed plz fix it and get 5 stars
Cool
Looks great... N smart
Its fantastic app. We meet our older known people by this aap. Especially when they aren't in contact.But please don't misuse it...
Facebook
I using a newer Nexus 4 , not from an older version as it says below other peeps comments. error and sometimes up to 10 mins to open facebook app for past month,  and  now freezing and app force to close when uploading a photo. Before the app was great no problems, last month its been going downhill. please fixy problem. ty n advance techy's .edit add..uninstalled and installed. and when selecting upload picture it freezes and force shut down app. 12:30pm pacific time updated.
Aaaa
We got notified for update  it more day by day. You also not  provided pop up notification  on screen.  Please release a version who has stable more day and have also pop up notification on screen  when any commented  or posted. I also think you need best developer for apps who make perfect apps for facebook and no need day by day application update.  Your new update are using more ram after install.  Please change your apps developer.
Good morning
Hi,,,,,,
Love it
I like  fb
people bond
KRISHNA TUMMA
Good
LOL
I also wish bast of luck
Its amazing
HTC Max One
New looks good.I like it better than the old look
Y is this happening .....all bullshit ...whnevr i open this fb ...messages ...they cannot b opend ..n it is said to instl fb messenger ...fix this
Good work
Good
Recovery
M.D.
I like it. Superb Apps.
Chi.salman393
Very good service
Facebook app was fine until I updated. Now nothing loads at all. Nothing is working, can't see post I can't post NOTHING
Without Facebook. No life.
Red
Waste
Very nice.
Hy
Awesome,superb:-)
Don't need nor want a separate application jus for messenger it's completely unnecessary
David. Coleman
Facebook please stop trying to experiment with all these updates, it was perfectly fine until these updates. Can u fit the messenger app into the actual Facebook app. Like that's just pathetic of fb to have two apps. Plus these apps take up a lot of memory. And also there is an error loading newsfead literally every time. Also stick with latest feed first not most popular.
Its good but I don't know how to log out
Facebook
Nice
Nice

Don't know why it access my cell mic &camera!!
Cool
The new update SUCKS. takes forever to show facebook then it makes you force close the app. Needs to be fixed.
good
Awesome
It freezes and takes forever to update which that sucks for being a popular social website. Needs lots of repairing my suggestion..
Good app
Pics
Very nice
Great
I.love
boleh laa
Every time I get into somebody's timeline or even my own, it crashes and shuts down by its self really annoying please do something about it
Coooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooool
Need some more improvements
Won't show any pictures on my newsfeed
Yeppp
Really easy interfacing! Loved it...
Keep crashing
Stop fixing whats not broke
Great
Nice
Good frnds forrevar
Iife is enjoy
2
hi
Friends
Old is gold
I don't know what is crossing your mind that you think I want to install another heavy app on my phone. I will not install the messenger and if I can't find another way then I guess I just won't use Facebook .
So fast easely use it now
Opening in broswer is faster thn using da app. Dnt undrstnd y the app response times are not improved like that of black berry
give us the option of changing our names our friends and family knows who we are.let us delete our accounts if we want without having to wait 14 days thats stupid...
Its working very nice in my samsung fame mobile............
When ever I try to install it won't let me. I'm giving it a one.
Good nd more comfort
Superb
Super....but slowww
Doesn't work Right. Problems with post, news feed. .. Don't want to see everybody elses junk
Little bad
Old version was good. With the new version I can't chat
Plesa
Farakwai
It's good but works a little bit slow
best company and app of the world for this iproud of u gohaan gutenberg
Love facebook
Really sick of thIs app. Deleted.
Cant open this app plz fix this problem
Its have to be a option to download the messenger app not a obligation cause i love the facebook app but now it wont let me read my messages if i dont download the messenger app and honestly i dont want it i only want the facebook app and read my messenge as usual without messenger, please fix this and let the us dicede if we want it or not.
Hi...i hv update again yesterday n waoww
Good app...
It slow down Ur phone
Addicted
It's good but sometimes os stuck
Love Facebook
Poor
Semaye
It wow though sometimes very slow
I don't like that I need to download another app to message on Facebook. Useless. The messenger app didn't even work on my phone do I'm deleting this one too.
Superrrrrrr
Good and best advice to down lod it
Takes up too much space on my device and in my opinion Facebook is becoming full of too much. . .  Reminds me of MySpace with slightly less adds, wait unless you account for the constant and never ending "game invites" that seem to never stop.
Erghh bad
Bad
Way to many permissions
I love facebook
Loved it

Its good !!!!
Eversince the update, it lags like a dead snail. Like wow. Seriously
Great way to communicate
Since the last update my newsfeed rarely changes. All I see is my close friends.  Can't change who views individual post.  Ready to uninstall.. Can't upload any photos either
Facebook awsome
Plz reduce the apk size and it consume more Ram
Old version q a raha h i needed new version plz fix it
lovly
Isn't working.
Samu
Cannot see the messages unless I install the Messenger app. Heck if I would. Not gonna happen. Where do I need to go to get the older version?
Nice
Bad bad
Not happy!!! :-(:-(:-(
TOO MANY UNNECESSARY UPDATES!!!
Feed up with update
Morning how are you
Don't allow to control your maid and make it lazy  be careful  own duty and responsibility to surrounding
Sexy
Everytime I open this app the same message shows
Unfortunately, user Facebook has stopped. Foreclose, wait or report
Don't bother to download
Since FB has become intrusive it's also become less reliable. With all the internet spying they've begun doing has also come a limitation on our user use of programs.
Iwhantmanyfrand
No control over news feed. Last update keeps crashing.
Bakwaas......
Cf
America
I did like Facebook,but now its got way too big.uninstalled it since previous update,now won't reinstall-insufficient space. Useless updates make it crap and why the hell won't it install to my SD card?-that'd at least solve that problem
Li love it
J.patel
Amazing app
I like it it keeps me busy
Loria
Nice app
I've been having to use my browser to use facebook. Every time I try to load my news feed it either says error loading news feed or no internet connection. Please fix this and I'll give more stars.
Seems more to be downgrading than upgrading. After so called upgrading, the app will hangs and gotta force close and rerun the app again. Happens many times a day. Plz fix it asap.
Facebook stop messing with your people you will find we stop using you like myspace
Gun pwser
Arya
Give me back the option to have Most Recent as my default feed setting. Keep seeing the same garbage and missing what's important -.-
Krishna
I dislike this new fb update i cant log in or log out! please get it fix
Pintu.Singh.Baghel
COOLEST APP EVER
Awesom!!!!!
My best job laiet fiting
I'm using the app
Facebook
Average
No one can ...
Super
Its the best
Manu
Like it
Yes
You
Nirmal dahal
....I have many words to say but. first I miss my son's ......
Best app..!!
I
Sick of app crashin
Jeo ji bhar k
Good app I have it I am suggest one and all to download it
Since update, constantly freezes and crashes
Kaium
Still hate worse
Nyc
It always force closed (or closed it self) on Samsung Galaxy Note 2 running android 4.4.2
Nice site
Please fix. 5 stars as L is only beta
I have a samsung galaxy note 3 and the app keeps freezing and will not refresh on its own, it's annoying.  You have to go to the home page of the phone in order to get out of the app.
Lg
Gud time passer
Somehow it freezes now after the last update.. after a restart, works perfectly.. then freezes again
Edelyne joseph
Nice
This useless app stops at least twice a week . WTF ?
Its good love it
love it
They are forcing me to download the useless messenger!
Very bad app
Love it
Getting Much More Better...
Works fine only if u have like the fastest internet. Doesn't show birthdays and some of the settings are missing
Excellent
Excellent App
Facebook
Nice but not the best..the other new chatting webs are being more interesting now
Viswaprasad
Best app
Thanks to your stupid app permissions,  I've uninstalled both the Facebook and Facebook Messenger apps! You suck!
Unbelievable what they want to be able to access!
On slower machines (mtk dual-core cpu with 1GHz/cores, 1GB RAM) the background tasks kill the machine and makes it just so slow.
Good
Also cut me off my account
What happened to the most recent news feed. I get news feed which are like 10 days old. 
Qit
Always shows an error
I am able to type my info in the email field but I can't type ANYTHING in the password field.... It only shows the letter when I press it then it just deletes the letter.... Uugghhhh.....uninstalling AGAIN.... Please fix because I miss using this app
Verygoing
I have an iPad mini with retina display ...there the performance is much better
Quit with the stupid updates I've never had a problem with Facebook till the recent update now it freezes every few minutes and runs so slow not to mention I don't notice anything "new" or impressive with the updates. Also listen to your users and make the main news feed the most recent news feed I hate seeing the same things all the time I check Facebook to see what friends posted recently not post from 5 days ago just because someone commented on it. Fix these issues and then your rating would go up.
Madanlal
Awsome
Need some tips..
Priya
Facebook addict :) it makes me happy
App crashes every now and then.. most of the times it doesnt even startup on my lg p970.. fix it please
Nice
The shortcut for Facebook does not allow me to open Facebook. Please fix it! It is getting frustrating to go to app store just to open the app.
I really dislike the way we are now forced to use another app for messages. My phone has enough running as it is and I don't like the extra permissions I'm forced to agree to just to get my messages. No thanks, will not be installing it!
Nice
Great
Chauhan
I'd like to see an option where you can see all posts by a person made in a group by searching their name in there on a search tab. Is this possible? It'll be easier than scrolling.
Good app
Its alright, i dont like that i have download messager jus to get back to messages
The olde one it's very god
Fakebook. ..smh
Faster but need to be faster for low resolution devices like Xperia U and tipo
Gd app
The reason I can share video from Facebook to viber or any apps
Okkkkk
Going well
Ok ok
Sanguan cuuu
nice facebook
Simeon
Awesome
Why would you force anything on everyone just so you can make more money. Greedy MF's much?
It keeps glitching and I get notified when a non friend comments on a friends post, it won't let me send friend requests or expect them, and it just gets very annoying.
The olde one it's very god
Warning  not for geeks
Sub accha
Shankar aajna mumbai
The graphics and UI are superb. However my criticism is to the storage - over 100Mb on device storage! Unbelievable and unacceptable. This single app needs move to SD card to optimize space. Uninstalled for now.
Sharma
Always forclosing
Thixx.app ixx amazing!!!!!!!!
Its sayz invalid app, alwayz when i download it
Ape khbar
Right now, I still have like the 2 or 3 version earlier of this app. I CANNOT UPDATE TO THE LATEST VERSION. I cant seem to find how can I get the latest when the download notifcation PlayStore would give is still the earlier version. I tried to send feedback to their support but seems like they got bigger and PAYING user to prioritize. Plain sad. 
Not only will it not allow me to post replies it now wants extreme privileges just to operate. I'm hating Facebook more and more everyday....
After using it for a little it says facebook is not responding
Super
Why does every app on this site lie about the size. This app says 15+MB but once installed it is actually 35+MB! Total crap! Stop lying, Google! Unnecessary and uncalled for. Until you guys stop lying about the size of these apps  I will just use other free app sites. They DON'T LIE! With very limited internal storage on my phone,  I NEVER want a facebook app to the tune of 35+MB that badly. And why won't facebook let the app go onto SD? Total BS!
Crash so many times after last 2 updates
Everytime I click to go to my profile, newsfeed, messages, or someone else profile it closes out. Please please fix this
keeps closing me out
Its amazing of course
very good & best apps ...update and enjoy all.....

Know n fine ur friend
Good stuff
Oky
i am downloading this app for the tenth time
22446688
Very nice
Im really not pleased with new update at all and i hate that you have you download messenger befor you can message anyone its pathetic
Not Bad
Scrolled down news feed, stop scrolling, automatically sent back to the top of my news feed.wtf!!! Lmao :D
*
Deepak
pictures are not loading in this new update...please fix asap
Despite the recent privacy alogations towards this app (which I don't believe) it runs fine
I don't want a separate messenger app. What's next? A separate app for each facebook function?
Best
Good
Nice
Nice
I dont like that it take alot of gigs
Aas cha phodan chot....
Horrible.....uses a lot of RAM....given 3 stars just bcoz it cmes handy
Bhupender Singh
When I try to put captions on my photos. I have to put in the same info twice sometimes more.  When I hit the save changed button it clears what I put and closes. A bit frustrating
its addiction just can't spent second z without t
Nice
Thanks
Better than the apps on other platforms.
Keeps crashing
Dont try to force people into getting facebook messenger!!  We dont all want to use it.   I cant look at my messages anymore.    Fix it please.
Thank.but i still like and love the old version fb.thank you and more power..
Please fix the bug in the appwhich cannot allow the talk back user accessing the read more link.
Get this to become fame and enjoy it
Works great, never any problems!!!
Samsung galaxy 4
! Really people!!, another update? Don't like it!!      JUST UPDATED 9/ 6/ 14! WORST THAN EVER!! It closes every time a touch the screen, can't use it like this, uninstalling!!
Fantastic
Wonderful app like on pc
Hehehe
My news feed is constantly loading and when I want to view a video or an article let's say meta picture it closes me out of the app everytime
Honestly it getting on my nerves, it does what ever fb wants. Update this update that can't find the the page can't play videos can't download this can't download that and it takes its time refresh or search for new stuff
Facebook help me to find friends
Nice
When I open my Facebook aap, it first shows the blank white screen then after 4-5 seconds it get start
All
Needs a new update to fix the bugs in the last one. News feed doesn't load, can't log in and out and can't connect to my games. Fix it ASAP
Awesome
The app is so old and lasy :#
Works qreat !
Adnan syed
Good good good good good good good good good good excellent
Ahhite
Amazing experience
Superb!!
Ths version is not satisfying me due to installation of fb messenger
Business
Nice
Facebook
It does not open, just wastage of time by updating... Remove the updates plzz...
The best... app ever.
Keeps freezing and I have to come all they way out of it and uninstalling it.
I'm speech less
Ajay
Overall it's a blast ;D Loved the updates .... It's perfect
I'm so tired of this app! It's so slow and always freezing up.
XYZ
You have access to my Wi-Fi and still it goes so slow
Aayush
Not bed....
very useful for many people
Superb. ..
Wand it to be Bridgett Hill Darby
I just don't use Facebook anymore. I just keep it for school purposes.
Having trouble loading and have tried everything! Fix it please!!!
Why are you forcing us to download fb messenger.......i dont want that.....plzz fix thatt.... asap
Chumma
Since the recent update when ever I click on ANYTHING in the app it closes. Most recently when I open the app to view my news feed as soon as the feed loads completely it CLOSES..... please fix!
Im tired to hv update update update
Really worth the download no faults at all
Two stars that is low average
Not so faster
Nice
Nice app
It keeps crashing , needs improvements!
Thanks
Good
Install it must.......
Won't open.takes me back to home page. Have uninstalled and reinstalled. Any ideas why?
Good
Nice
Since the recent update on my tablet the app keeps blowing me out of Facebook when i try to share posts or when i try yo write on friend's timelines. Complete CRAP!
Lovly
Good
Facebook is a terrible app! I hate everything about it... The fact I need to have messenger to talk to people! That's ridiculous! I don't do the messenger app either.
Awesome
I dont like even using fb anymore its stupid to even have to download 2 apps for 1 i cant check my messages with out downloading messenger is stupid just takes up more space on my phone and ram be smart
Slow, to get recent updates. Sometimes it say error loading page.. :/
U R N
Can't unload notifications keeps going to old posts
Ahmad
No need of pc these days with this app *****
facebook
Not bad
wtf, no message now?
V.Anilkumar.
Not bad
Wested time never return
Good
Too many force closes
Durga
Keeps kicking me off Facebook.   Can't scroll, share, or gomto my home page
Good
The app keeps freezing up on me everyday since the newest update...I can't scroll thru my news feed or anything...also, a lot of time things won't load...
I'm not getting my statuses to loaded properly. You need to fix this problem, because I can't load my photos in my statuses on my phone.
Waste

nice :)
It continues to show old news feed..
This app sucks again. Can't log on anymore
But am a poor man no money no hme but i can,t die i wl pace wth al mument soooooo am a kodava
There's no option to view own videos, even after crawling to find old videos it says cannot play video due to unknown error.
Good
saroj khadka
I love face book
M bilall
I hate that idea.. why? Why? Why? And ot top off all of that, I notice that I domt get notifications when someone message me on fb... I try putting specific sound for it. Nothing works... Still think that other Messenger app is better...
Rubbish. Simple
12345
It's use toooo much ram
DBm
BC apparently I have to get messenger to message someone
Ever since the update, it's been closing unexpectedly.   Please fix.
Good...loved it
Force stops just about everytime I launch. If I make it past launch, it crashes when I click on anything - pictures, comments, links etc. I'll just use through my browser until fixed, hopefully soon.
Nic app
My favourite app
not seeing the message
I like it
BK Marble restoration,LLC.
DON'T DOWNLOAD THIS APP. ITS MY PHONE NOT FACEBOOKS
Its a good app!!!!!
Very Nice App....
Good
Very Goods APP
I try and download this app and I get to 93% and it freezes. please fix this it would be greatly appreciated
Every time I'm trying to enter Facebook it always loading and it takes almost 2 hours until it finished. It already 2 months and I'm starting to get sick and tired of this stupid app.
You suck!
It's great for seeing what your friends are doing
Nice
Wheres the old fb, this one keeps knocking me off help...help...
I'm appalled that messenger is being forced on me! Nobody wants messenger!
It looks ugly on android tablets
F.B latest update keeps randomly shutting F.B down can't comment our navigate anywhere except newsfeed, please fix it Now!!
It tooks me forever to load pictures. Please fix this issue
Awesome
amazing  this apps I like it..
Lo
Amaizing i like so mach
I loved it
Often crashes on samsung note 2 with new update please fix it meanwhile I'm uninstalling it
Sooper
Amezing apps.
Why is it so hard to download a video from facebook???
Its a awesome apps.
It Keeps Kicking Me Out Oh It..Ugh
Loved it
See what putting two heads together can do. Absolutely Amazing  *****
Nice
E sou novidadex
You can share pics and u can u at pics
All app & websits.
Cool app
Thanks
Like the other suggest
Good to meet all friend have been lost long ago now got the contact thank u facebook and give the option to direct download video fron fb
Awesome
When I past a link in my status, it does not extract the link and thumbnail. Regardless of what I do.  Searching for a solution had been no help.  I had this functionality with iOS.  Not sure why I don't with android
Good
Nice one
Facebook keeps freezing when I try to view videos. This has been happening since the update before the latest version.
Would be great if I could move the app to my SD card, it is taking too much memory
Love it. Great way to stay intouch with love ones
Loved it. .
Tnx facebook.
What the heck is this??? The app does not open only now hatsoff
Very good
Takes about 40MB to 70MB of RAM :(
Need to improve image loading speed. Now its very slow even on my Wifi.
Unable to install this version on my Sony Xperia E1. I get the error message, "incompatible". It was ok before the device upgrade but after it's a complete trash. Seems no one is doing anything about it. Any hope of a fix soon ?
Ralat 927
Nice
Wh9oooooooooooo
I doesn't show inbox . It force me to install massanger , which i don't like....... so plz don't install this app
No notifications for message
One: I have no access to my groups :(
Browser works better than the app.  Won't load pics or anything. I'm unistalling... Besides I don't like the fact I had go install Messenger.
I like this app and i like facebook
Great I am forced to use the Messenger now. Why? I've got no idea. -> I won't use neither the app nor the messenger. For now I'll use the mobile browser version..
Loveing
Facebook is fAcebook
Rock Guita
I am not on Facebook fan
Installing
It makes all my messages unread unless i download the messenger? so they can make more money? no thanks. ill just uninstall.
Very bad. Dnt download this app friends.
I give.5 stars cause its so bad
Facebook is very important
Alam
Love Facebook
All notifications, messages , events, groups , etc  .  Works  properly but ..somewhat slowly ..but ..its .ok ....coool aap
Not bad
I love my life partner
As a teen with a galaxys3 I would honestly rate thus a full 5 stars because  nothing drastic changed
Nice socal media
Love
I really like it, but I can't find a friend on there ....
Good
It's absolutely impertinent to force the users of this app to also install facebook messenger. As if they didn't already know enough about our personal information and files! Plus, facebook has become even more annoying.
It works really good it is excellent
Good app
If everyone that touch the face, know that GOD book heals the race. When it's open he sees too, so love,peace, and hairgrease to you :LOL:
Admins should have option to remove members from the groups they created..
G
Its jst so awesome!
Love it.great way to keep in contact.with friends and family every where
To good
Not bad
My phone gets slower with Facebook installed please fix this problem otherwise this is a Gr8 app I've been using since 3 years
Should have option to turn off notifications specifically for Relationships and birthdays. I want notifications on, but I don't need constant notifications about birthdays and people's relationships
All time connected only  fecebook
i
The best
Ilove this
Please Fix it... im using samsung galaxy tab 3 android 4.4.2  version... fix it ill edit my review again... tnx..
Why do I care if susie commented on bobby's boobies last Wednesday?  Facebook has become a real chore to use.  Also,  they refuse to sort comments on long posts so its impossible to see replies even after your notification tells you someone replied to your comment.
I get notified every time a status photo and likes
Sweet
Superior
One of the best app
Hate the new message app. Takes up to much gb space
ritika
Singapore
Update slows start up it takes three minutes to start this app now...
Good
Good
Very good aaps
BUt speed
Good
What the hell is dis?
Cintabuta
Vry nice out of the world
Superb
Always update update !!! Then now it always kicks me out whenever i try to see whos online !!! Dang it !
Do u know?
Slow to open
Needs update... messages aren't sending no matter if you have strong signal. Videos aren't playing. Nothing loads.         ........ notifications don't show up on my phone.
Good
nash fuentes bernas
09/13/2014 I've got oceanfront property in AZ I wish I would quit getting EVERBODY'S news feed in my Notifications!! I get notified every time a photo, status, a non-friend replying to a friend's post I, that means ME, never even read or commented on, shows up in my Notification's dropdown. So what is my news feed for? FB is proving once again, their ineptitude to realize their customer's wants & need.

Facebook has too much drama and is not good for young kids.
Yes this facebook is vary helpful
New messager o Facebook SUCKS
Still crap anyway.
Love it
Good
Taken a long time to upload I don't like the fact i give permission to look at my photos text fb ect but need to upload some videos will delete after
Its simply awesome!but it sometimes stop working and whenever we have to msg we have to log out and then log in
NO MORE TOP NEWS!!!!!!!!!
Bien
Very good app
Hate Notifications
It sucks
It
Error In news feed, other people in my news feed, Dec 31 1969 after every post, disconnecting, and skipping posts but not returning. Sucks
While downloading this app it shows incompatible error......Damn.
good job friends
It got me lots of dragons
Terbaik
Love this app so much!!! <3
This is the very good appy
Wonderful
Lelet....
It is almost impossible this app on my new Galaxy Tab 3 because of serious stability issues which is surprising as it is rock stable on my HTC Desire S.
Great!
So good
Running supr fast !
Suguna foods, arni Abdul hakim college
Very good
So so good
FB..a necessary app..
All the way good apps but now can,t download video so I don't like
When I load facebook it loads and then freezes then kicks me off .please fix.I just done the new update.I have done the second update. Same thing.omg !does it really take this long to come up with a fix?   -have done the third update now it doesn't work at all .fix soon or im deleting.ive done update after update same thing
It's okay
worst app in history. slow as hell. never connects. pictures take forever to load. stops responding every 5 minutes for no reason. all in all -1/5
The biggest problem with the app is that it cannot be moved to the sd card which eats up the space on my phone! Plus so frequent updates! 
Facebook won't load any pictures I have a galaxy s5 and it is so slow on Facebook. I am just kind of disgusted today with this.........:(
Its nice...  But messages are not properly displayed
Love it
Awesome
After updating the app I can't get any photos to load on news feed, freezes constantly, and takes up a ton of space.
Facebook
Kokak
Hindu munnani
It's a pleasure
Facebook became very optimised compared to the old version. It helps me stay connected with some of my friends, and especially my girlfriend. Thank you Facebook.
Would be better if the app didn't crash or take forever to load.
I've used it for years
Fabulous
I cannot seem to find how to look for nearby events. This was one of few really useful options of the mobile app and now it's gone !
Cant play any videos of facebook .plz help
Efficient
Needs to be updated again
Dance
Chat doesn't work..I will return to factory version
Although messenger is nice it is, not as claimed, slower on my phone. This is because of the remarkably tiny internal storage that it is equipped with. So I would suggest that you allow people with phones such as mine, Gz commando, to continue without messenger because more apps means much much slower. Without messenger Facebook works just fine. Please allow support.
Jos gandos
I love it so.
Finally got a good application out and then messenger. Nope.
Easily way to connect fb any time
I topmost like the application
Can't scroll news feed by swiping on card area on Galaxy S5
....
Facebook ,com
I can't be on the app for more than five minutes. It stops unexpectedly.it doesn't allow you to post any new feed.
Kool
Ok
I m enjoing this very app much
So many updates without any changelogs??
The app takes up too much of memory space! More than 100 mb is occupied!
I refuse to install messenger so why can't we still access our messages without it
Superrrr
Nice
PR
J
liked the older version
Please update this app for zenfone 4
Nice
Restriction to install messeneger really sucks..if we have a fb app on our iOS then what's the need of messenger fix this prob soon to enhance this app again
Like good thing but very sloow
Npn Npn cmqqh where. qkl
Great app an awesome way to pass time.
Gud
Ram verma jhs like this
Tired of the updates
haizzzzz...
Keeps locking up and refreshing on its own when going through the feed. Getting lamer every update...
Let's have fun
Control
Love it
It's good to found ppl and meet ppl thanks for facebook
Can't see any pictures in news feed anymore.
Eassyyy to message
Nice
I love it
Awla hai app
Good
Well doesn't work!
Good site  for communication
Samsung dual.... very sslow to open ...what a heck???
Awesome fantastic
It's ok because i will my chat my freinds but iam not play all the games.Its only 3 star
I
very poor quality.
Need more update....
I'm not sure if anyone else is having issues with this new update that Facebook has made us have. Honestly I wish they would just stop playing with the stinkin thing and leave it alone it was perfectly fine the way it was! Now I cannot post I cannot see my notifications. All it does is buffer and when my posts do not go through it tells me to retry and then guess what?? They still don't go through!! If Facebook does not either go back to what it was before or fix this issue that I or anyone else is having believe me I am going to deactivate because I do not want to be aggravated buy a silly public social network!! I would really like to know if anyone else is having issues with this new install that Facebook has pushed up on us. I would also like to add that it is not my tablet because my tablet is brand new and it is not my wifi connection! Thank you and I appreciate it if you would take the time to do so.
It is too slow...takes too much tym to load notification nd to update wall posts.
Always break down
Bhut a cha
Takes up way too much space on my phone plus it never runs properly. And the whole needing a messenger app now is BS.
Now you lose me as an app user.
When I install it ..an error 'duplicate provider authority appears..please fix this and I'll give 5 stars
So happy it exists
Google all application Very poor apps....
Its a good app people always complain about it so what if its not loading today all it mean is that your internet is slow that's all if you don't want the app don't use it stop with your complains and enjoy Facebook because after all that's where you get your laughs from
Its A Good App
Please
freinds only
The data in Facebook very slow
Nice. ...
Always popping up facebook is not working when ive sign out
My home social media. My Daily place before now I backed again
Nice
Facebook
It leaded me to someones account
News feed full of what people like rather than seeing friends' statuses. I much preferred the original feed that showed posts by all friends.
Love    it
Very good
Whats with the setting up?! It takes too much time!
I love it
Love it
Forcing FOR nothing
Why did you move the facebook messenger over to the other app! I liked using Facebook its self please bring it back to the original Facebook app
Why the Reply option is not available with Android? iOs has it!! That is what I miss from my iPhone!!
Goy goy nici nice
Alright..
Good
Best maddhom
Fix it, or there is no point in me having it. If I can't view my feed for notifications, what's the point?
Ilove myself
it works well on my phone :)
Ti
Cccccooooooollllll
Good
It is not work properly in my Micromax a24
I tolerate it only because so many friends and family use it. News feed constantly refreshes sending screen back to top causing me to scroll way back down to find where I was reading, even though I have app settings refresh set to NEVER. Their constant "improvements" are remenesscient of the featuritis curve (google it you'll agree). If there were another platform meeting this need and people used it, I would also.
I don't really want nor need my business in the streets that the whole reason for the inbox rite?
I Want The Older Version Back
Love it

Wow.
What is the point of the app if i can't even use it?  I try to do anything and it kicks me out.
Soo cool
What part of "if I wanted messenger I would have gotten it already" do y'all not get? I want all my stuff in one app. If it wasn't broke, why'd ya break it?
Big co. Yet not so good aap  !
Why? Why must we install an app to waste our phone memory!
I need photo comment  option.
Facebook is the best aaps in maasgeing
It uses a lot of ram and my mobile temperature increases and my mobile starts lagging almost

I Want The Old Version Back
I lover it
Please check this
Greate App... I suggest to all...
Deben optimizarla mejor tiene demasiado lag!
I get error loading newsfeed
It's good for browsing fb for short time instead of opening the whole website I really like this.
Cool
Too gud app in world
Since my last update facebook always crashing for no reason. Samsung galaxy tab 3
Nh
Good app.....
Aaron
nice app
1 simple thing and i bet its easily fixable.... Why the hell can i not share a page or post to someone as a private message????? I don't want just anyone to see a post that i want to actually private message to somebody.  currently the only option is to post it on their timeline. FIX IT! Its bloody ridiculous.
love it
Good
This update just makes the app crash immediately wherever I try to open it
Nice
good app.
The app has been freezing a lot with the last update.  Have to Force Stop the app to restart and get it to work
Error in sometime
Hi dear please fix the bugs sometimes it crashing in glaxy note gt n7000
Login facebook
Good
Mst jakas
...so much memory used
Love it
Facebook is better than instagram! I really love it its great
I would like more privacy and it uses to much ram memory
the best social media
Every time hanging
Super app
v.good
But i haTe meseenger.
Det shitt dnt work n im finna fuckin scream
Ok
Photos and videos don't load. Fix this please. Btw my internet has no problems my chrome and YouTube and others work perfectly
What's the use of the HUGE memory in my phone not to mention the occupied RAM memory if you cannot access the messages... I prefer the old  app. This is so dumb and stupid. Developers don't even care about user's satisfactory. All they care about is their pillows
Fine
Has its flaws like any other app but it's cool
Can be better 
Prem gole
Veri gud app...try it out
Nic app
Everytime I try to open this app it keeps shutting down on me.
Cool
Nice
Good app
echhy
Balu rathod
Good so far...
Very best new ver...
Nexus 7 and Samsung S3 - Now they've added a browser this means I can't share any of my links with people who don't use Facebook. I have now uninstalled.
Zindabad
Awesome
Sucks on the htc phone
Good application
The app will not open
Its good!
Good
I will never ask you something again, please make videos downloadable like you done for photos ! Please !
Horrible update, crashes all the time. You cant do anything without the app crashing. Fix this bug asap!!!
Gu
yes
Awsome sharing experience
Bug fixes are ok upgrade
It to optimum
This app is very easy to access and really fast.
It's. Okay
Awesome lol
Very super this app
Needs more ease of use.
Great app
Apeu.....
I love it
D
All time favourite!
Super
Use to love this app
yeah
I'm done. You shoved messenger down my throat when there are people whose phones can't handle the ap with good reason.  It's In your face pop up ad is nice if you can't detache your face from your phone. But it's getting silly. I am not so interested in being able to pull out messenger while I'm in the middle of using my phone for more preferred experiences and would re download the aps if given the choice on whether or not I had to download it and how frequently you update me. /: stop trying to push so har
I m fed up for these day by day why  updates cmon Facebook stop these foolishness that app cover more than 400% space of its actual size why don't u replace you update from previous app...
It takes 5 minutes to open the apps.. :-(
Kinda buggy. Takes forever for pages and pictures to load or they just don't load at all.
Very nice app
Crashing...
Still crushed
meow :)
Cool
Large size keeps crashing find solution fb
Goood
Cool
Good
It takes too much space, can't move the data to SD card, plus it's also running in background
Wow
Good
Best way to be social
Awesome
Nice

Cant load pics on the time line and messenger moving to a separate app is a dumb idea. Do they want to be abandoned like MySpace
Sometimes freezes on me or runs slow but other than that, great app! Easy to use!
Good
Very good
Like
Huuu hat iski
Used to work just fine on my S4. Now it constantly freezes so bad I have to close and restart the app.
So nice
Good enough
Apps don't ALL need their own browsers. Stop trying to be the shell you failed at being years ago.  Simple Chrome integration would at LEAST provide you with some basic GUI functions that have been common since 16 bit IE.  Uninstalling because the less relevant Facebook gets the harder it tries to reinvent the wheel.  Fun while it lasted but I absolutely never touch the desktop site and the app has been on a rapid regression into a total cumbersome mess since the entire site transitioned into spam wasteland
hihhi

Keeps crashing when I am looking at my notifications. Can't even respond in time
Betar
Well
Very much improved but still has bugs at some points
Super duper app
Video playback is broken...
R
Osiok......
Nagesn.
really nice and interesting but it works slowly
I'm not going to download two apps for one user experience. I'll still use Facebook as it is the most common social Media app but I'll no longer use your chat functions. Google Hangouts will be my go to chat app from here on out.
Good to commutation with others
Yaah
Not install in my S4
fatta app ah
why aftes a while I have to download the Facebook messenger app?
freezes alot and sometimes it says error loading news feed then i cant log out
Super item
Life
It takes tooo much space......plz sort this
Gud app
"Facebook" could not be downloaded due to an error. (491)
This app is fab
Why? I cant open my facebook... ! Grr -_- please..
I'm very happy with Facebook

It's an my one of the favorite application.
Please add more widget options such as 'Notifications' and 'Messages'
Yah , quite  some improvement over the previous update.
I love it if you give it to me!!!!!!!:-):-(;-)
Awesome
Awesome
Lol laugh out loud
Very good
Best app
Like it бябябя
Did you guys fix the problem yet. Can't even go to Facebook at all. So ANNOYING!  HURRY FIX IT.. PLEASE, try to fix this problem. This had never happen before. But now it's doing it alot.
Worst so far.  Pictures don't show.  Just sits and spins.  Waste some more of everyone's time.
I want it ,more comfortable to use.
NOT UPDATING ANYMORE
At the moment when I try to install Facebook it says incompatible update
Its kevvu  keka
Perfekt
We have to use facebook messager
It's very nice and helping me to use fb faster
No need to remove features from an app that worked perfectly fine massive step back you may aswell not have it and use Facebook in your mobile browser least you can read and send messages that way #fail
Key idea gets five star
<3
Worstt really worst. Couldnt see last seen...takes toooo much space in memory...not loading ,really shocked to see facebook first time like this..worst
i like this app
whenever i log in using this app it says that we have forwarded ur messages to the messenger nd to install messenger bt i don't wan't to use messanger  nd it doesn't opens my messages..
Love ur shelf before love other's
It is cool to me

Gud gud gud
Loved it
I like Facebook cause I can contact with my friend wherever I go.
Hated It
My favorite app
Ok
Its gonna be good....liked it
I love it so much becoz i chat with so much of friends
Ope919n
The app permissions have gotten out of hand. Why do you need to have access to everything on my tablet?
Login is a pain
Keeps on slowing my phone by continually not responding
LG G3
Nice
like
awesome guy
Would rate 5 if you make it sort the phone gallery by album instead of by date.  It's hard to comment by photo which is from years ago . I have to scroll like forever to find what i need. And please make it comment with sticker too
Super app
Loved
Cant even instal the app says ether problem with menafold or file not sarported
From kunal
Facebook rocks
Must crazy
Terrible on the tablet!  Only one orientation and it's landscape and the page is huge!  Sucks to cruise FB on tablet period!
85732950
Its realy ousm
Very good
Nice
Ancient designs
what was that, can't update.
Its all about lag....
Good
Addict
It hangs often :p
Thanks
Very nice app
Plz add page maneger in this aap
Hello
A+
Super
5g five star fast speed
It is a good
Started yesterday. Scroll down through a couple of posts and FB just shuts off. Maybe it's just the android app. It sucks!! Uninstalling and reinstalling to see if that helps. Grrr!
Boring
Love
Love it
Goodd
I updated...and now my newsfeed is slower, I've had problems playing videos. PLEASE FIX!!!!!!!!!!!!!
How you gonna attempt to force me to download messenger? Like all of you at Facebook can go suck one because I am not about to download something that should be included on the app itself. Whats next a new app for notifications?
Lately, every time I go into my Facebook app it closes when I look at a photo, video, or comment.  It is getting rediculous and needs fixed NOW!
Why in the world are you having the videos automatically load and play as you scroll down the news feed? You scroll then you come across a video, and when it starts loading you can't scroll down or do anything less than close the app until the video is loaded. Please fix
im still inlove
Won't even start up now. Thanks. A lot.
Frustration, won't let me use it!
cute
Stop the ads!
Hate it
Flawless on Xperia Z

I don't know why this app keeps crushing. It's very annoying
Uploading videos will cause the app to freeze and become extremely unstable, this is with 4G internet and LG G2. Best not to update to this current build. Install, uninstall did not fix it. Phone is now hot from trying to run the app in the background. Horrible update, and this complaint is falling on deaf ears.

Hopper
SS would be proud
Ms didar
Not bad
Not bad
I think one of the easy way to operate my fb account thrgh this app....
still the same it keeps forcing close whenever i watch video from newsfeed
Slow loading and any other action on it. Even signing out takes forever
BRAVO....SUPERB..!!!
Not download
Feed sorting messed-up, to get it ordered by time you need to go to a "secret" menu, usability what an utopia. My status updates are lost. If first album upload fails no more attempts are possible. Back button behavior inconsistent. Updates lost or not in sync. Notifications tab often blocked on a single notification detail. And now no more messages, you need a separate application. Old feeds not loaded.
When are you going to let us make it our default view again?
Free and fine

Too many updates. Not very happy
Sometimes close automatic
Very Nice Application
poor
Wadhawe
Fix it please
Very fast
Stop forcing everyone to install messenger. I don't need your messenger! as simple as that!
Thanks
Zorr basha barnamake
Tried uninstalling since it always said I had no service when I have 4g on my galaxy s5. Now it wont let me reinstall. Wth fb!
I want to be able to sort my news feed by most recent. It's really annoying to have to pull it up from the menu on the right. Also now that I've updated, it freezes up while trying to swipe to other screens, looking at my feed, and trying to read comments. HTC one m7. I'm also basically furious I can't message people in the app without downloading the stupid messaging app. I don't want it. I hate going to the web version just to read a message. If i could rate 0, I would.
I downloaded this on my new moto g device. Am not able to sync contacts. Fb contacts not showing.
Cool!!
Good
Its a simple app . It is worth 5 star rated app but now it crashes so much. It stuck and does not log in and log out quickly. The new update ruined this app. Please fix it as soon as possible.
Jinu
Deleted all of it. Don't believe you should be able to read all my phone info. It's an invasion of my privacy. It's not just the messenger app. Hopefully you all delete it as well unless you don't care
NiCe <3

Cause it is now more secure!! :) it is even nice to use because it is not odd to think.. It is so smooth I really LOVE IT!
Khoti
Love this app.!
Since this latest update everytime I try to post a pic or comment the app switches off..complete waste of time
I love the app, but is there any way to make it so you can upload GIF files? I've tried to upload them before but it only posts it as a normal picture. Not a need. But if possible, it'd be really cool if you did! Thanks for all you do!
Asha Bhagora
Not bad
Always error in loading news feed... it takes almost an hour for loading yet nothing appear.. crap!
Good
Constantly freezing and closing. I give up and plan on uninstalling
Unable to post comments in life events created by me... Looking for LDPI fixes too..
why do you have to separate the messaging to the app??

Good but I don't read telugu latter in this app
S3 to an s5 and all this app does is freeze! Different phones same crappy app.  Facebook fail!!!
Hindi ko kasi ma upload
How about playing games without installing it. If you done that,I will give 5stars(бябябябябя).
It was good earlier but with recent updates,it is sucking too much of RAM. Facebook inc. must do something in this regard. Even it almost made my phone hell. Luckily Uninstalled it on time. Are facebook developers reading comments?
facebook
Update kr kr ke thak h yr
Superb.... Some new features are superb...
Facebook has started disabling the inbuilt messenger. .. All this to promote their silly app. What a sham. Looks like they are becoming the next monopoly and shall arm twist their users to their whims and fancies...
Mondira
package file invalid????!!!!what the heck.your app is so frustrating.T__T
Since I updated I can't even get on the app just keeps tellin me it's loading???
This is TERRIBLE F#*K ME! Fix it..
Real size = 166MB. Stop hogging my phone storage!
Pls  give  seorate optiom for profile pic change
I like it i loved it
Very nice

After the latest update it freezes alot 
This is good
Nice
The logout button never works. I have to force stop the app and clear it's data to login again.
I love it
Nice one
Its very slow. . :(
Loves mobile facebook......
Anyone has a sugestion for alternative app 4 this? I HATE THIS APP! It's getting worse day by day, and i think people who work 4 facebook it's fuckin idiot, they won't read
Umarov
Ever since the newest update, it crashes upon opening at least once. I understand FB is huge now, but fix the issues.
My moblie
This android fb app is rubbish.
Nice
Good
I love dis fAcebook apps
Error in loading
I can't even upload pictures. When I try uploading one, or even sending a picture thru personal message, it keeps on force closing -_- and Its forcing me to download fb messenger..
Latest update f/c's every web browser when opening links.
Very good site for time pass
It's too long for me to see my news feed and every time I go to another profile it goes to the Google chrome l hate this app
This application takes a lot of space,  I'll rate 5 stars if you fix this issue
Good one
Cool
Social networking
O   my god
Awesome
Good
iska koi jaab nhi
Never have any problems. Im on it almost 24/7 :). Very happy. Keep up the great work !!
No!loooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooool
Crap!
Don't force me to download messenger because you feel that its twenty percent faster to receive my messages!! Lets hear the real reason your making everyone download the messenger app! More money?  I'm sure that's it. Well guess what? I'm going to delete the Facebook app as well and use the website.  I'm sure many will do the same. Way to be shady Facebook!! Keep it up and I'll stop using Facebook all together!
There isn't a messenger. Forces you to install a separate app, which violates phones privacy/records. Uninstalling and just using Google's version.
Sometimes itis not responding.
Its gud!! Bt takes tym to opn up!!
I am loving it
Too much ad and lack of messaging
Nice
ok
Love it
Lovely
Face to face
Boaring i want fb which have no newsfeeds only frnds groups chats
Why i cant go to notification
What "new" look? It's ugly & a tad boring.  Too confusing to navigate thru. How about letting me know where "settings" are for one.  Notifications don't work. Have to find your way around this app. the hard way. Don't like it - waaaay too overly complicated.
Every time I open the app it freezes. Plz fix
I downloaded it today on my moto g & it's showing a little bugs here n there. It's not stable and even slowww...
why can't download the face books 234 free space already pls.help me
Fb actually stands 4 fabulous
Facebook
Love it

Awalllaaaaaaaaaaaa.
No video chat
Would have been 4 stars since all the basic functions work just fine. But "Turn off Notifications" option on posts is broken and sometimes I have to edit picture captions 2-3 times before it saves changes. MINUS 1 star further for removing Messages which worked perfectly fine on the original app! I'm BOYCOTTING FB Messenger simply on principle!
Plz reduce the app size...
Much fun! Informative!
To slow or very take a time to install new Facebook apps. Why o why??? I un installed my Facebook apps because of error loading of viewing my timeline and news feed. ;( sad to say. Please please fix it soon as possible. Thank you.
Facebook.com
Keeps force closing >:v
Excellent
I hooked up with old friends from school , started talking to a girl that went to school with me , but we really didnt know each other but after time went on we long distance dated then we got together and got married we both posted alot about everything on fb ! Marriage lasted 1 year due to her chatting on fb
Butefyl
I like it

Too slow to download but Very Good
facebook should be alaued to downlod thear video ...I can't  downlod video from facebook .  I am useing opera . its take time ....plz solve  problem.
Always lets me know who wants to chat
Not worth wasting 100MB of RAM. Will continue to use Messenger + FB through browser.
Sajida
People's display pictures do not appear
Consumes more data
Melisa
Garbage
Its not downloading
What the f***k happened to Facebook. Last time it was so easy to enter Facebook on my android but when I updated it, it becomes so slow to enter. Can Facebook just fix this thing!?

Its a good new update looking forward for the best
But it laggs sometimes
D Vs Vj
The application is sucking more and more day by day. Why do I have to have messenger app to see my messages in Facebook app?? If so, why is there a tab in Facebook app for messages? Also, if you want your messenger app to be downloaded, change the privacy settings of it then maybe we will try.
B
love it
Amit

Ewan ko
H m e
It doesn't load photos
Great.i hv enjyd it
Downloading two apps is stupid. Uninstalled all facebook apps on my phone now
It doesn't let me watch videos!!! :/
madayaw..amo iyang pagalaong ko kamayo..
Wow.
Keeps crashing. Way too slow. I would delete it if I didn't need the communication..
i love it
The latest version is slow and crashes anytime I use a feature!
Okay I geuss
This is the very first time Facebook has been tremendously laggy, and it's to the point that it's barely usable. I can't even scroll through my news feed properly. Please fix this.
Ever since the update, nothing but crashes on my Galaxy Tab 3. Have attempted reinstall and nothing has changed. No problem on my S4
App screwed up big time.Updated and now just kicks me out.  Is eating memory faster then it can charge.
very nice
Why make us download messenger? I really don't understand it. Some people have low memory on their phones, and no one should have to delete pictures or apps they like, just to get messages they were getting just fine on the regular app.
Im loving it...
Cuz Facebook...
Great
Well
Lately Facebook just runs to slow or freezes on me. Hate the whole messenger app move. It's such an inconvenience. Wish we can go back to basics. I also hate the advertising!.
Let us change the news feed how we want it, now when I click newest first I see 5 or 6 new stories then something from 20 hours ago
this app is very nice to have a friends
After an update that removed a bunch of functions and made the app harder to use, it no longer let me view messages from the app. It tells me I have to download messenger. The mobile website still works fine however.
Shay
Keeps shutting & locking my phone, I get news feeds all the time from ppl I don't even know..Need to fix these bugs problems.... Glad this app is free!!!!!
Vanbha(panshina)
Nice app ever
:-)
Facebook
Live in Gadag Karnataka
If you value any scrap of privacy delete this app! Don't use.

Takes a lot of memory for updates
Love it
DC
So good
I understand updates but this one sucks. App is always closing and its annoying. It needs to be fixed soon.
Taking too much memory 140 mb to fb apps downloaded 20 mb but it have today 140 mb not fixed auto closing issue and touch not working speedily
It won't upload ANY of my videos and won't open when I try to upload it. It's really frustrating because it says it's starting it's upload then I just can't do anything. Please fix this.
Really? Another broken update? Come ON! WHEN is Google going to make their own version of facebook besides circles. Because when they do I'm OFF! AND honestly I would be off if it wasn't for the messenger, but now that sucks too. So almost what the heck is the POINT! I know to have employers judge me on what I post........ or the government or idk people who aren't supposed to see my stuff anyway because of how I have the privacy set up. Nice going! The third thing in most recent feed is from Mon it's Fri
Disappoint
Needs another update again, and can you try not to screw it up this time!?!? This app keeps getting worse and worse!
444566890
Please give us the default function of seeing Top Comments of a post.
Addicting app
To much slow
The app says its not installed so I uninstalled and reinstalled it. It won't install and then says error 24. WTH
Social network
Excellent
best app
2 different apps with the messenger? Worst
Its ok about this application
The memory of the app is increasing day by day
The newest update for facebook is no good, and needs to be returned to the way it was. Its not user friendly as it is now impossible to edit you information like your work, and other things. Update: your new facebook app sucks. If it wasnt for the fact that it is the only way i can keep in contact with my friends i would delete it. Yall have really gone down hill. The app keeps force closeing. And i know its not my phone because i run similar apps without any problems. Please yall use to be one of the best.
Your messenger won't let me type on my keyboard! Regardless of what keyboard I use. Please fix!
Works good
Like this
Error is detected during saving photos
Add big font option please.
plz update it more. BORING
I love getting on Facebook and talking to my friends and family that is on the Facebook okay!
Ok
this real fast...i like it
Facebook is good also its bad
Different
Nicee
Ok hers the prob I've already been hacked and it freez alot n takes alot space
Good
where the hell is the option to  show my newsfeed in 'most recent' order
Nice.
Good
Great!;-)
Nice app
Good
Takes toooo much time to load a single thing :/
Very good
I love
Good app
Parth kumbhani
why wont it let me install it???? this is bull crap  what even
Pls stop with the updates unless they r cool I don't not like the messenger thing its bullsh@#
в▄в▐врв┘
Another app for messages??? So not happening guys. Facebook messaging was never perfect anyways. After you had written seven messages, it used to tell you that second and fourth weren't delivered! Good riddance... Seriously.
Good improved performance
I love this
C'mon Facebook! It has now been nearly 3 months and 5 updates later and still I am unable to use this App... The Timeline will not load on my profile or anyone else's profile that I visit... This App is rendered useless as I can't view my own wall... Please Fix This! Absolute Rubbish!!!
I love it
Me like
v
works good. simple
Occupies lot of memory and space
Pictures won't load on my news feed since some "interface improvements" give me a break if It's not broken don't "fix" it. AND NOWWW you make us download the freaking messanger app without even fixing that the pictures don't work. Stupid move facebook stupid move.
almaz1982
I LOVE THIS APP
Its great but a little slow
Crashes at random on HTC M8 since the latest update. Please fix.
Not worth it. Deleted
I refuse to download a second app that wants to have unlimited access to my phone. I am on the verge of deleting my Facebook account altogether just as I am now deleting this app.
Can we get a multiple select option for deleting photos so we don't have to click on one photo at a time to delete it?
Super nice.
So simple so clean too good
My phone led blinks continously. I'll give 5 star again if you fix it. Thanks!
It freezes and kicks me off a lot.
Very Nice social media for face book
Lai bhari
Poor
I won't install this update! Don't want a new app as messenger
"...Ok, I was laying with my thumb...!!!...Ut- Oh...!!!... I hear a nursery rhyme coming on,..,"
Desinstalling ASAP!!! My privacy comes first.
Much better
I want to see what all my friends post, in the order they post them, go back to the old school way!
I always get error while loading news feed messages.  It feels like I'm on dial up again. . The old Facebook was so much better.  Why do I have to see everything thing my friends like and comment on?
Useful
when i open it always not responding !!!  WTF it makes me irritated please fix it then i give five star
Just got the updated version, thanks.
Fabook
Nice
Love it
Friend
I should be able to read my Facebook messages without having to download another app! This one uses up enough space as is!
Keeps saying session has expired and won't connect to candy crush
Like it
Again with this crap of stuff being forced down our throats Facebook fix it all or im just done simple and easy
It sucks balls, the camara doesnt even open. I cant even take pictures, instead of you making it better you just make it worse
Infringement on our basic human rights this observation on your account is obscene and completely ridiculous please ease back on these violations and respect our privacy
Loved it
need to download messager to use msg?its a horrendous way to show that you guys are incapable of handing the messnger part.
It's been telling me that this is an incompatible update for my mobile... My mobile is Sony Xperia E1 Dual.... When will I get the latest update of Facebook for this mobile.
It works sign up then  boom or log in then chat away
I keep getting a black screen like 2 minutes after opening the app. Every time I open it
Thank you....i have boyfriend cause of you fb..and getting married..
But not good than java Facebook
Its okay
Good luck
You HAVE to minimize the data build up or give sd support for it all! 60+mb is a little excessive! And its CONSTANTLY crashing on me!
Facebook
Good job
I love f.b
Good
J
Family tide

I never reset my password but just now i try to login n its stated that my password is incorrect...
Att g
Friendlymood
after years its now an ok app
Olws need to updat de sm o_O
This app is very awesome.
It's taking lot of space on memory and Ram so please light up this app then I will give 5 star.
So bad
makan banyak memory..
Now life is beyond the limit.
The poor performance of this app is simply inexcusable. The quality of hardware available on Android should mean Facebook flies and yet it stutters and janks far too often. Sort it out.
Don't want messager don't like that it freezes up on me and I hate the updated fb I am deleting this app
Installed yesterday. Slow. Painfully slow. :( And I didn't notice anything different as far as features.
I shouldn't be forced to install an app I don't even want that lags out my phone. It wants too much of my personal information and that isn't okay with me. I'm about to just uninstall Facebook from my phone, this is ridiculous. Risking my personal information and privacy isn't worth it.
Very excellent app
I like it...
Keeps updating the same version
Good morning at the other than that tech vhf vhf vhf radio
App keeps force closing after update
Good app
I love this app. It is great for accessing my Facebook account. Keep it up!
Way too slow
K
All time best Erz
Hai friends this is best choice for fb ucers
The new version is not as easy to use. Why change things. Why do you have to get messenger? I liked it the way it was, just like texting. I'm not tech savvy. Old version easy and secure data. New version complicated
can not update......when i download say duplicate provider authority ...plz fix it...
Why do I have to friggin' download a separate messenger app?! Facebook is getting lamer. I can tweet and message at the same time in Twitter. Facebook, if you won't fix this, I swear I'm gonna uninstall you and give you another bad rating! If only I could give a negative rating..
The best one in the world
Stop updating so much
I can't sign up for facebook
Gk bisa buka Facebook memek..
Panget
in this new version where's the save image option in inbox???
Facebook
Liked it
FB is still freezing on my S5. It's really frustrating! Leaning towards uninstalling this BS.
Facebook isn't what it use to be
Love it so bad
I hate the new fb. I wish they'd stop updating it.
Ajmal@purnea
12345
Like
Feels like
nice
Terima Kasih
Facebook app is impossible to shut down. It will suck the life out of your battery and invade your private data. Just use your browser and a notification app.
Great app can ...
:D
No thanks will use mobile browser version for as long as I can, then will probably quit FB if they keep going.
Too slow . & the fact that facebook has access to all this information Is dumb af . y'all Needa bring the old one back . & Having to download messenger by force is stupid .
New updates not that great tbh
Eh
Your mom
Its work better
I like this soon but it shouldn't change up so much. Also don't like that you have to have the messenger soon to look at your inbox. Facebook needs to go back to how it use to be
Love it
Dilip4
So cool...
A lot better
Hate the messenger thing but in love FB
So good :)
Dont understand why we have to download the messager app. I dont want it.
Goes off for no reason
Nice
Whenever I open a HTML link , it will link me to chrome , previously i was able to able the link through the Facebook a pp. I tried reinstalling but to no avail. Can someone help .?
A-okay

When i tried to saving photo from facebook it said 'error saving the photo' please fix it so i don't need to screenshot a photo if i want to save it 
Its really cool to text people
Like It's
Force closes all the time
Best  easy to communicate to people
Gomamisjoe
Realy its a nice worth communication among people who can keep on their relationship well...
Like
No matter what I do, I keep getting this error when I try to sign in. Please fix it!
I had to go back to verson 9 because the last versions are closing after I open the appбн wierdбн
Owsome
:(
I don't want to download manager app lol
Got the latest update and it clearly wasn't ready for prime time. Small font, wasted space, and worst of all the main page is not centered.
Updates 5 times a week, requires messenger app which tracks you, and now won't stay open on Note 3
Facebook
I don't want to download messenger..
ilam
OK
Kumawt
Best update so far
Good
What the heck? I've never had any major problems until now. Logging out and back in only works for a couple minutes and then the same issue comes up again. I'm apparently not the only one having this issue. Others I know have had the same problem too. Fix! Because of this, I'm uninstalling. Browser works better than this... I can even check my Other messages folder on browser. Step it up Facebook.
Lucky
Highly and Facebook is very interesting
Love it
Half the time the app doesn't want to work on my phone. The app freezes my phone and I have to force the phone to shut down.
Good
Not good
How do I get my news feed ordered as most recent first?
Always kicks me off and can't stand when you have to update like every week so stupid
aswe
Love it...
It's ok
Love it
Action
Stop downgrading this app!  I hate the new update. I've had problem after problem and now the location setting STILL isn't working.  Please change it back to the way it was!  Please listen to us and fix this or I'm deleting this app. I'm much happier with the web version!
To much time for downloaded why?
Awesome thanks
I love it
Bhut accha
I can't even download the app. Wtf
I won't be doing that screw you Facebook
It always crash when i try to post status,when typing texts or when i just scrolling,fix this crap.
...
Love Facebook. It allows me to stay in rich and learn about a variety of things.
Rating
Good
overrated
awesome. .
Never let's me play videos
I can no longer use the fb app, my screen just does a Flickr to the side,like you area scrolling really fast.
Very good
Jaba singh
All u got to fix is the messanger problem
Nice
Super
Excellent
It keep crashed ni have to reopen the app...
The messaging doesn't always work
fantastic
Not going to install a second application for feature you removed.
Goood apps
Fine
Now that I've "updated ", it gets stuck loading, repeatedly!
HTC cha cha
I dont like messager app. Last time I downloaded and I couldn't text any massage to other. ...
Get you sh*t together Facebook.  As soon as I open it it closes again.
Good
Hmmm
Space eater 
Faster
Just one problem after another. Won't load pictures and always loads the comments no matter where I press. Seriously thinking about uninstalling this worthless app.
Fun
When facebook finally fixed some of the issues I was having with the app, I was extremely glad. But you messed up big time with this one. What is the point of a new app just to send messages. You aren't improving anything. This is just a smoke and mirrors effect to make us think you're advancing when in reality you have ran out of ideas for updated and are really just moving in backwards.
Akash
I love facebook
Can you add small notifications on the newly features and changes you added on your updates when using the app. It seems like only the developers know the changes being made on this constant updates...:(
After seconds of being open, it closes. Useless.
Please stop upgrading your making it worse and please stop the auto refresh hating it right now
Try it!the best
Its ok
Nice
I love you pushpa
To intrusive
it wont open . it always says facebook is not responding so i have no choice but to click "force close" ..
Just having the app makes going through fb soooo much easier
This is ridiculous.
Imran sk
:p
You people are idiots, give me my chat back!  If l wanted your stupid 2nd app l would of already downloaded it!
I am new here bt it okey
All word contact
I don't think any logical person could come up with any simple reason why you can't send messages anymore. You have to download another app just to do things one direction be able to handle
Why do i have to get masenger if i dont want to
Good way 2 kill some time
Uninstalling because you're forcing us to use Messenger. Not even giving us a choice. Go f yourselves.
Why is each update the same as the one before and the one before that? If you guys would just fix what people are complaining about then there would be no need for all of the same updates. Please change the news feed back to the way is was years ago. I am tired of seeing the same status for a week!!!
Lost locater when making posts.  Used to show location when making posts
Bugs....
The version of my Facebook is 1.9.5
Love and like
always crash while using it
Muito legal
Facebook is love anythink app i'm 5star
Great
Can't use for more than a couple of minutes,  and then the app crashes. Not unistalling just yet. I really hope the next update fixes this.
if i cant even check messages through the app the app should not show me notifications that i have messages in the app that i cant even check messages in.
Nice version:)
Why to get messenger?u can include messenger feachers in app even........
It's a great way to keep in touch with out of  state family
Fu
Too busy in background at times I don't need updates. Needs to have a mode for manually refreshing only.
A nice way to visit with friends and family.  Can be addictive but still fun.
Best
Rakeshsingh
My app hang within 5sec of scrolling! This is disruptive and irritating, please fix it!!
Frequently crashing while playing videos in newest version.please test properly before launching each update
lemotttt!
Hi
Asly very good
I'm not downloading that messenger crap
It is awesome
its crash everytime i open it....fix it
Nyc
Crashes all the time...painfully slow....cannot adjust screen size or position...typical junk
A. Good
candy crash
Beautiful
Loving it
1biliion downloads                                                m              /\/\/\_                                           a              /           c _c                              n
Great app!
I can't seem to change the location of fb on my phone, just can't figure it out...
Need updates please update it!!!!
Spelling
New upgrade is horrible! I'm no longer able to get pictures in news feeds.
Works great!!
Dood
I sent someone a friend request and apparently it is deemed abusive or dissallowed
Deze kut app tript 'm zeker zwaar....De laatste update zorgt voor alleen maar vertragingen, en het haperen van je toestel, omdat facebook echt alle gegevens op je telefoon wilt lezen en verzamelen. En als je niet wilt synchroniseren, en hij hapert, dan moet je weer rebooten om je telefoon te herstellen. Kanker hoeren zonen, de ontwikkelaars van de app.
It's ok
Get to keep in touch with my family
Its really good
Facebook
Make something deferent....
Love it
87905
Taking over the world.
Best
Love it
Kikilala
Still needs to improve
Forcing us to download messenger app is garbage
its a good app facebook is used widely in. the world.its a popular social networking site
Would have rated 5 but the update makes Facebook very slow!!! I hate the update.
Too many changes
Facebook is hart hart !!
The no noise gets annoying could we change the noise
It OK for now
I do not want messenger at all!!!! :O!!! so why is it forcing me to have it!!! :-\
Does the job!
Arif  at arifdeen
Important
I don't want top stories. So when I choose most recent. I expect it to stay in that. When I check notices. I don't want to see the one I checked 12 hours ago. I expect that the person reading these complaints. To have a degree.
Won't let me go to my about me nor will it go to my friends pages... this new update sucks. Won't let me do anything.. FIX PLEASE!!!! And it won't let me uninstall the app
Good
I like my previous app more
Everytime I try to go back past the last 3 weeks in my synced photos it force closes the app. What is the point of syncing photos if I can't get back to the photo I want.
Straight
U r stewpid facbok
Likkkkkkkkk
Its good but it sucks u HAVe to download messenger
No giod hate it doent work plzzz don't insalk
Imlove it so much
Dislike: all permissions that app requires,  why do you need to use my camera and microphone?  Your suggested pages are driving everyone crazy!  If you want to advertise at least do it right! I am getting stupid ads based on any wifi I am using! That means getting ads based on what other ppl are searching and etc! You read all users messages as well and listen what they are talking about while they aren't using their phones!!! I deleted this app! There is no telling what else you are doing! Brainwashing!!!
Msnger ... why?
Sucks
This is a bad app .
I won't download the new updated Facebook until messaging is brought back and my information and privacy are no longer compromised.
good
The app is already big enough. Stop caching all the data. One moment I'm at 20mb used ...a day later the app has taken 200mb...stop that
It require you too download the messenger app just to open your messages?. It's just a waste of space on your phone. The old version is better than this. I hope the developer can change it. Thanks
Soso
Can't private message any longer! Stop sucking!
This apps s helping for good communication
Nisooooooo
prefer the old one, so many features lost, i cant tag my friends in a comment or in a status, cant save any pictures from fb, and mostly, it keeps lagging
OK.
Love
I did like the app until i wasnt able to send or receive messages.
Like it..
Bla
Everytime i click on the search button or go on someones timeline it crashes wtf
Y do I need 2 download messenger I'm not in need of it please cure this problem.
Nice but time killer! ! !
Its good
Its a verygood sofywere for socila network...
Great way...
Ketan
Wth hell... Fb, you know whats wrong with this app, don't front. You've been doing this too long to keep putting out these seriously flawed apps... get it together! And screw the new look try making it actually work!!!
ok
Its awesome
Do not want the invasion of my privacy & now it's like you are holding my previous messages against my will & I can't access them without updating!?!? You stink fb!
tremenda aplicacion me encata

The thing I don't like it is...I can see my messages with out messenger app.
I dont want to do that
All I want is basic messenger function, why remove it and force me to install another app? Isn't one of your buggy, bloated apps enough? And how about you quit pushing "top stories" when you know good and well that most people want "most recent"?
:)
It works when it wants to.
This ap just keeps failing or closing on me. Very frustrating. Fix.
Ho
I can't get my group notifications since the update
My think keeps saying that people are online when they not and it keeps saying just know like when they post something or comment plz fix
How can a social media giant screw up something so bad?I'm on a HTC One M8 4g lte and Facebook takes forever to load and freezes. YouTube loads faster along with all my other apps.I see updates and I get excited and it's just crap.Why? If it ain't broke don't fix it.And the whole messenger thing? Seriously? In these days in time when privacy is a issue,y'all want to pull this? Ballsie,Someone out there needs to write a new social media program so Facebook can join MySpace in the Remember when's
The newest update is locking up on my Samsung Galaxy Note 3.

What great development!!!!
How do I turn off notifications? I get and everyone elses all the time!!
Dear staff, the search for hashtag is not working for the mobile version. Please update ;)
I don't want to watch every video so stop making me
I loved it
I have to go on Google just to message people back because I will not download messenger!
Cool
love it
I hate messeger
Lage raho.
facebook
We're being forced to have the messenger app which I hate. Will get a better rate when you make it optional.
Loved it.
kepala butoh..
Best giler...
.
*-*
Fb is the best social media site I have come across so far it has its bad moments due to new software but outside that great
CHECK OUT THIS COOL APP IN THE GOOGLE MARKETPLACE CALLED "LIVEPROFILE". ITS VERY SIMILAR TO BLACKBERRY MESSENGER. ITS A CROSS-PLATFORM MESSENGER.
Why my account is disabled
Whenever i upload a new photo, the resolution is not the same anymore as i had taken it frm my phone
Won't download now stopped working so I installed it. now it says insufficient memory but I've deleted apps so there should be plenty of space
Still super Gay! I WILL NOT download that stupid messenger.
Time to remove this app. They want too many unnecessary permissions, and now that I can't see messages without a separate app that also drains the battery, I'll just use the mobile Web page.
The app was perfectly fine, but now I have to install messenger? Is prefer to access my news feed, messages, and notifications all in one app
Best app ever
Facebook
App is unreliable and wont load my news feed, i have to uninstall and redownload the app for it to work
Facebook
Chating with friends
Great
Can be really good but it often closes down and freezes and takes a while to load up...
Ive uninstalled and and intalled this app 3 times! I cant even get to my news feed now! This is the only way i can communicate with my family! Ill go bk to checkin once a week on my pc. Dissatisfaction indeed!
Cant get signed on
The best
its cool aap.i really enjoyed
F.u.c.k. O.f. F.ace.b.o.o.k. To traking all people privacy
I don't like this cuz i cant go back to my old page y
Nice
nash fuentes bernas
Lupit
I hate to install the messenger app
Dr Cobb
the app. is to panget! i want the older on. or improve it to be better.
B
Its okayy but too much updates
Its ether my phone service or the app butt im  going to believe it my phone before ill bellive its ur app
Globe
Won't let me post not happy
Fast and reliable to socialize
Updates
Facebook
Cant download images and see photos of our and our friends
Ok
Good
I would put more stars if u  dident have to download messenger everytime u want to messenge someone,please fix
Every time it updates it takes up more space. But when i open it nothing had been changed
Reuben Luna Flores
no no no no its best
Best
On my Samsung Tablet.  Uninstalling
Facebook
Keeps crashing!
Anyone want to pass his or her time join Facebook.
Good
The app won't even open, I'm so about to uninstall it.. If I could have I would have not even gave it a one star.
Let's face it Zuckerberg & company are laughing all the way to the bank this app isn't as bad as the messenger app but that messenger app is the worst piece of crap I've ever seen in my life how in god's name did theh getaway with trying to force people use it & foist it upon the general public.
I don't have space on my phone for messenger. Now when I have to speak to someone on Facebook using my phone I have to go to my browser!!!
OK but period of usage is to be some limation
Everytime I try to post a video it crashes
Nice app this is the first app I download very cool thanks for making this app
Had nothing but trouble since i updated it, sick of the word force close on my phone
Bakit pa ksi kaylangan may messenger pa..
Nice looks but consumes a lot of RAM ..
It some times it will log u of
I don't need another app for mesaging!
Niec......100%
Masenger wtf..i dont need it
Kyawmya 492
I Love It!
It sucks! It needs to be fixed! I prefer to use the browser.
Love it
I can use it without hesitation
I have to go through a security check.but it will not move after writing those words. Plz help or change it.You know what face book take out that security check I have been trying to log in into my account for. Long time even if. Get the photos right you say they are not accurate enough so stoooooooooop just because over amillion pple have this app does not mean you have to change your ways stop with all that stupid stuff I need to log into my account now.Plz give me a feed back
Lovely
Aryan
Just seen a video about how Facebook and messenger has access to everything on your phone or devices????  this is illegal surely???  They say it may cost US for them sending messages or making calls without our knowledge??  This needs to be stopped. I've deleted the messenger app, why should we have to have it to message on Facebook???  Charges should be brought against Facebook!!!!
What has happened to FB? These updates are the worst! Everything is scrambled...barely new posts and mostly yesterday or days before news on my wall now. I miss so many things. And so annoying that it brings me back to top when I'm in the middle of reading a post! Please change this crap.
As an animal advocate who is part of the millions who use Facebook to find homes for abandoned animals in animal control centers murdered simply because of a heartless  owner abandoning them in high kill shelters . Facebook says I must pay to advertise  and now charges me 7.00 a day to promote my posts (each ) or only 1% of my friends list will be allowed to see them . WTF? Facebook is now one of the richest corporations on EARTH and this is KILLING DOGS AND CATS WHO WOULD OTHERWISE BE ADOPTED AND FOSTERED
Good
Good
Nana
Galaxy s 5
Bad idea. Consuming memory. Draining battery more.
Facebook popelaq
Good
I will not install the new messages app. It was not needed. It wasn't slow. F**king c**nts! I will just get people to comment or post to my timeline or TEXT me... God dam idiots.
Congrats on making facebook extremely annoying.. it took some real effort to take a decent app and ruin it with constant "upgrades" that nobody likes at all..  the messenger is a natzi app everyone hates that as well.. Soon facebook will become so stupid that everyone will abandon it for the next great social media developement that keeps things simple, does not intrude on peoples privacy, or constantly get worse nor force you to use other apps to do simple features such as messenging. Then you will learn..
Love it I can text my friends
very nice facebook  i like facebook  mu friends
Facebook is da shiiiiiit!
Keeps crashing on me
Facebook keeps lagging. Please fix it
It works great even with my inexpensive cell phone. I'm very happy with the app!
Great
It is the best applications
The only drawback is that you have to download a seprate messenger app to message friends. A waste of storage and of an app. Otherwise I love it!
It's ok
Nothing new with the updates...going backwards in development from how slick the app was
You want five stars, then don't make me get messenger.. Its unfair how we have to get the app. Its a crappy app to begin with!
Facbook
I love jesus
Perfect
Enough said. And every time I install this on my phone, the creepers and hackers swarm.  But not on my desktop.   Why?
Faster then ever
Ok kot wei
Why isnt facebookworking on my samsung galaxy tab 3
Takes up soo much more memory space than it says
Yu member
Best
I can't set my newsfeed to most recent, it keeps kicking me back to top stories! I don't need to see what people posted last week! WTH?!
Good
Very nice
Why do I need messenger I don't want it at all
no me deja subir fotos ni nada
Stupid password they sent me dont work .then i press forgot password and it partially lets me in. Stupid
This app is pretty cool!
Won't finish downloading on latest Sony Experience update.
Why have messenger..it does NOT work half or None of the time??!!
Sucks! No messenger, plz! Just Facebook.... ONLY! Thank u!
Hate the fact that it updates your news feed in the middle of u reading it. I want to see the most recent first. If I wanted to see what was posted while I was reading I would have scrolled up.!!!!#
6tars
Great app when it works
^ just doesn't load.
First timer on this site.
Good
Awe some
Great!
Always getting error loading news feed
Keeps crashing every time and To much data, its draining mi battery way faster
Why would I deliberately download an app that makes my phone work poorly?
Wtf facebook
Galaxy 2 4.0.4 last update is turning off the app on startup
Include messaging again
Facebook is very good!
A waist of time with rediculus requirements. Sorry permissions
Atinaaf
Its fast
GOOD APP
Nice
Will only stay open for 1 min the force closes. And I had a not responding window after it froze!
Soooperb
At least we can chat whit friends
hhi
Now even just for the fb app itself u need access to my camera, microphone, text msgs, contacts. No way Jose!
I can't share things to my friends' pages. I can't post videos I'm watching from YouTube (not sure if that's an issue with YouTube or Facebook). The old version was better (except that I am able to receive more notifications with the new version vs. only 30 at a time with the old one). Other than that, I like the old one much better!! Bring it back please!!!
Very nice app
I shouldn't have to download a whole different app to see my messages
Does what I need it to, nothing special.
Md chaman
Nothing will upload. Every photo fails whether I'm in 4g or on Wi-Fi...
Awesome
Why is it error download to my android phone?
Sux
It is cool
I keep getting error -24 when trying to install. Does anyone have any idea what I need to do???
updates everyday
I love it!!!!
Clifton williams
Its just a good app
this new update keeps on crashing and i always have toclose it forcely :(
What ever
Why are we beiing forced to download yet another app ?
This futures is good , this app use positively so good results are coming. So many friends are adding
Way too many permissions needed. Why the he'll do I need to download Facebook messenger?! I want to send messages through the normal Facebook app! !!!!!!!
App crashes on me multiple times a day after this latest update. :-(
It is not good app
Every time I need to update Facebook I have to uninstall it entirely then reinstall it to get the update. See the problem here!
Nyc
Text all your close friends and family
Constantly adding things to the app, forcing you to download things you don't want or need, and all while never fixing the bug issues that have plagued the app from the start. Chat heads close while typing. (Forced download to use this, hence why I'm complaining about it here.) And somehow with all the 1 star ratings, this app still has a 4.0 rating. Somewhere the numbers are being manipulated.
Yes it looks better sometimes it's fast but not really cause my data plan btw it always stops working "Wait or Foreclose the app" and why do we need messenger app it has bad call quality and takes to much space.
it needs lots of space ....
Love it.
Messenger
Love It
Can you pls dont stop my app.
i love it...it serve time.just try
You guys need to fix this app asap. I've had no problem for almost a year and now as soon as I go to log onto it, it literately drains all the space on my phone. My mother has the same phone same app and its also doing the same to her. I uninstalled it and reinstalled it 3 times hoping id fix my problem.. and it hasn't. Seriously! Fix it!
Great app really tweaked the bugs out
I have to upload photos from my gallery,, What's up with that???
Love it
I love it
Blah..blab.N.a..
I like facebook
Smooth sailin'. ;) has few bugs but they're barely noticeable.
Facebook
i can't like any pics........... Now my f.b page keeps closing every time I put it on !.....I reported it but no response.....any suggestions .....anyone !..
The hell!!!!!!Because of this forgot my pass.
Love love
Flawless
So far it's a very bad update. Facebook won't recognize that I'm online with wifi or my data. It won't let me log off or anything. Am going to have to delete permanently if it's not fixed. I don't like that I can't upload photos from my phone! I used to be able to do it relatively quick, several at a time. Now it's one at a time and it takes forever to load. Put my icon back on my phone!
Very nice App
For an older version
This application is always not responding to my android phone,fix it
It was great but now ita crap.
Why does FB want to know all my personals things, before I install on my mobile
5
Great
Its getting better
Addtictive
This one doesn't.  Go back until you get it right.
Sucks
Love that u can go straight to messenger to chat than going to fb itself much more better.
Love this
magical thing to the world
Great
Awesome
I don't want top news from two days ago.  I want the most recent news so I don't have to slog through the same stories three times a day.  Don't see the need to download a second app for messaging.
Bob
Oti Moti
Amazing I like alot
To many defaults....
Book
Helo im thankful
forced to messenger app. no thanks
Why I can't move this app to SD card. Is it true that you are reading our phone. Please fix.privacy pls.
You can have strong connection s with people around you.
It's ok
Love it !!!!!! that's all I got to say
Hichammelilla@hotmail.fr
Melilla2006
Cute little app...
Cant even load newsdeed. Tries multiple time.
Too many ways of using positively or negatively but in short u have frnds only on Fb but in real u r going to be alone day by day
Easy
Cant c no messages cause i dont have app sucks
Who does' not loves facebook
Good talking app worth it
Pile of garbage
This app been updated more than seven times and they never fixed the what's new bug
I hate the layout and the messager sucks & the layout its so slow ..
When I go into see who's birthday all I see is tomorrow and next weeks birthday where is todays
nice to have it
Eehh
Please make the default view of the feed "most recent" and stop the app from putting replies to old comments as most recent.
Everytime i try to search, facebook shuts down on my msung galaxy tab 10.1!
Ew
Install it and tell DHD every time you buy your girlfriend a Pandora. Or if you buy a condom online. Our if you even browse nude pictures. Department of homeland offense is watching you.
I like it
I like facebook
Facebook is always on my chat heads
Keeps returning to the apps list while reading news feed!
Plz fix theres sOmething wrOng,,,
Its good
annaz
If i update fb it runs like crap keeps popping up telling me fb isnt responding and slows my phone and freezes it if i uninstall update it runs fine but cant look at videos or pics from my friends or family please do something. I would give it a -5 if it was an option please fix it
Every time I try to look at my news feed, or anything else for that matter, it says "Facebook is not responding"  the only thing I can do is close it. If this keeps up I will be deleting my account and uninstalling the app.
Going to make u laugh
Keep it up with the ridiculously un-consumer friendly updates and pretty soon facebook will be the next MySpace.  Messenger is too nosy,  news feed with no preference settings because facebook knows what I really wanted to see,and otherwise screwing up the features that everyone actually liked.
Cool
Takes up alot of space
Why I have to download messenger also????
Good Job!
I used to enjoy throwing my life away with this app but i got bored & went back to the factory version (because i can't uninstall) and i just updated and it stays on the "setting up Facebook" screen and taking up more & more of my free space 98 MB is a little to big of a file to be using just to see what people are up to, just so you guys can play N.S.A., I'm uninstalling the updates >:(
Its just gr8 n i enjoy evry moment hre.
To send message from facebook app I need to download a messenger app, that really makes sense. Oh and news spam from friends of friends is another "great" idea. Good luck ffb..
For some reason I download this app and it won't appear on my my phone screen
This is a joke, why so many updates? Sometimes it takes minutes to load the app (not sure if due to updates). Explain why you want me to have a separate app for messaging?
For forcing us to use messenger app
Too many updates.  Don't want messenger- takes up too much memory :(
Freezes and or kicks me to my desktop. Battery/memory HOG! US Cellular Samsung Galaxy Note II Android 4.4.2 Facebook ver. 16.0.0.20.15
Download know
WhatsApp
Freezes every so often ....and too many updates.  This is the 3rd one this week!!!
Fit
Don't like having to do the Messenger app .
Like   everything
Not at all happy with fb making us install messenger.. Im unistalling  fb app so I can access my messages.. I clearly don't have enough memory on my phone  for it..
F**k it! Instead of doing incremental updates and telling us it's an improvement like swiping and stuff why not just give the people "RECENTS" as a default on your app.
Does not allow saving images from messages anymore.  Another push toward the message app that no one wants.
I  don't know y u 7 update stupid.............. it can distury rammmm..
It's always showing old posts. Come on Android
This new version 13.0.0.13.14 it's not work properly has lag and it's slow pls fix it  and thank you for your amazing software
Very bad
Come on guys, you fix one thing and another gets fuc*ed up... still the same crap.
Use to be a good app untill you started to forced me to download this other app just for my messages! Guess what tho? Im not downloading it! the messaging app is retarded as hell! And drians batterys like its nothing! But since you like forcing people so much you just forced me to uninstall this app and go with FAST FACEBOOK APP! way better app anyway and dont ask for the list of permissons like you do! Maybe ill come back if you decide to keep the  MESSAGING OPTION!! But untill then im gone!
It's an okay app.
Dont want messenger. Dont want all the ads. Dont want to scroll down to find previous post if I hit continue read or comment. Love facebook but need to listen to your users more.
FB app is constantly kicking me off the app when I try to share with friends or if I want to comment on a friends timeline! !  Or the app just kicks me off for no apparent reason.  Please fix these problems! !!  PLEASE!   Thank you.
Why does this app crash all the time? Also, I refuse to download another app to access my messages. And I certainly won't give it access to everything on my phone.
Slow
Great app two thumbs up!
Fuck u
Well then, I'll just join them. How about you?
Fb
Awesome
Open
I've deactivated my account permanently and uninstalled this app because I refuse to use an app or social media site that believes it has the right to invade my privacy. I'm going back to communicating the old fashion way via a phone call/text.
Stop it
I can get in touch with family and friends.
Faca book
Love it
A lot of the times it shows a lot of old post on my news feed and not recent activities.
I really do not want the messenger app and have been responding to chat in Chrome browser.  It is getting to be to much of hassle to use the Facebook app.
Add picture comments
Works well.
Download problem
With this latest update, it keeps freezing my phone. Considering switching all my contacts to Google Plus.
Good facebook
Lovely app
Why do we have to download the Facebook messenger app the asp is a stalker and it takes up extra space u shouldn't make us get the app to text people
it won't allow me to download and it keeps saying arrow 24 why is that?  I need help
Ahhh
My app keeps crashing. Making my tablet restart itself. If i click my app and open it when i click one thing on fb it exits out. Been going on for three days now. Fix it and ill give 5 stars
Why do you force me to download that messenger app? I don't like it. I don't chat a lot so I don't care if it's faster or not. I don't like a popping up window everytime someone sends a message to me. Why do you force me to get that app? Do you think that by forcing me I'll get it? No, I'll uninstall both apps and access Facebook from my browser. I hate that!!!
vert good
it needs up grade
Facebook is great and filled with fun I luv it
N
Love Facebook jus don't like messenger app
Message we can get by anyone I m talking about who r nt frnds even I don't like this
Love it
The best. ..
I Love this app
Like it
Oliver ir
Garbage, memory hogging, forced install of crap you don't need
What's going on.... really slow and stops completely after the last update...
Yahoo
Every time you think you do something special Facebook, it's trash. Your messenger app is trash, this app is trash. All Facebook is worried about, is money.
Love itt...
Very good
I love this aap
I like it
Requests too much access for my phone. Seems Facebook is trying hard to replaces the NSA
Ok ok
It's so so
So not only do I have to see posts from days ago BEFORE I get to any posts from the current day but now if I want to see the messages someone sends me I have to download messenger app that has access to everything on my phone. Unbelievable and you need to get it together.
Good
I love it so much
I think it's okay
Cool colors, might it be as sweet as the "Security" ?
I do not want a desperate app for my messages thanku so u best let me use my fb inbox on fb app or I will delete!!
Aab whats app ka jamana hai
Is the besth
Can't change the news feed now which sucks. I want most recent not top stories. I want to see everyone's posts not the same ones and the same people. Also why can't I tag people in groups/pages anymore. I can only tag them if there on my friends list. What is going on now. Watching videos is almost impossible. Please fix. ANGRY just realized some update changed my privacy setting. So everything I had posted for almost 2 weeks was private. No wonder family couldn't see pictures.
Facebook uninstalled until you stop forcing people to download something people doesn't want...
It wouldn't open
Owsum app... Easy to use
Great!
This app is great for my friends to be on this. Great app.
I am so sad coz always said for mseangar i no need it
Love it
Always says please check internet connection .and refreshes when your in the middle of reading a post.
Requires to much memory. Have to manually delete the add on data
Its a great app
I think it is awful you are forcing people to download an app that they do not want. I have facebook so I can update my status check my newsfeed and check my messages all on one app. but now I have to download messenger if I want to check my messages. That's bullstuff!
We can't save videos

Ansari
Fb is order. S
I was using galaxy core duos. My problem is, when I want to look over the picture that my friends upload in the facebook, it always stuck. And I receive message that facebook isn't responding and I need to close it down. Please, fix this. I will give you 5 
My hobby always trying to keep good friendship for ever, but busy without any work peoples having ego and interesting in alcoholism and other bad habits diverts them to detach from us. Don't try...ok goodmorning ganga
Great
Often very slow with long instances of grey screen. Dislike the auto play videos.
It wont open after the update
Nice app :)
rasim
Awlaaaa...;-)
Very good
I like it
It keeps crashing wtf!?!?!
I love it my life is in complete without facebbok.......:D
Better
Nice
Kiribood
Eeehhh
It is crashing all the time, really annoying.
I love google play so much
Messages don't work
Games are not working , I had four of a kind in holdem and won all in and never got challange credit, allso not given chips in slots today .. whats up bf
I like facebook but the app is too slow being the fact I am using Nexus 5 and fastest internet connection.
Nice
Not liking that when I'm reading other posts, it suddenly adds all the new or old posts & I have to search for what I was reading in the first place ask over again.
It stops responding all the time fix
Good
Hello all the same thing in this case you have the best of his
New Facebook updates suck it hangs n crash n ask to report it... Fix it
Verry stunning
Bgad
Give me miss buz
How can I have someone stop sending me game requests?
Turn off notifications not working
latest update no pics load at all !!! seriously sort this out  also does nothfin but crash constantly starting to think ov removing this app
If I wanted the new I would have told you. I don't like the new messenger getting all my information. Why can't it stay like it was?
Keeps showing "not responding"... Please fix it
I like it so much.
Just nice
The only thing is u need messager to text. I think its a good process and deffently need downloaded!
Fb its definitely a must have
Yo stop trying to make people download that stupid messenger app.
Ever since the new update has arrived its not working on my tablet whereas the older version of facebook the built in version is working perfectly p, the thing is that I need the new version and its not working.
Anytime i try and share a post the app closes. At this point i had this app. Quit updating. Bring back the messanger part dont want another app shouldnt have too
After this latest update my facebook is getting force close and making my phone slow.... Mr Developer your app need a big change kindly make it fixed so we continue to use ur app again
Loved it
Why not messages
The latest update breaks the app entirely, now all I get is alternating black and white screens after a very long login sequence.
Didn't get the new look after updating to the latest version...Please fix it...otherwise it's great
I can finally txt my friends
Love it
old..
very naci
Great
Nice
Works really great
You can't send messages without the messenger app. I won't download it. Please bring the messages back on the app.  If the messages will be back, I'll give 5 stars.
It was working until I updated my sony's Os Incom bloody patible
Tooooo muchhhhh
awesum
Make it so users can add life events via Android. Sheesh!
Nyc
Best performance
Thanks to all our latest version's
Small bugs everywhere...  Content can't load over wifi and won't update...
Ok
It wonderful
So gooooood
Teacher
Nice
Facebook
I wish I would quit getting EVERBODY'S news feed in my Notifications!! I get notified every time a photo, status, a non-friend replying to a friend's post I, that means ME, never even read or commented on, shows up in my Notification's dropdown. So what is my news feed for? FB is proving, once again, their ineptitude to realize their customer's wants & needs.
700500700
While playing videos, it should also give option for downloading them. Otherwise the app is great.
G.manager
After the recent update it logged me out. When i try to log in it wants the approval code. It's supposed to send me a text message with that code, but i never receive it...till today. And now i can't log on. Im not happy at all. This is frustrating. I can't log in!!!
Awesome Wowsome...
Horrible keeps crashing for no reason, so annoying, fix it
Love it
Its k but it is very poor strength
Nice
good work fb..
I love it cheers !!!
Not bad
I am tired of updating and nothing has changed
load of absolute rubbish
Lolypop
I think someone is hacking my account plz show me the time when I liked Pakistan or Karachi city plz sir do a favor for me regards bhagat rana
Happy on it
Awesome
I am a retired nurse  assistant.
U cant go wrong
Usman4999
making everything work worse then previous ..thing dont load ...way to much storage...cant use all things without more downloads ...need to learn tbe k.i.s.s. method ...keep it simple stupid !!
Great
Good
Gooood facebook
Redundant menu bar at the top wastes screen space
If the app no longer let's you see messages, then remove the feature from it. It's so annoying that it notifies me that I have messages and even puts that little red "1" on it but I doesn't let me see the message anymore. It's extremely misleading.
Awsome
Social and family
I was Always told not to fix something if it's not broken. With that being said STOP with updates that only keep completely  messing this app. up Now it is consistently Freezing. If all this Bullshit don't stop facebook will be losing All its valuable customers & revenue. Facebook was so much Better when it first came out. Now with all these unnecessary updates it has slowed down considerably along with having to tap recent news feed rather than it happening automatically is also Insane...WTF!!!
How much update its need??
Good
I removed & haven't been able to reinstall!   I never have had trouble like this with ANY app!
Nothing more to say but it sucks!
SIMPLY LOVE IT
It always seems to give me login problems ...why can't I just put in my info j st once ....and that be it???
Hated
Nice and excellent
Dilbar
I love Facebook with every inch of my body!!! I cant live without it!
Fab. Fab. Fab fab. Fabulous
I Love is fb
Uninstalled due to incessant "popular status" push notifications with no opt-out.
Great app if you feel or have need to advertise very minute maneuver made. Dont forget a link or pic of that entree.
I love fb - who doesn't! But I find atm it keeps freezing up ands I have to go out and return. Have uninstaller and reinstall a few times now hoping for a fix.
Users
Love it
Other than that very good app
Ever since it updated on the 11th my app will no longer work. It freezes and then force closes on me while I'm going through my news feed. Getting really fed up with this crap.
Liked it
I love it
Nice
I gave it one star because first it already has muy info but that's not enough they also want me to download the stupid Messager that no one likes so that they can pretty much see and know everything you are doing! Therefore I don't really like Fb that much... I hope they can take the dang messager off then maybe I'll rate it more.
Some errors must be fixed like erro saving photo...otherwise its gud
My internet works fine until I open facebook then all I get is no bars and "error loading news feed!!! " needs to be fixed or I'm uninstalling
Be it on WiFi or mobile data, the news feed just refuses to update. Really disappointing to use such a pathetic version of Facebook app.
Thiyaga Raj thiysgu
Every time it says sslexeption please check your internet connection....
Easy to use
Always saying not responding. And hanging
The app keeps having bugs when trying to like comments.
I was hoping that Facebook would improve with this update, but apparently it hasn't.  I'm tired of having the feed go all the way back to the beginning every time I click on a link to read a story.  Then, half of the time, I can't find what I was looking at!  Please fix this!!!!!
Been ok though I seem to have been plagued by adverts recently. Crashed after I installed my "Twibbon" for the referendum. Anyone else had that?
Good aap loving it
Wonderfull app,keep it up
Its all goood
Valo
It's very bad
Nic app.....
Best
Bugbook
My facebook
Awesome
I do not want messenger... If I can't get my messages through this app then I will uninstall it and use the website instead! Will free up a lot of space for music and pics too so happy days!
Naec
Thanks
Tanka
GreAt app

Very smart
I love this apps
Loved it
Not too good but only good no need for explanation.others did it.
Lots of bugs, poor look
y
This app is pretty well ..Excellent task..  Keep it up !!
Best of Best
It just eats a lot of data
Good
Good
Best
Fdd
I love this app
Very nice app
My facebook was working perfectly but suddenly after a update facebook app is not going to main menu of the app(i mean news feeds,messages,profile etc..)the blue page stays on help me was a cool good app my device name-GT-S5302 Samsung galaxy y young duos lite
I realy love this app . Thanks
Bugs problem and it not respond well very bad this time
It's not running smooth and bumps me completely off the program all the time.  I've even been to the Samsung store to check my devise.  My devise is fine.  Please fix the bugs, it's frustrating trying to use this application.
So so...realy slow
Need a new social media sight!! Facebook is officially on my spaces level.
Uses a lot of cpu and ram all of the sudden
Why must you update once maybe twice a week since i got you in MAY!?!?!?!? The world will never know..and to OPEN ANY MESSAGE, i need the messanger that freezes if im on facebook at the same time...shake my head..i think its myspace time!
Awesome
.,....
This is always freezing my moble device
no change? okay , i canбпt install it anymore :)
Update facebook user
facebook
I have been trying to solve the problem of battery drain and found out that this app makes 400 wakelock requests while all my other apps do 5 or 10. You really need to stop with the wakelocks. I don't need Facebook notifications to be immediate I am fine with waiting until an actual user induced  wake for them.
Easy to use for relatives & friends.
Shouldn't have to install 2 apps to use the who function of faebook.
Not play the videos for new update and how many updates monthly 3 updates totely waste
Freezes when scrolling through newsfeed, then just closes. Will do this about 5 times before it actually starts working properly. Using on Samsung Galaxy S5 Active, tried Uninstalling and reinstalling, didn't help.
Why I have to install the messenger??
Good App
So much updates for face book plz kindly less faceboo up dates
I am really done with facebooks new set up. I don't want my news feed to only be 'featured' and stuff my friends were tagged in or that they liked. I want the most recent posts with no fluff. Just like twitter and tumblr. I hate the new android set up and how difficult it is to find the most recent news feed. Crappy update.                                                   Once again this latest update now I can't even look at comments anymore??? Is this going to ever be fixed?
ж│ж┼ж╦ж┼ж╔ж╧
It's a beautiful new updated version
Liked it
Absolutely amazing
I like it...so nice
It is the best social network I have been used.
Good work
Iwant this apps
Srivastava
This is amazing
Great application
Application only works half the time. You can't tag ppl or get into your account. You have to delete application and re-add
What I don't like is how the Facebook messenger link comes to my messages on Facebook like if I wanted the app I would be got it can you please fix and it won't let me see my messages until I install it like what the mess
I hate the fact when I log on it says 10 notifications and I have like 60
Hi
Love it
I have the galaxy s3. And it sucks the battery really bad. Really needs an update.
I updated my version then it became worst. I cant open my msg unless I go to a someones wall and press messge.  Argh!!!!
Pls be good even w/out facebook messenger app..
Having to download messenger and give Facebook access to my contacts is ridiculous.
Life changing experience
Can't do anything. Opens, but stuck.
Just tried and posted multiples of pics thanks for working fast
So why do yall need to read my txts?
But disorganized
Great review
Loved it
Loved it
Terbaikkk fb
MinMin
<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<
Excellent
OK
Wa1234
Nyc
Very nice
Code name desert fox
News need zoom as need.
so many space to used
I am re-downloading this app once again. It can't log me in! And what's with this messenger sh*t? I don't want you to snoop around my contacts, my messages or anything else! Why are you forcing people to download things they don't want to?! When I am able to log in correctly and chat without messenger, I will rate this app 5 stars! 'Till then fix this sh*t. -_-'
Crashes on my Galaxy Note 3 neo
Won't let me update! So tired of the constant issues with facebook!
Update ...:-(
Everytime i found an interesting writing or poSts i Should open the Browser and Look for the page again, sometimes i could barely Not to find the writings that i saw! This Facebook app is No use! And cause the user feels annoying by the disablity!
Facebook is very importan... for old friend....
FB app version 16 has no way to prevent auto-playing videos, most of which are advertising.  These videos will consume your data plan and COST YOU MONEY. 9/12/14: still missing in FB settings.
Bwy
The app is nice
Facebook bacome poor!  Because. Why they.are making must to Download mesenger wile i dont want it
Can't see any videos.
Good
It's awesome app its make me fast
Xxx
Improved, but still can be better
Nice application
It's okay
nice work..excelent!!
Why does it show something that is from a day ago that nobody commented on
Beautiful.
Oohh yar its awsm  der kha
good
Mobile app
What is an -24 error. I have deleted a lot of stuff and still can't get fb to download.
Good
it takes hours to load pictures shuts it'sself again n again I just hate it useless it is
Great
Great
I dont know ehy its rewuired to download the messanger app and niw when you click on something the app closes
Every time i open it shuts down. Fix it pl.
It's buffering man...sssssheet...
Great when it works
Cant see anything I post on my timelineбн Tried to add a photo,cant see it on the wall neither in albumбн fix this
It's been a week already...the smiley emo to pick  the feelings or activity what r we up to...it doesn't work at all..whenever I want to change my feeling there..It's never worked.. please Fix it soon..
i want talk to de peoples who want
I went up a star but I am having issues with the pictures not showing up on people's pages when I click on them.  If they do show up it takes forever.  You people need to put in a little over time and get things right.
I loved it
Its great and I like it
Great app for my Android phone with me and the family.
Goodjob!
The laptop and phone facebook does not really cooperate with each other. I used my laptop and after that i transfered to my phone and the notifs and messages repeat from the beginning. It's really hard to explain i don't know how to put it in words. :-(
Very nice and smooth but to many updates
I don't like how nosey it is. Getting into all my personal and private information. If they would make that optional I would like and use it more often. Now that we can't use the messenger without downloading a whole new stupid app I use this even less than before. Not to mention all their heavy regulations on everyone post I things anymore. Very political and stupid app.
satisfy. There's so many lack of system n incomplete els
Excellent Facebook
Why so many updates when nothing is changing! Also I'm not downloading messenger when I don't need to
Takes up too much space..
Hope you have the bugs out of this new system update. It sucks not being able to get to your on page
Very nice
By heart
Find it!
Tobias
I like it
Its good gob
C.p.singh
Needs some bug fixing
How many times I have to update this. In every week .... This app comes with a new update.....
Why would you push every user to install another chat apps while the old just do fine
Thank you
Nitesh Waghchaure
It will not upload .
Very fast and smooth application
Good
Halo.my.p
Saini
First youtube now facebook!!! It won't let me into the app at all!
Could care l3ss
Wont even download for me. Used to work perfectly fine.
I use to love this app but now it is killing the memory on my phone and it will not save to my sd card.. why wont you creators fix this or are we just posting on this to waste our breath? This needs to be fixed or something because its b.s....its always crashing and the error that it has stopped working pops up or it stays on the blue sign in page saying setting up fb which wastes alot of time! Does any one read these? Idk im just posting my frustration
Chief
Its ok
There's nothing to upgrade any anymore. The Privacy setting is not displayed. It's sucks
Very useless FB app on android ios version is very smooth and responsive hope u will make this app like ios version
Update after update. Nothing new .....
App
Hi
When I'm looking at someone albums it's only in portrait mode,the same is when i'm looking on friend suggestions... So it's stupid and annoying to rotate the device every time.  And it's not showing the pictures in news feed.
Vg
App works as a user frndly
Kmon tume
It's extremely slow i have to open it 5 times just to get it to work, and it closes on me in the middle of posting.
I love FACEBOOK So Much! :
Good
Bring back the built in messenger for this app and plz try to add option to move this app to sd card.. if these 2 things are done it will be the no.1 app and i will give 5 stars
I want to rate 5 star but rate 4 star due to we can't download video from new version please improve please guide how we download videos from fb
It used to work qreat on my phone,  but now it's freezing and I can't see no news feed or anything. Pleaseeeee fix
Reviw by azim ahmed
I lyk de knew version of Facebook its interesting
Can't download app to the phone
Exellent
Mani
Good.i like it
normal only
Wow
Jordar
Its very poor
After updating it today, i found out that it now has 99.** mb so much for a single app.
C'Mon f/b. Now It's worse than ever! Won't even load & everything else is soooo slow! The ONLY reason I won't uninstall you is candy crush! Now that won't even sync w/ facebook!!!! I'm thinking to just delete it off my phone. Too much problems!!! Even with messenger! Fix , or We r gone!!
Nice
too bad app...plz chnge the fb desикgn
Awesome
This is great app loving it.
Why do I have to download masager app for... I don't want it or I would have it.. acess to my phone and contacts is my right to talk to who I want too.... so you can snoop throgh my phone... see through my camara is a joke and againt my rights creep on people who need to be creeped on.... not people who don't need it.. facebook step your game up... and stop with this horse play... I like facebook but am thinnking I well go back to myspace.. they don't force you to download apps for your masanger.....
New update causes facebook to constantly crash. Doesnt matter what i am doing. Pleasefix.
Every man is on fb
Just the way it should be
Excellent.......
Facebook
Don't like to be bother by updates....all the time updates....
Lenovo K910L
Thumbs up
Wow I love it
Just bullshit app
To good
Bun
Easier than befor
I'm. Addicted to Facebook
Ok good
Nice.  You can communicate 2 your love once@ abroad
Fas book lod
fasebook
Lo mejor
Dont distrb that update update
Rotp
Too many glitches. Going back to using my browser if needed. Soon as I click on some0thing it just goes off...makes me think of a virus so  I'm good...way too attached to social media anyway. ..a break well needed...bye bye fb
It's really good, just takes up a lot of data but it's awesome.
Mm
Ajmal
its toooo slowwww
You get hacked easily. It makes you download the facebook messenger which hacks everything on your phone. People will be able to see your contacts, photos etc. I recommend you guys to NOT DOWNLOAD!!
Grt
For indian market where net speed is slow ..it should not consume too many mbs..and why u update this every week..fuckk you
I like this app
Great app luv it
Its vry fast n easy way to connect wid frnds
Cool App :.
Fb is a greatest soci@l network.....!!
i dont wanna download the fb messenger, im ok with this chat.. so put it back please
GOOOOOD
Very cool
This is an amazing app and i think every one should get a chance to use it as it can make them more sociable, like it did with me!!!
Won't stop closing out by its self so annoying
Facebook

Fanstics

I love asia
We found
Facebook
Really annoyed with the new update! Doesnt play videos that are posted to my timeline. Frustrating!
This app is poor, always showing old posts
Very good
Too many updates people!!! Takes up so much space. Should make messenger optional not mandatory. Constant screen freeze and shut down. Could do better!
Size has gone upto 200MB+ Sometimes its not even Opening :-\ it gives errors fix this!
If one is able to copy a post on a wall/page I will rate it 5
Rk Jakhar is simple man use this app this is good
Works efficiently
The events slow the app down a LOT and becomes annoying to use. I tend to log into the website to see what events are coming up because it works better.
Very good
Needs improvement
Good

Not bad
Wow
Going to anyones wall force closes the app and exits to the home screen. This only started happening after the latest update earlier this week.
I am very unhappy with this new android version of the Facebook app. Every time I open a post to read the whole thing or to read the comments I have to completely start at the top of my feed again. Also I all unable to open any links from the Facebook app. If someone had " shared" something. I can't just tap it to open it. VERY ANNOYING. And I am not happy about Nokia being able to share photos directly from my gallery. Makes me wait to use my computer. Fix the kinks and I'll re rate.
Great.Thumps up
Facebook needs to fix this app all it do is drop.....
uninstalling cause i dont want a second app just for messages.
The best application in the woRld . Thanks chebrio
Good
duh! so many bugs i hate it. please fix!
Worst for phones with low phone memory .. the previous update was better atleast in terms of storage usage!! And now cant use this app anymore!!! Pathetic!!! And after all of these , now again messenger!! What r they trying to do!!! Please develop a low memory version!! Please!
Not bad. It's good apps...
Excellent
Nice app.
Social utility that connects us with friends
Wow

I dont like messenger
I cant live without it <3
I can't open any video in facebook.. Pls fix
Oooooosam friend....its ameZing app
Very much annoying .. With in 5 days new version available without any changes .. n in updating lots of data is consumed
Chutiya app h saala
Cant downlod dis apps.!! Fix it now..
Amazing application
Download at least 4 stars
Facebook update sucks
ж╥ж┼ ж╠ж┼ж═ж┴ ж╠ж╔ж┴ ж╓ж┴ж╤ж┴ ж─ж╧ж╘ж╦ж┼ж╘ж┼ж╔...
Very good
Good
I want to move pictures to different albums!
Stop with the updates its eatin my storage
This app is getting worse with each upgrade. It freezes and stops alot! Needs an upgrade that will make it work. 
Super.....
Superb
Good
NICE
Stickers shows black background.
After thousands of complaints about the new messenger system and reviews dropping, one would think that facebook would be bright enough to realise that they've made a mistake, fixing it the latest update. But no...
Pakistan
Constantly crashing my phone or freezing. Please fix this
Why can't they leave well alone
Still the ugliest update out of any social network period. I haven't done another Facebook update for weeks. Five tabs are just way too many. Idiots
Shilo Will
Face book is too good! x
~ Promise <3 haisT
Hi
Good
Just keeps taking up more space. With no actual updates or fixes.
Huh guy
My favorite list on the chat bar doesn't update
addicted to it :-P
Force closes constantly, which is a major problem. Doesn't refresh to current and scrolling is difficult.
Satyamev jayate
But is well worth it . Mus
How many updated you needed without any change ????????
Saroj
Shakeelashaikh

Good
Nice
Much clean n responsive since previous versions... But separation of messenger and frequency of updates is simply annoying... So simply stopped using the messenger.
U make us install something we don't want, the videos won't load, and it takes so much room. I'm ready to uninstall
Like
It's not Good;););)
This is okay I really like it but not the scamer I have talked to on here
More space utilization and poor performance, I think Facebook is of waste before poolwo social network in india
Oh god I can't send stickers even picture after update fb app and it's make me angry.. :/ except this fb app is good..
RANA
Good
super
Like this app
Good aap
Excellent
It is nice and good
No thanks
Facebook is life no comment
Facebook is not just an app,  its an amazing app to touch with the friends.
Cannot log in anymore, keeps asking me to update my ID, have done several times, still cannot log in FIX IT
can't enjoy watching video, make some improvement.

зезрзтзрз╘з┌з╓ з┌ зхз╙з╤з╪з╤з╓з▐зэз╓! зжзуз▌з┌ зх з╙з╤зу зчз╓зтзрз╙зэз█ з▐зрз╥з┌з▌з╤ з┌ зрз▀ з┘з╤зсзрз▌з▀з╓з▀ з╙зузёз▄зрз█ зчзтз╓з▀зюзЁ,з┌ зсзрзязфзрз▐зх зх з╙з╤зу з╙зуз╓ з▌з╤з╘з╤з╓зф! зпзж зпзбзез░ зйзбз│зкз▓збз┤з╛ з▓збзйз▓збзвз░зг зк з▒з▓з░здз╡!!!! з▒зр з▐зрз╓з▐зх з▐з▀з╓з▀з┌зЁ зсзтзрз╘з╤ з▀з╤ 4, зфз╤з▄ з▄з╤з▄ з╓зузфзю з▀з╓з╥зрз▌зюзъз┌з╓ з▀з╓з╒зрзщз╓зфз┌з▄з┌ ;)
Yahooo
B0ooooooooringgggggggg...
Not update fast.
Could you add the games in plx other people my opion
Kill that facebook mssngr.
Aakash
Best
If I need to do anything other than look at my feed, I can't with this junkie app. Facebook is going downhill with all it's "improvements" that no one wanted. Not user-friendly at all.
Update update update only update. boring app
Very good
Abdul Shakeel Bhatti
Hi This app is not so good since working very slow in adroid phone
I am rally like this... Nice.
Best app
Please fix watching video bug
Its very good software P
Loved it
Nice
Send button = like? WTF?
I only swipe down on news feed and it crashes every time fix this pantech brust
Very nice
It's nice for Social Networking Sites For pics. And for sharing views
Facebook is friend book
Good site to get ahold of friends and family..
Ok app
Lot of updation with no changes shame on u facebook this app need minimum 130 mb storage eating to much RAM every time phone getting hang waste
Auto multi task for fb l like this app
Good
Cool app
Good
Just updated my Facebook app and don't like the update.  It's not even full screen anymore.  I have a note 3 and the posts all have a gap around them not utilizing the full screen.  If I had a smaller phone I'd be more upset.  On the note it displays about as big as an s3 screen.
I like Facebook .
super
Woe^^!!@@@@
Thanks forever
Cannot remember what news I have read: after update all news are reordered and view scrolls elswere. This was not in older version. Major step back in usability!
Access to your full phone I do internet banking I don't want Facebook to have access to all my accounts and passwords or private images...sort it out Facebook you bunch of pr"*ks
Sunil Sharma
Las nuevas actualizaciones no me gustan ,les faltan funciones !
Its nice
Very bad
Half of my games no longer connect to Facebook can you fix this problem or tell me why this is happening since I updated.
vgivh
You'd think for the amount of updates we have to install I'd be able to watch a video the whole way through. Sort it out!
Can't tag any1

Tpayear&ukkmoboss
Good
Its great
Nice app
Nothing to say
Sarika vyas
It gets forced close ever since i updated.... Please help
annaz
Very nice
I can't use it
When I'm logged off Facebook..that's what I wanna be (LOGGED OFF). I don't need to be notified about FB messengers when I'm not on it.
I love this app. Its the best way to communicate with friends and family members
I had updated atleast 5 times in the last 5days.. Atleast some one say what's happening...!
I like keep it
Nice. Application
I m trying to download it but it cant be installed on my phone
Y
Every other time I open up the app it freezes/crashes, sometimes even crashes my phone. Click on posts and they knock you back to feed and you have to scroll again, continue reading option sucks, hit a friend in your comments or likes and it wont bring you to their page. Bugs,bugs,bugs, fix them!
What's he deal with it
Good app but only problem is I don't want messenger separately
Very fast
Fantastic app to connect people
Ozil
The latest is become worst not good please fix it
Loved the app
Its still has issues
Why i can't update for my Asus zenfone 5?it's said duplicate provider authority.
awesome....
Sux
Vinod Singh
Keep it up ;)
Nice
amzing
Roll out an update everyday but don't bother to update the what's new section. Force people to get messenger? Well, guess what? I am not even interested in facebook messages anymore. So have fun shoving it down somebody else's throat because I am not gonna install a seperate app. Stupid.
Love that
After update facebook takes too much space plz fix it :-(
Loved it
Verry nice. I love it.
Bcz its simpl n fast ... :)
It doesn't work anymore, always a login error. Please help!
When  ever  i  like  a  post  from a  page  a   dropdown  of  related  things  come .But  it  freezea  the  phone   for  some  time.Plus  too   much  space  man  the  app  requires.Its  degrading the basic  version  was   very  good.only 3stars.
Enjoying it very reliable
Facebook
Facebook
So
Good
123456
Super site
R
Lol not work
Horrible
Do not want to download a separate app to read my messages
Mua Mua .;*
Good job
OMG .
It a good way to keep in touch with your love ones and friends.
There shouldn't be a requirement to dwnld the messengr app it should be a choice.... this update really sucks my newsfeed isn't recent shows post from.several hours ago and  past days w/o ppl liking or commenting  Plz get it together fb
for an older version
Fantastic
Daunlod
I only HIGHLY DISLIKE Facebook now because or the requirement to get fb messenger. I'd rather not message anyone.
As usual application
I hate fb msger eats more ram n privacy issue
I just updated and even worse than before. I thought updates were suppose to be faster, not slower and it keeps closing me out.
good
Good
Yea yea yea
I disliked messenger since the first time I tried it but now BEEN FORCED? I have always been good with Facebook but now disappointed me.
Love to be able to communicate with friends!
Its cool bt da thng is dat u hv to download messenger to view your messages pls do smthng
Porque se cierra de la nada cuando estas en la aplicaciиоn ya no reconoce direcciones del GPS en los Estados muy mala calidad
Only for normal use
facebook
Nice one.
No more enjoying app.
Loved it awesome app
It good
Facebook
.......!!!!
I cant install this after updating my phone to kitkat...please help....
not very bad but not excellent as well. i hope i can save pictures to phone without them getting blurry
Great apppбн
Vius
Very good app
The best social app in the world. ..Thanx Boss...
Removed messaging for seemingly no reason
I love facebook
Love it!! Log lng sa phone!!
Julibireun
It is working now
It works great
Plz fb get rid of your face book app. It's crap.  Everyone I know hates it. Plz do something about it.   You shouldn't have to download an app for one to mms ppl.  Plz change!!
Hi
Be practical. .
Hh
Hay
Its fine
Like
Not gud. Some time this apl will bi hang and close also
Best
87905
Love it for contacts
Love it very much
Ths one is really gud.. mst try
Privacy, lack of privacy. Too many permissions are requested and no one like that.
a good msg 4ever come from u...FB
Love being on FB but I have problems when trying to play videos and sometimes my messages dont show up in my inbox! Plus it's not that smooth when moving though it!! Very annoying. :)
Nice apps
I like it
Forcing users to install the messenger app is not a great marketing move. I'll stick to the browser version.
This app is better than be on web I prefer it better
Molep molep
I like fb but it be acting stupid sometimes I can't see my news feed & won't let me log out
So laggy..
After the last update it keeps saying ERROR LOADING NEWSFEEDS!!!Pls...Fix
Itsss amazing
Puni
V.good

Very good
Got back my beloved and childhood  frnds...thanx to zukarberg
I updated my facebook and after i did the page keeps crashing on me. I want to give you 5 stars but this one error is stopping me from this. Fix it and i will change my rating
Please fix this and messages app?????
Great job
Just get the update correct! Tired of updates that still have problems. Facebook has been out for so long and theh still have problems. Plus i do nlt like being forced to use messanger just to message friends. Its a whole new that takes up space.
Keya
Wews tkha
I really like dis
Load of shit
Well worth the download as my browser is Slower than  a snail in a turtle race this app allows me to stay connected wherever I am
This is nice
Super
Good
love it....good to contact with all people in this big world
could be better but it developed and stable now
Joey
But I don't want messenger because my memory is full.

Average.very glitchy and no new look as stated.
So osam App
Why should I download fucking messenger man where I cannot   log out and keep my chat logs personal and not showing it to anybody its waste of.  Mob download lolz
Nice
Love it...
I have a problem in signing in...otherwise awesome app
I like facebook and to be in facebook. But it would be even beter if I can massege without massenger
i love this app and it works very well thumbs up
Love it
Gsks
And its alittle bit lag but it ok now really awesome 90 star out of 100 and pls fix the space taking its still taking alot of space in my memory
Keren
don't no,
Menyukainya
Yo yo yo man
Ok
Indonesia
nice application
Nice nd fast app
After continuously trying to install it, this aap has incompatible update, how mean...
its not working on my phone.
Yes........
facebook
Amazing! Download now to get update from your friends.
Bring back original facebook and I rate 5 stars thank you
Gd one
this app is very good and very fast
Nice
Nice

Then
I will use this app but all of the bugs for this update needs to be fixed!
V
I dont want your secondary messangrr app! Stop pestering me! Why are you making me add a second bloated, invasive Facebook app to see messages??  Please put it back the way it was
Daily updates..Its annoying.
Very good and  preety app
Best of fate
Wuknsrknxh
Hygg   C Fghhbb
Its not installing it says insufficient space while there is alot of space left
Supered
Hi
I once rated it 5 stars after the last update i hated the app and preffered logging by my browser if i like or post or report or tried to view a picture or a video it crashes
Ok

Meh
Hi
E
Kuch or rhta ...
Nice
So slow!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
(y)
The best app
Excellent!!!!
Love
I hate it at this point! Won't load and keeps closing out on me! Needs to be fixed!
Update was not good because to chat we need messanger ....give 2 star if this problem solve i will give 5 star
I like the app
Fuddu
I love it :-)
i like facebook
Is not possible to read messages here anymore as Facebook is trying to force customers to get facebook messenger. Facebook messenger reads your sms and other private area of your phone beware!
I liked it ...uuuuummmmmaaahhhhhhhj
nicely
I hate having the messanger I hate that u HAVE to have it in order to get messages it slows my phone down drastically get rid of messanger and ill keep facebook and rate it 5 stars
Nice..fast to brows
Bintang 5
Monicajain
I've never had an issue with this app until the last update. Now when I tap a story that opens in Chrome, Chrome force closes. Please fix this.
Very good apps
I uninstalled and re installed app. Same issues. Cant get to home page and if i do it wont last more than 10 sec and i get kicked out of app. Hate it. Sent several times to f.b. not sure what is causing this but makes me want to end this app.
Ne yorumu face iste amk
This app wont let me watch any videos.. ever.
Its clear and nice in design but its very slow in functioning
Super excited
Ever since the update Facebook closes on me when I try to open comments, pictures or play a video on my tablet! It works fine on the phone however. It is supper annoying.
Error
Awesome
nice
ayaw nman
K
Nice& knowledgeable information
I had to delete it because it has too many permissions. I am deleting all apps that can  have permissions to go through my phone and mess with apps or information that is a none of that business business that includes Facebook, Amazon, whoever I'm tired of giving people all of our information and all they do is get it hijacked and won't tell us when their systems have been hacked.
Advocate Hetaltrivedi
What a lovely app i have never use internet $i m using facebiik it works fastly superb app,,
This app let's me connect with friends
Nothing more expecting
Good
Jerose
Keep saying insufficient storage and will not update
I hate the fact that the Facebook chatt is conditioned to a messenger that is so slow and useless, I want a Facebook of its own chatting access.
Keeps crashing and shutting down
Dont like it.
Nice
good
It's taking so long  when it's loading
Sexy
Top stories shows things from days past. Status updates allows everything I've unfollowed to show in the feed. Go back to giving us a choice which we want and allow our unfollowed to disappear. I didn't update on my iPad because I dislike it so much. Also, if my settings say I only want friends to see my posts, don't switch it when I post my status. Keep it friends only!
it used to be good but the recent update wont let me open the app. it crashes instantly
An easy way to keep urself updated.
I cnt download Facebook.can u plz fix it
helpful
How to save a picture from messages
Thanks u for this apps.  Easy to install
It's really good
Just good
I dislike fb desgin and plm video etc also fb should set up new called 'fb video call'
Nice
Cool
Help full
Easy to communicate fellings to worldwide. Soo cool app
K
I dont like the fact the app is taking up so much space nd is forever closing on me while im messegin someone
Ale uto
Singh
I love you

Bugs bugs bugs
Msz in app yaar
Factory
:D
Fuckin bollocks of an app won't even open
I reduce my 5 stars to 2 stars...the new update has errors we can't directly open a notification fix that
Nice app. But not facilities for free video call and dislike options.  Please update
Keeps stopping
Good
good
Supper app
Awesome
Jeffreyrevarez
Bagus kale . Wait why am i speaking in indonesian . ooooooooooooooooooo okay so yesh , its a good app . But im only humaaaaannnn. Wiggle wiggle wigggle  , My anaconda dont ....     lol just singin , bother me , im s crazy ppl
Its awesome web
It takes so much memory
Soooo gooddddd
O
:/
Good
It's very slow
Ok
It's rocking. A way better than twitter
10 updates in a week wrf
Why is Facebook killing my battery 10% every five minutes literally?  I take phone of charger it's dead with in 30 minutes.  I uninstall Facebook and it lasts all day.  Please fix!  Uninstalling until then
Amazing app
Super
I don't need FB messenger
With this app?!
thallipoli
Why does Facebook need to control my camera, ,microphone, monitor my calls and conversations, in order for me to use this App?
good app
Im'on F.B ev every other day now it wants to freeze and slow down please fix
Very slow loading face book, no good for my note 3
For what i make update its only waisting time coz nothing is new,
Crash
I cant view may news feed video / pictures....  always loading even my wifi is fast.
Make it work smooth like instagram. So many glitches
Loved it
Voice call funtion should be improved
Update it
I love it,keeps me entertained <3
Excellent Excellent Excellent
It's better
It's nice
nice...:))
To much Ram consuming.
ILuvIt
Ok
Super love it.
Everytime when click on reply to the messenger message, facebook will stuck and the messenger chatroom cannot come out
I love this App its a fast way to connect to your old friends, kiddos to Facebook team.
it is easy to use&update on facebook
Good but very heavy application. Eats a lot of Ram and battery. Also most of the time the pics or post which I liked earlier got deselected when I reopen the app. They shows as liked on the web version.
I don't like its new style!!!
I like it
I love the app...
Fix this app for lg g3 I'm about to literally throw my phone to the wall and break it cause I can't even open the app anymore. And it's annoying as hell and messenger does the same thing and when they do work they are slow. Takes 3 mins to scroll down an inch
I hate that it takes up so much space that I have to clear the data 3-4 times a day even when I don't use the app It's really annoying!!
OK done
Very slow
BRENTH LEE
This app is my favourite app because I found my all friend which was I lost in past... Thank Facebook.
Love this app
I liked it..!!
So gooooooooood
Good
new messenger sucks. everybody doesnt like it.
Separating messages from Facebook app wont make it better.
Since the update,  FB won't open until the 50th time I try. It keeps force closing
Its ok
It causes fb messenger!!!! I must took one stars from u
Facebook
Facebook is really great! But why do we have to download messenger!!!! That's just wrong! It would be better if we didn't have to. Waste of space
Salman Tyagi
Lambatnyaa Memasangg !
After update always can't open this
nice
Nice
Facebook
Kurang meriah
It's fine. :)
Muthu mythili
Never used like before
Ram usage is horrible :(
My life
I love it
Check in your permissions on android devices. This app along with messenger has the power to access your cameras microphones and even read your text messages irregardless of privacy. NO NEED FACEBOOK.
Good
good job
Full to Dhamal..
Does what it needs to do.
Like it
Not better
Nice,,
The only app on my phone that freezes!! Annoying!!!
Yahya jan amna
I like ths app
Facebook rocks
I love this new apps
nkakainis!
It freezes up both my husband &, my phone.  It takes 3 to 5 minutes to open or the forced close warning comes up. Now you can't check messages with it.
It very nice ....its very easy to use ........
Nice
Vena Sarvena
Facebook
India
Awesomee
Very Nice
Why I can't add pic on comments?  My mobile is Samsung tab 4 .. Please I need answer or solution
Nice
Mk.1195
YUSUF
Add photo filter and effect so we can apply before posting pictures.
Bad application they dont answer the questions you have, or fix anything
Fb app is supperb app yar
Yay this app is awesome
Great apps
Great!
I just uninstalled facebook from my phone.Why they need so much info about me? Why picture control,why sms control,why call control?? Why why why...??? Just done with it no more fcb app on my phone.does it
Sumtimes it doesnt giv current updates
Very very nice jus loved it
i want this feature: 1) enable acces to my already liked pages, not the suggest to me, just like the group. 2) download video directly just like mobile web version, sd or hd. 3) when i have notification about my friend birthday, direct me to my friend wall, not go to tomorrow/next week birthday list (who programed this? very stupid if you ask) thanks you before...   EDIT: EDIT AGAIN: only apply for multiply birthday notification 2star for you guy..
Excellent.
Exclnt.
I amazed
Good good
book
Good appps
I love Facebook.
Ji hидaaaaaaaидaa
I love thia app,  is dam cool and user friendly. I recommend it highly.
I luv thise app but may be any missing in thise app
nice
I love the facebook but it takes alot of time to download . When it reaches the 70 it gives me error. If it will not give me error i will give 5 stars
Please reduce the size as possible as less
Nice app
Supar
I cannot view my profile because when I try to it crashes
My phone has 2GB of internal data with no option to move apps to my SD card. Every time this app updates, it gets bigger and bigger. When I first installed, it was at 60MB I don't see why it needs to be 112MB and them make me download another 40MB for Messenger. This needs fixing. Or something. Not everyone can afford fancy high-tech phones.
M
Love it
yed
55238409
N0
Please faster
The showing of pictures is very slow, please fix it, I'll give 5 stars
Excellent
Good App
Verry good
Vry good
I canot view my message
So um, my old comment was about a notification problem, but now it's about something quite troubling. I want to like a specific post yet I can't. 9/12/14 - 5 likes if fixed
Vinay vinni
PLEASE FIX       PLEASE FIX
You should not have removed messages to another app. Craaaap!!!
We can communicate.....to everyone easily
facebook
Imtiaz ali husnain
Nice good working
Haven't try it yet. Still downloading. But the old one was good
From sites other than play store you will get messenger included facebook
but i want better...
I get an update almost everyday for facebook.. Yet the whats new description rarely changes.. It would be nice to be kept informed about each and every update
Kesetihan
Facebook <33333
Excellent
Facebook
Won't load newsfeed after a while. Keep having to turn my phone off and back on.
Good :)
Why we cant share audio files there...:( n its consuming too much space...
Good
I give four star
The App constantly freezes, randomly just closes on me & sometimes if i click on comments then go back out of it it will take me to a page I was never on ! I dont think its the facebook app I think its just the update as it worked awesomely befor it automatically updated ! :'(
Wtf fix FB all crashes
Seriously! This app eats a LOT of memory like a LOT! And also the messanger! Why do you even have to separate it when you can even just put it in one app?
ok
To big megabyte for Motorola's android.
Stupid update
Its vry nyc software he vry nyc
This is a great app
Keeps freezing
Its a good app but hangs quite often
I loves it's
I don't like the new update look up what messager and what is can do to your phone don't use it, use your web browser people
Nice
I have good cnx but facebook dont load
Why cant i see other pictures? Its still loading!
Now I have a Facebook I can use thhis
Working fine
I'm uninstalling this app Because it takes forever to load, and has log in issues.
Finee
I LIKE THE FACE BOOK
Nice
Superb
Fc is a best app to connect find friends
Good good good good
Best way to share ideas n thoughts with others
Like like like
Amyzing
I like it
Baluwad
I dont know how it is work m anable  to install itdue to  being  a eror .
Love it
Hi
Its amazing.
Why im cannot upload my videos

Noir A10
I can talk to my family.
Can't load pictures and videos
Better
**Samsung Note3+Gear** Ths app wrks awsme in my nw moble....
Love it
Keeps crashing on Galaxy S4
Lovee ir
I need to download
Haa
WHY do we have to have messenger now? It was fine the way it was before now most people cant send messages heard alot of bad things about messenger. Useless
I dont know what's wrong. It keeps getting my total MB FOR this .app way too high
Please fix this! I want the older style of uploading pics coz it look more professional. But keep the edit. Just change the looks please! It bugs me a lot
Error.. error.. error.. needs update pls !!
Pakistan
Gi
Toinks
Network error with data network
Good app and work smother then any athoer app does
Penak coy
I like ir
Thank u fb because of u i can connect to my friends
Good
I just love it
It is a very awesome app.
I have entered the correct email & password then also it is not working.Thats why I HATE THIS APP.
Just look it...so incredible.Gud and I like it.HAVE this please frnds.
This is the best for Android much fast on chat with friends...
its good for time pass
fab......<3 :-*
Very unattractive. Much easier to use the mobile site. Navigation sucks.
Improving...
Friends
The previous version hd sm problems I m expecting tht those problem ll b fixed in this one
Good app
It crashes sometimes or it needs minutes to start
Love it
Epic
It's better!! Really smooth !
I like Facebook.
Too slow in refreshing and uploading!!!!
Totally love it
Its awesome
I hope someday it will take ram less. Not 55mb
since its now required to have 2 separate apps for viewing feeds and chatting,  I'm giving this a low score until the messaging feature is added back
Like it
There was an option in the events category to see "Nearby events" it's not present in the new update .. please take it into consideration. Thanks.
Thanks
Cool app!! U screw up the messenger though!!
Pitcha
Is lovely
osm app then windows app
Working good
Rajesh
I am always happy chating with my friends on facebook.thx so much for bringing my friends so close to me'ahuga
Application good and nice thanks for this..
Nice
Always getting better
Good Excellent applications
Not update the notifications. Load slowly!!! Why does it auto exit? I am very annoying about that. >.<
I love keeping in touch with my friends on Facebook but they lost two stars from me because of the mandatory messenger download for sending private messages. It's bloatware
I like the themes
App works well, but we sorely need Facebook optimised for tablet. Everything being stretched out is very bad form and just lazy.
Its Awesome!!!Its Worked Fast!!!
Y i can't view HD video!!
1st time i m use this app i really luv 2 use. But now i cant chat with my frnds. When i clik chat option it tell 2 download messenger
Afeef
Error, downloading insufficient space
I like it
Good
Good work
Going:/xxc?//"gatta.
:)
always lagging..bullshit
facebook is not chalaing
Deleted the app and went to fast fot facebook app which doesn't make you download another app to see your messages.
It controls you more than you control it.
Good
I don't likel this because 15 days After its take update it is scrap app
Doesn't aggregate comment replies the way that the desktop version does. Too many complicated settings in the menu,still don't allow you to fully customize the app. Some settings are not intuitive at all.
why i cannot with facebook messenger?
I like it
Too much storage, usage mine facebook app is approximately using more than 140MB , excluding messenger... And it is not possible to move it to sd card. Please help being a good developer....
I love your service
Won't load, just gives me a gray screen. Using a Google play edition device running 4.4.4 and I'm getting problems :/ wtf
Jairamdas
Nyc............
Fb
The app choosing the preference of my news feed is annoying. Top stories . . annoying. Logging on to see a ton of posts from five days ago . . annoying. Occasionally friends post emergency situations. Facebook on my laptop is how I learned my grandmother was about to pass away. The phone app wouldn't have allowed this. C'mon, friends aren't marketing products who webvertise, and we all prefer recent stories over top stories. Myspace who, right?
Especially, if you look at the big size of the FB App.
Awesome
Goliyan
Great application
Very good
Very well done 4 this
Facebook
u lie
The best social site
love this app but why it force to download facebook massenger?? and blocks messages after a specific time... too much disturbing... kindly dont force to download facebook messanger... because i love to chat on this app....
I love fb
Nc
aj kal kothea uthea kala chn mildea
Facebook
I love facebook. Its working great.
No
Good
I
Some of u  are jackass y be cuas u don't have to uses any money to text any body alli no I<3<3<3<3<3<3<3 it
Ok
Wherever i click the app just closes.. I'm using galaxy note 3
Facebook
NICE APPLICATION...
Nice application
Goood jobo
The app is nice and smooth, however, I'm facing a very annoying problem. Whenever I press "Continue Reading" in any long post then press "back" botton after reading the post, it will auto refresh the page which I'm in and return back to top. It'll not return back to the same place. This forces me to scroll down again till reaching the same post I was reading in order to continue reading the next posts. Please fix.
Display picture
The app works horribly, the only reason I kept it is to share things from other apps and that only works half the time. Something new needs to kill Facebook like Facebook did Myspace. Hmmm maybe we should all go back to Myspace?
Update for my RAZR max is really slow will not allow for feedback, comments, viewing pictures, quick.responses with emails...etc....
Ok
very nice
Why we install messenger if we have low space then????
I like
Always CRASHED...!! Force close..!!
This is a very good sicial network
Slots machine
Zain.butt1988 skype
I give it 4 stars because when I click vedios it automaticly starts .I want the option .when I click on vedios it gives option that play or downdoad.then I will give it 5 stars.
It is very good app to me
T
I love being on facebook.but the prblem is always error..can you fix it...please
Helo im thankful
Not a good
It very cool
Very gooooood
:-)
For an older version
I love fb. But I dont like messenger
Arshim
Nice app and useful

app
Facebook friendly
Since new update keeps forcing close needs  new update for samsung tab 3
Gooood
Nice app
.keep it up
Khan
Bda hi fadu aap h y ..... m to village ki hu kbhi socha nhi tha duniya m aesa kch bhi hta h..... loveeee it
I love face book very much
Plz..remove facebook messenger..mesage..or i will give him 1 star
Gud app....bt its take lot of space ..45mb....plzzz solv this

This update is also not working, I still can't upload my cover photo of my timeline please fix this I am waiting.
Very bad yrrr
Gole
it's fine not too bad
Love it
I wonder if you guys add a reply bottom on comments so that i can reply to others instead of opening my PC and searching for the comment to reply on it
Facebook
N g s t i@G a m i l. C o m
Love it
Very cool
Me gustaria q la cuenta sea mas privada ay muchas gentes que roba fotos para hacer otros perfiles... poreso doy 4 estrellas..es lo unico q no me gusta de lo demas esta bn
i love it
12/9/2014
Tokugawa's plal
Goooooooooood     for   tack with friend....
No comments
I cannot save the photo from msj,,,,better solve the problem
Good
Facebook would have 5 stars if the message would work! I don't want the messenger either because I don't want the messenger to be using my phone like calling ppl when I'm not or using all the other stuff that messenger does what all I read on it..that is why I deleted it off my phone. So Facebook if you want 5 stars then you put the message back on there!
RAMKUMARGODARA
nice
I really enjoy it to download my apps and easy to use if you went to school...
Mast
Pls I don't like d Facebook messages fix it,its just d same so what's d need for it
More & more information? Let me be....I'll let you know if I'd like to add something! Terms & Conditions along with your privacy policy are ridiculous!!
Facebook messenger
I
Very good
good
Like

Works decently, like some of the new features but, its such a RAM HOG and the file size is HUGE. Is that really necessary?
I like it .and its very useful
I can't open groups and images. . When i click to open videos, it will ask me to watch from web. .
I loved this app , I advice all others to download :)
Apps force close and this messenger thingy also. Please fix this.
No comment
Cant download it!!
Please you should add video chat to this
Gfgt
Facebook an interesting app
Love it
Its all good but cant tag pages.... please fix
Ok
I love Facebook not facebook messenger
I don't want facebook messenger.I want only facebook.Please fix it..thank you..
Good
Nice app
Ilovesomuch my facebook..
Takes over my phone, kills battery, hard to navigate. Expect better from such a popular app.
Hi
Good for everyone! Face your book
Earlier it was working ok but after the update it hangs a lot and consumes half of my memory
NOT Working    it says no connection but my connection has no problem
Please help me with my daily scratchy
Good application
gudd
Its a good software batter then facebook messenger
Pls don't remind me about messenger app when I start a chat... I know that....
smooth
Why face biik messengers? I dony want messenger I want to keep it the way it used to be
Lyca
Like it but fix the bug to install the messenger plz
Poor update
Don't videos download please development this apps
Gr8 bt slow
Like it
Amazing
Awesome
best bhaii facebook..sape yg x deww facebook rugi lh..hehheh
V good
Hello my all friends from baba malhi
Can't live without it
Don't like anymore forcing me to install its new messenger uninstall this facebook application.
Works good...but still not satisfied..
Amazing
cant download due to an error :-(

Facebook
Faster
:/
nice
A great way to connect with family and friends and just being supper nosy lol
It consume a lot memory, please fix this then i will give 5star
My problem is,  it freezes up a lot!  When a video is on my news feed it just freezes there.  ALL THE TIME. and I'm tired of it.
why does my facebook keep closing when i open it?
I don't want top news by default.  I've already read it days before!
ANG galing ng app na to sobraaaaaaaaaaa!!!!!!!
Mke it more fast please dats it
Marvelous app. Nice features and graphics. Easy to use. But there are 2 problems. First we can't share songs from our media store unless we share it as a music video from youtube etc. Second we must have the fb video downloader in order to download videos and here comes the problem. We can't download shared videos from pages or people unless we like the page or users have uploaded them personally. And this is sooooo ANNOYING
Is a verry sortly apps
Nic
B
Bugs
It combines friends together
I love it , it so cool  yeah meeen
Good
This software is very well.
Good
i like this app.
I love it
God is love

NICE!
I like to facebook app and many to help on facebook
I layiket  facebook .com
have many problems with Facebook. They've revolutionized the internet in the same way that Google has. LiveJournal is dead because of FaceBook. But I don't feel like they hold the same standards as they once did. But its evolution so I just wanna give a shout out to the employees that make FaceBook happen. Keep it up, guys and ladies. Cheers. JG
Hai
I really love this apps
Not responding
I stay connected with family i havent talked to in years!
Got lot of things benefits about all ur need 2 know n u can meet new friends all in the  world. TQ.
zuper
Nice i can use it well just fix a messenger i cannot sen smileysor any following option of messenger plz fix it
Notifications are not receive..
But d thing is messenger is very bad.I hate it. U jst remove Facebook messenger it doesn't work properly wat is d use
Can't see my location in status
Error 492
I love it
This app is ossum liked it very much.u should try it.......
Epagashamiy75
Forces me to install messenger please fix
It much worst....keeps on closing every now and then... USELESS
Excellent
Its difficult to loading
5
Hi mi Phillip Steven Phelps
To good for life
There should be an option to status where in specific people can be hide. Omg. I can only do it to browser.
Nice
Ibrahim
Cannot download videos..
Its too good
Good
Cool...
Just updated my Xperia E1 and it uninstall my Facebook app....now i cant download the new version.... Pls fix this problem ASAP
I like your product.
Good luck
Please add feature of photo comments!
My timeline photos can no longer be seen 
It always prompt me to download messenger.. when i want to see my msgs it prompts me to do so.. please fix this and i'l fix my ratings..
Good
kllllllllll
I do not know if this comments are true but maybe they are Ok am lost and am the one whose talking. Hope its a good app
Goodjob
Nice
Vbnfhb
This is very useful app wherever u want to talk to your friend just on the internet and chat With your friends
Well nd not well
sala fudu software samsung galaxy ace ch download ee ni hund
Crashes a lot!!please fix it!!
best way to say hi to the real people
Its beyond the word
Everybody Hi.!
I love f.b.
Why the daily updates!!! You send an update every single day 
Very slow
Rajkot
facebook is very easy to access any time and all instructon are clerly mention.thats why i like it.
I dont want mesenger please fix
Thanks fb
Best app for this  generation
I like very much facebook but I dislike of facebook messenger.......
Its a swweet way to keep in touch with friends n family,also the best way to explore new relationships.Who knows!! You might meet your soulmate...Keep cool..
Time away
This app keeps stalling and then closes on its own. I also think it's stupid that it doesn't show "Most Recent " posts when the app is opened
Good
Not sure if I can watch vids now but WAAAAAAAY better!!! UPDATE NOW IF YOU HAVE A MICRO SD CARD FOR ANDROID
I super love dis app
I've been very satisfied w Fb app on my Android
I have updated the app past few times in a month but still cannot get newsfeed to load. It keeps saying "error loading newsfeed" every time I try to go on facebook.
Great medium to se e the world
Really very bad
Liked
Can't get on fbook. I uninstalled trying to install again and I get error
Very nice
Simple sosial
So awesom coverage
Since update it is hanging too much and also it signs out by itself in middle of browsing ...... fix immediately
just awesome, keep it up guys :)
I love it
give us the old chat message. dont like messanger.
I enjoy facebook and I liked the convenience of having everything in one place. I will not download a separate app for messenger because that is the stupidest thing I've ever heard of!
Chutiyapa behn chod
Super
Facebook noe
No most resent in this update.
Good
Active application for active people
Sun internet
Just best
Nice app
Facebook Messenger should be an option NOT A REQUIREMENT! It's called freedom of choice and you're NOT giving me one!
It is just awsum
New look is very bad i like the old look only please bring it back.......

I liket but fb.in joy
I like it
Gile
Fb is d mdm dt cnt whole prt of d wrld
PRABHA
After the recent update it logged me out. When i try to log in it wants the approval code. It's supposed to send me a text message with that code, but i never receive it...till today. And now i can't log on. Im not happy at all.
Soul of my life
Facebook
fantastic...
Nice
Ahh nycc
Hi
It tries to improve. I still find that news feed doesn't show all posts and going all the way to the right and down to more to access recent ones is ridiculous. Your feed should be easily controlled from the main screen.
Nice
I want face book with Out face book no life me LIKE A LI KE FOR ME AND my GIRL FRONT THANG S FOR WORLD WIDE NETWORK KING Kong Et. I-"n.....lsalat AND du like alike for D p wORLD ^ a W01 NO: AL0V THE WORLD. like like Fok All thinks
Like it
Nice
Nice app
NIce update.. 
Good
I like fb
I've done multiple updates, and what's really new? There's suppose to be this new app design, or layout,  and every time I download the latest update, it looks the same. If there's the need for an update, besides bug fixes, then change something, add something new, instead of the same old thing.
What happen to facebook everything is not going good as before..? Pliz fixed it as soon as u can.?
It can help us in all the ways
I don't want Facebook messenger and I don't like to be randomly brought up to the top of the page.
Hossein
I love it
I love Facebook.. Only problem I'm having is it keeps kicking me off after like 5 mins.. Keeps saying Facebook is not responding.. Is it just me or what
Being a page of facebook is awsome.... wish to express myself happened.... through this....
can't view albums on pages
This app always crashes after being on for only about two mins please fix and i will give u five stars
Everything i load the app, i have to wait for hours in "setting up facebook" it then will say an error occured and kick me
Anil.Kumar.Aylara
remove messenger app on Facebook it sucks bad mess up Facebook is doing
good
It's an okay app

Tions.
Ilike it
May facebook. Com
i love facebook
Why we have to forced to download fb messenger app. It is need big speace ram you know !!  WTH!!
BAD BAD BAD !
Why isn't my automatic location working when I post ? Please fix...
lovely
Good
Anil Raj
It takes a lot of space other wise it is a great app
Sooogoood
I cant load anything...
Good
Cont to force your msg app. Its not about the privs, its about giving me the choice. Tried it, its a resource hog. Clearly if I want it, I'd download it. Let it be my choice. Want us to use msg app features, make it one app that will run on starage or SD card.
Positively refuse to load the messenger app...
It's OK
This app is good for doing business
Nice
Can you please fix this?
:)
More. Easy
I refuse to be forced to download messenger. It takes way too much space.
facebook
Glitch on android. Freezes and crashes often
Always shuts down now when clicking on a link.
Facebook
Still has scam artist
I don't want facebook massenger I want only facebook
It's good to have some changes
Nice
I love it
Very fast
Precious
Its a very fbk but why is 22 mb
Iive and let live
The current update isn't working like the previous update. It crashes 3 or so times and takes forever to load a video or doesn't at all.
Loved it
Tss
Facebookk
but i dont like fb messenger
I want older version because i don't want to use messanger
It is awesm!!!!liked it
Excellent
I updated and now I don't have the app! Everytime I try and download it, it says insufficient memory and I've deleted a lot of apps and it says I have space! Please fix this asap!

Loved it
Get it
Its too gud and love to use. This one
Verry nice
Good n nice
Gabo
You should not have to download messenger 1, 2 if you need to fix the bugs. On my tablet and phone, i can't stay on Facebook more than 30 seconds. Never had a problem before. FIX IT! :/
Gives me a white screen and then forces itself down.
Ha mejorado mucho...excelente
Jai ho
el mucho saver no es bueno
I don't like this new layout update. I'm stuck on old news feed and can't get to "most recent"??? Help?
Still need some fixing
nyz app
Joke
Best app in world
Gud app
Good
Chakru
It's easy way to connect and enjoy to friends that's way to give a 5 stars
It very nice yo use
The update handle caused nothing but trouble for me. Was working great then I updated now it freezes constantly. I'm deleting and reinstalling. If this doesn't help then I'm going deleting update all together! Urgh.       9/11/2014.  I'm so sick of this app. Now every time I try to upload a video it says "processing video" for ever and never uploads. Facebook app is about to lose a user!
Cant play videos when i want?
the application has a tiny letters so it is very difficult to read and take long time to open.
Everytime i go to something or try to post the app closes.
K
Good!!"
It not let ne dowload it so I hate it
Its ok
Hang
Its batter
I updated it and since then every time i try watching a video it gives me an error. Please fix!!!
Hi
Disappointed!!!
Devi
Slow to download it
Too many updates..
Good. Despite all the discovered personal privacy breaches.
Slow..laggy..
good
Hmmmmm....
Get rid of the message problem please
Nice one
Bring back the old Facebook where you didnt need messenger and I'll give it a higher rate! This facebook sucks!!
Fil
Its the best
Photos not uploading after update!
Error loading news feed
Love it
Much better.
come try it
App stops responding, crashes & jumps to most recent posts on it's own.
The app always closes or says its not responding.
Rather old version.
Facebook
I love facebook.
Hard to get current news feed and dont want to loose messages as they are
its  all good
Great
Facebook
Works fine for a few minutes then it freezes.  Then I have to restart my phone every time.  Fix this please
Why do we need to download messenger? If we want to chat, not that i believe the rumors about it cause i went through all the apps and they had the same, but needing to get messenger is making everyone hate it...
Done
Sanoj
13/9/2014
I don't receive notifications for my posts placed in liked pages. No options to download videos directly from app and also please get rid of Messenger from Facebook app..!!

M
Lov it
i dont want messanger so unistall

Why does Facebook want permission to access our text messages? !?! Text messages have nothing to do with Facebook! !!
It is not what i expect still ok

can u please make an option in photos where i can move a picture from one album to another?
You can even download facebook only...
Atfirst it was performing really well but suddenly it started to crash everytime i entered into the app.please fix it
You suck facebook
Excellent! !
It will crash whenever i try scrolling through my news feed
B
I am unable to add contributors on albums. Unable to allow for notifications on lock screen.
Stop udating...this is terrible..keeps gettin worst
Don't like cover photos being public either.
Singh
Won't stop crashing after most recent update. Have deleted and reinstalled, still crash. Deleted Messenger, still crash. WTF? Why have an app if it crashes every 5 secs? Fix!!!
Cool application and can even communicate with other people around the world..but taking too much space in my memory card..that is not very cool..but still like it..^^
I loved it until the messaging thing please give me my real Facebook back can't get into my in box and gang send messages please fix
Not bad
I like this app named fecbook.
The app keeps closing itself and it happened since the update for the Samsung Galaxy Tab please fix
Robin Singh
I dont like facebook messenger......... if you solve this i give 5 stars
I want to download video on facebook .. please help me ..
Facebook
This version hangs the phone kindly fix the problem
DOESN'T ACCEPT MY PASSWORD. IT SAYS IT'S INCORRECT BUT WHEN I TRY USING THE BROWSER I CAN LOG IN. WHAT'S UP????!
Because it can't show new comment some one standing.
God is watching
News feed stuck all day then when did work finally videos wont play.
I
Very buggy app fix it its keep crashing
For older version
Hawateshome10231990ethioplandcellg
Excellence
Cool it
No matter what I do it keeps kicking me off and I hate the new messenger
Major issues
Since fb messenger was forced downloaded facebook became very slow and it hangs evrytime i scroll my posts. Better bring back the old facebook or rather develop a new one or bring back the friendster app..
Wth is up with this app???? It keeps freezing up and/or forcing closed!!!
Facebook is vary useful pahala man gokario satha vata karava ma SRAM avti hm facebook na Karna nathi avti atala facebook vari uaful
K
Good
Good app
Facebook messenger should be separate
Only been on Facebook for short time some how they think I'm a ad salesman and in partnership with Google they block me from doing much of anything so I deactivated my account
Great app just downloaded
F*** Facebook and F*** the FBI if you install this app on your phone you have no privacy -_-
Sooo awesome :-D
I don't need fb messenger so I gave just one star and it'll be one star till canceling messenger
I love how you guys at Facebook clearly listen to what your customers want in an app. All these people complaining about the same few things, and really there has been no attempts to actually do something about those problems. I suppose with all these people relying on your social media network for their daily lives, you can really do whatever the hell you want though can't you?
Nice
The app should save to sd card and downloading messenger shouldn't be compulsory.
Keeps crashing
Loving it XD
;)))
I don't want to be forced to get the Messenger app! It should be optional.
Too much battery consumption
Every time click on something it closes. Please fix.
Wonder
Sometime its hanged  and not responding. So you must be improve this app
Josemene Madeus
very nice..
Good
Superb
Since the last upgrade I keep getting "error loading news feed"... Please fix,quite annoying!
Joshi nokha
Love the way you serve us.
Very useful to connect old friends
hate Facebook messenger
Tak best langsung
Better one
It closes out!!!!
This a good app
The best fb.
My phone always crashes when I try to tag a photo or try to upload a photo to an album.
Getting better by the day ;)
I can't make feeling or any thing else from status and when I scrolling down it go back to the top it's became sucks
Good
Best of the best
I hate the messenger I just want the Facebook app. Takes up too much space on my phone.
Very nice
ouh
So fuckin annoying
App keeps crashing on tablet. Fix..
Very good
Keeps closing itself out for no reason. Also, needing a seperate app for messaging, when it worked fine before, is ridiculous!!
Thanks
I hope when i open the app after uncoicidence close. the app will be in the same news feed. And make more easy to search video in page
It's not letting me log in I opened it up it logged me out and won't let me ok it keeps coming up with somethig about a ssl error
Like
Xperia C
Khan
I hate having to change the news feed to "most recent' every time I open the app. Also, enable messaging in the app again. No one wants to use two apps for Facebook. Listen to your users please.
Love it!
This app doesn't let me do anything. It randomly closes the app when I'm trying to view and read posts after about three to five minutes. Fix the issues and I'll re rate.
This new thing of having to like pics of a page you follow top keep them in your feed is not a bad idea. I thought it was a rumor until I noticed it this weekend. So I liked at least 3 pics on every page to get them back, 3 days later they're gone. I can't help it if a page only posts something good once a month. And the rest of the month they're posting boring or old pics. I still like the page. Just not that post. Now I'm liking pics I don't like at all just to keep my feed going. Fix this
Put the location back on so when you type it tells you exactly what city or state or at then I'll give you 5 stars again sit at work 2 weeks ago
Very nice application.
Facebook
Holy this needs to be fixed, glitches alllllll the time to the point it won't open
Mmmm kollam
I cant watch videos anymore every time I  try to watch one now it says video not available.  This is lame im tired of fb
God. It stucks, it forces close etc. Please fix that soon!
Can't play videos, please fix. Must we install messenger?
Install my Face book
Yo yo suurajit mondal
Whenever I watch a video ,it takes me out of it and won't let me see it??  Umm Please Fix it
Older version is good. This version of facebook is not good it doesnt look nic
Works fine except I have to uninstall and reinstall every time there's an update. Says there is insufficient storage space no matter how much space I have.
why I cannot see my messages in Facebook app...they are forcing to install messenger to see the messages..not good
Amit
Never a good connection
Nice
Hi im looking for coupons n yarn old magazines to read send 1.00 to. Mzannamae po 3616 E 75th Cleveland Ohio 44105
Not happy everytime i open something it close
You nid to fix the message i give 5 stars
YuP
I don't need messanger  plz fix it
It uses to be a good app I was able to read my friends posts and post things myself but as of Tuesday right in the middle of reading it goes off and gives me a message saying unfortunately Facebook has stopped working. Please fix.
Good
I can't copy taxt
Love the app
Why do we have to install messenger it should be optional fix it because the app is pretty usless without it I would much rather just use the browser than the app.
What is happening, Images not being uploaded
Tablet is a failure
I don't agree with having to download A separate messenger also glitches news feed to random parts.
Sithu
I don't want messenger please fix
Need to be fixed, cant like any posts, because it chooses to unlike, will give 5 stars when fixed
Videos are getting errors again!
9/11/14 no load. Nexus 4 stock 4.4.4 rooted. ART
Crashh.. crashh... and craaaaashh..
It's amazing and I really enjoy the app

Y
Awesomefcuk            very much
It is taking my mobile storage more!!!!
Always crashes on KitKat version . Please fix this ! Please fix some bugs & glitches !!
Very nice user friendly app. Very fast operation
Ridiculous to split into 2 apps. Without messenger this app is useless.
Vedio
Incompatible for sony experia wtf
Ok.
The app works good!
Wtf.... Updates... Update...I hate it .               fix it for  permanent time...  :-(
Skeptical
What do you need my personal info for,  and reading my text messages??  I'm not getting the update,  might as well delete the app too...  And sharing my stuff without me knowing?? I don't know 50% of the people I have in friends and like 30% I wish I didn't know,  I don't want those features thank you...  The app is too lagged anyway...
Like it
It's Good
I hate that we are forced into Messenger to communicate now. Thus the 1 star...deserves 0.
Mr
great
Not loading. Crashes, stalls my entire system. Perhaps it's because I'm running ART and not Dalvik, but I'm not sure what's going on. Hope they fix this.
Super
It will not let me install it
Faecbook
i love this apps
I Like it....
It's staying one star until 'Most Recent' becomes the default setting. It's called a NEWS Feed, not a Popularity Feed. There needs to be an option to change it instead of going all the way to the right side menu and selecting it. We need to be able to make Most Recent the default setting.
Everytime i try to share something the app closes. When i click on someone's page it closes too. Please fix.
Connection people across the world
I hate to say ! It always crushes ... pls fix this ...
I try to go to a page and its freezes fixes those bugs
Too much space  n slow
Scooby doo
Babu
This App A1
Love.    It
Its the app who ates my internal memory :(
Just wish it wouldn't DRAIN my phone daily.. Had to delete app  :-( because of it!
Hate it
I'm working on a social networking site better then fb so my info dosent get stolen and sold for profit
Fix messenger issues.. I truely regret that i cd'nt give 5* for a app lyk this bcz of its twin app... U knw what i am talking about!!
Free store
The recent updates are a lil better....
But its to large n my phone always insuffident space..
No good
Like the new format
Una buena herramienta
News feed
Pages work much better now, but auto play video and lack of chat really suck.
Why does the new update need to read my text messages?
Awesome now! Thanks!
facebook is freaking bad, why we still have to download messenger?ah, arggg.
Great app!
Ever since my tablet updated to 4.4.2 kitkat this has been closing on its own...i cant share a post without it closing nor can i make a post to anyone either
Awesome
I love it!
Very slow to download!
Takes forever to load and it won't play videos. Stop improving it!
I hate messenger .
It shuts down when i scroll the feed wont play video anymore very close to deleting it
HTC
Every time I try to click on something or post anything the app just closes. Please fix this.  I'm going to uninstall this app and just use my internet browser until It's fixed.
Yup.
It's really making me mad because about 7mins into it it times out and I'm in the middle of doing something and I gatta go find it Agian and Agian and Agian..
Nice
Love it;)
My phone doesn't have space for the FB Messenger app so I have to open up a browser to see my private messages, which kind of negates the use of the app. And if you think about it, it's ridiculous to have to switch between two apps to read messages and for everything else! It was fine when the messaging feature was in-app.
Social networking
Fix the thing when my mom is on Facebook on me phone I log her out and put my face book things and it was all with my mom like wtf :'( I miss when u log out completely
I LIKE THIS,IDONT LIKE MESSENGER
Error message.....
One word convenience
"error loading news feed" !!
Error
Find friends and family member's and to confirm fhem
After new update now I can't play videos! It needs fixed now. I would like to watch videos I have a Samsung galaxy s4 it's not my phone!
Semarang 4,05oktober 1972
So bad.
Good update
Too slow takes forever to load
I don't want Facebook messenger I just want Facebook please fix & I'll give 5 stars!
Need to make it stop frezzing not cool
Top stories sucks give us most recent. I hate how it just goes to the top of the page for no reason worst update ever
Laggy and slow
I downloaded this to my tablet an it takes forever to come on to sign in! Loads faster on my Moto G phone.
The best app ever!!!
Superb
Works too easy..
Achha hy
Nice app
Nice app
This app is twice as big as the second biggest app on my phone. What the hell are you people doing! Step it up facebook
awsume i liked it
I dont want to get messanger,
I love Facebook app
I love this sovial app...
Love facebook ,good place to keep in touch with old friends & finding love ones or old friends, sharing pictures and reading different post on your post ,not real happy with change of messager,
Verry happy
its not working properly update it
I am able to communicate with my son and others with ease.
Facebook
Its very usefull
Thing
Good
C'mon it's FB, need I say more
Love face book
Awesome!! :-)
It's says duplicate providers authority.
Xperia E1 plz fix the problem
Fix the error message!! My.page won't update after i have updated fb... Now i wish i.didn't do it. Please fix asap.
The best apps ever
It dose not let me tag most my friends in a status and they are on my friends list fix it please this is bs!
Good best
Love to use it and meet old friends too. Thanks Facebook.
Rating
Like
facebook from the app
Its ok
IF YOU DOWNLOAD FACEBOOK IT WILL DESTROY YOUR PHONE OR COMPUTER. !! YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED !!
Seriously, things six months old are irrelivent. Its hard to plan thing with friends when i have to wait till a week later to see they had plans i wold like to go to, yeah yeah i can change it to most recent, but it alwase goes back, and also being an admin in a page top stories ageain is really messing with my patience people dont see our posts and its killing my will to keep finding things to entertaine people when none sees it, get rid of it everyone i have ever talked to has sounded as displeased withit
its good
It takes forever to load and I have full 4G not happy
Remaining in touch woth friends was never be the easy than now ... app is loaded with all the fun one required.
So I download the update and now my videos won't play again.
I keep getting error messages when I try to log in.


It alwz crashes n says Facebook is nt responding..: (
Loved it until the update now it keeps shutting down
Please fix this issue.
App constantly freezes, closes, or will not update. As large as the Facebook empire has become, one would think all the bugs would be worked out. Aggravating!!
Not happy with the new facebook it wants access to things in my phone that just are not facebooks buisness. Why is it that you want to be able to change call logs and messages? Facebook is not what it use to be along with the fact it only updates when it wants and only puts up on news feed what it wants you don't post what u put it post what it wants I watched it delete stuff instead of updating. Not happy with none of it and it will be deactivated soon.
nmahal fb tuk
U need to get
Fantastic h
Facebook
Kdog
Nami ni ya na apps para sa mga addict sa facebook..
Love it
Either update less often or package the updates so they don't take much bandwidth. I'm not your ginnea pig.
Don't update !! App crashes all the time . Can't look at any pages or profiles it just crashes and shuts down . This update is garbage ! Please fix !
Good
That mesenger! Cause my phone was not compatible w/ it! Pls its harassing me
Awesome its simple and easy.....faster ever....really working in all aspects...thank u guys for this wonderful app....
Facebook
When ever I try to untagg myself from a pic.. it crash closes
When installation cute off
Lots n lots to improve..
Awesome
j
It is not be that much fun
It need to stop acting up
Saya suka.
Satisfied

Not bad...
Ok.
Ok
five stars!
tooo gooooood
Super. But slow
Hire a new app designer that tests the product before offering it as an update! Change your name to Mark Suckenberger!!!
Work great
I love Face book.
To much advertising.. Google plus kind of better
Home team
Rat hay
It would be a lot better if i could share videos on private messages from my galaxy note 2 cant see any videos says it has an unknown error while trying to play the video
I think downloading the new messenger is a bad idea.  It should be optional.
Love the app but i hate the updates because they take up so much space they wont download till i delete other apps.
Didn't work well from the start and now it will not open. I can't save pics to share later. Just doesn't well for me at all. I DON'T WANT A SEPARATE APP FOR MESSAGES. I HAVE ENOUGH APPS ALREADY.
Kills battery life sucking up the Ram and Data On Eveyone's Phone.
Awesome
Videos are getting slow to see even on wifi and 4glte
They ask for way too many permissions
Coooooool!! 1 Billion Downloads congrats!
leve me
Since this update my newsfeed has said error loading. Sometimes it works, but mostly I can not look at my newsfeed. My profile, pictures, etc still works. I have no idea what to do. My wifi connection works, I have uninstalled and reinstalled the app, reported it numerous times to facebook, turned my phone off and back on. Nothing has worked yet. Anybody know why?
Great
The latest update SUCKS!!!!! I cannot update my status or post on anyones wall! PLEASE FIX THIS!!!!! What is the point in even having the app if I cant use it?!?!?
Its stealing your identity.
Bagus sekalee
This is killer on the go app to have I love it
not bad
Facebook
The best ever!!!!!
Awesome
Like it
It takes a average of 2 mins to just load the newsfeed
Great 8t
Nothing works the way it should
Keeps shuting down on me since last update on my tablet.
Nice to hear from old friends & family
Keeps saying unable to play video.. need fix
Wow great App
New update blows
<3
verynice
Good
I like it
i lab dis 4 communication 2 all relatives en friend,,,;) t.y
its good
It gives a great time with friends  and far family members
Spmtimes turtle running will apply on your apps,pls fix it 4 making 5stars u want me....
i think that messages should be taken out. Since we have to download the awful messenger app . Its annoying to have a notification that you cant view thanks
Superb
Installing Facebook and messenger especially make phone running slower and battery go down faster
<3 it
Cool way to keep up with family and friends
Thumbs up
Keeps closing down as i try to scroll through the news feed and also EVERYTIME I try to open my own page. Please fix soon.
Since I updated the app, it won't load anything, keeps saying  "news feed load error"
Diffcult to install
Error loading news feed most of the day every time I try to check it I get nothing.... I hate the fact that it keeps updating every 10 minutes when its actively going but then its even worse than Netflix on dialup! And I can't uninstall updates for it so I'm stuck! If you haven't already then don't update! I will alter my review if this problem is fixed!
1 out of 7 people in the world have this app
Nice
I love fast browser
Facebook
Cool app...i love it
A necessary evil for communicating with friends.
Uuuu
error 919
Doesn't work properly! Too many errors.
Can't cut and paste! Wtf? Please fix. Cannot even cut and paste URL into post.
Ok

Love the app. And the games.
Awesome app keeps me busy
Please Update Voice Calling .
Stupid update #it takes u to the top automatically whenever new stories arrives # don't have options for sharing video to other apps n for saving vid to device as well # do not hav options for sahring smthing  privately to only one frnd or to a group pls upgrade upgrade upgrade its n app it must have all the options that website has n y are u forcing me to see my msgs only after installing massenger???
I have had issues in the past but usually they come and go. Not sure if it is the latest update or what! But whenever i try in post in a group the app closes completely! And does not complete the post. Also does it when i share something or try and post on my pages etc! Any fixes?
Good app
Pretty cool on android
Wow
Better than ever. Don't know why people are complaining.
wounderful
Goood
Great!
i love ds app.. bcz my frnds my prnts & rltve----:cmnction
Its a wonderful app that we can easily find frnds
App keeps closing...need to fix this asap...why is it crashing when I access my own page?
This app keeps crashing and freezing up on the s5
Hu
Best friend
It sucks
Good+
Enjoyed it till it got to evasive
i like it!!!
Its having trouble
I would give it 5 but it takes up alot of space
after the new update it cant load new feeds
Keeps sayn connection error
Good
So annoyed - since the last update this keeps crashing & freezing repeatedly. I may well uninstall app & use fb through phone's browser. It used to be a great app, it's just frustrating now.
With this new update. While I am scrolling threw post, I stop to read one then Fb says new postsI'm a blue bubble and sending me back to the top.  Why?
Updated won't connect now
It Has started  to stop working  while I am browsing!
Love this
There are little bugs please fix it otherwise it a great app
Shaklo mosh 7elw
Great
News feed is delayed. Messenger is annoying however fb is a stimuli
I prefer the old design :/
Takes up to much memory space!
Good
I had to reset my phone..fb keeps stopping..and I couldn't log off for hours annnd I couldn't download anything on my fone?? Have uninstalled it since..now my phone works so much better..not good..and quit updating it every dam time..#not happy#
The app is taking up too much space. It is slowing down my phone. Please fix it! Then on the newsfeed, in as much as I'll click on the most recent option, I end up seeing updates as far back as three days ago! Not good at all.
It can be better than this....
It is the worst app I have ever used! Its constantly shutting down for no reason, its done this at least 9 times today alone! So if you get this, be prepared for a lot of aggravation!
Can't use fb now!!!!!
So I Can't Watch Videos Or Even Message People With Having Facebook Messenger Which Freezes My Tablet All The Time I Love Facebook But I Think It's Time For A Update...
Its so good
Forcing users to download a messaging app, that requires access to personal information, text, and phone is incredibly stupid. I hate the new layout, finding the most recent updates is way more difficult than it needs to be. Seriously considering uninstalling this waste of space.
Love Facebook.... all time
Now slow to open which I hate
ilove the vvf
Thanks
;)
its good
Ok
The app force closes on my Galaxy S2. I have never had an issue until today. Just trying to view a page and I scroll and it force closes. Uninstalled and reinstalled and it didn't fix it. Please, FIX IT!
Good
It's good 100% work in my handpone
It keeps stopping all the fu"%in time.  FIX IT!!! #$%&.
MOKSHA SHE NALI
Love this app!
pls. fix it. badtrip :(
video
You need the stupid messager to have message from your friends
This app used to work on my tablet now it keeps kicking me off of Facebook. Frustrating! I'm uninstalling.
Its Got its share of bugs and annoyances but what can you say. A Billion downloads!!
Me
When I have more than 15 notifications and i start to see them a lot of them disappear and i don't see when someone mention me, I also can't have the same options as i have on my laptop as getting notifications of a page as an example
Pasal apo xleh nk download
This app is crashing and making my phone (note 3)go unresponsive i hate this update i have sent many form already by default and still not resolving this issue how am i suppouse to use facebook or watch a video if it keeps crashing over and over
Need more improvement
Luv!!!
I luv Big D
Why the f**k is a social app about 100 MB now? Didn't I complain how big it was when it was 80 MB last month? Stupid!
Freeze, crashed, freeze, crashed. ... :(
Every time this updates the location gets messed up and/or won't show up. Tired of having to reset everything and it still doesn't work
Love this keeping in touch with friends and family.
Great to keep in touch with family
Very okay, I love it and have recommended it for my friends
Vannelson sadick
Great!!!!!
I'm so close to uninstalling this app! Nothing else freezes on my HTC....
Shuts down constantly, unistalled 3 times, I need it working NOW !   How unconvenit !!!!
New
So frustrating the app just randomly closes. Just as I start scrolling the app closes. Please fix this.
You removed that ad that blocks me to install messenger.then you put it again...I don't want to install it..I don't need it...it kills my phone..remove the ad and I will give 5 stars
Every few minutes it shut of and says Facebook isn't responding I'd uninstall but I have a whole lot of stuff I use it for fix it please
After this latest update, this app keeps on closing. Takes 100years to load and reload.
Keeps freezing on me and won't work until I exit and reopen the app. Very frustrating please fix
Great app never had problems with it
I in a million
1 star
Too many ads, was much better when it first was released.
It's very late
best social
:)
I had to uninstall the app on my phone, and upon reinstalling I cannot log in at all. :( Please fix this
it has auto closing down, hang. please repairs your app now :"(
The app. Asks for way to much personal info.
Face book __
Its so so slow please fix it
It now uses entirely to much data to utilize this application.
Supper duupper..
Facebook just wants too many permissions. And I'm not sure I trust what they intend to do with the info. Sorry, Facebook.
Good to talk to friends and family an stuff like that
Facebook
After the update,  it keeps freezing and/or forcing close.
Can't view videos on google tablet since update
Great
Nic app
Good
Continually closing itself down or else I get a black screen and have to unload and reload to start over. This version blows!!! Hate it!!!
loved it
kk typ app....
I just updated my app. EVERY time I scroll past a video my facebook shuts down. It takes forever for the app to open and it takes wayyy to much space. Ridiculous.
T
I like this.
Latest update makes my Samsung s4 shut off and on. It would  only turn on for 10 seconds before shutting down again. Almost was unable to unistall fb because of the 10 seconds I had available to do so!!!  As soon as I uninstalled everything went back to normal!! Worst update ever!! I will just use the browser!!! 
Best
Graet
not supot my phone
Love it!! :-)
Its a good app because everyone is on Facebook but I don't like the fact that now its top story unless you click on most recent. And I can't see my messages unless I get another app. That's a big no for me. Doesn't leave you much of a choice. Use to be a one app social media and now its two.
It great
I really HATE the fact that the newer version turns itself on automatically all the time. If I turn it off, I want it off. There's enough stupid stuff on Samsung Android phones destroying battery life as it is. PLEASE FIX !
Good
LOVE IT
Cool app use it all the time
Keeps  closing!!!
Love it
So you
Like
App version not working
Mursaleen ansari
Mamun
Someone is impersonating me and asked my friends to be their friend so I am leaving the site as I can't stop it
This app is almost taking my internal storage

WTF? I don't want to view most popular statuses from 3 weeks ago! PUT THE MOST RECENT FEED BACK! Stop trying to reinvent the wheel! While we are at it WHY the F*CK are you forcing me to download another app for messaging? You morons have NO CLUE what your users want!
Accidently deleted when trying to keep space but its awsome
Terrible everything is changed. App is worse then before.

sucks l
Amazing
Privacy issue here hhmmmmmm
It wrks gud n fast ..
It sucks
Since the last update my feed keeps freezing or throwing me out! Very annoying please fix it!
..i love it
It's alright
So far so good
Love. It
I like it but I hate when it won't let me see my messages because I don't have Facebook messenger
I don't like that u have to get messenger to text fix it
Xperia z1. Crashes, forces phone restarts...what have you done now Zuckers...
It never fails there is always something wrong...I can't see any photos in my albums. I click on it and it sends me back to the uploads...frustrating! !!!
Hey guys. I just have 2 request. Please add auto-translate in the mobile app and can you add the other messages to reach from the app. Its annoying to go to the mobile site all the time.
Smooth AP not bad for a little LG phone.
Its owsome...got everything in one sheett....
I want to delete my old notes and out of 6 I only managed to delete 2. It would be great if you guys can fix this. Other than that I'm quite satisfied with the app.
Nice
Facebook
Cant log in
I sad
Fantastic!
Pls fix the bugs I face a lot of problems as the app crashes a lot do something for it
New update forces close on my S3
kocham
Best
Well
Love being able to contact my friends from different places
good
A vary good app
I'm khan sanu I love goods
The app keeps freezing and won't even with correctly when I reload it.
I love it
Hey thank even u. Help me God long
Good app
Im lov'in it world best apps & up to date..sempoiiiiii habaqqq angg...!!!
By just using this app, I can feel instantly inferior about my life.....Thanks facebook
Asha tamang
I'm lal
Constantly freezes on the news feed on my note 3
Browser use is just fine.
backup and resetted my phone by accident and FB has my old phone number and is set up for a login approval every time I try to sign.....so it sends a code to my old phone number and i cant login
I hate the video auto play, it always freezes the app, also of course the new messenger app.
Facebook will not connect says  handshake has returned an invalid session I've uninstalled and installed  several times same thing it worked fine at about 1am then all the sudden wouldn't  connect can u please tell Me why I didn't get a 500 dollar phone to deal with this crap.
It lags too much especially when I play a video .. And it crashes
Doesn't even deserve one star.. Uninstalled because it just keeps crashing. I run a page on facebook,  and with this app it's impossible to do anything. Not even see my notifications... this has to be fixed! ASAP!
Cock
Facebook
takes up too much space and don't like that I have to download messenger i
Like the app but find it inconvenient that it'll refreshes itself and automatically pops to the top of the wall when there are new stories. Prefer to continue scrolling down from wherever I am at.
All the money this company has and you cant even make a functioning phone app? Wish i could give zero stars-constantly freezing when loading news feed, and forcing us to use messenger....uninstalled
Facebook is good and nice my people love Facebook
Love it!
When I open a link of facebook page it opens with a browser. Its disturbing me :(
Update just crashes all the time........
Good
Average
Y yt coze I luv my life
Required me to down load another app just to see my messages I would rather just go to the Web site and log in.
Verily hangs
Archanasawant@
Vg
111222
why is it not working???? it keeps closing out
Love it
So good
Sandisiwe sandy nomafoto kabingca
Great
I cant upload a videos...pls.help...
Videos will not play!!!!!! Annoying the **** out of me!
Way to invasive. Forced to use a even more invasive app just to send messages... I won't be downloading messenger. There is no need for you to have access to my texts and contacts.
Loved it
Either give us the user's of this app the choice of being able to view all types of posts while using WiFi as well as mobile data or remove the app. At the moment your app will only allow Sony Z1 users to view videos while using mobile data & not when using WiFi. You are at times causing many users to go over their data plan because of this. It begs the question are you on some sort of commission from the network providers or just incompetent of creating a more user friendly app?.
We need an option when u click a url in facebook u dont get out from the app... give me that and ull habe 5stars

This is the most unusable version I've seen to date. It gets seriously laggy after using it. Of course messenger is the worst (probably to get us to download the separate app), but the rest of Facebook just doesn't behave. I've downloaded tinfoil instead and will use that until Facebook fixes this version.
Nice
Dan daman casey.
Great way to stay connected.
To slow your phone .. but its good
Faithful user of FB app, but having reoccurring issue with v16.0.020.15 update (Nexus 5/Android v4.4.4). App randomly and frequently becomes unresponsive, though Newsfeed will still update periodically; also, on-screen Back and Application Switching buttons become extremely laggy or unresponsive. Force closing app and restarting it does not fix issue. Sometimes, issue still occurs after restarting device entirely. Very frustrating, as the app has become essentially unusable because of this bug.
it is not working at all
Don't want people to be able to call me from Facebook need to get rid of that and my phone won't let me message on Facebook without the messenger
Its an great app people go for it
Even the newest version...Takes several tries every time to open, crashes randomly and constantly. It also uses A LOT of memory. Hate this "update."
Okay
Good
Its really awesome
Hi
I have home internet and phone internet access and still have trouble loading news feed ALOT of the time
Keeps closing in the middle of the news feeds. To much memory and space!
Love it
After reinstalling Facebook i can not get on to the app at all. It takes way too much  memory on my sd card please help!!
Why my message I cnt read and its need to download the fb messenger application...i dont like fb messenger too much eating my space memory...

Crashes too much since latest updates. Half the time im having to go through my web browser on my phone to view facebook. Since the last update its just got worse.  If i could it would be rated at -5 stars at present.
Don't enjoy the unnecessary privileges it has to my phone. Creepy.
Always not working
Quick and easy 2 facebook
I uninstalled my FB because there was a problem then I installed it again and it took too long and didn't work again why?? :)
I am been force to get messenger when I don't want it.
Mirza
You
Facebook
The  Great Baldini
Lovely
You can't even see ur own videos
Excellent. I like this app.
Cool
Not in love with the update! But its somewhat ok i guess lol
i like it
It's nice app
Facebook is not allowing me to like or comment on statuses!
Crashes n update takes a longer time...unable to scroll the news feed.
Why do you need a separate ap for messages
I keep getting log out and then I try to log in I cant get my password to sign in then after several attempts it blocks me out ... facebook you suck....it only does it on my phone.. what can I do..
Everytime i open the app, it unnecessarily crashed and stopped working
Good
I love it
Why can't I tag my friends?
New update incompatible with android 4.4.2 PLEASE FIX!
Jamika Robinson
Very bad own video player....but some thing is better then nothing
Ok

1 zvezdica zato sto izbacujete messenger(chat) iz aplikacije. Sama aplikacija je dobra ali neprakticno mi je da imam upaljene i facebook i messenger servise koji poprilicno opterecuju ram a chat mi zatreba 1 nedeljno al kad mi zatreba moram da instaliram messenger.
Nice program to. Talk with. People. All. Around. The. World
Nice apps
Gud nice one
Hello
Needs some performance update
B
I like  it so much
Don't like the layout, messages disappeared, it sucks
SSSSSLLLLLLLOOOOOOOWWWWW
5star
Hmmm
Bad bad bad
Messanger sucks!
Awesome
It locks up and makes my phone run slow
No body solved -24 ERROR
Should not ever say not responding
peek pu htiw sdneirf
Saroj
Love heart
I loved it! Except I had to download messagener to veiw my messages. :/
Keeps crashing
I turn off notifications but yet I still get notifications. Fix it and I will give better rating.
It takes too much space
Nice
...at times APP can glitch and kick you out, but it's tolerable.
I don't use face book my father uses face book
THIS IS THE 9TH TIME I HAVE HAD ISSUES I AM GETTING IRRITATED FIX THE BUGS
Go fast but when I log on it takes slow plz fix :)
I need to get in facebook to  connected with friend and familys thank u have a nice day..   ;()
The app will freeze when it gets scrolled thru the newsfeed where a video is at! Stop the videos from automatically loading!
When downloading it's 20 megs, after it downloads it's over 100?? Even when moved to sd card it still takes up 70 megs in my phone. Half the time I have to try to open 2 or 3 times before it even opens
Awesome
Some pictures are not visible
If I don't download messager that's stupid
Good
Everytime I try to sign in it tells me I have entered the wrong password. I know my password! This is ridiculous.
Reply comments plz
Uses a lot o RAM. Makes my phone too slow!
My life
Barca
I like it,
Always hang and keypad dosent work on mixcromax canvasA111
With the latest update on my samsung tablet, facebook now closes with almost any action i try including just scrolling... please update your app..
Thanks
Slow in loading my feed.  It happens especially I'd I've been away for a few hours
What have u done to it. It says 30 mb approx but it takes 105 mb. All space taken. This app is lag expert. So much lag. Takes 80 mb ram. Fix it
love it
Very slow servivice 1970style no gd.and no help  big mistake bayind this sheety phone 4 big mony
Gud one
The latest update has problems with bugs and keeps shutting down at random
apps
cool
Facebook is great I love  and want to keep it. I refuse to uninstall.
Love it
Fb continues to freeze up and shut down please fix
Simple
Always online :)
Crazy app
Takes too much cpu and overheats phone + takes too much space
Mehsdi
So slow lately!  Very disappointed!
im trying to download fb on my phone but it says,incompatible update.
TERBAIK FACEBOOK YANG NIE LARH
Like
Good
A waste...
I cant even listen to a video for more than 5 secs and it freezes
I loved it but when I download it show duplicate provider authority y y y y y I need answer,,, 
Dainik jagran
Why did FB change if add a new Profile pic it has to public not to our own settings (mine is friends only). In this day and age with people stealing other people pics to make fake profile, etc.  theirs no privacy even having a FB account if we can't change our profile pics unless we let the whole world be able to steal it or see it and it's comments.  Between that & having to now use another app for messenger FB has now completely been horrible to use.  FB that was a seriously dumb mistake on your end!!
Not letting me view profiles only news feed right now
Crap wont load I dont get it it was working fine then it just shut down and wont load... van this app suck anymore?
Download
Use it everyday
Best app ever
It doesn't connect with any game :(
Nice
Keeps stopping altogether while scrolling. Other times the news feed loves to jump up and down without any input. Wtf is wrong with the developers? This app was great until the last update/messenger debacle
Handbag's
Ufff KIA bat ha
Great....
Nice
Masjoyul@
You
Takes up all my memory only good for tablets and smart phones you need a app sizable for smaller phones
Like to be in, enjoying a lot with my students
Social
Shagun singh
Weak signals and news feed can never load.
Indian u p gorakhpur
Idc
Quit messing with it ,now I can't play some games on it due to you updating it all the time or, missing some of my contacts. !!!!!!!!!
It so handy and easy to use
Lvd dis application
FB APP is ok.
it keeps on closing and I don't see the new news feed to be frank you guys just suck
My fb doesn't responding while scrolling. It sucks bcoz of this new update..plz solve it ASAP?
Nice
Kamal
It sucks i uploaded it n my phone freeze up n it makes my phone get real hot
I always use 'never feel alone.
Supervisor
App keeps closing by itself even after I've rebooted my phone & everything.
I hate this new version!!! It is constantly closing down, and it's driving me crazy. Please fix this soon!
not that great of an app for those who have low internal storage..  the app is not to be blamed either in that case but the phone manufacturers themselves..
Social app
Love it
Kakasura
492
I like its
Homemaker
Because that is Facebook!!
Hot
Pretty cool
Good
Take 65MB internal
this is SO annoying. why cant i install it? when im trying to install this it says this..... "Facebook" Couldnt be downloaded due to an error. (504) i have 85 mb left. tell me why it wont install!!!!!!!
good
Love cambodia 4ever
Hi
I love it
You should enable us to check other folders in the messaging so we don't have to use our browser. And do away with the messenger app because even then you can't check other folders.
It's a pain in the rear and keeps messing up and shutting down. Pretty irritating
I keep getting bounced out of FB.  I am only on for 2 to 3 min then it closes.  Fb doesnt seem to care. I have sent reports asking to help.  No one cares to respond. I had fb for year rarely a problem, after an update it been awful.
Addict!

Ok
I have a full WiFi connection and Facebook ain't connecting...stop with the updates idiots. If something ain't broke don't fix it.
Blabber
I like you
Thanks
Facebook won't work at all on my android samsung mini phone. Pictures won't load ...so slow I just give up. Why can't this be fixed...????
Kul
takes up loads of storage space, uses loads of RAM, makes you install the terrible Messenger app to view your messages which is even worse than this app, no tech support
Use to be a wonderful app. Now it constantly has error, won't load, freezes, and won't keep current post as an option. You have to scroll through the menu to chose it. If you want to see anything current you have to do this. So far I'm finding it more of a hassle and using Facebook through a browser seems to be better. After all when you're on by browser it doesn't constantly freeze,  have constant errors and won't load and the browser keeps your preference on having current post in your feed.
Mr
Amazing
Hari
Adhikary
My privacy is more important than this app, the permissions for this app is crazy
I love it
Y
Bahot khub

I can't watch a video anymore.. when I write a status or write on somebody's wall I have to do it more than one time.. I have uninstalled it and reinstall it and its still not working right...
This keeps freezing up and closing down for no reason! It's crap now
Good
I love FACEBOOK So Much! :
Good
Face book
always not responding
EVERY single time i power on my phone/restart i am prompted to SYNC my facebook contacts with my device, I am sick and tired of this!! Would you ask me repeatedly if I chose too sync???? Doubt it
Change the terms or people will start deleting the app.
I can't live without Facebook.
It sucks
Pak
Facebook
ons live
Keeping up with friends is faster than ever.
I can't edit my comments...please fix it and i wish i had black themes for the night....
Not user friendly anymore. Always forcing to close.
Hooooooo
downloading FB to my phone was very slow and took a lot of my cash
So fast and good
Marvellous
its tooooo slow and not loading images even i have 4g wifi.... i hate now... pls fix
I actually really liked this app, but really disliked the separate chat app.
Sharad malgunde @ Com
Really good APS...very fast .. I don't meant it...
Battery and memory hog.  Do yourself a favor. Uninstall this and access Facebook via your browser
Takeing more space i would like to  unistall
Constantly closes, crashes, won't connect even when using my WiFi  not even worth using 95% of the time.
Loving it
How can i stop fb hackers there has to be a way to do so....?
Sucks
GOWDA
So slow
Want my old Facebook back!! I'm ready to go back to MySpace or yahoo. Anything is better than this pos app
its a good app for facebook
It is an cooooooooooool ap
Helpful
Ok
It takes too much storage
Poli argw.
Good to keep in touch with old friends
I can't seem to connect to Candy Crush thru Face Book. That is very frustrating!
I hop speed dawen lood
Nice
Nice
I love facebook but everytime I open it takrs me to the playstore! Someone pleade help me!
Always shutting off and takes up too much data
Easiest way to connect via FB is thru phone. Nice and easy to use
It constantly force close and freeze! It forces us to download the stupid messenger! Too much space for something that keep sending me to my homepage, Force to download the messenger, won't function properly and constantly freeze!? This suck...
Thanks
It's the best browser for browsing facebook.
I can't stand Facebook anymore, its very annoying and messenger is annoying too. I don't see why I have to have a app just to talk to people privately. I would be very happy If u gave us back the option to use Facebook inbox again.
Beautiful
It is very important lover site
09/2014 : Another update and another downgrade to this crappy app! Now it crashes out every few minutes...its SHITE!           So now we have to select "most recent" feeds from the settings dropdown menu every time or suffer the now default setting 'top stories' full of old feeds??? Wtf??? The app was clonky as it was but now its virtually unsuable as it is.Why would ANYBODY want to see old feeds..oh sorry I mean 'top stories'... as default setting???? Crap App!
I installed kit kat as I bought a new Sony Ericsson e1 and tried to download Facebook and it says incompatible update please fix I have messenger but not fb itself
Yeah
its a good app but just takes up sooooo much memory
Whatever you want is there
Facebook app
good
It is fantastic
Ap will be a  not much  enogh

Good to use
Can't switch to MYSELF from the admin of a group to post as myself. Very annoying...
Finally i have renounced using facebook mobile app since last few updates. Why developers are decreasing functionality of the app?
I dont know what the heck. All my apps disappeared.
Needs to handle multiple accounts. No control over news feed. Always problems.
Nice
Fix, then I'll review accordingly.
Verygood
Good for me and my friends
Taking too much space
Best....
Facebook
News feed is not updating and it offten shows posts from "yesterday" and not the new ones even if i change settings to recent and not most popular posts
Social
Its easy to use when your kinda in a rush
I love this game. You need more ways to get keys to much $. And power.
i like it
i love the internet cuz there is thing named facebook
Everything works fine one update and can't share on a friend's wall any more. and The new video feature is a data hog. Shouldn't have to change settings for a minor update and it seems like right as all the bugs are worked out its changed completely..
It turns off every time that I open my or someone's profile.

The app wouldnt let me use it till i updated it, i had to get rid of other apps just to open facebook. The new update takes up to much space even though its in muy sd card. I like the new update just wish it wouldnt make it so thats the only app on my phone
Fecebook
Facebook
Best app
Cool
Very nice app...
Super
There is no reason why you should require users to download an additional app to view messages.  I can see giving users the OPTION to use "better" app for messaging, but not make them install another app to use one of your keystone features. Made a mistake with this decision.  Fix it.
I dislike this latest edition of fb. Every time I open it it freezes can't scroll can't do anything. Plus I liked being able to check my messages before I don't feel comfortable using the new messenger app. Can we go back to the old edition.
Just like a car wreck.
Pari
I love u more
Its good app
Hangs often and take too much time to connect
Very good
Good
Xxxx
Good one
Videos not playing
Every body should use it
a better way to brows fast
Good
Vetoni
Not giving access to microphone or camera just to update
Hopefully with this update, I won't have to force the app to stop running when it freezes. Freezes when I'm scrolling through comments or when I'm trying to add a photo comment.
Cool uses a lot of data though
It sometimes shut down its annoying
I like it
Estaba mejor sin la "actualizacion"
Excellent
FACEBOOK
Raju
It is good but sometimes it got stuck so i need to reinstall it otherwise it is cool app :-)
Ok
Super fast runing of app
I love face book
This app is very very slow! Literally I can't use it :( and much space on my phone, this doesn't work, what happen? :(
It hangs the phone and it take so much space ....do something about this ....please ...
I wont old version back....
It dosen't shows vedios but..got..help to upload photos instandly..
K
Good apps!
Good
Facebook
Social network
Y Facebook not works in proper way. its sum time full stop.
Its awssmmm but still it needs some improvements
When i click on my app button it takes me to the play store instead of the Facebook app getting kind of annoying now
Keep progressing. Nice app
Pls bring the old version before this one...its more awesome than the new version..or just fix the new version quickly
Keeps freezing and crashing on s4 fix it please
Lovedit
I enjoy being in contact with people I don't see often. Also groups that have similar interests to myself
There is a most need to copy paste options.
Alaaaa
It kicks me off cant visit pages without getting kicked off also messenger stops all the time please fix it so I don't get kicked off all the time
this is ok for the lovely chating
Does not work for galaxytab 3 andriod 4.4.2 kitkat pls update
Koi faida nahi is ka
This app is so comfortable for chating
It eat all my internal storage....it sucks...it can't even move to the SD card...now I can't download any apps in my phone!>_<  if you fix this it would be very helpful!
new version is too slow..
Any time I open and scroll through my news feed it closes in fact I'm uninstalling it now
knowledge
Easy n clear expln
This new service is easy to used & safe...
Good
Comeon!
Suddenly, it crashes and videos will not play anymore. If this continues, app will be deleted, tossed away just like I did with FB messenger. It also consumes data like a black hole consumes galaxies.  UPDATE: sadly, with deciding to report every time my Facebook app crashes, 2-3 times a day  I have decided to part ways with the app all together. I know I will be happier, and may someday revisit the app, after I have had time to heal.. Excuse me... Sob*
i like this application
Do not like all the privacy invasions..bunch of b.s. if you ask me
No easy way to share content from my newsfeed to a personal message. Please fix the options following the 'share' action to include "in a private message." At least return the option to open links in browser so I can manually copy and paste the address. Why does this have to be so difficult?
Can't log off
Cause it's the best apps .. Nothing to say cause i can't speak english anymore .. Lve facebook aps .. baLqiS :) ~
I like it ... its easy and fast then explore
I love dz application ...
This application as well as messenger use ram upto 50 mb so 100 mb is occupied by these applications. The size of Facebook in internal storage is 80 mb in which 55 mb is occupied by data
App is amazing. Its a technological orgy, mixed with a little soft finesse.
Didn't work well from the start and now it will not open. I can't save pics to share later. Just doesn't well for me at all.
This is my love application! !!!
kumar
HI CHINNU SHILPA
Facebook needs to let people customize there page the color blue is getting boring
Easy to meet everyone, you and I can sharing
Cool
Khan
It is bitter
Best app in world
Why does Facebook need to know so many things about me on my phone. Some things in life should be kept separate from others- zero privacy.
Khan
Ali786
Do not like / agree to new messenger terms and conditions.
When i use This aap my mobile memory getting full like 150mb 200mb plz fix it
When i update this ...fb it will close...when i am uplloding my photos etc
Nice app
gu
Sooperb application
Its Fair
Fabulous
Loved it
Ikt
Awesome
Since updating my news feed does not load recent posts! Needs fixing asap please!
Excilent
Randomly force closed. Please fix
C
Good job
G8app
Force closes too much fix this bug urgently
Can't stand facebook
When I'm looking through my my news feed Facebook closes on its own!& its super annoying! Please fit this! ASAP!
Very nice
PRADEEP PARIHAR
Its ok
It's really slow.
Wasting
It is impossible to find my comments after many others comment in the same post of any page, please put my comments visible atleast for me in the first position whenever I want to review it. Notifications are total disaster so at least consider this suggestion.
cool
Every night at around 11:30pm my phone goes off with a notification from the facebook app asking me to log in and sync my facebook with my samsung galaxy s3, but it doesnt use the notification sound I have preset, a nice short one, no it uses my loud and long message tone for some unknown reason. I do not want the phone numbers, email addresses or birthdays in my phone of every bloody person on my dam friends list. Just another usless thing to do with fb
I am trying. To Get on Facebook
It is the good to have all the time
Awesome
Hame
I like this app
Ad
Purely awesome
Its a superb app.....loved it...jst some bugs still there...plZ solve it in next update
I love frinds
Good
After an update facebook keeps crashing on my samsung galaxy tablet. Randomly keeps shutting down facebook while scrolling. PLEASE fix it!
Swipeing very slow. Useless updates
Everything worked just fine the way it was, then you "improve" it and now it closes randomly over and over and over. F@#? You facebook.
This app constantly freezes and crashes on its own! It does not give as fc notice. It just stops responding and disappears and I have to restart it! Which means I have to try to find where I was at! Takes a lot of fun out of it! Sometimes I just quit and give up! I keep hoping someone will tweak it and messenger and offer it for download as an alternative! If fb doesn't do something, the more that switch to alternatives the less people fb has control over! Deserved!
Cool app love the updates
does not work on Rikomagic MK902 since the latest update. Does not load page - notifications do show, otherwise does not work.
I love it
Liked it
Some how good
V good
Unable to add new people to my conversation
great app
Awesomme....!
Superb
I cant download it...
Nice app
The most!!
Love it
Updates
I like facebook
Can't upload pics . Come on facebook get it togeather alredy
Sometimes fb is not working good
Unfortunately while working on our smart phones we accidentally press the back button and sudden facebook app close, please add to it press again to exit and the app will be awesome
Nagendra limbu ( Emehang)
What's up with the messages on Facebook suddenly requiring the Facebook Messenger app to function? My phone barely has enough space for Facebook, let alone the Messenger? Please fix this bogus mess!
When I Sing in. Its hang my mobile. Plz fix it.
I can not share the articles,photos and videos as a private message.
I can't save images from msg........ fix it
M d
good
It occupied more space
Good aap
Good
The new update of fb is getting bigger and heavier. Please fix this. It usually not responding or the phone says: Facebook is unfortunately closed. My friends also experience this thing. Please fix it. ASAP ! Please!
New good 
good but i can't upload video...
I never really had a problem with this app until the most recent update. It keeps randomly freezing for no reason!
Huuuuuuummmhhhh
The latest version keeps crashing
Sucks.. This app totally sucks..
Amezing
It takes up too much space and i dont like that
Easy to approach and nice
its wonderful
socialability is awsome
Facebook
Why I can't login to my facebook can sumone tell mi wats going on
A great
sajani m
Free facebook
Quantum
I can't play more than one video. Force close if i play one more video.                        Please update video player to check remaining time without pausing video
iloveyou
It takes to much ram and memory
But i havent felt that with these app:)
Bhut
Bring back the facebook chat ... We dont wont the facebook massenger... More color , speed , settings and options
The MB is only 22.38 MB but when i Download it,it becomes 66 and higher please fix it :-)
Very complicated because if I don't downloaded messenger I can't read my massage I'm so disappointed
All is well
Gud
It too slow.
Loved it
The latest update made fb close randomly!! it's annoyingggg
Stupid update... take much3 time to loading news feed.. so3 stuipd..
I am unable to do copy paste. Neither I can copy url of any post. And we need to add addition app for doing chat !! Resolve these things then there would be 5 star rating !!
getting worst
Bbest
I am like this application
I loved it
But some not do not play video
I'm super inlove with facebook.
But please reduce internal storage space required. Due to this problem my cell getting slow
It won't open, unistalled from my phone, recently re installed it, and shows the Facebook blue screen then goes back to my homepage, tried a few times the just stopped....
I luv it much betta tan ta prev version
Its lil complicated yet it's very helpful and thanks to connect to my friends
Runs a little slower pictures and videos take longer to load and get rid of the messenger app A BIG NO!
Its too good
Its really hard Tym to Connect On My Phone , always Uninstalled.
Keeps force close
Very nice app in simply us
Tun
Ten years to load somethinggg.. whyyy and cant upload pictures
Love it
:)
Nice apps for fbing....
Ioved it
When using always auto close.
Nice
Habib
Suck
I use it from time to time
Amazing
Good
Nice
Superb

More privacy please
Hai
Selected copy paste system update please please please..   .......
Kirti
I Love Cambodia
I updated and now it kicks me out every 2 minutes for no reason. Please fix immediately
Im using Xperia Sola, and its take too large amount of ram, its suck on low-end phone, please fix, thankyou
Nice
please..how about the low end devices that cant take much ram for facebook app then facebook messenger app..i uninstall the facebook messenger because my phone cant handle more ram..if you update i cant access no more to my inbox if you prioritize it in messenger app
Super
I m open facebook id but i dont know why id not loging out
cant see my mmassages. force me to use fb massanger.
New update would have to be the worst ever in history, it kicks me off, restarts fb everytime I go out of it, chewing the hell out of my battery life even when not in use, phone keeps telling me fb won't let it sleep now can't access my messages grrr, it needs to be fixed asap,
kam chal skta ha bas
not bad
Tt is save for my self
Does not connect on my mobile device. I DO NOT like the update.
5star
It is slow and keep on crashes.
App is very kewl.....
Mukesh srivastava

Guddu
Fine
Nice
I can't download apps
Ilove deeply  Azhir kolvy hfz
Good app
My Facebook apps
this fb app is cool.. but wen i go to message the messenger is always pop up.. i dont want this app to install coz it takes too much space to my storage, my memory become full so i need to uninstall the fb messenger but i cant read my message.. kindly fix this prob or return the previous update wen u cant use any messenger... thanks!
Unbeliveble
Love facebook its nice to see what all your friends are doing
Uses too much memory slowing computer response time.
Old FB is much better
Get rid of messenger there no good look of up
Facebook
fb
Suprb
Orri baba
So doper nice!!!!
Good application
Its.okay
This aap never support for my devi even its so embarassing, previous was good Enough. Pls do something..
Whenever i touch the play icon on the video ...it shows "couldn't connect to server" . pls fix this asap.
This app has gone to complete crap this 10-15 hour ago newsfeed is crap and now i have to install the messenger to be able to talk great just what i need more used storage place from 2 crappy apps
Good
Dont download it ...
All these updates why???
Love to share ....on f.b.
Keeps freezing up!
I like fd
Goodness
Every1 knows it
Was deleted and will not re-download on my experia after last update.
Its nice
Better to look out for a more user-friendly interface...
Can't share to specific friends, whether sharing my own personal photo or sharing a post, I can only share public or other groups.
I love it
Good
Not working with my xperia u
Awesome id never seen an app like this
Kadak App
Working very slow plz take it up !!!!!!!
kha'ry sos
And
Exquisite
I love using Facebook its the best!
G
<3
Majbooot
Verson
I cant install the app cause the app taxes up 2 much space so no fb 4 me
Facebook
The app uses so much data and takes up so much room. Also the top story thing. Do not want to download messager app. Does not load news feed. Lol I don't even log in my Facebook and it grows in data and wake up my device
Good but, Ill w8 for a long time to starting it plzz fix this problem
Niyaz khan
best ever
Hey!  My fb keep crashing I have to uninstalling to get on fb!
Superb
unik
very nice app
Allow to move it to sd memory
Its awsome
Good
It does not open and force closes sometimes. 
Love it
Facebook ini sangat menarik,..dan saya suka. .
For the past 3 months my fb works for about 10 mins TOPS. It then proceeds to freeze/lock up my screen, but wait... not only my screen but my entire phone. For a company that is looked at as a leader in this social media armed wars I have been nothing but completely disastifiedin the user capabilities of this app and organizations attempts to do ANYTHING TO FIX THESE, or ANY  issues associated with their app. FB is becoming old news and worthless as far as im concerned. I am close to just dropping it.
In facebook then i will use facebook after that i increased stars
Awesome
Very Very Slow...Try to fix the problem...Newfeed display very slow...and some  lagy
I've never went over my data until the auto play video started my last bill was 400$ thanks Facebook you must have cut a deal with the phone company's!
Permissions are out of control. App wiped from my phone permanently.
No more space..lower it pls
Berinformasi lgi berfaedah utk smua golongan
It a big help..
excellent
Can't get Facebook
I luv it
Hi
Nice social working website
Thanks for this
It has a lot of problems that need to be fixed
Constant crashing and it freezes my phone at least 5 times a day.
Hiiii
Love you always and forever
Huh
Update is nice. Would be nice to have Facebook and Messenger in one app, Timeline is confused because one second you see a post next time it disappears. Also, when posting a status, where's the except certain friends option like iPhone
Real friends gat to gathere.
M
perfect app
Ye bahut acha site ha time pass ka liy
ehhh
A
No photos appearing on news feed and when posting and you want to customize or choose people who will be able to see it,there's no option. Facebook just keep on updating without fixing all these issues
Super
It takes all day just trying to log in, the updates make it worst... it takes to much memory & space on my phone, drains the battery, waist of time & patience....
Easy way to find lost friends
Just you got to know how to work it
Lol
Vary vary slow and poor and bad looking Facebook new update
So good .....
When I play video in fb..the vid will stuckkkk..
This is imfortant to my mAmy  and this  my father is OFW
I agree with everyone else. And I'm having the same issues!  It needs to be fixed. Also make it take up less space.
Love this application
So v Good
Quite good app
Quick downloding and uploading...it is really nice app
Fast
nice
Would give it a five, changed it to a 3 .since I updated fb I for whatever reason can't accept friend request or upload photos. What happened it's upsetting. Worked great now kinda sucks.
Superb
Facebook
Why have Facebook when you can't get on it. Really fix it
It dnt look rte
It always freeze and crashing down...wen ever I try to view my news feed it kick me out...and its my 7th tym tryng to scroll in my newsfeed
Vo good
It's very amazing app and faster login  and log off                really download it
Fb
Nico
I have enjoyed my time on Facebook.
Lest try new version
I can'tupload pics. Just feel like deleting my page.
Great
Naic
had to uninstall and reinstall this app for updates. it keeps giving me an error code everytime i click to accept a friend request and will not let me do so. it will not let me upload pictures from my mobile. also, from time to time,  the app refuses to connect to the internet or to let me log on. all in all, highly displeased. the app was better prior to recent updates... thinking of uninstalling. it is becoming less and less worth the hassle to mess with.
Its good.Download it
Fun,
Dowload facebook
Good
5*
B bnbn
Good
This application is not working properly, a message pops up again again showing no net connection though the network is in its full swing . Moreover facebook  is not supporting messaging Please fix this problem
Not good. Need more improvement
I can get the Facebook on my phone please.
I like this app
Updated Facebook, and now it won't load any pictures that my friends share. Fix it please.
pls help. im using Asus Fonepad 7. and i cant even make a call on messenger. pls help me.
Good working
Good
I love it
It was sucks pls fix it..much memory grrr!
So nice
So good.
It finds out were my friend is
I dont like this apppp
Hi this is very good and easy and also fast. So I recommended this
Better then old version
Awesome
Facebook
I'm right next to my router but no signal ! FIX IT!!! and all the post say they were posted just now . wen they were posted like a week agoooooo
Why you guys make us download that crappy massenger?!?!
Its good.
Apps always crashes
Hy
Ok
Good
Everytime i try to message someone using the facebook app it automatically closes.
Fantastic
Thanks
Love it
I like it
Crashes by the second. On Galaxy Tab 3 10.1, fb used to work until the last update. It only stays open for about two seconds then closes every time. Have not been able to use for a week now. If anyone has any way to report this to the devopers, please post! Send an update soon, Fb!
mohan
I love it
Bring back the option to sort by date. My stream is constantly full of posts that are a week old... It takes forever to update.. It updates for no reason, but doesn't refresh when it needs too...
I m loving it
It is very good. After the update it is very easy to use it
Very fast
why?can't downloads video
facebook
Grate LOVE IT
Man does this app suck, I mean how many updates and versions does it take to get this right? Likes disappear after a few minutes, i mean they just go away.
Hate it using galaxy tab 3,whilst posting or uploading it blady goes off,its just a waste of time.sort it out for better use in the future.
****
Make it more better.....
Facebook rocks and works incredible on my mobile...cheers
why it was force stop give me answer plzz
Jtri
Don't like the fact that they wanna have access to almost every thing. And of course the fact that its necessary to have messenger WTF! && sometimes it doesn't even load images nor videos
Superb
Excellent app
Its slow af
Very nice
Patel
Liked
ILLUMINATI!
Nice app to connect with friends
How to fix it? :(
Ching
M
I can't remove people from  my group chat.,fix it.
Don't download please because its an iseralil company
Need Messenger for messages
This is so bad i give  1 star
Vinzuda.kirit
Its just stared logging me out for no reason
I love to see my friends and talk for them
Auto close isnt nice.
It takes all permission even the ram space. So its simply ec to use fb in 1mb app opera ;)
mandow.rewa.m.p.India
I don't give more than 1 star
Good app
But it will be strucked more
easy and fast like or comment with photo uploading..
A like this so awesome
App size.
Amor
The browser u integrated for links in Facebook has failed to play all YouTube videos thus far u hear the sound but u see a greyscreen when u expand the video player the video flashes on then back to grey screen in a split second.               Now the browser's completely removed?
eats a lot of ram of 14MB. please fix this
you would think, updating would make an app better. Stpp having updates if they just make it worse! Facebook now randomly closes, it says I'm not connected when everything else on my phone amd computer works completely fine. You need to get your crap together facebook. I barely even check mine anymore because its such a pain in the butt!!
Loving person
Good
vry baad app pres..bck botton then all thng are..unlike..;)
I don't like the crop function .... As in comp .. It lets us even select the whole pic... Can u plz do smtng about it .. Of both profile and cover pics... And sometimes the feeds doesn't load... Even i want the stop this notification... Option..
Kam software
OkLifton bana
The app takes up way too much space. Before the update I hardly had to deal not having enough space, but now I have to check it all the time. I'll give a five if u make this app smaller once again
i love this app
I'm helping Facebook
this app is always force closing

Dap ngat hor
Facebook is the Best Application Where You Meet Old and New Friends And Families Around The Globe
Goodi like it
Why the messenger page have to separate with the fb??!! It's troublesome!!!
Awesom
it says just now on everything
Good but some disturbance at every update......
what a brilliant app, easy to login etc.
why this version always jump & stop at note 3
:)
Enjoy
amazing
K
Why all this provicy
Please fix app so most recent stays.  I don't care about most popular.
Ok
Siab
This app is awesome but my mobile getting hang... plz fix this!!
nice
I can't update it gets to 15 % and then stops can you fix it ??
Pri
Not tooo good actually the problem is with some  options ..else is best
I refresh my news feed only to get a mix of statuses any where from "Just now" to 3 days ago. Seriously Facebook?!?
I like this app
Cosy using Facebook it is just a normal one
Stinks.. Won't let me  open facebook on my mobile, keeps saying, setting up facebook.Nothing happens??
Facebook is the best social networking site.
When u update it, itsucks. Everything is slow n takes forever now.
Nyc
I cannot access my account! !
So be usually
Im love ing it
Grat app
Not good at just loading loading and
Facebook
Very very useful
Uitt
The Best Social Network Ever Found I like it so much Totally The Best
I can't log in :(
Rhyme
Never loads all post facebook says I have comments but they are not showing up. Also my deleted post are still there. The app seems to refuse to update.
Wonderful communication tool
facebook now sucks!!! everytime i open the messages it always force me to download facebook messenger!!!
it is very smart i lyk it
hi its really really too fast and its superb superb cool
I use the application to make shares, but it use to force the use of the unwanted messenger, so I use to unistall it too. Like a weird play!
i love this
Ok
uzeefi sulxaan
Rajan
Javed
Imran
I have great internet on my phone...but this sucks! Everything takes forever to load :/
Won't down load
all
Munni
Facebook nice
OK
ahmada
better in infOrmatiOn
Jay Mataji
Morespace
Always make me happy ^_^
Cool
i dont like it??
Great apps....
No
Could we please program this app to NOT automatically scroll to the top of the news feed any time there are more posts?! That's what the "New Stories" button exists for. If I want to scroll up, I will do so. I'm sick of being in the middle of reading something only to have the app go back to the top and I lose what I was reading.
<3
Thanks
I cant download it ! Its appears downliad error 406!fix this plss!
I don't know if the problem is with the updates but is really bugging me out. When I sync my contacts with the facebook cont it dosn't want to show up the profile picture of the person contact linked up with the facebook profile. I restarted HTC, remove facebook and install it again, but it dosn't help. And it was ok a few updates before. Please if you can take a look at that problem
It was a fantastic app . It was amazing.
Great
Its a good app but can be improve.
Thanks
This new version, it keeps frozing and go back to news feed when I type anything in search for checking in,  in my HTC one m7, fix it, it's really annoying
Our
Love it
Not working
Lenovo
I just downloaded this app and it won't let me into it. It keeps saying it  unfortunately stopped. After I waited forever to type my email in. If I could give half a star I would!!
I like it
Great apppp...
i liKe tHis apP, cAuse it lOad sO faSt buT soMetimes its telLinq me to fOrce clOse it. buT its ok, i stilL love thIs <3
B
After the update, I can't open my profile.
Very slow. How to view recent posts
Facebook
Wehle
Very very good app
Force close
Review with limited use so I'll start with rate of three ; and up or down we will ... ccc '%":
Nice
Not bad, I still prefer the Facebook on my desktop.
Not installing
Awsome
The facebook is important because if your family is living in abroad you can chat him/her or video call
It is neither dangerous nor.....
It is easy to me to log in my fb..
Does loose signal alot. I have to wait sometimes to get back on. But overall good. Would like to use the android version on my  phone when available.
Bad update
The worst app ever. It doesn't even open
Loving ittttttttt!!!!!!!
Can't download videos after an update please fix it
Y I CNT download this facebook
facebook apps is supper
Very nice
Hossain
But I can't play a video clip
Syok
I cant do anything without it constantly shutting down.  I just tried to update my status three times and three times it closed down.  Ugh... please fix this problem.
Nice to cont wth frnds
1
Rater
Awesome
Good
The recent update made this app even better. I became more user friendly and no glitches so far. The new UI is like the desktop version.
Goooood
BAD because I feel like it. Problem?
Facebook is not responding. -_-
Can't copy status always showing wrong online
I cant share video soo poor
This and now also a forced download just to access messenger. Goodbye fb apps, hello chrome tabs.
Not working on xperia e1 kit kat version for some reason
Facebook
Love it

Dis is a waste app. Very  slow app. Time waste my frndsssss ...Takes more RAM ...Always mobile shows storage full
Good
No one uses facebook anymore, too bad I can't even delete the app because it came with the phone! :(
Soheb
Still has a lot of glitches
The app is overall nice but it takes too much space in my mobile. Think over adding an option to move it to sd card
No sync option in app. fulfill my demand and I'll give you 5star
I like it
Pooja thakkar
Takes up to much space dammit
This app keeps randomly closing. Wth?
Why facebook is not installing on my phone it take so many time 2 install
Crushbook
so
I log in on my phone and it "force" closes I can't do anything. I also had to delete apps on my phone to allow room for Facebook..
Kumar
Uninstalling doesn't work!                    Don't want messenger app!!!
Why its difficulty for me to download
Thanx
So powerfull and amazing
It has large mb when installed!
Last app update on 9-2-14 and now I can't view videos posted. Previous update to the 9-2-14 I was able to. Whatever you changed I don't like it. Fix the view videos portion of app.
Love it
love it!!!!!
Piyush pande
suck that i have to download messenger in order to see my messages
Samsung galaxy S3
I cannot comment in any post..... It just closes when I try to comment.... Pls fix this problem... Then it is a 5 star
Great
Love it
Jindagi ka falsfa hath bdao to  sath milega,
Buenisimo fabuloso
Awesome !!!
Super2x nice apps
Cant play vidieo n pic..
Until you tried getting me to install the messenger app. You don't get to invade my privacy and you don't get to keep using all my memory. I only keep this on my phone for news updates in my local area. Everything else I do when I'm at home on my desktop. I will be uninstalling eventually if you keep doing unwanted updates

Mltd
5 bintang
cute
please fix this fb app
i love it
Works better than chrome page.
Facbook
Love facrbook fun alot also meet new people
I wish you never made people download messenger app. Since then it never works for me :( i looove the app and wish it wouldnt crash all the time. Now i can never get to my msgs unless i actually go online. Booooo hate it now.
Veeresh
Why the hell does my news feed update while I'm scrolling, completely changing the feed making it almost impossible to follow?  ...not to mention that I can't go in chronological order anymore. Why would I like to see the same post from last week/hour/day/whatever OVER and OVER? Fix these please cause everything else seems to work fine.
An Error occurs when playing a video clip
I hate the fact that i have to download messenger to see my messeges. I know what messenger can do. Dont download! Ugh it stinks. Just fix that please.
why cannot open my inbox. . i neEd install the messenger but cannot comptbLe to my divice. .
Fine....
Closes randomly, when I finish watching a video or post it takes me back to the beginning, hate it!!!!!
Very good
Loved it
Bad
Nice
Facebook is one of the most addicting web sites and just love it
:
Munmun
Ever since I updated, it keeps force closing on me everh time I click the app
But not support in my handset
Goooooooooood
Constantly closes/crashes.  Unusable in its current state. I am ready to uninstall it.
Its not responding all the time.....!! Pls fix that bug..
The app keeps randomly closing itself for no reason.  It's extremely annoying and needs to be fixed.
This app never works always shutting down, freezing, not responding, piece of crap I have full 4G with all bars lit I can use any other app or browser without a single problem UNINSTALL QUICK
I wanna lot of friends
Great app
WHAT UP
Love it
It cant connect
Awesome!
Go back to the original !
Very slow i cant move to my sd card icant like it
I m very happy after use of this app.
The inbuilt browser helped so much.. but now its not working.. plz developers do that changes again..
I like Google
Images dont open , refresh button not working. Had uninstall and installed it twice but same problem.
Phil
Facebook has help me to know different people across the world

Videos do not load..and whenver i click on any video link, the app just crashes n shuts down..
Get uc browser works better
Make it more easier
Theres  an errors everytime I'm trying to Download application's.
9/10/14 Facebook has decided it doesn't like sharing. 5/10/14 Latest joy is making me unable to comment until I reinstall. Even rebooting doesn't help. But hey, at least I can share links now...finally.   Any updates aren't worth getting and now making the app far too large. Still unable to share links from another FB user. Still REFUSES to load feeds and pictures at times by just giving an error before even trying. It's almost easier and less space/bandwidth on a phone to just use the
Nice program
Asome
photo galary

I really like Facebook on my phone. So I could talk to friend. But when I had to get messenger. It would never work so I took it off my phone. I all so took face book off.
No problem Mon!
.
Facebook
Loves everything. About. It
I like this
Easy to install
Luv it
It's getting hang. Why regular updating is required? Phone becomes slow whenever logging into Facebook. Really getting frustrated now. Thinking of uninstall of this app.
I cant download just this app this take too much space
too sloooooowwwww
Link
Why always fb not recponding ....its unfair tierd to wait almost 2hours of waiting....can u please improve this kind of priblim...
Keeps tellin me that my password is incorrect, so I reset it twice and it's still not letting me sign in!!!! If you're going to make an app plz make sure it works correctly unlike this junk/waste of space on my phone smh
Good
Nice
It acts slow at points but other than that its good
Not able to watch videos anymore. Keep getting error this video cannot be played. Keeps shutting down. Was not given option to upgrade. It just happened
The latest update is horrible. It keeps randomly closing.  Fix it before we all leave for good.
Wai
i cant open my facebook
Good
y not fast to loading
Its a joke
r
It's like this app tricking users to download it many times coz its always freezing then what we gonna do s download it again...plz fix it..
New updates crashed the app
Super slooowww..... :(
Great app. A must do..
Well I used to like it but after you guys started collaborating with Facebook messenger app, you guys wont let us chat without downloading that freaking app. I hate people forcing me what to do. If I could give you no stars I wouldve
really like it very informative
Good new version all apps in one page
It spends more than enough data to browse
good
so many time i try to download but still cant..
This program needs to be smaller for our "lack of storage" phones!
I love fb
Dose not seem to be user friendly. To delete something .oh my god have some time on your hand s and be plugged in to your charger.they put stuff up you don't want up.don't put up what you do.total ovation of your private in for.something you can never ever delete.track you.put words in your mouth.they need to be completely. Overhaul end.remodel.. Know that..that's how I feel.you deside.that's what.this country was to be .you can have your own thoughts.and say them.but think about this how the constitution.
Photos that have been synced from phone are not available.
Good app
A great way to connect
Very bad
Is it just me or does this app seem to shut down allot unexpectedly.....I'm always getting a message that says sorry Facebook is not responding...WTF
Too slow and force closes all the time!
Tttt
Hate that I can't mail freely without having to download messenger 
Terrible company, app, platform.
I like fb faster,but always updating to move version,so i request to ur comp.
I can't open shared links. Please resolve
I love Facebook it's a great way to meet new people. Also you can get to know so many thing fast in Facebook everything comes out, any news, any art and so comes out in Facebook.
Crashes. All the time. Worthless
Give me a peace of mind that I can talk to my family friends and neighbours
The update takes too much space in my phone memory. It does not help.
Not installed
This is wat i call INNOVATION
It makes it easy to show family that live miles away how my family is doing and sharing photos!
Wandraful
Big app
Love it
This app is the only one I have issues with.   I'm constantly uninstalling it and reinstslling, clearing the cache and cookies, and resubmitting my password.
Shutting down again and again .. Loads images very slowly..
Nice
Bahut achha hai..
Fix it or i will delete will not stay open cant do anything
Whenever i go to facebook it keeps freezing my phone especially when i try to watch a video and it's very annoying
Awesum
Wont even open stupid thing i really dislike it!!!!
Facebook is great I love  and want to keep it.
better than nothing!
This is far the worst update ever its super slow and does weird things please do something soon
Swati nandgaonkar
I love fb because it allows me to keep up with old friends and family since I moved to another state. It has also given me the opportunity to make new friends and meet them in person. How do you measure that?
M
Jsjksbsbsjksnd
Messenger and facebook made my phone crash. I had to do a factory reset and buy a new sd card because it wiped it and did not want to work. Please fix it
New update of fb is very slow with its news feed  not work
I love me
I give three stars to it because it has big MB,it takes big space of my phone memory,it also takes three to four minutes to log in. And it slower my device.
I tried several times to open FB in my mobile directly but could not do so. Although it opens through Google but not easily. I do not like......harassed me a lot
Good that i could load up my pics easily.
Having a HUGE problem using fb.   Keeps force closing while I'm scrolling or trying to post anything or share anything.  Fix now!!
I like Facebook app in android o.s
Helps you through all parts of the sign up program._
I'm now trying it out
I'm gonna install/uninstall EVERYTIME I need to open up facebook. Why does it TURN ON BY ITSELF? It turns on then it starts to consume about 100mb or more (out of a supposedly 27 mb its supposed to use). AFTER I TURN THE DARN THING OFF!!! The only reason why I have your app is to keep in touch with my family in another country.
Hey developers why are you making this app bad I have never had any problems with this app but now it force closes all the time why  Update: it works better now but it still force closes
Too many permissions
Ok
Gr8 app
Verry good
Very good app
Cant use any of my other apps cause facebook is to big
Bad network
My any think
I love it
Hisweet
It's been around a long time n every one loves it.
my phone storage is full too much wtf..
I like this so much....I'm 070304151
Kkk

So good.
Little bit sucks and bad
It just awesome
Good
Wanderful app for facebook.
I like
Dislike sorru
better
Nice we love fb
Alwys faboulous
Its hard to download in my phone , why is it , i love it reaaly much but i cant try
Good
Very nice
Good
Like this

Don't have no problems
Lag. More update more lag :(
Its way faster and smoother browsing fb over web browsers like google chrome.
Look it
Zbe
All this started about 10 days ago.  I use the search function, FB closes, and I'm back to my home screen.
I don't like the changes they've made to the messenger
H
I cannot tag my friends I'm posts and it will not let me upload pictures.
love it
I m not able to download the app.So plz fix that
I can't even log on!
Excellent
Why can't I move this app to the SD card??
This might take a while but i think it can be done please try within the next year :3
Jamika Robinson
ok
Its experience to use is much better than that PC and the main thing is it works like mobile message if data is on. And can b used anywhere wherever I go.
Different app for messenger is stupid.
This app is so slow at times
Khategaon
I dont even like FB
Nothing new to add. Everyone knows that this is a rocking app to stay connected and to share life's highs and lows.
It is almost unusable now after these last few updates. 1 out of 3 tunes using it it either crashes or freezes. Fix please.
Gd 1...only fb messenger is creating touble...
News feed keeps failing wTF???
Fix everything
What crap this application. Sometimes not charge anything, it appears as "offline" but my internet connection is totally fine.
But its very slow and my phone
This keeps on closing while I m going through my news feed.... Fix this plz.
B
Fantastic
12345za
When one does,nt answer the phone.I Facebook them...
Good
K
Muy buena aap
Why install it when the mobile web page works well without invading my phone?
I like it
Let us move it to the SD card!
It won't let me in. It kicks me off right away
Facebook content management
Entertainment
A
Every time I share a post Facebook shuts down and then i have to start back at the beginning of my news feed.  It's making me want to just delete it from my tablet....it's been two days since I rated this app and it's got worse since then ...fix it fix it fix it
Its good but same times it takkes long 2 login
It randomly closes everytime i open the app on my tablet. Everytime i click like or try to cimment it closes. Fix it!! It alsomtakes up way to much space. Fix that too...geez
Putos
Cool
It's kind of a dictatorship I think. U gotta download a new app or no chat/messenger at all.
Learn and watch too much
To slow always have to sign in and when I changed my password it set me up with a new page.
I wish everyone would go back to MySpace, this is ridiculous
Facebook is slow on my phone due to the new updates. Also, I don't see the convenience of Messenger. I would rather have all of my Facebook in one place. The main reason that I installed this app was to recieve direct notifications.
Every time I try to do something it kicks me off, Since the last update
Wow

Probably will delete facebook due to lack of ability to store o. Sd card.
It's not opening  up it'll show the Facebook screen or black then go back to my main screens
I can no longer tag my friends in posts. My chat heads are gone (even though the app settings have them turned on). All of the convenient features of the app disappeared with the last update. Please fix.
when i block a person, facebook hangs on my galaxy note 2... plz fix it as soon as possible.....
Awsome
Love it
This app SUCKS!!! What a total piece of crap! Don't bother with this stupid app, just use the FB mobile website. UGH!
Bugs
Slow, can't see how many friends, recently added friends, oh did I mention slowww
Ya#ssssssssssss
Lags
It make my phone low respon
I downloaded it on my phone but i can't open it.grrr
It Wont Let Me Upload Pictures Or Videos . Please Fix This .!
It takes forever to load to change me status or pull up a picture and ever time i like it unlikes by its self
It s facebook
Has started shuttung down today after update was installed
Accupying more memory
I don't want Messanger on my phone..   why it's made compulsory...???
Nice App Thank you..
I cannot download the application completely!why?
Exelent
Something's wrong with it it keeps closing on my cellphone
Love it!!!!!
The best social networking in the world.
It's easier than logging in through the internet in my phone
Omg plzzz fix the update
Crashes after about 3 seconds, since the last update.
Not good for old phone or low end.phone a lot of lag & battery consumption
My mom is in luv with facebook....
Wouldn't load my news feed so I uninstalled it and it reinstalled but gives me error code 24
Freezez,refreshes on its own,the app closes down please fix!!!
FB keeps crashing/closing every time I try to view or scroll through a Friends page. I can view my News Feed and make comments, but app closes every time I go to a Friends page. Tried clearing data and cache also uninstall/reinstall but no luck.
Not cool... using the internet browser from now on...
For me it is easy to use.. And i will say it is a user friendly app.
е╖е╖е╖е╖е╖е╖е╖е╖е╖е╖е╖
Now when u click on the app it doesn't even load, the screen comes up grey. Ur app sucks with every update, it's ridiculous, u guys need to get it together, this is pathetic...
It shuts down after a minute. Went let me post anything.
Me gusta facebook
Sawed arebey
I love it but it be messing up i don't like that cuz i want get on cb 247 df
Love it!!!
It's OK. Wish people would not air out their dirty laundryall the time. And who care what you are eating!!! The only thing I like is that I can keep in touch with distant relatives.
G8
Good
love it
Samsung Galaxy S5 SM-G900H
Love lol
Iloveit
people in the whole world
good
Awesome
I have never had so many problems with facebook crashing until this last update. Ill be in the middlemof something and it will crash then I go to get back on facebook it takes 10 minutes and im back to square one having to search for what I was looking at or commenting on. Ugh! Im very disappointed at the moment. Also its absolutely bogus that I should have to download yet another app in order to receive messages. Facebook takes up alot of space on my phone and tablet and I shouldnt need a second app for the same program.  Please fix this problem
You are all screech
I like it,now I can connect to my friends
I love the way it works
This App Is A1
Always hanging and takes time to download news feed please try to fix it
Not as good as the internet, but it's something.
Very very  poor    app  .
Very good
This is another nice way to connect and stay connected with people I know.
I love my friend in fb
Best
Why did I update? Slow, crashes, hesitates....black screen..phone crash. By By Facebook Mobile. Phone will have so much space now. No more dazed and confusion look on face.
Application
Good
Cant find a way to update it
Love it good way to stay in touch
Love the app. The updates are great. The only thing I don't like is that in order to read your messages you gotta install another app.
Helpful site
I can't accept my friend requests and when I click on my notifications because it has a 9 then don't click on any because I don't care about them the 9 doesn't disappear it wont go away!
I love facebook
Very good
My wifi connection is gud bud its still sgow check ur connection?
Ok
:)
Incompatible update error. Ever since kit kat update on my Sony Experia. Been using a fb international app instead.
U
Keeps closing.  Very annoying
All the money and I c no results fb is a joke
i can't sign in fb sometimes because it's use so much package size and memory :(
I got over the fact that I had to give in and download fbk messenger despite how much I didn't want to (I didn't want to use my browser), but now I'm HATING fbk again. App keeps crashing when I'm on WiFi and sometimes running on my LTE network. Needs a major fix or it's getting uninstalled. So annoying, can't do anything. FIX IT.
We provide everything for your Special Event!  One-Stop Shop!
Nice
Crashes all the time locks phone up its a piece of turd
This app sucks now! I get one it and then it tells me force close!!! FIX IT!!!
Jagadeesh
Urs
Merp!
1971
I love fb
Good day!!!  Thank you for creating this apps, i like it the most than some other sites. The only problem  i encountered is that, it forced you to install the Messenger, and if you don't do it, you won't be able to see your inbox.  Hmmm i'm not really fund of it,  my phone's function is getting slower  whenever i install tooooo much apps.. But, anyway, it's not a big deal.   I can wait till i have chance to see my inbox friends. 
Shuts down when I scroll through my newsfeed.
Video playback doesn't work at all now. When is this going to be fixed?
Since last update it just randomly closes when scrolling through the news feed. You need to fix this
Get error 498 when I try to install.
hi
i cant move to my sd card
Updatenya lama banget diandroid...

The new updated app Facebook is the same as on the web
This app is so good
Facebook worked fine prior to this update.  Now it freezes 9 out of 10 times I open it.  Using a Samsung Galaxy S3...it's not so old that there should be issues this bad.  Fire your mobile devs, Facebook.
Facebook
Attitude
I will get success
Why would it need my camera? I suggest people start to transition to a new multimedia app
Error code 24 this is a worthless update
Boo social app that makes you download another app to talk to people
Great way to keep in touch with my family and friends
Awsome
Thank thou for making my communication so accessible with friends, i like this application.
Gold
Keeps closing me out
Good
Since update keeps saying no wifi when i try to to my timeline
Very good
Cannot connect to facebook servers??? Why??
Nice app.
Better
Onestar
It won't even let me installe it on my phone but that's great iam on the internet
Its not connecting to web even with 4g lte.... fix it!!!!
I love my friends and family.
Facebook
This update keeps crashing.  It's absolutely worthless!
It sucks
Not easy 4 me but learning!
What the hell is wrong with this app ? I can't go to my TL or my profile. It says that I have bad Internet connection,  when I have a strong connection and all my other apps are working just fine. Fix this!!!!
I can't login with this app update.
Victoria Schoenberg
Love it works alsome
I can not inbox any one kmt
I'm gonna install/uninstall EVERYTIME I need to open up facebook. The only reason why I have your app is to keep in touch with my family in another country.
Saya suka
This is annoying. Everytime there's an update, the "near location" vanishes from my status update. I can't find anything in the help section for this. Then, weeks later, it miraculously reappears.
You force us to have the messenger app,THATS not fair!!.If the fb founder know whos the leader now,They will disappoint you all who make program to force us to download the messenger app
I don't like being made to have your massenger it sucks. I don't like it at all.  Is there any way that I can have Facebook without having messenger???
Apps
Keep saying error loading news feed.
I have to keep uninstalling it. I have full signal but fb won't load.
bertha Salgado87 @ gamil .com
Keeps closing out and accesses too much personal information
So after not being able to log in for a day now i am unable to watch videos that other people post...what is the point of an app if i can't watch my niece start crawling or family events...thank you fb for keeping me in touch with them however its irritating to not see things
Kooler
<3
....heavy one..
It's ok
Fuckk facebook
Why is the app closing when i go on my home page
Amazing.but make better from this
One word love
Why u need messanger :/
Facebook
Error loading news feed for the last month or so whenever I'm on my WiFi network at home. Instagram and every other site works though. Wtf
Love it
I only use it because I don't have Internet access at my home.
I can get on the internet and.FB with my computer but have been trying for 4 hours to login using the Facebook app on my phone  but it keeps telling me that single sign failed. I searched settings and it said it was not syncing. It's very irritating!
Failed to update still looks the same, even after uninstall and reinstall.
Oun
Sanjay ray
devoughn u picture is so cumulative o.m.g me miss u youth
and when i open it it will close why !?!
It makes.my phone too slow ( LG Optimus L7 P705 ) :/
its so amaze!
Good apps
Its a great short cut I love never felt so good bout social media

Loved it
Facebook
Invasion of privacy, sounds like facebook is working for the nsa, do they want to know the size of our booty holes too, my right nut is a lil bit bigger then my left nut
Plz fix! Network error all the time! I shouldnt have updated it .Please fix,
Very good
Nice
i love haters...
It's good
New phone ..
All i can do is open the app it freezes please fix. Anytime i leave news feed it shuts down.. Really frustrating
Nice
App occupies lot of RAM and consumes battery in background . Make it movable to SD Card and u will get 5 stars
Honestly this is an excellent but I will never advise anyone to get an account on FB or anything that deals with FB. Before to write FBI you write FB remember that peops' ;)
Doesn't let me download it
HATEHATEEHATE
Its good or w.e
Can we just remove "auto-play" on videos?
This is awsome
Good networking
Era
How are you supposed to retrieve the confirmation number from my message service and get back to the page that asks for it.
Facebook keeps shutting down while scrolling through newsfeed
Love it
Will turn on your camera and microphone without you knowing
I'm disgusted with the fact that fb is  not allowing us to message people without the messenger application I don't think that we should have to have a separate app to message people
Its good!
Best
I don't want to download messenger. It takes space and I don't like that i can't log out.
My newsfeed takes forever to load!!!! Its not my phone or my connection. Ive tried the app on 2 different phones and the same outcome. I can no longer enjoy facebook app. And why do yall need all my phones info??  Update is needed ASAP
Rrakesh
Please Fox all these bugs.
It ont work anymore
just awesome have no words
It has too many bugs. I can't tag people in posts nor can I upload pictures from my phone.
Love FB but hate that it takes up so much memory now and this new mandatory messenger nonsense
Wont update most recent post xC
Facabook has stopped
Available in China with VPN. Since I built my own VPN, it is very convenient for me to use Facebook. I like it!!!
This app literally take legal control of your phone
Yeah
Installing..... for 1 hour
Can't scroll keeps shutting off.
Fb can't instal my fone
app keeps on crashing everytime i select a photo
I love facebook.
Can't go without it
Great title
now i update for my facebook..so on its ok
can not update......
Since the last update it has been force closing and is very slow, plz fix this so I can look at my facebook
EVO 4g
MJHNMJHN
Face is old
& Its some fake bitches up here
The newest update has my newsfeed showing posts from weeks ago even with most recent checked. Can only get about 10 updates and no notifications. Please fix.....
Every time I Scroll Down On My News Feed It Close
No posted videos are functioning.
ganda
This. App
this is good
Goog
It has been a feature on the desktop for about 3-4 years now. Still can't get that option on the app. Seriously, should only take your developers a week. Please add this feature. Stays 2 stars till then.
How come I'm forced to install messenger to be able to chat? I don't trust the fact that you are able to use my camera & listen in on anything I do etc.., even if it's just for an algorithm to force advertising that is possibly for my interest. This is totally unacceptable you money hungry maggots.
Will not stop FREEZING!
I found everyone
not letting me see recent newsfeed or close friends feeds plz fix
Aj
The it makes my phone
Rainbows
Smh
Why does Facebook need access to practically everything on my phone?!? I will not update and actually tempted to uninstall altogether.
Had it installed for a couple of months, and it took up 100mB of space on my phone's internal memory. Needs to be a heck of a lot smaller, or needs to be movable to the SD card.
Messenger needs to be optional like before
I use Samsung Galaxy S but Facebook doesnt work... SLOWER THAN A TURTLE...Hope you find a way to fixed
Great
Love it. Can't live without it lol and don't mind the updates
Cools beans
I cant move to sd card i dont like this updates badly
Bad
I really love FACEBOOK.
Hate it. Why can't we keep messaging as an app feature? Why do we have to download yet another stupid app? If I could give less than one star, I would.
Ever since the latest update my Galaxy 5 will not open any new posts and tells me links are not available.  This is wrong.
Love it ...But is the future ready for "Facebook"?
Good
Closes me out a lot ... and freezes sometimes
Waste
Good
But my galaxy note ll works good. I need it for facebook . . .
Not working properly.
When I try to scroll down in the News Feed, it keeps freezing up because of the pre-playing videos!!!! Please, fix this!!!!!!!!!!!!
Its good but error 927 appear
Love it
Its gud I like it
Nice
Its spend more time ro updated this app its so hard to download and install. can u make past I want to use it immediately.
BLESSED
Facebook
Shuts down freezes and restart it sucks
kyawoo1234
Love it
good
Cool
Facetrash
M encanta
It a good social network
It keeps shutting down in the middle of me posting my stuff. It keeps kicking me off
Why the heck dont gifs play?? Sucks..
I can not access my acount.. I have done everything they told me to do and still can't get on..
Good;););)
Facebook
Ever since the new update fb keeps randomly crashing and closing.
Cool
Good
App closes suddenly when browsing thru pages or profiles.
Keep updating, every updates makes the apps worse! Keep hang lag and close. Why do messenger need to have its own apps? Eat up too much ram. Its a mobile apps it shud be small compact and simple!!
Pawlaweh
Everytime I try to scroll down in my timeline it shuts down.  This is only on my Samsung tablet
Facebook sux. I do not want Facebook messenger to check messages.
Fix fb from blinking off when I share are I will have to uninstall
This app sucks it always freezes or logs me out idk what they did to it the update made it worse it was better b4
Poop
Reatio
Cool
It is so very nice because you can communicate your relatives through this application.
It keeps crashing, I don't know if its my POS phone or FB but it still needs some work!
Sux
As long as it's free. I've reconnected with a lot of my friends&made new friends along the way.THANKS
All it does on mobile is lock up constantly.
G
It make me fast...to see my fb...very cool
So great
It's so fast and easy to use
I have no idea what happened or what changed, but the Facebook app on my galaxy tab force closes CONSTANTLY and has done so for the past few days. I open the app, scroll or click a few times  and it closes. Open again, rinse repeat. I will try uninstalling and reinstall, but I refuse to install the app on my phone again, so if facebook doesn't resolve this issue then i will just be using it a lot less since accessing it through the mobile browser is slow and annoying,
Slow like siput babi
This is very completed app in the world
$$$$$$$$$$$
Constant crashing no matter what. Absolute trash
Love the way it is set up.
Lovely apps
I just uninstall it when I can't see my messages, then Install again. I will not comply to forced messenger. When my trick eventually stops working, goodbye shitbook.

Facebook
Y''ALL SUCK QUIT CHANGING STUFF!!!!!
It just doesn't load half my news feed.  How about an update?
Keeps closing!
its very helpfull and works good
excellent
Like
Keeps crashing on galaxy tab 3. Please fix!
It's a Facebook app.  They need to quit messing with.  Constant changes are annoying.
If memory is a problem (which it is) for root users only!!! Get Move2SD Enabler. Works for me.
Right now it says i have ZERO friends , so i cant tag them in my status's or comments. I dont have a "stop notifications" button anymore. I cant see my messages without messenger which i REFUSE to get . This is rediculus. Just got the new update. & its PATHETIC.

Please help!! Won't let me see my messages until I get messenger app but I don't want messenger it recently happened a few days and I restarted my phone but still shows up help!!
It was truly disappointment this new update...yesterday i cant even log in and now I can log in but i cant even see who's online with my friends......if I can rate it 0.01 star I'll do it.
Best ever
Good
I have the nexus 5 and it won't even let me open the dang app!-.-
Facebook
Put photos of thing and title and then wait
I can save pictures and post statuses with ease!!!
Better now
It's gud
Awsome! I love it...
Automatically refreshes to new posts while im reading a post and makes it impossible to find the post i wasnt finished reading i cant stand it .... if i was ready to refresh i would push the new posts at the top...you cant even avoid it or turn it off ....it happens plenty of times daily also closes  for no reason so i just dont even try ...i give up...considering leaving fb for good i keep thinkin it will get better but its just adding more problems with every update ...
Keeping family and friends together a place to communicate unify learn teach and  alot more .
Thanks for your convenience and that you can get a chance to win the game
All these game request ting need to b fix not everyone have time for dat n it's very annoying wen u don't play or interested in game
Latest update, force closes no matter what I choose to do. :( getting worse. Closes as scroll through, or try to view comments or share posts. Not digging this latest update.
It let's you talk to your friends or family in a better way
Like it
This to me is poor service you are providing.
Since updating, Facebook is using an obscene amount of data! Which is ironic given videos won't play past the first 2 seconds on my X-Peria Z1! This is SO annoying! Please fix this.                                             Will be uninstalling soon if it's not fixed as it's chewing through ALL my data at an alarming rate!
I love fb
I just love it
The app doesn't work at all. Can't message people, cant make posts of any kind, (picture or status) can't go into my settings.
Graphics
How can i give a rating when this app refuses to update statuses or refuses to not crash! I cant do anything!!!!!
Storage!! ):
Keeps telling me I have notifications and then when I open it, it goes nope nothing here haha. Attention-seeking butthole.
Tok mo
swtcorn
When is VR coming to FB?
Keep it real
So good
Bc messenger is just more space on my phone n they can go treq yo phone on messenger like no
Force closes when reading timeline or if you search for a friend on your own list. Closer to moving to twitter and google plus
Fun times
Is very good software for android
Cj
My phone automatically updated Facebook this morning. My newsfeed hasnt loaded since then. Everything else is working..Any ideas?
Every time I'm on the app, it will randomly force close on me.
Latest update won't play all videos. Get sound, but no picture. Unhappy...
Facebook
Uh, is not good facebook, whats wrong, this app i can upen fb,
To much space and can't put on sd card
Great
Was working great, until the latest update which has made problems loading. App loads fine but feed does not. The only app on my fone that has problems loading & internet is fine. Please fix!!!
Not gud
Isabel is the best possible freelance programming and custom Rom
Great but freses my fone
why I cannot open my Facebook
It keeps closing out I have data and a strong connection
Even with strong Wi-Fi it lags a lot. Better off on a laptop or on phone browser.
Simple as the title.  Get it together facebook and stop spying. You're worse than the government or an overly attached girlfriend
Its good and faster
You guys really need to fix this. Its not cool everytime you update it it starts messing up and everytime you update it, it just geta worse
Too slow and why can't i have it in my sd card
Level 29 ???? Impossable
Facebook is the best social media on the internet :)
ghirmay
No Newsfeed settings on drop down menu so can't sort it. This must be the biggest bug bear of Fb anyway
Was good until facebook forces you to get messanger its stupid
1) huge app which can't be moved to sd card and maintain fun & useful features/functionality 2) Slow. Always. Hardly worth opening...and I can run Spotify! Increasingly, I'm convinced FB is really a massive meta-data collection prank to see how much of what kinds of abuse a user base will put up with to keep using a product...testing things like complaint stabilization after pointless updates, frequency/threshold numbers in users-lost and returned rates, etc. Would love to be proven wrong.

Way slower than it used to be. :-( downloading msgr takes up too nuch RAM on my phone. Tht even makes it run even slower than it already does.  Facebook is worse than ever.  :-(
It is not letting me download it
Irishdano
My facebook app keeps closing out randomly, when i go to repost or click on some ones profile to view it im getting very anger please fix soon as possible, i have a samsung galaxy tab3
video clips are not working
Photo share option in the comments is not available anymore. What an update.
I can install the app. It keeps saying error
After the update I m getting the following error "Sorry,an unknown error occurred while trying to play the video " while watching videos
Its the best app ever
I hate the FORCED messenger. I refuse to have to use it.  I will text.  Seems invasive. Nobody likes it.  I hope you all get it. I would drop Facebook if I had other social network options to persuade everyone I know to move to.
Keep it up!!
Excessive Ram usage. Please reduce it.
To
I made a post a couple days ago and tried to scroll back to it and couldnt. It only goes so far then gives the option to see 2014. When 2014 is selected it skips the post and shows me random post from throughout the year. Lame.
Star
Aku suka banget

Terrible
Crashes when i try to upload videos or photos i have a lg g2 and i edited the video with program called video editor that was installed on my phone when i got it came with many apps. Plus i open facebook it opens tge i upload then crashes go on it agian and it turns intio a gray screen
The app keeps lagging and freezing..
I don't like being told to download another app just for private messages when fb already takes so much storage. And I hate that this new message app violates your privacy... Not so private after all, is it???
I love being able to share  with family and friends on this ap, but sick and tired of having to give permission to Facebook and other apps to monitor my whereabouts, phone calls, and text messages. Why do you need to have access to them? I am also sick of worrying about hackers.   Too much personal information for you to have access to. Change the permissions so that I can decide what you can see or I'll never reinstall it to my phone! Others should stand up for our rights to choose.
Its kinda slow
9/11/14
Ol
Its one of the best apps
Its so cool
Facebook is unstable, crashes constantly.  I can't close FB on my own because it kicks me out every time!  Samsung Pad3 with newest OS installed. Edit add: You guys ruined my Facebook experience on my Samsung Pad3. Oh yea, messenger suks too... Thanks!
WTF it keeps closing out on me since u updated! Hate FB NOW
Great
It keeps closing the app when it reloads and when im scrolling :(
Good
U guys are bosses
App is no longer convenient now that messenger is separate. Plus, this app I notice it uses a lot of battery power. Even when I use a task killer to save power, it comes back on. App should stay off officially when we dont want it. Updating review to 2 stars cause this app is starting to take too much space.
This is a good app for seeing pictures and comments but you can also do that on instagtam but facebook is better because you can do private messages
Can you fixed this? Please fixed this problem? couz i can't open my acount.
Takes forever to load up and when it does it freezes up and says force close
I've missed you guys so much...I'm back..lol
It was slow once but it is awesome
Takes up way too much memory
Jitendra
This update keeps randomly closing down fb when I scroll through the news feed. I also had to delete a few other apps because this one takes too much space! FIX IT!
Upset about not being able to use the messenger.
fixed the lag by reinstalling this app
Keeps forcing close :(
Fantastic
Cool
GooD.
I like Facebook
Great!
But it takes long to upload pics
Very interesting to find out about old classmates
бё10/9/14 SAME OLD ERRORS only on FB all other apps fine!!!! бё8/9/14 Probs below still the same-no solving for me. A couple of interactions, then its back to the tablet home screen, so had device checked-fine. IS IT JUST ME..or are there others бё1/9/14 Another crap update, still logs me out, Un and Reinstalled does the same.FB users=Lifeblood of FB company but FB seem not to care, crap happens and we still use-as theres no alternative. Also a new prob(today only) status will post only when using FB via browser and not the app. Worst app on my device. бё21/8/14 CRAP APP logs me out 20 times a day, but no choice but to use it..бё5/8/14 FOR CRYING OUT LOUD FB PLEASE READ ALL THE BAD REVIEWS-CAN YOU HEAR ANY OF US?? NO POINT ASKING FOR COMMENTS IF YOU IGNORE THEM бё31/7/14 Always logs me out. Give it NO stars if i cud! бё23/7/14 What is wrong here? keeps moving me from my viewing to the f***ng feed page. PLEASE FIX !! бё25/6/14 Keeps saying FB stopped uninstalled again what a farce бё9/6/14 New Update, now when I click "photos' box, screen orientation changes from panoramic to portrait, have to choose photo from wrong angle. Un and Reinstalled no difference. Pain so 1бя only.
Facebook
I've tried this app many times and I personally don't like it. It's slow and generally crapp.
Ehh its koo
Tc cool as a contrary
I like the new FB .....Swwweeeett
Great
:pp
Great
Le falta musho
new vargen to bakwas hai kuch dhk k bnaia kro
All
I hate you in the nicest way possible. This app takes up way to much space, but I cant go a day without using facebook to talk to fanily or friends.
Keeps crashing having to unistall and install it and its still crashing
Cool but idk
App shuts down randomly
I can't have Facebook open for 30 seconds without it crashing on me! I wish this could grt fixed soon
Very good app for facebook
What the hell, taking ages to load up useless...
Why so many permissions required?
Love it
I keep downloading the fb app & alll it keep saying is "just a moment" ... & its just buffering .. I have strong signal & still won't load.. I had the fb app & then had to delete it because it would not let me log in, said to erase it & reload the app.. don't know what's going on.. Wish the problem would go away.. very annoying
Lets me stay in contact, but I have to download messenger seperately for private chatting and both seperately and together these take up far to much space.
Yes Olive that app
Koo
None of my push notifications are working for Facebook or messenger. Fix por favor.
Thanks for facbook

Easy to communicate people
I love facebook
When I log out... it takes forever to log back in.
So much space
The should be an easier way to go back to your comment or view your friends comment on a post that has over 1000 comments. It really urks me to scroll all the way back up past hundreds of comments  on certain post just to see what my friend said or what someone said abojt my comment.                                          Also it's slows down your phone and the app is always slow.
I can't daily spinning
Its nice
The list of permissions for this app as well as the messenger app is a complete invasion of privacy.
Charles Sudduth
Abdisamad and
I like it
App keeps shutting down and when i go to update a status it doesnt bring up my keyboard. Its not my phone as it doesnt do this on my twitter, whatsapp or instagram app
Great app B
I hate messenger
Good
Who make this application but why it is not running in my S3 ..?
Like the old version better
Better
I love it.  I never have a problem with this app
Excellent
Leam mora
it's won't allow me to refresh my timeline
Halema.mumde
Just njoy
Great
Not only its like 99% of Messager. This Fracken app takes up to 120 MB my phone only has 700 MB, you are the only app that's so expensive for space. I can't post emojis and it glitches with the comments too by going over the same comments over and over. Plus you people really need ALL that information? Really now you want to act retarded? I'm so done with you Facebook.
Awesome
fb
Link with lives
Why facebook need to much use memory.. Can you fix it or i will back the old version...
My facebook
I don't like the fact that I can't see any of my messages without downloading messanger!!
Facebook
lol
It good
It excellent...but y cant move it to memory card
Slow
Ok
Force close most of the time, overheat my phone, eat too much internal space, cause cpu lagging and slow down my phone. A year ago this app was better than it is now.
Won't let me re-download it.
face book
Lol but it would be more cool if u don't need WiFi to use it
hot
Not bad at all...
Good
I to be friends with my step brother on facebook
App
EXcellant
Well, the app is finally letting me log in, but why on earth does it go back to the top of my newsfeed everytime I finish looking at a picture? -_- Why do you guys keep fixing things that weren't broke to begin with?
I am tired of the privacy violations perpetrated by Facebook. You give us control over what other people can see...but no control over what you can see.  You're a corrupt company.  You run a social network.  Know your place...and your limits.
Love it!!!!
Thumb ups
Love Facebook I do not sleep talking family and friends
Not liking this pushing to down load messager I will delete Facebook soon if it continues!!!
Bob Esparza
Sucks and why does it use so much memory
I did this up date and now it says setting up Facebook. Then it just goes to a grey screen. Fix this crappy update
you guys suck, leave well enough alone. and quit cramming messenger down our throats....
I still like going on my iPod touch for Facebook please make more like the iPod Facebook app it just runs smother
I'm Loving It!
It is a good app tip use its simple and easy
I am one of those people that I'd addicted to their Facebook but I had a systems update for my Sony and know it has in uninstalled the same Facebook app and when I tru to download it again or says it's incompatible??? Can anything new done?? Don't/won't uninstall the systems update because my phone otherwise is running so much better
It's too good
It has its problems connecting most days to my phone.
Sankaituah jr
Not installing in my idea phone .unknown error -24
I love Facebook it is amazing the best way to communicate with your friends and amazing games!
facebook
I have a facebook, but I can't log into it... Every time I open my Facebook, it pops up with a "pop up window" that says that Facebook has unexpectedly stopped, So I have to force close the app. Please fix this... I only use the 3G Mobile Network...
Total shite
Nicee
Bug which caused transparent comments background fixed THANK YOU
it always shows that u r facebook is not working prop'ly. and it have many other oprating probl'ms as well
This is, by far, the worst version I've had. It crashes and force closes numerous times a day. I've tried uninstalling and reinstalling it and it still crashes about every 10 min of use. Very annoying!
Laggs mobile after using it
Thanks for your help
After this update I cant even watch the videos on FB.. WTF? Can you fix this?
Use
I enjoy having the ability to see and talk to old friends and family
arshid
I liked how it used to be when someone commented on a post after me, it showed a preview of their comment in my notification bar. Now it just says, "So and so commented on a photo."  "So and so commented on a post." Instead it used to say, " So and so commented on so and so's photo: nice hair!"
Nisaar mukuddem
Its good but messenger ! Ugh . plus takes to much space !!!
Facebook is really wonderful. .. at least we meet lost frnds dere
It won't let me connect to my homepage and says every time no signal
So beautifull app
Weldone work
Useless. The web version so much easier. I dont even know where to start because so much needs fixed. As for messenger what gives you the right to my phone like that. I think not. Zuckerman you can suck my swamp balls!
I love face book
I really love Facebook
Fix that recent story button u laggy dev
2014
Moves so slow!  &I have to search for my 'most recent' newsfeed everytime!!
Msaigwa
App closed everytime when i move down to see more newsfeed >:O
2"PRISON,BREAK"8
I love this app
Ive got this feeling on the summer days i was on facebook all night long
Yes fb...
Updates are horrible .. they change my settings each time .. I do not want you telling me what I want to view .. i KNOW WHAT I  like IS what  I I I I I I I WANT TO VIEW .  I don't care what you think should be viewed .  I don't care about the sponsors either .  It's all spam .  I don't care  what my friends comment on . That is their choice .  If I don't belong to that page I don't care .  And do not want to see it . But no matter what you block it comes back up .  Stop trying to fix what wasn't broken.
Keeps giving me an error load message even on WiFi.
Great
Very good app
Good
I love Facebook cause it keep mi connected to my friends and family
Good
I have to downloadvthe messanger app just to view and reply messages. I don't want to download another app to do what the first one  supposed to do. You guys need to fix that
While scrolling through, all videos posted cause my phone to freeze. This definitely needs to be fixed
When i try to delete stuff from my profile, it stops working and closes
Good app
Awesome !
Don't download

Cant move to sd card,, takes to much memory
Awesome
Very good
Crashes when trying to add photos.  Let's other people spam to my calendar now.  And why access to my texts?
Update stinks fb always stalls when i come to a video
Since the last couple of updates, the app has become glacially slow. Pix take forever (if at all) to load. The app has become virtually unusable as a result. Also, the app keeps "reminding" me to load Messenger. I've read all of the negative feedback about Messenger and DEFINITELY do NOT want such an intrusive resource hog that can't be removed without rooting the phone! UNACCEPTABLE!!! Please stop spamming me with reminders to install this crapware!
Facebook
Very nice
Great
why not responding facebook close ap
Nice application for fb user I have give 4 marks its very attractive customize but I can't give five marks because it always taking much time to open any pic rest its good u can use fb anywhere at any time.
My favorite
If its not broke - dont fix  it
I luv ths  app but plz let us move it to SD card.. plz try to help me.. mah storage space is becoming full due to such apps.. plz help me..
Good social media app, but with minor problems which haven't been fixed yet.
So nice
Brilliant
Can't play videos embedded in web pages, even YouTube now that facebook doesn't navigate away for web links. Plus I liked to hit a web page, and leave it open to come back later. Can't do that either.
Keep crashing on my note 2!
And forces to install messenger
Will not load on my phone
Facebook for phone
Thanks
Ok
Anytime I am scrolling through the news feed it randomly jumps way down the page. Also anytime I click like on anything it jumps down the page and when I find what I wanted to like it didn't like it. Since the new update I have had nothing but problems with this app!!!
Absolutely wonderful
The app keeps freezing. Have to constantly file or send reports. I also have a strong internet connection and can connect to fb via browser, but it won't let me sign into fb via your app because of my internet connection. Load of rubbish
I used not have this problem but as of today 9/10/14 anytime I go to someone else page or even my own I get kicked off I hate this I would give negative stars for this
Good
Cant play video post
it would be ok if it didn't  loading so slow it takes forever. for my news feed to refresh
There are still many bugs when uploading photos. Add features like copy paste and move app to sd card
Mrs Marsh 4 life
Tooo slow
Love it love it love it!
my frends all wase canacting in face book
Super
K SDA P/S.
T
When watch video or picture...so annoying.
Have no issues with fbb
Completely unusable. It stops responding roughly 99% of the time. I deleted the newest version and went back to the basic and it works fine, but that obviously means I'm losing multiple features
Good
Awesome ..can be bit faster
Thanks
Works when i want it to and has no bugs whatsoever.Fabulous.Only thing is that I cant change my birthday in my settings but not worthy of removing a star.Love It!!!
This version is perfect  !! It works cool  !! :P I'm fully satisfied with this app !! :D
Nothing works the way it should and is really confusing, the only good thing about your new stupid layout was a way to post a picture on comments, now even this is not working!!!!!!
Error when press like !!!!!!!! I can't press like any more! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Why bugs always here in andorid software please fixxx many users have this
Forced to install Facebook messenger? No, thanks.
Excellent
So so, join me on fb
We use fb on mble but after10 or 15 seconds its stop why.
Hate messenger and takes 2 long to download
Besta
Only thing is that sometimes it's slow
great
Since latest update the app randomly closes.   Can't do much of anything before it closes.   Please fix.   Galaxy tab3.
Facebook
It doesn't show photos in news feed and timeline just loading
Good apps beauty full
This app has a good idea but really too complicated and difficult to use. Call instead of poking.
Love it
Takes up so much space on my phone and THEN I have yo install messenger, which then leaves me with absolutely zero space left, lags my phone, and above all, constantly crashes. Not happy.
Its really awesome.  Really I appreciate this app...........
Ok
Its takes alot of memory in my phone
Fiance
Facebook app isn't working! It won't download on my phone. It says it's loading,but then it just stops. What's going on and please fix this immetelty.
Itt worst plzz give me the old version back...Зх
Good
Valet valenson
Aboustly shite!! Wont download at all!!!
Good job.keep it up :)
good
I cant use my other application and my fb always dsconnection
J s k Purshotamjaju JAYMATAKI
...
I Fkn hate it the disruption is the title Sry got it backwards
Ma
Please don't force us to download messenger I don't like it...it will make my tab hang.....Facebook enough for me I dont need more app...please please
3611
Cool aplik r.a.s
Its take much space in my phone it become too slow
Nice
Giod
Rinkuraj460
Very nice
My Facebook app won't work. I try signing in but a pop up comes out and says that I need to check my internet connection and try again even though I have an excellent connection! Please help or fix. I expect feedback
Very good
All lulls
Suck a dick
Wonderful top speed fast browser
Worst ever
Change is the best love it
Facebook
Very nice ap
I just don't like that it asks to have access to your sms, phone log, microphone,camera, and and other things on your phone. It shouldn't need to have access to those things on your phone for an app. Without giving permission you won't be able to download the app.
36
I'm so angry because why I can't download it my phone ram is 11GB and he write my ram is full
I cant log in
Y do u have to download messenger just to chat.
Its simple n cool app I've ever seen
Shsus
Fine
Like lifebook
I've tried to constantly download this app and it keeps saying that I have insufficient storage space but I know thats not true please help
Love it
But its using so much space...its using about 100mb storage and using a lot of battery!
No privacy. .. too bad!
I really wish that we could change most popular to latest or it will be 5stars till then 3 stars
Verygood
Hui
Love FB
You are amazing! !!
Yo Yo app
Hated it and so do many others that I know.  We'd rather use the browser to get on fb.
Only complaint is that whatever way links open up now, stops me from being able to see videos :( I can hear them but not see.
time wastage
Rekha
Already used
Machine design
Hate it easier you loose
Use it...to find us!
Bad
Takes up way to much storage :-(
G8 app
Fitri hidayad
Wow i like it
A good social app.
Download
No "more recent" option to view timeline anymore it sucks!!
So good TO use
Everytime i try to play a video on my Xperia Z, it's giving me a error. Please fix this problem!
Marvelous
:-D
It is not connecting to the internet on my phone. All of my other apps are working fine.
It says (#298)" you must be a developer of the application"  and can't see my messages.. why??
could not live without fb xxx
Really slow loading lately
It is easy to use for facebook users. Anyone can quickly go through one's facebook account using this app.
Mohdzaheer
Raisahmad
I LIKE FACEBOOK. . .
The app takes up almost 100MB in a few days without downloading any videos or images and it becomes difficult to download other apps. Please fix the storage issue.
Not bad
It was a bad move to make messenger necessary for fb app
It uses a lot of space on your device. Constantly updates.
I uninstalled, reinstalled, took my battery out, uninstalled other apps, even did a factory reset on my phone and the stupid app still takes for ever to load picture on the news feed. Please fix. It is apparently not my phone.
Dev team please work on it.
Super!
I have tried to log into FB all day and the app keeps giving me errors about internet connection and to try again later. I'm able to use all of my other apps but FB. This is really annoying, please fix this.
You can't live without it .
Used by teenager to be a filmy hero
Thanks for taking away that pesky convenience of being able to share a post directly to a friend's wall. This new system of impersonally tagging them, or even better, going through all the extra work of taking a screen shot, cropping it, saving it, going back on Facebook, searching up your friend and posting it directly to their wall, is SO MUCH EASIER!!! Keep the WIN coming while I go figure out your newest steaming pile of crap....
Always givening yesterdays  Update
restrictions and obligations ;((
chat online dose not refreshing automatically evry time i want to close the app and reopening to refresh please fiz it soon, can't search old messages from the Inbox if their is search bar like desktop Facebook browser we can get old messages very easy and quickly by useing search bar...
Good
I like it is nice
I like
Again
Officio officio unkind fought sashimi
Hii
Good
Awesome app
21 s problem if you forget your password its not that easy to get it back you guys are making it so difficult 100 million times I try to get the password on it
It's w good app but it consumed much space, it cant go to sd card.
Excellent application
Patelsarkar
Try this,  it is very impressive app.
So good
Love it
come on i have used it !  i just know.
Hate the invasion of privacy. I don't have home internet or I would delete this app.(working on that) TOTAL B.S.
Rabea
Sorry for that anas
Nawaz
Like it but data is quare
Nice.
Between removing messenger, the inability to change my news feed to most recent, and getting a notification EVERY SINGLE TIME someone clicks like, I'm getting closer to uninstalling this stupid app. There is no way to edit being notified about likes. It's like they want to control exactly what you do and see and when you do and see it. What they think is important to me is the complete opposite of what actually is important. SERIOUSLY!!!
Facebook keeps closing on its own.  Usually when i click on something
Good
4 stars because of big simze & space of facebook app..!!!
Gud
Twinkle
Nice
Its takes lots of internal memory even when I call some one than 2 time sounds ringing but call doesn't connect
excellente
Ur last version is not compatible with my phone ... really ... my phone is getting ancient 4 u or what? ..... and still  not compatible ... thanks for the efforts :-(
Help me out
In 2g net it will not open quickly. Very very slow in 2G. Need improvement
It never install anything
I Iove pak
Deanna Jack
I like it
It didn't let me play any video  what is wrong with it
Very good. :)
mpilo
A very good application to stay in touch with our friends and relatives. ..
Verify my account
Unlimited
Up to the mark
We can not live without it
I just updated my lg g3 and the app doesn't function [i am using ART]
Couldn't install to sd card
Always
error , gagal tampilkan news feed :-(
Pretty good
When ever I open the fb application its shows unfortunately process android.process acore stopped working try later kindly fix, help please.
Test
i like this srinivas achar
Macam haram
Update coming fast ,not so good.
The moment i scroll down a video, my phone hanged there. Please fix it.
I liked it
Different no one thing faster newspeed uploading
Newest update won't load anything, not showing notifications
So good
Osum
It helps me stay in touch with long lost,  or faraway friends, also brings my family and I a lot closer, and more involved with one another's lives.  Gives me freedom to speak random thoughts that cross my mind. Weather important or So Not, and I love to get the feedback from others on what they think about what I think. Or what I think about what they think about what I think!!!!
Problems getting icon on my lead page.
Stop using facebook to watch people's life, you are not God
I doubt that you actually see the comments on your app. We DO NOT want top stories as our default filter! It's annoying as you can see reposts from last week and seen things you liked a hundred times before. PLEASE, just let us decide what we want to see.  UPDATE: Why do you need access to my messages? This app has gone from bad to horrible. Too much of storage space taken up by a single app. -_-
Super app
Feed
Someone's was still using my phone number and no one would do anything about it.
Good
Since the last update, I get notifications and notifications and notifications... For things I don't care about and don't want to notified like a notifications to tell me I have notifications or to tell me: do you know this dude or this guy posted or this girl updated her status. Well great for them. Not for me! Bring back the old notification system!
Saves Time
Maza aa gaya
Super
J
Okay
When I unlike something it doesn't remove from my timeline or updates
swami
Great app
I have high speed Internet but its not loading pictures or videos.. was ok till the last update.. fix it dammit!
Can't watch video now, the same videos u automatically play with the last update. WTF Facebook.
Si nuce
Why don't videos play anymore? Plz can you fix this
This app is not good because this app is not works on all android
Easy love it
It will work sometimes but it slows down my phone and takes up alot of space
Gud
Nice
Hi
Ok
Also you just need to add new things to make it very interesting try different ideas
Nice update it becomes faster than ever
Very nice
wont let me download my videos to fb
No good.
Great
Fb is not find
Eats too much battery,  too much data... Still features are not that much good!!
Xtremely gud!
0pp a A
Facebook no longer allows me to use facebook Messenger without having to download a second app!
Can't share sucks
When Im on facbook the app kicks me out after avery 2 minutes!!! Please fix this!!!
Samsung galaxy s2
Nc
Cannot play complete video
Love
My first and best app

I love it this appas
Good app
2
I cAnt download it say that facebook cant give this app to you
Not usefullll......it is very boring experience....
I don't know why but this app never downloads for me, no matter how hard I try
I like
It's says incompatible update please help
Very nice
Sweet girl
Like it but takes up to much space/memory
5 Stars if without messenger.
Nice....app
Simoni
Slick like clean hair..
I love it
It good
I love it but like I don't like the new messenger business and like why can't I download the videos on my news feed,I could always download before but now it doesn't give me that option anymore. NB: you're forcing us now to download the messenger?  It's a big no for me that's not right
Excellent
gud
Wowwwwwww superb
Facebook is good but it needs to let people do what they want without getting they page disabled like mine
It's work
Cool
Very good for finding people
Wtf? I msged someone else through messenger and the msg went to someone else whyyyy? I can't even undo itt urghh
I kept my mouth shut for the delayed notifications but won't for forcing us to use FB messenger 1 star Is what u get!
Its really easy too use but it takes up so much space om my phone storage and i dont like that i have to download messenger to make chating easier.
Social network
Keeps force closin
Seriously the worst app yet. It constantly shuts down when I'm using it all.the.time. I un-installed it and a week later installed it again, same issues. So it will be permanetly un-installed. Soo frustrating!!!!
new men on the block"
Nice app
Crashes all the time after the last Samsung update....
Not very happy
I am going to download instagram Facebook suck
Ok
Yutube
Thanks
Love dis app
I hate that it won't let you put the entire picture up when you change your pro pic. .... it's useless Loads to slowly and you guys are stupid idiots for making us download the messenger app for something that was already on there
I like it...
XhftgijvvasghcvggggggggggggaaaaaaaaaaaajjjjjjjJjjjjjjjjjjaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhh
Internal memory bhar deta h
not enough spacee.....it takes lot of storage.....
Awesome!!
Awesum
When new stories or new news feed come up it freezes.  Give me the old version for my phone back . This fucken sucks. Please fix this problem fast.
Sargodha
Great app
juliet
nice
so cool
Happyly
Rislin
I wan," t to install my f.b. when i try to fix they can't why' & what  happen?
Perfect
Very nice social networking
Please allow moving to sd card plus allow sending videos by chat
Waste off time in downloading because it load two much after giving password
Developers.  Youtube videos not playing now. Screwed it up again. UPDATE  Now can't edit anything even on my profile.
Good
What a fun
Seperate Messenger app wtf why

The app keeps randomly freezing and when I exit it and head into another app it'll randomly pop its frozen butt back up again. I've tried to kill task but nothing works.
Great
Its more good then opening your account on any browser
What happen to when u can see friends videos in there profile.
It is a very easy way to talk to my friend with out wasting my credit on my phone
God
Hazlan lan
Goes faster than Google
I like this
Facebook
Mi phone cnt connect
I like fb
Awesome
Hy
Its good. But its stoped downloading after 93% again and again. Again and again. Pls fix it. Now... plz.
Ok
I have fully introduce myself with my father's name & surname ; Although I get trouble to loging.I am government gazetted officer.
Good
Wonderful loved every moment
My device slows down completely on using this version of facebook. When I force stop facebook, evrythng runs smooth as butter.
.
I am like this application
Love it
Thnx on the update :-)
Amazing..
Good2
It connected me with my friends
I have stopped using Facebook as much as I used to, simply because this app sucks. It takes forever for the pictures in my feed to show, if they show at all, so what's the point? Same with comments. Usually, I just use Facebook through the regular website instead of the app now because it's so ridiculous. And I'm mad that it forced me to download messenger if I wanted to see my messages on my phone.
It takes.a lot of.good memory that I want to.see.hope I can move.it.on sd.card
Takes up too much storage space on a cell phone. When update just to a more updated version NOT the NEWEST VERISON. Dont have enough storage space to even update any apps in factory settings. Definitely can't download new apps or games because of low storage space! Im done with it all! Not useing Facebook anymore until I can move to my SD card to save on my internal storage space perioud. WITCH WILL PROBABLY BE"NEVER"!! 100% WILL NOT BUYIN a new  just to FIX this ISSUE!
This app is good BT its very loaded in 3 g net also
Very good
Good
bad
Nice
Easy for update and good for talk to friends,  I like so much
Why it need to install massenger app? I dont want 2 programs, one is better.  Thanks
Notifications
Won't always allow me to post or message. Tells me check network error try again.  But my network is fine can use it on everything eles on my comp. or phone.
Superb
Thank you facebook for fixing this
Sahnawaj
What a great app.whole the world using this app
Shah
Ashok sharma
It's very fast on my phone. Real good!
Suplendid app as having great fun for everyone.
take to much storage...i hate this
I hope you don't mining my private data because I thought it freezes my phone every time I open the app.
nice experience
There was a time when I used to say Facebook for Android is the Worst Android App.  But not now. Facebook has improved it a lot and now it's certainly one of the best apps out there.
Best.......

Why i cnt download??
Thanks for this Facebook download to my mobile  screan.thanks team.
Love it
My love is very sweet nes h so qut my lover
Do something so us kids can use the app at school
Can't save photos in clear...... i didnt get clear photo......
Sreeraj
This app sucks on my galaxy tab 3 keeps kicking me off
The app always crashes and the stupid news feeds take forever to load that drains my battery very quickly please fix this as soon as possible then I will give it a higher rating
Awesome
My
Para ser sincero prefiero el sistema BlackBerry. No se porque en Android todas las aplicaxiones son excesivamente pesadas.
I like you
nice
Very good
Candycruch
Video player was fixed. Some more developments to add -downloading videos -share posts via messages etc but overall worth 4 stars

Since an update the app closes off suddenly when i try 2 view my profile or anyone else's and sometimes while im in the news feed, this is very annoying, i uninstalled the app and reinstalled it and have the same problem.
Very good
I love facebook
I Want finding pic to post use phone's gallery
Why the font is too small i canot read  please make settings to increase or decrease the font
THIS DAMM APP TAKES UP A HELL OF A LOT INTERNAL SPACE AND TWO SEPARATE APP FOR FB. IS RIDICULOUS Y'ALL HAVE REALLY LOST!!! Y'ALL LITTLE MINE GET Y'ALL LAZY ACT TOGETHER AND ALL THIS HACKING GOING ON IS NOT ACCEPTABLE AND LET US PEOPLE HAVE DELETED OPTIONS. DO YOU PEOPLE WONNA BE A JOKE ALL YO LIVES 
at first, facebook is so entertaining but after years, its getting boring. no new features. thats why too many accounts has been deactivated including mine but ill be back.
It's fine, but has a toll on battery even without notifications
Keeps getting stuck at loading. Always have to restart.
Facebook is logging me out of my account and when I sign in it tells me I am not a confirmed user. After 20+ times trying to log in, it finally does but it won't connect to Facebook I just get an error sign.
U should download this faster plz
I uninstalled because I cannot.  message without instant messenger app. Why do we need a separate app for this??????    Oh... and why do you want ro access my camera or microphone without my consent??? Hello?!?!?!
Nice
Phone
Good
It won't load anything. Use to be good but at this rate it's going to stay crap.
Takes up alot of memory space wish I could move it to my SD card instead
Kuzhapam illa
Hu jgan
Sometimes it hangs my mobile
Debaa Dasana
Reception not good
Even when I'm in town with full signal, Facebook won't load. It constantly says "Error Loading News Feed." Why??? Fix it, seriously.
It's a cool app...
It is awesome application to meet many friends
Like it on my pc same in my mobile
Sira app va yar
Very good app I love it
Can't delete anything on the app! Have to get on internet
Why in the God's sake would you need permission to my identity, to absolutely ALL the data on my phone??? Not even the police asks all that amount of info. I am asking to choose the permissions I am allowing. Otherwise, I will delete the app from the phone. It is very easy and healthy to use it only on my PC!! Thanks in advance for a proper answer!
Shreejana shrestha
Great work done done by facebook. Now i can Chat wid mah frndz so this update of facebook is fantastic.. .. so   thanks developer
easy  using
Hi
Don't care about the messenger app.
The best
Males
Easy and simple
A world put together .....
Awsom application
nice
Just loved
Very easy
I love it
Well i finally gave up beta testing for fb cuz it's getting worse and worse for me nothing exciting bout being a tester if it's just getting to a annoying point.specially linking fb massages with fb messenger it's not the privacy policy I'm worried bout just how much it hogs my ram and resources.. fb  uses what bout 100+mb of ram and you want to add fb messenger aswell which use another 30-50mb of ram.. In order to check messages we have to give up the smoothness and performance of our device?
Ka
The evergreen
Nice app I like it..
Since the upgrade can hear but not see videos.....
Face book faces.
I like it
The app keeps crashing on my tablet no matter how many times i unistall and reinstall.
Great
6 year on facebook
Francine
Could not open in mobile it shows your network connection error please solve problem
Very use full
Why can't I open and upload videos? Also why do I keep getting kicked our of the App? Is there a virus?
It is 2014 and you don't enable to reply to specific comments. Just that.
Nice
Facebook is a easy way to touch with friends
I like
Nice... time spent
This morning. It just pops out of an article after two or three seconds. So right now it is fairly useless. Before it was constantly going unresponsive if I clicked on a post, but I was often at least able to read at some point. Am looking for another application. Samsung Galaxy S II. Also annoying I can't put caption on each photo when uploading.
I like  it
I love the dancing keep up the good work
Verrrrry laggy on my walkman F800...used to be good. Plz fix it!
If its not broke - dont fix  it
Very good
Not good
Fb has become nearly useless on Galaxy Note 3
Redlyn ancheta
Nice to view
Kawsar
Good app
Good
Keeps crashing after about 10 secs. Deleted app and redownloaded still doesnt work. Hasnt worked since the new update.
Ilove facebook
Whenever I play a video the video always stops like 3-5 seconds before it actually supposed to stop. Please fix this issue.
Ok
Won't refresh
You need to add a way to delete notes!
Fantastic
Always sign me out many time after update. Fix it plz
Ok maaaa....
Good
Good app love fb <3 <3
App is slow and eats memory and makes me want to delete my facebook having to download the messenger app that eats even more Memory stupid
Fast ways to get on facebook, it just takes up too much memory!!
Black image ..
Its really cool enjoy it alot
Good
Thanks
Violates privacy
Good
Thanks for this new apps
Everytime i press post after typing something, the entire app closes on my Galaxy Tab 3. Please Fix
Jayanthyadav
Crashing again and again after last update. Samsung galaxy s3. Please fix this. It was used to be an amazing app. But not now. Will definitely rate it 5 star once the issue got fixed.
Nagesh likith
Very slow
Nice app I love this app
1-Need 3G connection 2 Use it.....  2-Not moved to SD card  3-  consume Internal Memory   4- after update Very slow Work
Fasilkorome
Manisan
Have you seen what it can access and do???!!!!
I like it
Nice
Comentarios just bad
When i go watch a video it loads and.loads and nothing. So i hit back to go back to facebook and it freezes and says facebook not responding would you like to wait or report or just press ok. Not acceptable
Y 2 apps for one site
Clicking the "write on wall" option in Events/Birthdays doesn't post on their profile wall. Other than that the app functions well!
This Facebook app is stupid
Nice
The app is constantly kicking me out. I have to post status ' or comments several times before successful. I cannot even get to my friends pages because the app kicks me out every time I click on a friend.
It keeps not responding recently. Please look forward to this issue and do something about it
Papoca
Love it. It's awesome that the video plays on its own.
It's a useless app
Anwetdeen
This apps sucks it won't play video's and keeps freezing up
Thee best
Wsn
Fantastic
:*-*
Maybe its my fone but I'm about over it. Not responding. ...
App on my Samsung Galaxy tab keeps crashing when i want to view a story or another profile.
Good
Takes up to much storage! And Why must I install messenger just to chat??!! I don't want EVERYONE knowing my phone number!
Awsome..
Nice
Tot
Good
Ilove this application
It just hogs too much memory! It is getting impossible to use my phone now. Other apps on my phone are starving. I don't understand why a 22MB app would get expanded to 100+ MBs of internal memory on its first run; even before login. Moving to browser based facebook now. Sadly, some of the apps I have installed require this FB app for their functioning.
not bad
Biggest pet peeve with Facebook is, hands down, the default to "Top Stories". There should be a way to set up your account to default to "Most Recent". I do not care about what Facebook considers top stories either. I also do not care that so-and-so liked a post, or commented on a post from three years ago. Stop filling up my news feed with trash!  This app also takes up too much space on my internal storage because it doesn't allow me to move it to my SD card. Why not?
gud but large in volume
Very nice app.
Keeping w/ up all myFB friends..faster than better...see what happy are too.....: )
The new update sucks!
fin
It's a great aap.
Since I updated Facebook it has froze up or just shuts off. This is getting annoying. Please fix and I may rerate you!
good
Constantly crashing! Takes up loads of memory. What is up with this app???
Having a hard time loading time line
Algun pinche problema
My favorite of all my apps.
Facebook is selling your info that it gains from anything you do on your phone post say etc.. don't believe look in app manager and see all the permission the app has without your approval.. with over a billion ppl why not.. people are so blind to things it's what wrong with the world
Animesh karmakar
good
K
Yo bro
Love this app
After update, uploading photos big trouble... Worsted job
It takes a lot memory space. Wth. Make it smaller. It keeps on updating in memory space. :( :)
Nice
I like fb but this fb stops
Latest update makes some videos unviewable...once again good job in making it crappy....by the way, nobody wants the messenger app
Good h yaar
I love the app, but the problem is since it has been updated, it uses too much CPU and data and my phone drains very fast plus it gets hot! Please fix this
This app are amezing
Truely astonished by the facebook
I had to uninstall and reinstall fb after the update because it would't work! Then I had to go and reset all of my settings bc it had changed them all! And to top it off I'm stuck with what fb "THINKS" I want to see, with no option of seeing most recent posts!!! Can't wait for a better social media, I'm honestly considering going back to MySpace! Now I can't tag people! This app sucks and I'm deleting it for good!
Aslamwkum... It's good for the community
:P
I hate u FB.
Nice
I have to enter my login password after every boot on my android also i want to ask you when ubersync can use your account and android api to sync, can you not create an update to do so
Best
I can't update or see my news feed on my phone! And I hate that I have to reinstall the app just to get on Facebook
Very cool
Bapi
Good
It takes a lot of memory
Good....
Fixed bug :)
True good
fb is turning another advertising , profit making agency ...
Nice
My love
Nice
Good
Nice
Not OK. You need to download messenger just to send message.
Sucks big time
Mug bueno
Now I can see my email address directly
Never updates the news feed it always posts form day ago
Good
Amazing
Always happy
It'd be nice if the app would stop randomly freezing while I'm logged in leaving me with no option but to restart my phone, also if I could see the "other" folder for my messages that'd be cool, and why are we now forced to install the stupid messenger app to send and see messages?? And why does my screen freeze up every time I block someone??
Yahh I Love It so much that's why i'm a facebook addict a little bit. <3
Ever since I updated, my Facebook will not even load. I haven't updated since Sunday!!
Shifting from 5 stars to 2 as,  It makes my phone laggy why it takes 70mb ram even when not running as it should be less like for what's app messenger, (about 20 -30mb)
Rihan malik
kamleshwar
Great  app if it would  update  regular rather than days befores
Mazze daar
Couldn't install the new facebook and the old one stopped working and u uninstalled.  All this sucks.
Good
Great for me to share all of imformation to people around the world
Its a great app
Messenger should not be installed just to read messages...
Excellent
Astig mabilis at my new sana para sa fb
Great work
Nice app and very fast than older one. I can easily chat with my friends quickly.
Good
Error 190 wdf is dat
I have accidentally uninstall d app on my phone n wen i installed it back d features r not d same as in it was d desktop feature...im really not satusfied at all...all d time wen i open it always loading loadin n loading...pls fix it !!!
Music
It takes hour to upload this to my phone :(
Falie hashim
sajjad Mughal
Stop downgrading this app!  I hate the new update. I've had problem after problem and now the location setting isn't working.  Please change it back to the way it was!  Please listen to us and fix this or I'm deleting this app. I'm much happier with the web version!
Enaku romba pidikkum fb.
Please update a new style of facebook or a something new in the facebook..
Home screen should be recent stories, not top stories.
thia is amazing now.i dont have to go on the computet instead on the
Grait
Not a big fb fan so I'm happy with it on my x10.
Good
Nice
Dua mein yaad rakhna
It`s very baaaaad
Me
Thanxx to markjaker  burgh
Good
It's goooooooooooooood
Its grt
Pokemon
Good!
I used to love using this on my phone but it keeps crashing!!!!
I can't see the videos that my friends upload on Facebook. Plz fix it
Just love it....

Not at all working though i have a good wifi connection plz fix dis asap ...
Sometimes stop working
Good
Nice app
Good
not installing
Adik ako dto..
Satish
App for Android devices
Aryan
I had this aap
Loveli
Performancje
Too bad it's always force close everytime I open my fans page. Already clear data but the problem still exists..
Great
mnk
fine
I LOVED IT!!!
Error code -24 when installing? ??
It force closes all the time
Great
Nice
!gai a
Good
Good
takes  alot of spaccccceeee ... also with the message
Hi mi Phillip Steven Phelps
Every time I share a post Facebook shuts down and then i have to start back at the beginning of my news feed.  It's making me want to just delete it from my tablet
Since the latest updates, my Facebook App keeps on crashing/closing. What's happened to this app? It wasn't like this before.. I hope you fix this issue. I will change my rating when a fix has already been made.
Munalizaarhose
This is tremendous app
I fill better when i am alone
Because is not respanding
Shareing frds 2 frds
It keeps me connected!
Greatest
aliiii
I love it but please, i want to move facebook to sd card, too much take storages
facebook
Awesome
Question: Why is this Android Facebook unable to share a post from a Facebook  page to anyone in private message? It's annoying switching back to PC to share a post  to a friend in private.
Mai ta bai vehla a
It is good but it takes too much space
Your the wast
To know better
Very useful and entertaining app
Since last update I have a hard time seeing my notifications. I click on the notification tab when it has a number on it, but all it will show me is the last notification I saw, nor the new ones
I CONSTANTLY have the 'error loading news feed' message. No matter what my internet connection is.
Must download
ap
When i try to update it always need more space for memory and i have to uninstall other app just to update facebook. Please fix this. And also the loading of news feed, must be fix already.
Nice
Time
5 star if can move to sdcard
I Am What I Am
I can download everything else but Facebook. Really????
(y)
No working in samsung galaxy s5
After the new update, Once I use FB my Sony Xperia S LT26i gets slow down....fix the bug else remove such pathetic app.
Gud
Not at all happy with this app anymore. Do not like how when I click on a link instead of just opening the link through the internet it tries to open it through the app and surprise surprise it doesn't work. Now we need messenger to private message that is just disgusting. Really not impressed. Shouldn't have messed with something that wasn't broken.
Cant log in rubbish
Lets very interest!!!!
Uninstalled due to the fact we have to download messenger.
Violates rights
C
WONDERFUL
It force close a lot but sometimes notification come late other then that Facebook exactly good
Fast
Poor 4 Samsung s duos2
Facbok
Usefull app, very good..
ABC1234567
Everything is good. But there should be option of dislike to someone's post.
Suck..very slow..
╖┤Ск▀tтg╡л║├┐┤
App sucks sometimes, fix some bugging problems for new version
Why I can't accept my friends?
Many like this page :)
the new version is so much excellent.
I don't know if I'm the only one but Facebook isn't acting right.. Its constantly freezing up I've reinstalled several times
Facebook
Super its was full and full use.....
Very loadinggg.....
New in-app browser seemed promising. I love the idea but videos don't work on it (only audio). Please fix this
Previous update,i cant sign in, now i cant uplaod photos and then im having a hard time in laoding new posts on my feeds.  Arrrggghhh!!
I love fast browser
Not Only for my watchsop look.
Since the last update videos and pictures are not showing even after re installation the same problem + you are forcing me to use Facebook massenger which I really hate
F
seriously fb? D: fix this please.
photos are not loading in new updated version of facebook
Using facebook was really easy for me at first and then it took up so much space thru my internal memory and not thru my sd card which, my phone lags every single time I opened Facebook. And now, it forces me to download the messenger in order for me to talk with people. And it doesnt give me choice to exit or 'not now'. I'd rate it one star for now.
All seems to be working great on HTC
It is very nice.....
1980 1007
Can't tag facebook users and it's getting difficult to comment or update anything.
So I had ti unstall it so now k have the old version again. How can I update it again
Love it
Love facebook it helps, and its fun.
Sello Maphike Moletsane
I love fb
Luv it!!!
Garbage plz fix it
Rocks
While i like the new set out, i HATE that i have to use a seperate app for my messages. It's a message i have recieved on facebook, so why can't i look at it on facebook?!?!?! Also, fix the news feed. I am sick and tired of this whole default to top stories and not being able to change it. All i want to see is my friends posts and such. Not six hundred suggested pages, and adds. Fix it, because it is becoming less of a way to keep in contact with people and more of an advertising nusiance.
I can't get the pages I've liked to show up in my news feed.plus it keeps forcing close every day! .thinking about deleting it all together!!!
Its slow, it keeps forcing close, and I hate having the messanger app!! probably will end up deleting it.
Nice look
Ever since the new update whenever I click on a link to watch a video it doesn't play. I have to Google the video for it to play.

Freezes all the time from the update. this app is garbage
Well lets see.hmmm..its takes up a gargantous amount of my .93 GB of internal space and cannot transfer it to my 32G sd card..the new update will not even open on my ZTE Majesty...Even if I wanted to download the Facebook Messenger (which I dont approve of the forceful marketing campaign), I dont have the room..I admire the attempt of innovation and the consistent strive for greatness...but in the south we sometimes say "Ain't no need fixin somethin that ain't broken". great job on Facebook as a whole tho.
It is nice apps
Works again,  but every now and then it'll stop loading pics in my news feed until I switch the wifi off on my phone and go back to mobile internet.
Love
Everytime i try to install facebook .. Error ..
Keeps freezing!!
Good
Facebook
Good
Love it
I'm sorry
Facebook
Super
(96) *690*
To slow with updates on
Slow
Haha
I like this
3 star because it keeps my message black
Finally got the app to open this morning after recent update. Now, I can no longer view my "Most Recent" feed. Not even an option for it. Also, when I try to edit favorites, it says no network connection. Stop Updating! If it's not broken, don't fix it.
Saya suka
Beautiful network
Loved it but it is very slow
Hello
;)
Fine
They keep telling me  log in approval needed but i ve not received any code ..it sucks
Its helps me to chat n a esy way ....nd i lk to chat n tis app
Home
It is good for me. I love it so much ;-)
Mahor
good
MOG LOY
<3
Fb
Nice Social Media
I need latest version. Tamil word's are not clear.
Super
I mean come on i feel like an alien that's been lost on earth. Idk where everything is. How do I search? And why does stuff from 2 weeks ago appear in between stuff from 2 seconds ago in recent posts category? Wtf facebook?
I opened massage they not opened bcoz  they want massenger opened
Why is messenger required? Also I feel like it's unnecessarily giant, and I cant move it to the sd card. Would uninstall if it wasnt so persistent.
Good job..
Useful
Not ok now
It is a good app I will give it 4 stars
The newest version is soooo laggy
Its working well on my phone,loading fast..keep it up..
Good
Rana Adnan
Hate the new built in browser.Considerably slower and with video problems...Please fix it!
Nice
Facebook is cool and awsome
Connect people around the world
Facebook
Please download my fb
But having a lot of problem
Facebook is thing
it cost a lot of space, please do some changes. I want to move it to the sd card -_-
Apparently 'incompatable update' load of crap
Love it
Very good apps
So nice sites
This app is nice because it always notify the activity of friends in fb.
Have been trying to put on phone for two days stops at 93%
Amaka Joel
It is cool and amazing;you can chat your friend and also you can call your friend or family; you can post your pictures and anything
Can't load app keep getting error 24 please fix note 3
I cant login
@,@
Hallo
Bagus
New update with the built in browser has lots of compatibility problems: videos don't work (no visual on videos); following links are often buggy (often don't work first time); and overall poor with any media besides text.
Always crashes.
I feel disappointed
Giving this app (or any app) permission to use or manipulate things on your phone or tablet is just RIDICULOUS! This app needs way too many permissions and i can't believe that people are OK with this! People (especially Americans) are truly SHEEP! Think about this: If a stranger approached you on the street and asked you for the contacts and pictures in your phone, all of you SHEEP would say "HELL NO" or "GET LOST" or "GET LOST"! So why would any of you give permission to an APP to do the exact SAME thing?
Please fix the problem in this apps...thank you ... Also I dont like to install tha messenger..i force to download
My favorite app!
Ok
Contemplating
Tdigyytziv
Awsome
Ih
Facebook
The App has completely stopped working my phone.... It says "Connect to internet" im having to go thur my "Browser" just to connect... Very time consuming & that has caused my Candy Crush to say "No Longer Connected To Your Facebook" Fix it and I'll give a better rating! Butbthis SUCKS!!!!!
i love it so much,,,,
j
Awesome
But mark zukerberg I will destroy you
I like these
Is very good
Am really enjoying this App i hope for more great things
Thanks to fb
Samsung galaxy S3 mini  My Facebook running is to much slow I don't know what happened would anyone can give me some solutions
Love t
Please fix, keeps kicking me out& freezes since last update!
like it
Very good I like facebook and facebook messenger
U  XT9
Iloveit
I really enjoy Facebook it let stay in contact with family and friends near and far!!!
I love it!
Nice if you have lots of friends
Gooodddd
Vrh
Sexoooooo app but one problem is that it takes extra space
I have never had an issue with Facebook on my phone but these past couple days it had constantly been freezing up and I'm having to force stop and close it and restart it again! I am not happy!
Cant move it on my sd card. >.<
i close it and oprn agian i cant send code .
L
I love it
its not gd
Make friends
I have a Samsung tab 3 10.1 in and fasebook keeps closing when i click on something or just randomly.  Please fix.
Facebook
Unable to save the photos to device
Cant Top It .!!
This isn't a good app at all... It sucks
My face
It takes up to much space...but other that, its a grt8 app
Best
K
Says i have to updated it again an it takes enough memory already an im concerned about is the new update says it needs permission for my sms an voice recorder.. An i read what it means that it can read and send messges from.my phone this needs to be fix or i will just delete the app
So fast!!!
Nice
What happen? It keeps on exiting automatically after I click to open. And then keep on rejecting my log in..
Facebook made easier with this app
Good
its awesome
It is one of the most important thing to messaging your friends to all the world.
Good
There is no reason a person to have to use messenger by downloading it.  It should be apart of the Facebook app.  I hate that I can't send private messages.  They are always changing Facebook and never for the good.
Nice to see all my families and friend i love facebook.
It's frustrating to open this app, see a post I wqnt to read just to have it disappear on me, and then not be able to find it.
Nice
Best
5

Facebook closes down on me all the time. While scrolling, sharing etcetera.  Please fix this.
Just fine with it
Good
Love it
Sangat bagus
Nice app
Nce
So cool
Everything about facebook is junk now. Change it back. Yall just keep making it worse. 4.0 is horrible !!!!
Can track you and record every thing your doing.
Exilant
Its very bad
So amazing!
Stop forcing me to download messenger and ill rate you higher
Suckk fb can't log in!  However my password used right.
Can communicate
More feature .more stylee .i like very much it .   But notifications are some times slow
Taking advantage of everyone and making them download the messenger app.
New update has made my phone seriously lag. Uses way to much CPU. had to uninstall
Nice
Not getting connected.
Don't like it at all!! Why do I have to install messenger?? & saved to internal storage?? Are you kidding me?? You need to fix this or else!!
Jo
Thanks
Why should I have two apps for fb when one sufficed before? I shouldn't so uninstalling. Too much space and permissions wanted.
Jay maharastra
I don't want to download your messenger so why you are always remind me whenever i open my inbox and when i send freind request it says the action is been abusive and then say log in again and my account is automatically log out fix this otherwise i will uninstall this.
Very good app
Keeps shutting closing on me the moment i open the app

It makes life easier
Very nice
good
best app to stay connected in fb
Raymond McQuiston
Is there any chance of you making this app so that it can be stored to SD card ? That way I can buy a 32 gig card just for FB app !
Awesome
Like it..
Gg messenger
LOve It
G v k
I can never get fb to stay connected to my wifi network. This thing has bits that showup allover my phone & it will vanish from my phone without warning or a reason.
Wow
Gud
I hate that I have no other choice but to install messenger to send a message to friends. The amount of space taken by both apps and the memory required slows down processing time. I'd rather open up the webpage than use the app on my phone.
Hardest time to get into my account fustrating!!!!
FACEBOOK gives me a great freedom in life. I'm not ashamed to post anything i want to post. I can enjoyed chatting with unable to reach friends of mine. Also by looking friends account you may knew what they really are, not all. But for me just clicking Like for someone post means a lot cause it's reminds them that i'm with them sharing love & spending time to read and comment their posted message means they are important to me. A million thanks to q fb.
Ringtone
Di12345
I enjoy using it
It's ok.
Working ok on my s4
A real pain and problem  to open my own page
I Like This App .
Ok
Every time i try to use the app I get an error message. Maybe if it ever works i will give a higher rate
Vagsingh Rathore
4 star!!!!! :-)
None of my games will connect to facebook.
Title
It's great !!
Love it
Having loading issues with my news feed
Intentиж 10 veces, instale y desinstalиж 5 veces esto y no puedo.... Quиж hago?
Can't log on any more

Since i updated the app i can no longer sign in i can however sign in using my browser so it must be a problem with facebook app please sort
.. Like it
Its aight.
how can I moov it from phone to  sd card  it takes a 75% memory of my phone plese do somthing
Better
I don't want to be forced to install messenger
Realy good :)
Facebook
Awesome
I cannot even log in..wth..fix please
Did an update and now it wont let me log on at all. Please fix the update!!!!
Ok why the heck am I getting this. Message saying check my enternet connection? I have that! Why is it not working? It was working a few hours and now it is not...I am getting pretty ticked
Sucks even more since last update. Says I'm not connected to internet. I'm on wifi and everything else works fine except your app.the Mobil site works
I enjoy using it
Likeo
Not working
No nice
Android Google
the FB recent update totally froze my news feed and i can not see anything new from 12hrs ago.. i get error 22 messages that fb is not responding. please fix these bugs.
tidak dapat buka ni macam bermasalah
icant log in  to facebook now..it eats all my storage.....fix this!!!
Could be better, it's always freezing, and that gets annoying!
Can't login today. Saying some SSL error. Please help !
I like it but sometime it give me unhappy
It keeps telling me I do not have a network connection but all my other apps work just fine. Can not even use with wifi. The last update did this it sux fix it!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Won't transfer to SD card.  You'll get 5 stars when I can put it on SD.
I hate the app
Takes up way too much space
i like it

My facebook app was working now I can not get it to anything. It keeps twlling me my internet connection is wrong
JAIBIR JANGRA
this update need more space than ever... n also it disconnect my wifi....
Very nice
I am a beautiful person. I have a good idea to have a lot of people who are not the intended recipient, you can get a chance to win the game.
So Facebook has decided we can't watch videos on mobiles anymore? Get the sound, but the video freezes after a couple of seconds. And 200mb for a Facebook app... Seriously?!?!?
Good
It's bad and needs a lot of work
i cant download it its too slow. :(
Error loading newsfeed..cant save photos to my phone or share to page..unusable at this point.
It could be much better
Gud
Cnt log in..fix it..hmmm
Wont download  something about not the right device
THANKS FOR DOING YOUR BEST
amazing
Keeps telling me ssl handshake... Error it was just working now it's not
Takes up too much space and doesn't load the newsfeed well.
Ko
Can't log in it just won't le me.......
Nice
I cannot log in since I updated facebook app. It's always on low memory. Please fix this. Thank you!
Can't even logg on the new app as is says SSL errors involving sending, ip address and all that but as for on browser and everything else I'm fine.
Team we are unable to download videos from Facebook app. So kindly do the needful asap. So we able to share more videos.. lets rock...
Earlier today i was trying to log out finally i did and now i cant log in. It says check network well im on wifi dont need to check network. Plz fix then i will rate higher.
Super
It says error loading news feed, and no internet connection. I'm connected to wifi and I have a strong signal, it still won't update. I will definitely be uninstalling this & messenger if this isn't fixed soon.
Cn get better
Updated the application, now says check connection and I've got internet in 3G!?! Wth!? Now I can't use the app!!! This sucks!!! Fix it!!!
Freezes up an doesn't give me the new messages
I can't seem to log in with this app... I'm fine thru browser but not this app.  Pls fix.  Also why does app need permission to take photos or make calls w/o notification??
Making connection with friends all over the world especially those I've missed for a long time. It's so awesome
It's not letting me on it at all now
Very goooooood
Yah
Loved it
love it
I hate it, it takes all my phone memory.
It was fine before the update now i can't even use the facebook app. Please fix!!!!
I updated because I wanted to permanently disable message notifications, as I don't want to install messenger on my device; however, I found that I lost my ability to sort posts on my news feed by time & date, instead of what are considered "top stories." Perhaps Facebook developers should listen to their user base and implement what the masses want, instead of making completely asinine changes that they think the people want. At this rate, I'd rather use the stupid mobile site, which is almost just as bad.
I'm going to get a chance to win the game
Everytime I try to log in it gives me an error about the certificate being invalid....I cant connect to candy crush...please fix this asap.
Nice app
I CAN'T LOG IN AT THE MOMENT
i cant l0g in ,in all my apps except fb apps always say check netw0rk settings blah blah blah.. i can 0pen fb 0n built in br0wser ,0pera mini and 0ther 3rd party apps.
SUCKS
.nn
I like it you can see your family and freinds it is cool
Croping profile pic... is very bad...pls improve why r u nt reply my cmnt...
Will not load up right, can't get into my messages bcus I have to download a app for it ...what I will not do cus it steals info out of your phone, will not let u refresh it .. its getting more dumb!! N when u try to report it,,, THEY WONT FIX IT!!!!!!!
Well i deleted the app. Then i got it again and it isnt updated. So its how facebook looked a long long time ago..
I love Facebook
kendre
I don't know what's wrong. I just can't log in and it keeps on telling me to check my connection. I checked and it's perfect, the why can't I? I can log in using a browser though, but I can't when I'm using this. :(
Why I can't log in to my account even my email and my password is absolutely correct already!
With every update, the app seems to get worse. Now the pictures don't load. What's next, a separate app for media?
terima kasih kerana mengenalkan facebook kepada saya.
Active yet sometimes,sloppy!
why I cant log in
12itesh
Facebook always shutting down always closing. . Fix it
ayaw gumana ng facebook ko kindly pls fix it!!!!
Seems like the NSA took over fb, and now the app takes over your phone to do whatever it wants!! This is an invasion of privacy and should be illegal!! But if we want fb on our phones, we must "accept" and authorize the invasion! F.U.fb!!! :/
Thank you for the new fixes :)
Made me download messenger, I shouldn't need two apps for one purpose....and as of today I can't even access FB at all.
My Samsung Galaxy S3 heats up like hell, and my battery drains like i've never seen before when using this new version, please fix this. Its heavy and makes it hard to use other apps at the same time... and messenger should be part of the whole, not another app.
after update it wont open at all, just goes to a black screen.
I cant log in,it says i got an internet connection when every other app is working fine with the network,please fix!!!!!
wala lang
Good one
Can't move to sd card,and then it takes a lot of storage..
I can't log into my fb app and only my fb app. It says error: check service connection. I uninstalled and reinstalled it, cleared cache, set language to English, restored factory settings on my phone, but still nothing. Idle if its fb or my phone. Everything else seems to work as usual, just not fb.
Love it
This app used to work fine but lately its just been broken. It takes up way too much space and won't even let me log in anymore. This needs to be fixed.
Ever since it updated on my phone yesterday it keeps telling me to check my internet connection and wont let me log in. Everything else works on my phone as far as internet except this app. Even did a factory reset and uninstalled and reinstalled the app and nothing helped. Fix it or im done with the app.
Often it's getting stucked
Fix the errors. Don't put updates out there until yu have the bugs worked out. It keeps closing.
It won't even let me log in and my game needs to be connected to it. I am getting very aggrivated and I just updated it too
Stupid messenger slows whole system
Very very  slow
i can't login at all on the app. comes up error. i check my passwords and username and i have it correct. i can login on the web but not on app. i might just switch to twitter only. fix it
I can't log in to Facebook!  Please didn't ASAP.
Love it
I cant log in.! Due to certificate error.
I'm having nothing but problems with Facebook... It was working just fine then 2 hours ago i started having problems seeing pictures at all. I decided to update Facebook & it didn't help at all
Loved it
Have even reinstalled and still won't connectбн Time to look for new appбн Too big to make me deal with issues as well!
It won't let me log in keeps saying error
This app want let me sign in on my table. Even though I'm signed in on phone. Please help. I can't play any games that uses Facebook to login.
Great app
Exellent app
This is exlent  It is very nice for meeeee lovly app....
I'm having problems logging in
Most of time it hangs up and cant be open on my phone..
Oooo
I keep trying to log in, but it will not let me. I'm getting frustrated with this app. Please fix.
Im not going to install messenger so I can message people especially overseas due to security reasons. Dont feel comfortable for facebook to have access to everything in my phone thats invasion of privacy. From what I can see alot of people have the same opinion so you either return your messsging function as it was or I will delete facebook like alot of people on here and all my family and friends.
Since u updated,my fb acconut was always UNFORTUNATELY,FACEBOOK HAS STOPPED..Everytime i search or click a pages,this thing will happened all the time...whats going on?please fix this for me...thank u
Please fix forces close when try and click friends link! Lg optimus gt540
Good
The FB update continously crashes.  It will not let me visit my friends pages, comment, or search.  I will be deleting FB if the problem is not fixed soon!
So crazy
It won't let me sing in
I wont change it till i get a responce of why its not working right now, all of the sudden everytime i share the app closes. Not happy with this and speaking with others theyre having same problem
Int space prob..:(.
Sloooooooooow
It keeps freezing and signing me out
Uses too much space on my phone.
This won't even let me sign it. I'm getting frustrated.
I have to delete one app from my phone everytime i want to update facebook. Too much storage spave used
Since the last update I can rarely post my status. I can't comment on anything, I also can't send a message to anyone at all. Nothing new ever shows up on my newsfeed, and I keep getting the error loading newsfeed message but I know for a 100% fact that my internet connection is great. Please fix these issues! I would definitley raise my rating from 1 star to at least 4 stars if the bugs get fixed!
It force closes too much no one wants that new messageing app ot trys too force you too have
Shows an error message and will not load my newsfeed, notifications or any of my friends profiles. Please fix.
Always says I have no internet connection.
Superrrrrrrrrrrr
kalidas Naskar
Thanks for forcing me to install messenger.  Uninstalling. At last I will have more time for my books.
says error and won't let me put a status
Fb
The "nearby events" feature is removed with the latest update?! Insane.
I got on the app about 2 hours ago to post a pic and it wasn't working, like News Feed wasn't loading.  So I decide to log out to see if it worked, not only it didn't log out but started glitching, so I uninstal it.  After I instal it back it said there is Connection Problems and after reseting my phone, it apparently got an update.  Even after I did updated still says there's connection problems.. I have good Internet connection and 3G/H just in case.  What the hell!!! Last time I did it worked perfectly.
I like it..
Theres a problem logging in. It says to check your network connection but the connection is good and the SSL Exception thingy. Please help me fix this :(
It won't let me login because of uncertified certificate
Sometime i wont be allowed to check my messages unless i download the messagener app.. which i dont want to.
I can't log in! its sucks!!!!
love to usiing ittt
Nice app..
Facebook plsssssssss.... What happened.... Why why why why i cant able to log in ny account on my cellphone...
Won't log me in comes back with some code problem don't know how to fix
Its good to use it..
Good
My words started acting funny like what the hell
Vey good
Won't let me log in please fix!!
Day fuqq is going on with apparently. I can't login to Facebook even thru the browser ...please hurry up n fix
There is no edition in the new facebook when there is a mistake
Jamil zahid restaurant vientiane
It's all good except I can't play videos on my Facebook like everyone can..I use to be able to play but now I can't
Far e
Haven't been able to sign on via the app all night!
super like
As of right now it will not let me log into facebook is anyone else having this problem
Good app..but solve the problem of veru much space it takes...
This single app takes up over four times the space of my phone's memory compared to the next biggest app. There really needs to be a more efficient way to code this app.
My app won't work all of a sudden. Everything else on my phone works except for this POS app.
Wont even let me login!!! Fix this crap!!!!
What d h.... Cannot connect the internet again..
Cant open says ssl error though the wifi is strong.
It wouldn't let me login and then told me to check my connection which was great. Omg thanks for nothing.
cant open the app..
It's okay
Not working
Error in news feed constantly. Comments wont post. And now I cannnot even log on.
Cant even log in what happened to the old version it worked just fine!!!!
GOOD
Come on says can't connect to wifi when the rest of my apps work well on wifi....that's weak plz fix
Nice brwajar
It didn't gets 5 cause it has too many updates
Massenger not good
Jay swaminarayan
Like it
It keeps on force closing
Wont let me log in at all
Requires too many risky permissions
Can't log in
why suddenly i can't log in with my password.i think my password is correct already.but when i want to log in, they say my password is incorrect.what should i do.i'am already forget my email also.
its a great app if you want to find out the quality of the app I'll say try it
Awesome
Since last update hasn't been loading news feed and wont open half the time!
Great
I had to uninstall then install again because it saying error loading newsfeed... And now I can't log in with the app but on the browser I can... Help!!
Like facebook
Cool
Evertime I try to login it says I have no connection, I've reinstalled it 3 times and now I've reset my entire phone and it still doesn't work
Pleaseeee update!
Its soo  good
This app used to be great, now just stinks. I hate the new messenger app and now it is not working at all.
Cant move to sd card and its not working right now!!!
All timr showing error in timeline error downloading news feed
App keeps closing on me everytime i post something. I I had to uninstall and install multiple times. Ill give more stars once it's fixed.
Good way to connect with others !
Locks up and won't let me like anything won't update
Good
Nice socil site
Keeps closing if I go to a page besides my news feed
Cool
It takes up all the space on my phone and I have had to delete almost everything on my phone. If I can't get it to work out I'm just going to delete the stupid app because its not worth having only Facebook on my phone and nothing else.
ok
Everything has gone screwy the past few days!  Leave well enough alone or you are going to lose a lot of people.
9/9/14 Will not let me log in on the upgrade of the FB mibile app FED UP with this! I have had to uninstall & download twice now!!!  The 2б┴ when I went on Facebook my friends had no profile picture just their name & post!!  I hate this Facebook App .. never in 3yrs have I had a problem til now!!!  If I have to deal with this again i am ready to just delete my Facebook! App is terrible
Why is it not getting signed in....
awesome
Great
Slower den using browser... Will lag sometime on my galaxy ace.  2 yrs passed, it became better bt still lousy too use.
I updated yesterday and facebook will not open after that. It just gives blank white sceen. Can anyone help please?????
Can't login in on FB or fb messenger
Smooth app! !!
Awesome
Lovely application,
I like facebook. However, I don't understand why we need Messenger to message other people; I feel that it is there just to take up phone storage. I dislike messenger and it's annoying when I go on Facebook to check a message, but when I click on it it says something about "network" and then it takes forever to load.
Bitudi
Why wont it let me log in???
Too good
not perfect
Unable to sign in  *frustrated* why have an app if you can't use it?!
Amagin
I can't log in to my account. Keeps saying certification error
nice page
I love fb but now its useless cuz it says I'm not connected to internet but everything else that uses internet is working perfect
I cant log in. The " SSL Handshake " thing keeps on showing. Im starting to hate it. I cant even use it after I updated it.
Great
rather use the internet on my phone rather than this app
Nice
why i cant open.. i use lenovo a889
I have been using this app for every and now it just stopped working.
It was working fine til this recent update. It keeps saying that i have network issues and to check my internet connection. My internet it working fine with everything else
It won't let me log in!!! Gah fix please?
Mmm
Ok
I love it
I love it
Facebook
what happend?! it suddenly logged out my account then i can't logged in it says about SLL handshake Exception and it could not validate certificate signature.. please fix it
Im using this on my tablet and for some reason its establishing a certifacte error son I can sign it please help. Chromo Inc tablet
Unable to login...SSLException : SSL handshake returned an invalid session!!! what's going on???
Why the heck is this stupid thing not working, it won't upload my news feed, same again, fix it
It keeps saying check my network connection but its fine. I'm not happy with this app at all.
Its a ggood social app just too mmany updates
Make this app smaller
I've about had it with this messenger thing and the whole app in general
Had trouble uploading my news feed so I uninstalled the Facebook app then installed it again... Now I can't even log in!!!! What's going on?! This needs to be fixed ASAP!!!
I can't even access my messages without having to install messenger,  Which my phone isn't even compatible for the new "version ". WTF.
I can't do anything in this app since I updated it!!! Uninstalled then reinstalled and wont even let me log in!.
After the update it won't load my news feed search or anything it keeps saying its a error...
Having issues viewing notifications, takes me back to the same one over and over. Trouble viewing videos in news feed. Few other issues (that I never had before) since last "update"
Won't let me log-in on the app says it encounters an error but it works fine on the internet on my phone.. bogus but it'd be nice if it was fixed
Why i cant log in on fb? Always say check your internet. Could u pls.  fix it? Thanks
Nice one dude
Now it won't open .i had to delete it . Then add it. Still don't open .!!! Using all my data up . That cost money .
This application totally very slow& I want to hidden my Facebook friends list--- how can possible it.... plz help meбЎбЎбЎбЎбЎбЎбЎ
Not allowing me to sign in. Will give 5 star if fix. Please.
I just updated facebook and now I cant even log in. Says there is a Facebook error connection. Try again. Very frustrating! Please fix asap!
Why can't I share things in private messages like on the website? I want to please.
Passmoving
It won't let me log in and keeps telling me that my network has failed. Wth? -.-
Says unable to log in due to no internet connection. My works for every other app i have
The app won't let me sign in, just gives me an error. Totally frustrated as I use FB for work and personal stuff. Log in failed, saying something about sockets...
To many issues with it not opening
Handshake error??
Like I said, too big and messenger stinks.  You are going to improve facebook right into unusable and too complicated to bother with.  Since last update says I might be getting hacked and now does not communicate with some apps.  Please fix this bug.  Please stop making updates without testing across all platforms.
Has the hardest time connecting even with a strong and secure connection. Won't load newsfeed at all. Always has some other issue whenever used. One of the worst apps to have.

Ehh, i was never really a big facebook fan, i only got on to read the gossip...
goods
It's saying I have internet connection problem and if I do, how am I submitting this review...? Is there something wrong with my phone or what?
Log in failed. why?
Bullshit
this won't let me log in my accounts...its saying try again later or no wifi...but in my browser ican log in...it the app it also says invalid sessions and other things that I can't understand pls. fix it..
At first I thought it was my internet on my phone not loading stuff. But then it wouldn't load anything and still said check your internet. Turned it on and off updated the app. That made it worse. Got on the browser for Facebook worked just find. Very unhappy.
I like it
Bettr version....
Facebook is always good for me
It sucks
I just suddenly can't log in using the fb app it says that i have bad ssl connection or something.. tried using my phone's mobipe browset and i'm also having problems.. it's telling me my connection's not secure or someone's trying to attack my account.. Please fix asap
Okay it's not letting me log in.
Wont let me log in......says my internet is not working but my internet is working perfectly
I don't know what happens with the app i can't log in why i don't have network connection and i have to try again but it's wrong i have network connection wtf???
I love
....
It goes too 83% & just sit there
Needs work it says it can't connect but my wifi is working just Facebook says error on loading
It's refusing to work. It won't let me log in to any account, no matter how many times i uninstall and re install the app.
I was blocked from adding friends, messaging, and commenting on pages. I have no idea how this happened and was never informed it even happened. I didn't realize what had happened until I went to friend someone new. I have now been blocked for over 30 days, there is no way to contact anyone from Facebook to fix it, and now I have to delete my page and start all over! Facebook seriously needs to address their blocking system and fix it.
Excellent
Had to uninstall the app, reinstalled it and now it won't even let me log in. Keeps saying error
I tried to download video since yesterday and till now not loaded. Then i cnt see any news feeds anymore so i installed now i cnt log it. Please fix. Keep on saying error.
Hi facebook,  you want permission.. A whole lot of permission,  u want space that from internal memory, you want high speed.....  I just want to say fu** urself for being such jerk.  I dont want uuu
Says my connection needs to be checked. However I can use all other apps and sign in using web browser. Using HTC EVO
very nice
Hi dear please fix the bugs sometimes it crashing in glaxy note gt n7000
Unable to load error messages often
My news feed won't load and I CAN'T log out?! What the hell.. Then I uninstalled it and reinstalled, now I'm not able to log in!! Screw this.
Hoo
Good app
Why it can't play on my phone!! I really don't like that new facebk
when it freezes my phone i.have to reset it but then facebook will not let me log off and if i do get logged out it will not let me log in
Why the hell does my news feed update while I'm scrolling, completely changing the feed making it almost impossible to follow?  ...not to mention that I can't go in chronological order anymore. Why would I like to see the same post from last week/hour/day/whatever OVER and OVER? Fix these please cause everything else seems to work fine.
Its slow, I'm not downloading another so i can message people, especially one that reads your personal info. Fix this now. Your gonna lose a lot of people.
It doesnt work at all I m trying to login but show check ur net work even youtube Google and bbm r running wid the same network
Facebook is no longer working on my phone it doesn't upload anything it doesn't uptodate anything
This stupid thing won't even let me log in
I just got a Samsung tab and everytime I'm on facebook it kicks me off. Why? Never had the problem before the new tablet.
Not working says I got no internet when I have it's a joke fix it you will get 5 stars when fixed
Good service

Tbh Facebook is getting worse when they update x'(
Know the purpose of life and achieve it.
The app isn't working and wont load anything. What's wrong? And the messenger is crap. Why did we have to be forced into downloading another app just to message people through Facebook!?
I wish I didn't have so much problems getting into my facebook. Reads error loading news feed. I like to keep intouch with my family. Thank you for your concern. Also asking my opinion.
Every week a update is required
i will give u 5 stars if u fake that problem every time when i want to update i shoude uninstall then reinstall again plz fix it
Says connection error well I 3g and full bars and full wifi connection!!!
Won't let me log in
Why can I log in
I was forced to update because the app wasn't working right and would force close on me all the time. Now it won't load anything at all. It tells me no internet connection when I am at home with a strong connection and everything using the same wifi works.
Bandai 987
It always fills my memory with cache and cookies fix it
Too much memory!!!!!! This application is a nightmare
Can you fix the app
I give u 4star bcoz sometime i can't open my message and can't chat
Okay . Could fix a few things
Not nice
Nice to download
Love facebook
I logged out for a moment and the stupid thing is not letting me log in!!!
Why messenger
Good
Why i cant log in my account through this app....it always appear that my net connection is wrong..but when i used chrome my account run fast..so fix this problem
Good apps
It wont let me load my newsfeed or do anything. Please fix this soon!!
my Facebook isn't working right now
So far, so good
Its a great thing to use to communicate with friends and family i love it so much and u can post ur feelings and picture and have fun on it. But its also changeing the way it look like you are on the web but im on moble
It makes Facebook a lot more faster.
I hated this because it keep kicking me out.  and when I went to get back in it would not let me. this app is so stupid.  dont get it
I love it
After the update my friend and i can no longer log in, it says check connection even if our internet connection have a good signal, and it causes our other app to glitch.. Please fix it asap.. Thanx..
Good
After the update my friend and i can no longer log in, it says check connection even if our internet connection have a good signal, and it causes our other app to glitch.. Re-installed it twice and now it wont even open... Please fix it asap.. Thanx..
Hanging problem in note 3 It says  Facebook isn't responding. Do you want to close it ? Wait          Report            Ok
It wouldnt work so i uninstalled and installed again and i wont let me log  other than that it works good

What in the h e double hockey stick !
It's a grt8 app :)
It is not letting me log in to  my Facebook account is says login fail but my internet access is good I'm not sure because i took a survey that there was or what.
Can't move app to sd card, can't view ANY messages w/o messenger (more space& can't move that app either!!) And does not connect always but will for other apps.
Loved it
yar ye fb theme kaise change hogi koi bta skta hy
This piece of crap only works 50% of the time.
i cannot log in due to SSLhandshakeEncryption certificate etc....!!
I love Facebook I really do. But seriously, your Mobile Site is better than your app. That saying something.
It won't let me login or nothing!!! This is stupid!!!!!!
Won't let me open it!! Sucks
Everytime I log in it say "error loading news feed" my news feed still says Thursday and its Tuesday. Please fix it.
Cant log in
Its not letting me connect to it on my phone
Be nice to have most recent as a default for the news feed back.  Since i updated to this version it locks up-a LOT!!!  Please fix.  Uninstalled reinstall now can't log in at all!!!!!
Its a big app and takes up basically all the room on my phone. I can't update the app because it is such a big app. I also can't get into it.
best
Very nice application
I really want to give it zero stars,but that isn't an option.
loving it
It's too slow when i try to go to pokes & nofictations, it just turns white & stays like that!:( im very dissapointed untill u make this app faster, i will be at this rate. Pls fix.Thx.
Binggo bombo
Space wtf!
other saying that this is a useless apk . its not true it is a helpull apk for me :)
Since I first downloaded this app it keeps forcing closure for some reason when I watch any video. Now any time I check any notifications it forces closure. So I "thought" that I should uninstall it and reinstall it thinking it might actually fix any issues and now it gets stuck on 93%. I have done this 3 times and its still on 93% and left it alone to see if it would fully install for about 4 hours and it still didn't go past 93%. And by the cooments that I have read seem like there are other people who are having similar issues and it hasn't been fixed yet so seems like it won't be fixed anytime soon... Great
It works for a bit then it lags.
This was the prompt i got then i cannot log in... can you help me fix this up?
So nice so good
Keeps saying there's something wrong with my internet connection but my internet with everything else is fine. This is the only thing that won't load. I can go to my browser and use fb but not the app? Wtf facebook
Facebook is not opening or refreshing my feed. Keeps crashing and will not let me log back in after i tried logging out. FIX THIS BUG!!
good
gay new messenger app is awful and invades privacy
Cool
again
nice
Don't you ever#2 remove facebook
Jrjuruytuttt
If it didn't take up too much it wld be better and update it too
I cant see video in facebook because the update
Sometimes it connects and other times I have to uninstall it then reinstall to get it to work properly. It wont undate the newsfeed on its own I have to do it manually
Best app
After updating Facebook and messenger I am out of space and it keeps crashing! Please go back to chat through Facebook so I can uninstall messenger.
Fb everyone
nice
Won't allow me to log in on my tablet
Curious if there is an issue with an update. It has quit working altogether. Won't load, won't post.  Good job!
Yolo swag swag swag
Not letting me log in plz fix it
Nice
Nych
u
Facebook is Great
Go
Slow!!!""""",
Why did you separate the messenger? It's very inconvenient. . .
Bagusss
hardly ever works on my mobile phone
Installing.......
It refuses to connect with my wifi or my data on my phone when I know good and well they are fully functional. A waste of space on my phone!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I didn't find any better app than this to operate fb.
Love it! :)
I cant open it theres always an error pls fix
Good
It keeps saying could not validate certificate security... I'm completely lost on thst, anyone know what might be wrong ?
I have 10 gb free memory but it says there isnt available the space.Fix itt.Im serious
Rubbish
Hey Facebook I can't refresh on my home screen. I logged out and now it wont let me log back in!
Great
it takes up so much memory. Like fix it. will ya?
my life is kingdom
It doesn't let me log in or post anything it gettz me mad please fix it nd wen fixed ill give a higher rate!!!
Love it!!!!
crap
for some reason i can't log in with the app, with my phone.
Won't let me log in you suck Facebook
Poze
Nice app to stay in touch.
Since I updated it. I can't log in. Says network connection failure. Check severs.  Etc. FIX IT!!!!!!!!!
Like it says check your network but messenger is working...
Stop giving away our personal information!
Won't let me log in
Intrusive memory hog. I will not bend to its will...
facebook
Facebook woot
I keep getting unable to login please check your internet connection but i do have internet connection i even clear data but it won't  work but anyway facebook app is great but you need to do something with this :)
Yeah as if Facebook didn't use up enough memory and slow peoples phones down enough before. I will never download messanger. Go into your phones settings. Manage applications. Go to Facebook. Clear cache and clear data. You will have to re login to the Facebook app on your phone but old Facebook messanger in Facebook app will work
Some time its showing facebook not responding.  I use Samsung duos2. Why its like that
I like it
Can't long in
Kept getting an error saying I wasn't connected to the internet, tried everything uninstalled it now nothing can't even reinstall it... Facebook or shall I say government book  sucks already..
Give me back the messaging option. I dont need messanger app for it. Its plain stupid.
Best app.. love to use it
Stopped working!  Now I can not log in!!!
Badtrip.. Wats wrong?
Every time I try to login it says check your internet  connection when its fine
I love it the new look of facebook, I love this apps
I cant log in it says theres a network problem but actually i have all my bars full u need to fix that
Cant moov to sd card but good aps
Deleting this crap

Nice
Suddenly I cant LOGIN. Login issues, please fix and have an update. Thanks
Now nothing will even load!!!!
Love it
Can't log in. Says no connection. Everything else works fine. Won't change the rating until it's fixed.
You just suck borderline
It takes up to much memory in my phone..an i got a new phone wit new giga bites
Its fast and is awsome
News feed won't load. Can't upload pictures. Can't chat on a SOCIAL NETWORK without yet another space consuming app. The more your programmers "upgrade", the worse facebook gets.
It Says Error Check My Internet Connection..But My Instagram And All Other Data Stuff Is Working Great.
I love it
Very good social network.
Lately this app is more problems than its worth. Uninstalled, and staying that way untill y'all get your act together.
Facing this issue repeatedly. After loading news feed of about ten to fifteen items. It further stops loading and can't see any images or any other data in the news feed. Internet speed is very good. So don't think it's the reason. Please fix it
Great if we have this
Error
Can't move 2 SD card
I have uninstalled and reinstalled 7 times.  Called Verizon. Nothing wrong with phone.  It just loops me back to the login page. No problems on the browser.  worked fine this afternoon. I am thoroughly disgusted. You break it but don't fix it
I keep having Facebook saying "error" basically saying I don't have service or internet, when everything else is working just fine. I can't even get on Facebook unless on a computer so it won't act up.
News feed does not refresh. Again. Better off using the web browser cause that works and is consistent. Please fix asap.
Everytime I try to open any Facebook apps (Facebook, messager, and page manager) it doesn't refresh anything! Keeps saying there is a connection error. I'm on a galaxy s phone. I have tried everything to fix it and nothing is working. I rebooted my phone twice, switched from wifi to standard phone internet, uninstalled all 3 apps and re-installed them. Nothing is working. Please fix whatever issue is going on!! I'm very upset
This is old app improve it
Bed
Problems connecting to wifi, problems syncing with messenger app, overall quality is poor. If I didn't need it for work, I'd get rid of it entirely.
It keeps on crashing every 10 minutes. You guys really need to fix this and stop making it worse!!!!!!! It's really slow and it sticks!! And I'm unable to log in.....Please fix these problems.
Need to upgrade facebook
Everything
Y on earth this is not working in my phone.
Keep saying security certificate sum blah blah blah cant get back on thru app or google
dope
It won't let me log in or out and I can't see pictures. It causes my phone to freeze and I have to turn it off then back on several times before my phone will work again.
Man yall need to fix this. It states "Not able to connect , please check internet" and at that I have wifi and its working fine. Then it will not let me.log in smgdh
To much space for the update i don't get it!
Takes up a lot of my internal storage, and the cache and cookies, and ads , and all the other bull sh,, and than I have to add the messenger app, huh! I don't think so, you motherf$#%45*
My apps suddenly broke down.Its cannot loads feed while i have internet.so i uninstall n install back to back.please fix this and i will give 5star.tq
Never acts right....
Good
I can't log in
Please make an update dor sdcard please to much external storage
Doesn't allow me to sign in all i get is a dam error message stating that it cannot load my previous session. Wtf is that, obviously an app that has over a million users should be able to prevent these issues. Maybe they need to hire new techs.
My news feed won't load and I CAN'T log out?! What the hell..
Why i cant log in even i have Internet connection?
i like it
It keeps acting up
love it can't get enough of it lol
It freezes and force stops constantly!! Can't check anything on it and makes my phone slow as .....slow can be!! I want the old version back or ill just go without it!!
Its OK
Cant move to sd without root ... lame
Like it
I'd like to save videos or vines which I watch on fb but I can't download them. Please look into it
it used to be ok, but now in order to send or receive any message they make you to download useless unnecessary app and there is no way to avoid it. they have no right to do that.
Very good
Like I said, too big and messenger stinks.  You are going to improve facebook right into unusable and too complicated to bother with.
Nice app
Best
Like this app
It takes up so much space on my memory card
I love it
Won't load anything for a few hours now
lol
:'(
Facebook is constantly force closing or not responding. Can't play videos.  Fix it ASAP.
Works great best vs yet
Hi kivotaotzotztoEu in saying random things lol
Its a good app but the fact that u have to install a separate app for the chat makes me give it jus a 3 star. Not to mention it takes up a lot of space.....
A
It's not letting me log in I opened it up it logged me out and won't let me ok it keeps coming up with somethig about a ssl error
Messenger sucks
Awsome
I love it
I cannot sign in because It gives an error that Could not validate certificate signature...what to do
It won't let me sign on like Wtf
I wont let me log in keeps saying can not connect to Facebook try again later
Messenger sucks!!!
Cool app love talking and seeing what friends are doing or have done!
This version of FB is horrible. The messages are more difficult to get to. It seems to crash every other minute. Once you scroll down and try to go back up it doesn't give you the option to jump back to the top. The version I had before this new update was the best so far. Even to download a pic all you had to do was press on the image and the options would appear to save, so did the messages posted. This is version reminded me if Tetris.
So goooood
I cant login to me facebook ughhh
The Facebook app has been having trouble loading my news feed please fix the errors.now I can't even login
No longer works for me...says failure to connect to wifi but im connected and everything BUT Facebook works.
K I love facebook nd would love to give it five stars but I dont like at all how if I am to read my messages I have to download messenger nd messenger is soooooooooo dodgy!!!!!!! So I refuse to download it
I want to see all posts in time order.  I decide what's top news.  Not somebody that had no clue about me.
Says its incompatible with my sony xperia when i bought the ph a month ago it was already on the ph then it disappeared fix and will change rating
It keeps saying I'm not connected to the internet. Clearly I am. I've sent numerous of reports trying to get some sort of feedback. Messages won't load or show up, my timeline says error, I can't view ANY profile including my own. Before all this, I had to force close it constantly due to it freezing. It's getting really annoying really fast
Login
nice
Awesome

I hate it. I cant even get on it.
Facebook
Can't sign up with browser, it keeps sending me to Google to download the app all the while I'm logged with the app already. All that has to be shared on Facebook, demand me to be logged in on browser. On Sept9th 2014 it wouldn't let me log in, some 'network error where I had to uninstall and reinstall the app.
ilove it
Hot
Dami
It is sogood
Won't even let me log in no more keeps saying sorry an error has occurred ...
Doesn't let me log in
Always forced closed!!!!!!
A great way of keeping in touch, and staying reconnected.Love it :)
I can't open it.
Freezes up when im going through stuff. Just gets annoying.
Its was working fine u until the update
Goood;) Galaxy S2;)and S3:)
thanx to checked my problem.now its work very faster.
Just scrolling through my feed and had crashed three times in the last five mins.
Cannot connect, something with a socket. Crap
It shows log in error... And force to stop all the time..
Thanks to this app and it hogging all the internal space on my phone, I cannot download no other apps. Please give an option to move to SD card
Good
Takes up way too much space, can't move to SD card and doesn't work. It gives me an error every time I try to log in.
Fkamila
Omg get a life
Osam
i can not used...!!!
I can't update or login this is so stupid the sever keeps crashing
Takes up too much space
I all was log out on fb on my phone. Now I cant long in to my fb. It should be up to me if I want to down load messager on my phone not yall telling me to. I thank I going back to myspace or find something else. Fb needs to fix
Sir make this more useful without automatic add
I try to log in and it constantly says it has a problem. Its slow and annoying also I should not have to download messenger!
Useless app. Installed/unistalled app, cannot log into my acct via my smart phone. Sorry but this is one SORRY app that needs to be fixed.
I can't log in through the app.. Seriously?
love it but dont like messenger, kills my phone a lot faster.
I have been using this app for several months. But now it won't let me log in. It keeps saying something about check my internet connections. But my WiFi works for everything else but this. Please fix! Ill give it 5 stars once I can log back into it. Thanks.
It always show a massage that unfortunately Facebook has stopped. Nd i can't understand this?
I have to unstall it to log oit of my account ever day. Its annoying.
It is not loading my.news feed.
Everytime i try to get on i get the message "trouble loading newsfeed"!!!  this app wont let me do anything!! I have uninstalled and reinstalled over and over!!  very frustrating!! I have emailed and reported this and still no help!!!
Ramai kwn2 dpt dtmui semula..pas sek tamat...
Thank you for bringing back again the messanger of fb,, now we dont need to used the facebook messanger apps.
Wtf FB??? I can't open any link as it keeps showing the red screen saying site not trusted?? It was fine last night but this morning, i can't open any links... You guys keep changing the setting and it's screwing up my phone, not to mention you force me to download your messenger app if i still want to keep in touch wth my friends on FB. Fix this ....... please!
IDol
Like it
Ya'll have done it now. I can't even log in to my app. It says not connection but yet everything else works. This is ridiculous. I logged in online and every word is wrote vertically. I can't log in either way.
I can't login my facebook because the apps cannot detect internet connectivity. At that time, I'm using high speed internet and the other program using internet run fine.
Fully satisfaction
Uww
;(
Nandlal chauhan pradhan jee
I can not download the new version of facebook and messenger why can't I please help me
I love facbook
Ok
Newest update does not work!
I love Facebook
I hate that I will see stuff from last week from the same ppl I see stuff from all the time. I would like to choose "most recent" instead of whatever it is I see!
eror i can't log in :|
I don't know what I would do without it!!!
Won't load any photos and some videos on my feed

Its a bit gud
OK
Good app! Keep it cause its the only way I can log into Facebook ! :3
Wawooooo
App is stupid keeps telling me to check my network after i checked it 6 times... I hate it
I can all my young nigga
this app is not much good coz I have problum some times for uploading pics hai videos and some looks different then if you use facebook in browser
Try to use the app again n enjoyed it :*
Great
Fastest than ever!
face book
I0l
It stoped working, its telling me "error can't load content news" and I have my wifi on, I tried going on google plus and twitter and they work, cmon face book programers!
FIX THIS I CANT LOG IN MY FACEBOOK.
Stacy
Just love it!
I can't sign on at all... Please help!!!!!
Hate that you have to download messenger
Totally crap!
Sana madownload kita
Just Time pass FB
Great
I a good way to conect with friends and family
Liked it
Thank you do much for invading my privacy and using up all my internal  phone space. First of all I would never install your messenger!!. Second, I had the option of moving FB to my SD card and now is not letting me do so.... Good bye FB not gonna use FB on my cell until problem is solved!!!
That's just my opinion, I honestly prefer this app before it was updated for the android. It was easier to use unlike this one.   It won't even let me login anymore, this is seriously annoying.
Makes my phone slow as shyt
Why I can't log in to facebook
It wont let me log in anymore, just shows up an error message. Certificate failed or something
I like how it says "what's new, chat, text and have group conversations" so I update thinking messenger is back where it should be, but it's not, they still force you to install it!
It was 5 stars, UNTIL THIS MOST RECENT UPDATE, now it's a 1 STAR SUCK-FEST, it's slow, it freezes, and it force closes way too frequently, what the hell did you do to it? It blows!!
Its fucken comfusinq and slow
Jk
Can't upload new status. Keeps saying error.
THIS UPDATE REALLY SUCKS!! PLEASE FIX IT........... IT WONT LET ME LOGIN
This is better than older version
love ds one
After my Samsung tablet updated the ap closes when I click a link..
Very good
Good
I seriously would like to know why my update is an older version of Facebook? It looks nothing like the new version & this is highly upsetting. Is this punishment for not installing messenger???
Thanks
It is straight up telling me it's due to Facebook. Fix this. I fix your rating.
Nice
Why would I need to use another app just to read messages? It's ridiculous.
What d h.... Cannot connect the internet again..
Has anyone's changed the web settings?
i cant log in ..  it keep saying no internet connection but when i checked my wifi .. its strong why ??
I have had to uninstall & download twice now!!!  The 2б┴ when I went on Facebook my friends had no profile picture just their name & post!!  I hate this Facebook App .. never in 3yrs have I had a problem til now!!!  If I have to deal with this again i am ready to just delete my Facebook! App is terrible
Very buggy...
Not that good
It won't let me log in thru my app or the internet browser. Wtf!
It seems like I have to uninstall and reinstall a few times a week because it won't load or some form of an error. Not happy.
It was working perfectly fine then BAM! IT STOPPED WORKING. IT KEPT ON SAYING CHECK CONNECTION. AND THERE IS NOTHING WRONG WITH MT CONECTION. FIX THISSS PLEASEEE
Those app sucks! Always says not responding
By
The latest updates have messed everything up. Can't load games, update status, its really slow and choppy if I happen to get in FB. Terrible!!
Facebook is awesome. Its my alws fav apps.thanks fb.
I was logged in and it kept saying no internet connection. I uninstalled it and reinstalled it. Now I can't even log in.
Changed my password an have been locked out of my account ever since due to "security reasons." Wth.
I can't go into my Facebook anymore its said I don't have a connection...I have WiFi and I'm fucken sitting right next to it
Excellent
Takes lot of space , badly affects the cache
Great
Was forced to install messenger now I can't see my news feed or comments I don't want messenger don't force it why do you need access to all my personal info this is wrong so I have uninstalled messenger and trying again maybe I'll just free up all my space on my majesty by the end of the day hope that's not the case no pics no video no news feed or error loading news feed and do you even read these ratings because your update isn't working
Wont let me log in my connections fine everyother app works pls fix
No 1
Last update automatically  did it on is own 2 nights ago and now it won't open or work it sucks period can't u make it back to when u first created it lol
Good
My. Love
Hate it
I hate this new update don't get it  Frfr
Only FB
160 mb of data usage is ridiculous!
It will not let me log on or anything! The app is acting very trippy on my phone ..
Mardi
Im on WI fi and its telling me I have no internet connection now I can't get on fb
It sucks now
i cant use it :'(
Facebook chat is un available for my phone that needs to be fixed
Why I cannot open my facebook!please fix and then I will give 5 star again
No one change only west your internet mb
Unknown error code 919. Won't let me download. I downloaded it a month ago but deleted it because it took up all my space on my phone.
The app keeps failing to upload pics. I've been dealing with this issue for 2 weeks now. Please fix. LG Optimus G Pro.
Facebook App.
keeps sayin connection failed and i cant do nothing
Un-installed it and went back to using Firefox to access Facebook. Tried it months later and it's worse. It SUCKS!!!!
Great social mediaa application =)
It keeps saying check your internet
Recent update made the app load poorly, now I can't even connect anymore.
Nice apps
Every time I try to log in with the app, it tells me that I am able to log in because of a connection problem. The real problem? The app. When I go to the site via browswer, I don't have any problems. I used to really enjoy the app, but it sucks now. If I could give 0 stars, I would since I can't use the app at all! Please fix this.
Sometimes frezzes my phone
ILOVE YOU
Galaxy note 2 user it is best app i loved it
Awesme app
The embedded web browser is really annoying. Some pages can't load or just cause the app to freeze. I can't just close the window the browser opens in which is a pain trying to get back to the main app when I have to go through multiple new pages.
Fabulous
It's says it having problems connecting to Facebook server.
Nwla
Entertaining
Tara
Facebook
Eror in the facebook...thanks
An amazing App
Nice
fixed it!
Won't download
"Can't play video" pops up every time I try to play a video. Both wifi and mobile data. Crap!
Good
It will not let me login keepz sayin no connection n I do
Why cant i view albums on fb pages that i have liked?
Please bring the regular facebook app back.
hate it why i can't make a col
Easy to use
The newly updated facebook cant make a call. And Im searching for facebook messenger application to make a call but theres no result in google playstore. Pls fix this as soon as possible coz many users are already complaining.
Trying to force you to use their services. I've only got facebook still till I get all my friends numbers.
Grt
Trash!!!!
Jusoh garam
The cops use this to track people  please dont download this app use your browser
facebook
Thankx
It takes up too much face and it keeps disconnecting me from the internet and it keeps freezing up And now it wont even let me open the app
It used to work really well, then I had to update my tablet. After that, i couldn't get in. I was considering reinstalling it so I don't have to go to the mobile facebook site all the time on my phone, but after reading the comments, I've decided not to. Thank you for the comments!
I liked the app at first but all of the sudden , it stopped working and I went to update it and I had no space left . I deleted 3 or 4 apps and a couple of pics.  But I still don't have enough . Please fix this problem ASAP !
It is very useful apps by which we upload anything on fb or share everything to own frnds .  Really nice apps guys
If you have a spare play phone that I had to put locks on access, People please read before accepting.
Porque esta aplicaciиоn tiene permisos para leer mis llamadas recientes y mis mensajes de texto de entrada y salida de mi operador y demивs funciones del sistema fuera del servicio que ofrece Facebook... hoy inicie secciиоn y secretamente me tomo una foto el sistema me lo notifico... a quien se le estив proporcionando la privacidad de mi informaciиоn y para que propиоsito es usado? Y si desactivo los permisos con root la aplicaciиоn no funciona como si leer mis mensajes fuera obligatorio me parece muy mal...
Fix it. Why would a  company that has done fantastic make such a horrible mistake.
I updated my facebook and now it won't sign in. Fix this please!
Good!!
Good
It stopped loading and it won't let me log back in ._.
I like the app, only at this time, I'm unable to log in with my tab, keep getting error message.   Can log in with cellphone...Uninstalled on tab, then reinstalled,  changed password....nope, just can't log in on tab at the present.
Cant sign in :/
Every time I try to check it out . It comes up with some kind of trouble and can not go through some kind of trouble u can't get through it gets you were you are happy.     and snap it won't let you through.
Apps
Love feel you
Without the chat feature the app really sucks now.
Wer do I find hfb
This is ok few problems needs fixing on timeline breaks between post
since update says i cant login
You cant send videos
It wont ler me log on? ? >_< WTF! HELP
I hate this app because it won't let me login to my account
This app is on and poppin, good to reunite with friends I haven't heard from or seen in ages na mean. Keep up with the updates, always finding something new......Dueces!
Cant login needs update
Ive been trying all day to use this app and i keep getting a signal loss. I tried uninstalling and reinstalling and now i cant sign in. Plz fix
Its good
Intrusive trash.
I feel so irritated today,loading problem please fix it,new feeds is error,,,,,,why????
(Y)
It wont let me log in, and   I am 100% sure that  I typed my information correctly. It tells me to check my wifi, when it is turned on and connecting and working.
Its fb pages dont always work  but it great 4stars and it won't let me log out and says I'm not connected.
Its always so slow not cool
What is going on it don't want to login it say can't connect to Facebook
Mom
This app hangs always In my phone it shows u have 2 notifications and I click on that face book opens and hamgs
& Its some fake bitches up here
Almamon
Its not letting me sign in
U must improve your app to sth good not to this bullshit .. I really don't like the app because it's for 2013 and I want the old version of facebook whose was  installed in my smartphone because this new app is stupid
What happened?, last night i can still connect, but now i can't, it says "Failed to connect, check your network connection" -_-, but i have a good signal of my wifi, i can log in to facebook via browser, -_-.. i've already reinstall it, but still have the same problem.. please fix this immediately....
Why i cant log in .. It always says check my network. .
So far it's a very bad update. Facebook won't recognize that I'm online with wifi or my data. It won't let me log off or anything. Am going to have to delete permanently if it's not fixed.
Stupid.. Keep saying network error although my wifi has no problem and other apps r working fine.. Can also browse from web too.. Stupid fb app!
What's wrong with you FACEBOOK? Still error when i tried to download it. PLEASE fix this.
Excellent
its Not letting me log in nor really install the messenger app
I like
Lovly
What is hell going on with fb and messenger
Completely unusable after update.
Always says error loading news feed. Drives me nutz.
its more convenient to get in faceb ook using browser. coz this app needs a lot space on internal memory and must install messenger for chattings.. sucks
Love the app
It's awesome
To frikin leggy need lag fixer update
Sangat cocok untuk mengembangkan bisnis.... mantap dah
Never uploads news feed I have to actually delete the. App and then reinstall it....kinda ridiculous needs fixing big time
Takes up so much internal memory,  now they require messenger as well !? Almost considered going back to MySpace . Jk, but seriously get this fixed
Its okay but it dosent show the notifications
Won't let me login keeps saying check my connection. And the connections great Google works but Facebook won't :(
Love it
Great job!!!
phann
It slows down my phone -_-and frezzes my phone
I can't get into my fb account
I was getting an Issue with my Account that my newsfeed wasn't refreshing now I reinstalled it I can't log back in.   Galaxy Ace 2
Hardly have any room for apps then the inbox doesnt act right
N
error app can't work properly
Idiot
My FB app randomly stopped connecting to the internet. All other apps including FB Messenger are connecting without a problem. Tried reinstalling but it still won't work.
Excellent to use. Easy.
Since the last update my contact doesnt have their pictures showing anymore. Even unlinking n relinking contacts doesnt work. It s*cks!!!
? April 14 - Please sort out the news feed problems. I would like to sort by most recent, not see news that is 4 days old! Deserves no stars............ OK That was bad enough but Sept 06 14 - I can't even login either on mobile or home wifi?? :(      'PLEASE SORT THIS NOW! :(                UPDATE   10/9 I am uninstalling the crap app :( :( :(
Live it
It takes up WAYYY too much space and you can't move it to SD card so I have no space for anything else. And then you have to download messenger just to chat privately?!? Nah. I'll pass until this is fixed
I have the app on android galaxy s4 active, but it would be perfect if the profile picture was on the cover photo like it is on the web
For once the old updates where better when u upload a video u can't even see the progress I waited like 4hrs just for a 1min video to upload fix the upload things now!!!!
Liji
Awesome
Pls fix the login connectipn offacebook i cant login my acount,, what is this handshake error thing -.-
Awesome app guys
Won't let me on it..
I cant open it.. it always says cannot connect to server even f my mobile connection is on.
App keeps freezing and kicking me out
A lot of times it will say notification and when you drop it down to go to the notification it puts you back at the last place you were browsing....being either the news feed etc. Then when you go to notifications it acts like you already checked it.  Another annoying thing is if you hop around a lot of pics, comments, etc....you can't simply go back to news feed or your notifications... Instead you have to hit the back button until you can get there. Needs to always have the menu at the top instead.
My Facebook ain't working at all everytime i get on, It saying check your internet connection but the rest of my web stuff work the only time facebook work if i get on the web please fix: (
Thnx for fixing
Awesome downlown
It keeps telling me it can't connect...
Shahpura
Good
It doesn't keep my newsfeed up to date. I get messages and notifications a few minutes later. It constantly says no internet connection. i cant log out at times And when i try to log on it doesnt allow me to
Wont let me log in my facebook
I love the app.. But can we please fix the glitch to where when I select to turn off notifications it actually does that instead of getting the notifications
Fuckin awesome
Takes up wayy to much space lags all the time and I can never do what I want I dont want to see posts from three days ago and I want to be able to see pics and videos if this isnt fixed soon ill go back to using my computer for facebook
Momtaz
Good
Facebook
7/6/14 Better 8/21/14 Updated 9/9/14.
Wont let me log in. Keeps saying 'cannot connect to facebook try again later' when I have full connection to my wifi.
It won't let me log back in on my page
Don't go with fugazee...This is #1
nice
i like
Why? Htc one m8
Amazing tray this!!
Love love
I hate how I have download 2 apps to use the basics of what fb should do
Great
:@ NEVER WORKED PROPERLY!!!
I can't login my fb since this morning,it say that i have prob with my data connection but when i open the other application,there was nothing prob with my data connection. I have try for many time but still say the same. Please, what happened to fb now?
Keeps saying network error since it updated. All other wifi or network apps work fine.
i can keep intuch with friends and family
-_____-
Takes way too much memory and ALWAYS Crashes. Never can I use Facebook mobile.
Won't let me down load app
This app forces closed alot.. please fix
The app keeps telling me to check my connect and I did that. Before I dis though, I checked to see if all me other apps were going to give me the same problem. They weren't.
09.8.2014
Since the last update I keep getting either fb shutting down or can't access retry
Cool
Better
I can't choose privacy for my statuses and pictures, only available option is friends, but no custom. Also I really want to unfollow post !!
Cka
We want Most recent news.  No more top news.
To
U deserved 5 star
Gn
Amazing
I love Facebook
Access to my phone notifications is just another spam avenue. I especially love it when I get woken up during the night with some silly notification 'do you know someguy'
Radhe infotech
Taz mania
Moderate app...not so bad but lag in speed.
Although I'm still gonna use the app once you guys switch to messenger I'm gonna start using the web. Only reason why you want to force people to use messenger is so you can record people's conversations and turn on their camera without them noticing as stated in your privacy policy hidden very well so no one can find it. Since its so long who's gonna take the time to read it? Your messenger app is already losing downloads faster then you think. A lot of people I know won't use it and have already deleted.
Slow as all get out.
Love it..
Loved it
Safe way to stay in touch with family.
its keep throw me out from facebook app. fix it
Why do I need to download the messenger app? I remember back in the day when all you needed was one app top do it all.
Nothing
Love fb but i cant re download it bc it keeps saying error
Takes up to much space over 100mb and my phone only has 1gb internal i recommend using your broswer
Updated to an older version wtf
Not so good!!!
Change from 1 to 4 nice update
Just hateit
Very practic
OK
Excellent
It's an awesome app.. but some peoples r using absuley it's not the fact of this app it's the fact of those people's who r miss using..!!!
Luis
I can't play videos at all and every time I go to look at my news feed it's showing me things from days it weeks ago. It won't even give me the option to choose the most recent ones. Seriously aggravated. Not to mention having to install messenger.
.    Goiooooud
Keeps frezzing
this new update is awful it not letting me watch any videos and it freezes my phone and forecloses!!!!!FIX IT
Good
Epagashamiy75
Love it
What's the point??????
Kaimz
I m happy with us
News feed is pathetic I want to read up to date posts not ones from 3 days ago.
Continues to crash and i do not have a lot on my phone. Also my pop up key pad randomly closes in the middle of typing. Please please please fix
5star
Pictures disapeared
Ok
For some reason the app continuously freezes. Facebook needs to fix this.
Dunno if its this update which I installed today, but since then I keep getting try your connection and try again / something went wrong errors on reading posts. Yet other apps work...Also dunno whats new as I dont see anything different. 9/9.. why is it since updating ive had more trouble loading news feed than I ever did..FACEBOOK fix it in the next update. Or I wont be updating again.
nice
GOOD
I'm going to check out the new update and then decide what to do.  It's just as easy to sign in from my browser.
This app needs very less data 192 mb that's to much for this app geez horrible I just use my browser now dissapointed
cant even upload photos. I thought it was my WiFi at first but I tried using data and it still didn't work.
I like fb
Sssuper
Takes a lot of space on my phone.
A must have app
Why does it keep freezing and shutting down on my droid 3. Please fix...grrrr
ANAM Ul
black ad toll
Don't want to install messenger but trying to force me too. I like sending text messages I know it's only me and my cell provider that sees them
Corruption
I think this app should have the option to copy the data by tapping the content for few seconds like we have in twitter app. This is the only --ve point I feel for this app.

150mb zauzima
I like this app
Nice application
AJAY
No. 1
Hate messenger.
If you're going to strip out, messenger then do it.  Don't leave messenger notifications in the main fb app that force you download another app.
Is not good
Good
old version bst
:(
Nice way for chat
Good Good
Recently uninstalled this app because it was making my phone slow...Now I want to install it again..and get the old version..what's the problem?
Works fine with me. Lags, sometimes crashes, video doesn't work sometimes
X
I lost the last 2 updates.. and again download the app but it run jst like the same, too much ram consuming & too much lageing. Plz fix it. Some times it does not work..
This app takes a lot of storage on my phone.. it sucks
I'm giving this app only a single star because I hate your child app "Facebook: messenger". It is intrusive, annoying, and a waste of space. I hope you get the message. . . pun intended.
Im not able to sign in.it says signing failed plzz help
Good
Awe......
Thats good
nice app
Not responding. Messenger? I hate it
Facebook is a lot of fun at a desk top but I prefer the Google + My Circle app much better, and I think I would like to see Facebook to layout their mobile phone application home screen as Google + then I would be satisfied
What a idea
Erorr while downloading. So i have rooted phone and i symlinked fb data to ext SD card. Something messed up and i cant install fb again, i tried updating, uninstalling and installing again, nothing works. Not to mention how much space does fb app takes!!!!
Great
Good
Luved it
Then don't even tell me I have them.
Awesome
Shite keeps on crashing
Super yaaro
Since last up date the app keeps crashing videos play Automatically and very slow
Good but some time slow
Facebook is lifestyle
Since it has updated fb. I can't get my newsfeed up in the evenings. It has been this way since the last update.
Supare
Love the Facebook app great way to link to friends and families
Khan
fantastic
This was awesome app
Plzzz add some xtra features like videochat and comment edit and etc
Saidi bin abd manaf BLOK B, 8600 G RUMAH BERTAM 75250 MELAKA
Why it takes too much space? 8 months ago it was awesome but now it SUCKS
It take out all the time
But It slows the mobile
Love it
Nice
Take you to much space and I hate the message application.
Poor  0 star
it goes slow and could go faster!
Wht u guys hv done...it sucks now...nd tks a lot of space o
An good App
Good
For every thinks. Like   chat call e t c.....
Too much space
It is perfect
Practical application :)
Noooooooo
Love it
Face bookmark
I HATE that it HAS to have so much access to stuff on my phone (no, Facebook,  you don't) and I HATE not being able to private message without the messenger app. Facebook just plain sucks now.
Tigist
Facebook
I have 300 Mb empty space in phone memory... still says insufficient....
Like
;)
Good
Good
Awme
yiu
Nice. App
No to messenger
Mishra
Coll
Please Change My Facebook Back
Ok
Damdom
Ok
It's awesome
world frnds dictionary
I just can't open my chat list!!!
Takes a long time to load news feed
Good
Nice app
Very good
photos are not loading..  it's like 'men i got nothing hahaha!
Awesome
Good app
Very nice
I am a beautiful person. The comments for your help. I have a look at the moment.
Mbb
Gooddd
I love Facebook
The feed keeps glitching and resetting. Very annoying. Can't u just let it be set to recent and only update when WE want!? Ugh!
B
Thanks again for all of you who have been a while. I have a look at the moment. The comments for your help. I have a look at the moment.
Ilove fb
Very nice Facebook
Would not let me in because of something not related to my number.
First of all, it takes too much space. Second, it requires you to download its messenger app just so you can chat, which then takes up more space.
Good
Di12345
Works for me and everything is perfect;D
Super
Worst app ever created
I get to c everyone I love.
Will not stay online long enough for me to use it
You have fixed my bug thnx
Good
I can't download the latest update because there isn't enough space. I deleted apps, cleaned history and caches. Transferred pics to my computer and still not enough room. It's crap.
worst facebook app ever
Facebook use to be good until you had to down load Facebook messaging app just to talk to people this application had really went down hill.
Very good
Humayun
Good but I hope will not make slowley phone
Nice
Nice
Christy
I try to post, crash, i try to like a post, crash, i try anything, crash. What happened?
I cant download any apps coz too much mb :(
I keep getting almost every picture showing up as completely white with a tiny "reload" symbol in the middle which, if you select it, does absolutely NOTHING. My computer doesn't have this issue, only this app... What the eff? Fix this please. I'm about to delete app.
its slow and does less than the previous version. it's going to force me to download facebook Messenger for calls so yeah it sucks sucks sucks sucks I reiterate, this version sucks
H
Ok
It is complicated
Good
Not only does it lagg so bad, but it doesn't even upload properly. Even tagging in posts has become worse. Fix it or hate it.
Love it
Take down the messenger app it's useless ..and my phone is running out of space. I will NOT be forced to install an app I already used and disliked just to be able to talk to people ..that's why it's a one star..if I could I'd make it a half star ...there's a lot of negative ratings Facebook ..maybe you should listen?
Error... do you guys ever read these?
Facebook
Thanks
awsome
Fantastic I like this
Ok
Since update I can't view any posts, always comes like error loading page.I thought this problem is for me alone but , everybody is complaining about pls fix it..
Denyokmbladus
Ok
Arindam
Hoop
The latest update ( with messenger integration) has made the app memory hogging and crashes several times
Large app that can't be moved to sd card..... And why should I download your shitty messenger.... The app should have all the features of Facebook including messages
excellent
Cannot used at all.
It keeps saying error loading page every five to ten minutes please fix
Thanks
I give it five star's  because of new vision it so cool
It used to work good. Now it's just slow and keeps freezing up my phone. Videos won't open. It's annoying!!!!
Nice
Love it
When i dnt want to use messenger then y m i forced to i cant msg coz of diz crazy messenger i dnt want it so plss....let me use messages direct from Facebook nt wid a messenger
My life
It's OK
Gud
Love it..
Good find.people
Why it's take too much space. I dont like this and. Moreove there was a choice for video downloading in old version and now this facility has been removed whyyyyyyyyyyy?????? I dont like this.
Very  good
Best
i love fb..somuch i have a lot of frends here kht hang always my cp always gogogo parin.still on adikk in dot dotan portion tnx lolo fb...
Perfect
Takes up to much memory
Nice
Nice
Since updating an otherwise normally stable application now crashes out several times a day.  Not impressed.
Very slow.... not a good app
Excelent
One should have
MD.N.A.
I love this
Great app.
Its a good app I love facebook I love it its a great app but that I have to dowlode messnger it takes my storge but what do u have to say its good  dowlode it trust me
Very cool
Good
So slow
Ok         Ok
It keeps for closing..fix it its fustruating
Dum h boss
Very good app
kkkkkkk
Place make a tablet friendly landscape version of the app
Very very nice fb install guys
Good app
It occupies too much of space
newaccount
it's a wonderful app to make new friends join groups such as I and make a great fam .and maybe even meet mr. or mrs.right.
Facebook login problems wifi net
Its make me find a new friend
Every time I try to use this app it crashes! The same as the Facebook messenger app! They both crash when I try to view messages, comment or basically do anything within the app! Any suggestions or plans on fixing it ?
And u know this man....
Ali
Excellent
on the best
Good
Great app
Babyshambles
This is a great app, but it would be great if you could reply to people's comments directly on a page.
Not so good.. it stuck.. fix it.. please..
Tshidi phasha
Jhakkas
Invasion!! It's the same as the FB messager. No kidding. If you enjoy some unknown looking at you while you are doing something private be my guess.
Vry bad
1986 12 30
Privacy concerns
Hola b happy
Loved it
Great games !!!
I cant move to my memory card.this app is good but bullshit to the other side of my phone memory.
A lot better
5
Kamal hai
NiSh an I have I phone7
Salum
P.Jadhav
God
Very bad application
Not bed
morohunfoluwa.
Like it.
Its So slow.its maked me mad when i chated with friend
Won't let me upload the app keeps saying there's an error. Been doing this for days!!!
Okk
It load many times to open a single page i hate this app
Bedage
No lags nothing
Can't get on my account freezes
Niceeeeeeee
amin
Whenever I'm using this app and I try messaging someone, my phone freezes before opening the messenger app. It then pops back to the Facebook app and the message that I've just typed disappears. It's so annoying!
H xxx as hhdjj
6
Wow

I'm getting tired of scolling threw my news feed, being in the middle of reading something, then all of the suddon being sent back to the top. I would like to be able to refresh whenever I want to and not randomly while I'm trying to read things I haven't read yet.
Good
nice
Doesn't work after update on Sony Xperia E1. Any ideas when this will be fixed for kitkat 4.4.2?
Good
I haven't been on Facebook in months now I can not ever remember my password or keep myself logged in. Im not really fb material
I can't even update the app. It takes up too much space. Plus my phone crashes and won't work for a few hours after getting on fb! About to delete app
It's very bad app . It takes a lot of mamory around 150mbs on my phone and when use it use a lot of RAM . M going to uninstall it . Facbook app before this vrsion is good but this is too bad . Frndz dn't download it .
Downloaded it can't access my messages still
This is so helpful
Exe
Good
I liked this app, but it's a waste of space now.  They force you to download messenger.  So instead I'm just deleting the app and using the website.  Which is a big step back for a company that's always been ahead of the game.
Hai
Waste of time
Install my Face book
Takes too much up on phone ,n makes phone play up
When I am trying to play a video on my feed, it always says that "there is a problem playing the video" then suddenly it just force closes. Why is that? Please fix it. Bunch of thanks po! :)
I like fb
Singh
Usefull app
Cool application
After last update its takes too much time open fb
Takes up way to much space....refuse to update
Super
Good
monu
I dont can download the face book messanger please help me & improov in messanger... In my Galexy ace before 1 month i can download messanger bt still i dont do... So please please help me....
it takes so so much space .even aftrr updating i cant use it bcx  mob becomes so slow.. plxz reduce memory space or make it moveable to sd card developerz plz
Used by teenager to be a filmy hero
good
Ossam app
As far as I am using this app, it is working well. Easy to download and take a prominent place in the social network application.
does not work on Rikomagic MK902 since the latest update. Does not load page - notifications do show, otherwise does not work.
I love kashmir
My phone start to hang when i install it please fix this
my facebook app is changed I hate this this is older..it automatically changed new into old..please checked it
Never had a problem until the last update. Now I'll just be scrolling thru my news feed and it'll kick me off.. saying it isn't responding.. please fix
Nice aap
This last upgrade has slowed performance to unacceptable. Have to uninstall & reinstall daily.  Not happy at all.
t.
I have to dl the messenger to get my messages?? I don't think so! This app is terrible!
Yes
Its been 2 weeks I have been trying to install it but it says it can not be installed due to error-24
I love it............
It will connect all friends
I love this application
I love it
I like it
I think I is okay
I like
Suberb app
I dnt like massanger thn why there is a stupid notification of massanger
Gam
You shouldn't need to download messenger to use facebook!
sooperb
Nice
I like it
Super is cool
Kkkkkk
it takes lot of memory
("STOCK UP"))
Its of great use
Its ful of fun
The and of higth
i cant open my fb now
Nice
Like it
It is so fast and easy...I like it..
I hate the app now and im uninstalling it. Get rid of that new stupid messenger. It was fine the way it was. Put it back
I know that y'all have been trying to fix this and speed it up but then on my phone, Facebook is like a freaking tortoise when it comes to booting up but got to say I like how it gets quick after the initial lag.
Devnarayansoni
Unable to send mesgs through Facebook app. It require messenger.. Why they force us to install 2 apps for same..
It allow to reach far friends in one touch
Takes lot of space in internal memory of phone...
Keep up good works...
Lots bed yhe new app
(Y)
Look through it all .i
islam
Facebook
Is keep download videos in my memory full
Please stop updating fb app. It was working so well before but seriously? You think your update was great? Duh! Like I can even give a negative star for these useless updates!
Excellent choice
Now that the messenger app is out, you should really consider reducing the main app size (i.e. remove the integrated messenger functionality). How am I supposed to install the messenger app when this is using up to 70MB of space?!
This new update sucks. You list the option to unfollow a group but it will not let you unless you unfriend. I don't want to leave a group when all I want is to unfollow so I don't have hundreds of notifications clogging up my system. Fix this mess. SMH
J
Samsung Galaxy s4
This is fuckin bullshit..hate it
Every since the last update it keeps freezing up and it will either close by itself or I have to restart my phone sometimes
I like face book I don't want install masenger
After downloading update it lasts 15 seconds and then crashes EVERY time.  Reinstalled twice with same problems.  C'mon Facebook, this update is garbage.  Uninstalling :(
Very smart application
Cant install on SD card
It is more than anything woooohooooo...
Love the new update. Fast!
But why i cant install it...?
I can't install this app. How can i install this app and this app can't install easily.
Please fix Facebook because it is very difficult to update it because once the update is nearly complete it stops updating
Like Ann orgasam
Eats ram but no problem.. If your phone is rooted then you can end it.. By a cleaner app like clean mastermaster
N
I dont like the messenger
I like it
Hate the message app! I will not use this app! In fact I'm thinking about deleting Facebook all together!
Nice
Oak
IT,S REALLY NICE TO MEET NEW PEOPLE AND PLAY GAMES , JOY K
GOOD app
Hi
NOT Working    it says no connection but my connection has no problem
Martinez
Great
The update
Hi
Amazing
7296bhoo7
To much memory. Its a hog take over 200mbs. On my phone

I can't download my face book why ? always unsufficient
perfect
Keeps freezing
Love u
Do yourself a favor and start using Google plus and Google Hangouts! Facebook is going to continue to let people track us and force us to download more apps. Let's work together to make Facebook no longer a necessary evil.
I love it but it keeps cutting  me off
This app is broken. Also unable to re-install it after uninstall in an attempt to get the app to run stable. Error 503 which I suspect is a Google Server issue?
I'm using my Galaxy S Duos, it takes up more memory. It make the internal memory full. Please make a move. Many people dislike this. Thanks.
Awesome
Don't care what happened yesterday.  Give us the latest postings; or at least an easily accessible option to do so. Stupid can't fix stupid.
Not bad
I just got a new phone with Facebook preinstalled but everytime i try to update it i get the error message 'package file not signed correctly'. Help!
Verry nice apps
It really sucks that it always crashes...each.and.every.time...Fix It Please!
Abutaleb
Love it
Terrible.
It takes memory more than the OG one I cant even watch youtube
Rashidrafiq
Dangerously addictive and invasive to your privacy
I cant download it
Runner
Wonderful
Nice app
My phone overheat! Always tell comment failed tab to retry but the comment not failed when u!
Excellent
I can't call.
Very awsome!
Cool fb on international villagers.
Yup
Good
:)
Seems like is working properly needs some of speed...still faster via Opera mini or Opera Mobile, plus is stupid that we have to download the chat separately, it was fine in the Facebook app, plus it doesn't follow the security settings of your account
Love it
HATE!!HATE!!HATE!! BOYCOTT!!!BOYCOTT!!
Ok
Impressive
Absolutly love it. Thx
Totally sucks!! Loading loading loading! Facebook browser failed!! :P
Bad design
Love it!
Why the hell have to install messenger.  Install messenger but have to use real money juz to activate   this sucks. Make its free again . I give 5 star after that
News feed default should be most recent, not 'top stories' (where do these even come from as they are often days old or from people I rarely connect with on facebook?). Option on right hand side to show 'most recent' does not remain when app is closed/reopened, notification on news feed symbol when page is changed to 'most recent' is not useful and confusing.  Bring back messages on this app, I will not be downloading separate app - will use alternate method of sending messages. Not impressed, facebook :(
It sucks :'(
When I login in this app... Always not responding,,I must to trying so many time... Why??
How can you impose your interest of promoting  fb messenger on us . May be you are threatened by the growing popularity of wats app messenger ?? This sucks
Too much problems after the last update. The app just do not responds and stops unexpectedly. I asked my friends to check that my device was alright. But they too have the same problem. Plase fix and I will give 5 stars
Awesome
Disini... semua kenangan terbuka lagi, berjumpa teman lama dan bernolstagia
Selvam
I can't move it to my sd card and it takes all my memory. I can't even have one other app with it. Used to have all kinds of stuff on my phone but after I updated it took up 50mb and I had to delete it
Really superb
Nice
Itz again nd again showing error while installing.!!
The easiest way to connect to facebook. 5 star rated.
GooD..
Zaboora
I can't see my friend profile pic..
S5
Keep our friends more close...
Really superb apps in the whole universe
The app will just close at random times. Whenever i go to a friends page, it will open it then the app closes. Facebook does not do this when i go to it through chrome, just when i use the app.
Great
Good
Its slow, can't just play posted videos have to down load and takes a lot of memory oh yeah and cant tag people in posts
Smart
This app uses more ram internal memory than whatsapp, wechat, line                and cant move to sd
please... your give me new in fb because have old but don't like
Hhmm
C'mon its facebook. What else do I have to say? 1 billion downloads speaks for itself. Takes up all my space and can't move to SD card. 4 stars for that.
First they force you to install messenger, then this app wanted permission to read my text messages, view my pictures, calendar, email, etc... this is absurd, so I deleted it.  Facebook, shame on you!
facebook
Sucks
Between the user-surly spinoff of all message functionality and the grey screen of lag that greets me upon my return from any outside link, this app has crossed the line from "quirky but adequate" to actively annoying. It feels like a harbinger of decline for the entire Facebook platform.
This app invades your privacy, takes up excessive amounts of memory and the messenger addon is completely unnecessary and ridiculous. I'll just use my browser from now on.
It is fantastic.... And I love this app cz its really works properly....

so good
Worst app,  take too much time for every movement
Just WTH is wrong with Facebook forcing everyone to install that messanger?I don't want to install that app, please bring the facebook app.
Very good aps
El Rosario caminante
Suprr
Good apps
We have to the intended recipient
Social
I can see improvement:p and why the messanger?stopbthat non sense
I don't like that people can share your pictures and videos.... Please do something about that!!!!!!!
Why i nd to install messaganger.... :-(
The facebook toke many space
Facebook
Fulp of errors
Freezes and or kicks me to my desktop. US Cellular Samsung Galaxy Note II Android 4.3 Facebook ver. 16.0.0.20.15
I have a galaxy s2 and HAD your newest version, it all of a sudden stopped working. the only option I had after restarting my phone was to uninstall and reinstall. Then it made me take an OLDER version that was original to the phone. Facebook even said here is an older version for you to use, we automatically gave you what we thought is the best for your model phone. Well if I could give you no stars I would... UNinstalling now thanks.
if facebook app install .the internal memory gets full. plz reduce its mb . then i will 5 star
Sherinshabu
Why would you idiots force us to download messager to check messages? Just make it go back to the way it was before.
Good social media indeed...
After the latest update I have had nothing but trouble with this app. It worked great before. Installed on Samsung Note 3
J
I cant see my messages in facebook cause i need to download messenger app but the app is not compatible with my device Please fix this
Love it !!!
I try to go to my page, my friends pages, i try to share something, and the app closes please fix this problem
Raised the stars back up since messenger is working on the normal FB app again for me. Hope it's not a limited time thing.
Very perfectly
Cannot play video by using mobile internet
Why i cannot update this facbook and messanger
I already checked my message and then later on I go back to facebook and the message nofitication is on 1 with red background again all over and over fix that mark
Hay hameny games do you have
Sear
Alred
Terrible. Needs old messenger back
To much space!!!!
Every few minutes it'll freeze. It's getting old. HTC one max
Gopal
Fa q
Why getting SLOW when I started to updated it..I regret! !
I'm sorry I lost some of what I liked, like syncing my friends with contacts on my phone but the invasion of privacy is too much. The ability to take over my phone and record and send messages without my knowledge that look like they come from me was the last straw. When an app makes me paranoid, its time for it to go.
Maganda sya kaso mas maganda ung dati
Yeah.
It gives me late posts like it says posted on mon. On my freinds status pls. Fix and i will give you бябябябябя
V v good
It takes so much time
Pop dog
The fb app is not installed in my samsung galaxy tablet
Owesom appliction I am in love

Facebook
like
I love,facebook very much
Lovely app
khan
It stops n freezes every 5 min
New version
Keep bug, close it's self.
I can't log in. But in the browser its okay. But why i can't log in ? In these app?
Great
:) :D
mkya
I love Facebook
sangat baik
Lai bhari
The space it takes up is too dang high!
Its amazing
Good n thanks
Love it
Every time I try to go to a friend's profile, the app crashes. Uninstalling. Thanks for screwing up the app, Facebook.
Good
Bhavdip
Good need to do sumthng special with ur interface.......
Not bad ok
Love it
hari dhakal
Swt
Fecbook
Cepat mudah
facebook
chee mabre
Messenger..why not anstall my messenger wht somthing wrong
Good
Super
:)
I like
Please some changes Ex: moved to SD card
Do not download the Facebook because it will makes you want it every time
NOT Working    it says no connection but my connection has no problem
Like it
Like

:-)
It sucks balls
Stupid app
goodd
Very usefull
Pp
I cant download the new. Version!!!
Can't move to sd card
Love
Needs lot of improvements
Can't download pics from inbox please fix this many people have same problem like mine! Thanks!
Good
Lovely
You force me to install FB messenger, you disable my ability to access messages without it, for that you are now uninstalled.
its stuck all the time and sometime its logout itself so i need to log in again...fix plc
Great
Facebook is forced to close down many times a day... Was not facing this with the earlier version... Pls help
It's ok
Good
Sherif El Sheikh
Frequently crash...
I've had it before and had some problems so I uninstalled it and tried to reinstall it, every time I try to reinstall it downloads about 99% and then says there is an error. I've tried multiple times and it still won't work. Also, why on earth do we have to have a separate app for messaging? That's so stupid, I hate it. It was much better when we could just message on our app and didn't have to worry about getting another app just to message people on.
big ram size of MB
Feed won't refresh at all.. Just displaying  message saying " no secure connection " pl help
Thanks   Hellowm
Time pass
When someone logs in to fb in my phone i cant log into my account anymore...dis problem has  to b checked plsss...cus i av to uninstall nd install agn...which is bad
Nice
Ok nice
Keeps running even if I do not want it to...and... why should I have to dwld another app for the chat?
This app simply doesn't make sense. Old "top stories", the additional messenger app, the memory hogging...Facebook, with all of the experience you have working for you, this app should function far better than it does. How about making the "most recent" the top news? How about letting us see the feeds of the friends pages we frequently view? Don't select them for me. Or make the app more simple, so I can do it myself.
Like
App.
Keeps closing off constantly. I hate it
Attempt to uninstall and install again .it will be not need to install FBM
This app takes up too much space and memory and it won't store on the sd card. Thus needs to be fixed
We love this look of Facebook
With the Facebook Messenger adding so many permisions that can cost you money, I checked Facebook and found it can make phone calls...what's to stop a hacker from having it dial 1-900 numbers and costing me real world money. Uninstalled on mobile until that is removed. We want light versions of apps like Twitter and Facebook that don't risk costing us money with phone calls, changing network conectivity (turning on mobile data), and sms access permissions, I personally don't care about the privacy stuff but I won't take risks with my limited finances.
Very nice
Good
X boleh nak bukak woll
Totally sucks!!
Facebook error?
Technology at its best
Feels good to keep in touch
Loved it
My face book..
Bt dawonld ni hota hai
Amezing
I want the old facebook i dont want this
slow
Agood app
I uninstalled the app and attempted to re-install. Error 503. This app is broken.
Cool
The new update is great! The new look is also solid, and the video player is fast and beautiful!
455
Best application for smart phone
Arun
it wont downdload..always to appear as unknown error!!!!!!!
Vicky
Bad app!
B
Romantic fantastic
Nice application
I won't install Facebook messenger.  No.  Forget about it.
I just loved it. .
No Fast , no speed
Loved it
My photos don't load
i like facebook but i don't like the messenger so please don't force to get your messenger
Beatifull and nice
Its say that it is faster than ever but  it is  very very very very slow .it  hanging the other app
Good
Terbaik
for social net..
I like facebok
facebook
Shyam. Mishra
I changed my password and since then  I can't login to my account through my Facebook app.  It tells me the password is incorrect. But I login to my account through my browser and  it accepts the Same password that the Facebook app refuses to accept and log me in. Pls work on this. Update the Facebook app so I can access my account. Thanks
Sick to death of all the updates and changes...
Uninstalling
All I have to do is scroll past a video on my news feed and the whole app freezes.  Absolutely horrendous.
Please update my facebook
Since the last update very unstable crashes on a regular basis was solid before the update can we have a fix please
A very good app
It's awesome I lv it
I am a beautiful person. The comments for your help. I have a look at the moment. The comments for your hel
It is the best and super way of keeping in touch with not only friends but all activities in this world. Thank you
good to make update for old androids but not works pic uploading
Blah blah blah. Blah blah blah blah, blah blah blah. Blah blah, blah blah blah. Blah blah blah!
Its slow
When I open the app, it shows past posts sometime I found it important, sometime not, but I dont care whether it's important or not. The problem is the page begin to auto refresh before I finish read the posts and suddenly the past posts drown in the timeline replaced with new posts and it takes a while to find it. I think you have to fix it! It's bother me a lot!
081995868
ok
Dislike for making me unable to see messages unless i download the stupid app for it
This is  my favorite  application  i every  time  using
Yea for my phone back to the original!!!!
quив chивn
I cant move it to my sd ...this is crap
sexy hahahaha
fatumaal
Very Good
the best application
Nice
Still u r not listening to ur users!!! >_< Discusting!!
Khushi
Xeikb
Very good
Not k
This App is such a waste of time...
Please ...
Provide us last Facebook App...
I like tat qrhan
Its slow
Sucks all the time with space
great
Its the worst update ever made by fb app. Can't even share one pic. No selection option. more slower than previous versions. Friends don't update.
It says no network check your date and time please help
Thnks fr d new designn. <3
it always freezes when I'm scrolling down its so annoying!!!
Still not upto the mark..disappointing by Facebook standards. Browsing on web browser is much better.
Interesting
420 blaze it fgt Darude sandstorm dislike.this.if ur from illuminati /@\
Good luck
Nice to use this app ,,,thanks ;)
Ok
Old version plz
Sometimes my FB APP doesnt responding...please fik it ok ?
so many bugs, its always hanging! not happy with it!... =_=
Appu
Facebook
App only shows what people like not what they post. Shows old stories. Only shows a selected few not anyone. On selections on news feed it only has one option - Most Recent. Most recent was 2 days ago. Not happy. Really dodgy app. I also have most updated app....
Goob
Very nice
It is a great application
BEST
Uuuiiiu
I like
Good ameging
Nice apps
I hate I cant do anything because the app constantly kicks me out..just about immediately! Takes up too much space on my phone! My entire phone delays on everything it does now!! I wish I could uninstall this app, but my phone won't allow it! >__< #VerrryUnhappyyy! Oh, & even if I wanted to go on facebook, it won't let me.. It's just saying "setting up facebook" f*** this app!
Facebook
Quicker to look for people & download pictures.
Why can I not view my private messages without being asked if I want to download the fb messenger I don't want that as a separate app and it is annoying to have to long on to a p.c to view messages that I should be able to view FREELY without feeling forced to download an app that I DO NOT WANT! Fix it
Cant play video.. Keeps on crashing.. Pls fix this. Thanks.
Great apps.
The app is just awsme and i liked it a lot.. Its so user friendly... Bt after a recent update.. It is getting hanged....:(
Assume keeps me in touch with everyone ..
Needs improvement..very slow
I like it
I really hate this old fb app! I cant this app to Sd card >< Please fix this problem ASAP!
Loll 2 indians in the notifications ;)
I like this
Good
Im happy to facebook
Total rubbish!
very slow download takes up alota space
Love all
Nice app
After the last update, the app takes forever to open.
Nice
gud for fb
I hope you can develop a way for us to see the top comment.
Johanna Toivo
It's better than better
Nice
:-) :-)
Pandi
what happen to the graphics? i install facebook on my phone but the graphics is like an older version.
Time pass k liye faadu h boos
Facebook can't be download due to 498 error
Nice application
Made the mistake of updating FB - huge let down. you can't sort stories by Most Recent; stories only flow by Most Popular or Trending or whatever the eff it's called. I see where such a sort would be nice, but losing the option to choose is a major disappointment. Other features probably good - don't care, am likely to uninstall and just use browser. You really dropped the ball, Facebook.
None
Why do I need to up load an other app for messenger??? I don't like this any more sh##
I am feeling so annoyed these days. Why did u guys remove the chat system and make us download the Messenger. Some of us dont need that app. Unless u get that back or I will think this is the worst app ever.
Very aggressive
My Facebook app force closes on my HTC desire 816. Plzz fix it
Easy to use
This app is waste of time..better to get on goggle for Facebook..no need to create this app..it's dead
Facebook
Why can't I see top comments??  The app is super good otherwise.... Please add this feature.
Thnx
Well&important
I want the new version not the old one -.-
daw hangag lang ko sang download....hehehe
Ravat
This turn notification on/ off feature is not just doing it for me. Please fix
Its okay.. but its always back to menu.. it felt embarrassed. To me.. ugh.. please fix it! :(
Lovely..so very good to the fb
Sometimes its slow.
Okay
Super
get it
so fixed it fast
I've got FB running on an S5 and it's the only app that successfully grinds it to a halt and freezes up. WTF?
Easy to connect
Radi ok :)
Its a good app that you can post picture play games and more!
U can't compel us to install messenger...and this app takes a lots of time to set up every time i open it...
I just uninstalled the app cuz the old version was talking up too much space and this new version I really like it but it takes a bit of time to load also  I miss clicking a picture that takes up your entire screen if that could be added I would give it a 5 :)
Lovers it
Love it
Love new version but this is for older version ... Why u again do this old fb :-(
Connecting people
I love facebook
This app is still heavy, please make a lighter one, so i can save more ram
Facebook huge
no good this new version can't save pictures.....and to much disturb massanger why like that no good new facebook ...
This app is very slow..as a slow loading, slow open frnd request accept etc..plz solve this problem
Nice
.. i cant use it betterly
Lovv
Pastora
Nice update, but i wan dont wan the Top News feed! I log on facebook for latest info, MOST RECENT info, not top news! If i wan top news, i will search by myself!
this is so useless we can update status and news feed try to make it for chat also for chat we have to download Messenger also separately this is so useless
Great
love it verry fast facebook
Mohd.rafisaheb
Y need to download Messenger
Fb
My world
ahead Pakistani
Awesome application But it's taken to much space in Phone
Just wow
FACEBOOK
Please fix this >.<
After last update it freezes up as I scroll down.
I am not impressed with the old version of facebook app on my samsung galaxy ace.
Occupy very much space             but nice app
good
Sucks
Facebook
I don't like the old facebook apps how can i update the new one back ?
Multiuses and informatin through facebook is uncomparable.
I want kick and it gives me kick
Ok
Happy
Good
Facebook
Did you know Facebook sells all of your personal info to big corporation's and 5 eyes alliance
Good
LIKES THE NEW FEATURES
Problem in pic uplod always show error in uplod my news feed
Speak the word of God it will cme true it has happened to me l am in a joyous marriage it is from God l am happily married
Spy
Faster
Abcd
good
BANGLADESH
Vishal
Love it!
Very good spp
App
Make it smaller size in mb guy's nice dude
Old version of fb
Tanks to facebook
C
Rahman
Oke

Not even working app is useless wont load keeps freezing takes up too much room and cant see messages without app
Olwayz rock
Thanks facebook
I have the fb
Takes too much space
Good
fellas
Trust
I love fb its great I can keep in contact with friends and family all around the world TOTALLY DOWNLOAD
Best app but please tell me how to use
Would like to update it back to the one i had before as shown in the pictures up top please.
I love it. Very fast..
I love facebook
Very nice
Waw machan niyamai. Asa hitenawa
Wonderful
nice
Make it a less space consumer
New version is no doubt very improved, but still its slow on loading images. Videos are well handled. I heartly wanted to give 5 stars because for the imptovments, but speed is still an issue.
Now slow
Little more to improve.....
60 MB space. are you serious Facebook? plus why to download another App for messaging.?
Coimbotore
Terrible. Slow, blocks all the time. cant post anything.. What have you people done?? My life is ruined!
@Terima Kasih Banyak Smua#
Very fast facebook
:)
Battery killer
Simple and easy
Love it yea
I just see the mb of fb it is 41.36 now its 1.20 its not like the one i downloaded fix it or slender come faster now
I love facebook..
Super the best
Nice
I can't log in. Please do fix this right away! Thanks 
Sering Eror
Super irritated with how slow Facebook is and I would really like to be able to see most recent on my news feed. Even if I go to the most recent option it takes me weeks back. And regular news feed is the same stuff. It's super irritating so please fix this.
its a nice app
Its taking up most of my memery and making my phone really slow!!! :\
Gud app
The app is fast and easy to use any one that is asome
This is sooo cool but why do you have to download messenger?? Please make it back to normal!! And ill give 5 stas :)
Dixon.dallar
I've tried so many times but it just shut downs after loading......... I do really love Facebook. So please fix this....... I'll rate up big if this is fix...... Thanks!   Love, Roan<3
Better
Low speed
Very good
Profile photos section isn't rotating horizontally, and this is annoying!
I like fb bt not in mob.
Gaddam
After some time the app will prevent you from sending or viewing any facebook messages unless you install the piece of afternoon delight messenger app. BS!
nice to glance.
Wowi
The videos will not play on my phone android, been a problem for a while now but it's got to the point where they just won't even play now it needs sorting quickly
Good
No bugs
Why can't facebook make small sized software it kills all memory
An excellent way to remain in touch with whole world and loved one's. Great Application
Facebook is back to being garbage as usual....location ain't working....pics don't want to update
Make me so difficult
Its so good
The best
Lavina
Installed... phone crashed ..restart try again... doesnt even open... crash.... restart... uninstall. That was the end of that!
Every time you update this app i always have probkems with watching videos, runing slow and crashing sort it out plz
Very good verson for my samsung galexy phone
ORHAN ELATAS
I cant play video from youtube, there is sound but no visual. Plz fix it thnx!
Great
Fabulous
Twitter app is better then this good for nothing app takes lots of ram and space
I love this ap
I love my puwet because puwet
Excited
Haha

Got Sony z phone and since update it's lagging all the time.cannot play most videos on Facebook and is overheating my phone. Please sort this app out
I cant like posts in ma accnt !!!! Weneva i like it... It shows a msg as blocked and reads that"this activity is deemed as abusive or it is disallowed " i dont know why ? Plz fix it ! Overall itz gr8..! Plz helpme..fix it
I like
Amazing!!!!
Consumes a lot of memory.
Pls fix some more cause it takes to much space and it lags and delay thats all plss fix plss plsss plsss plsss ^_^ and thank u very much wish u guys luck ^_^
Everytime i use my messenger ang switch to fb, got error not responding.
Facebook
Facebook use much ram than before :(
Jai rajputana
I loved this app but while installing it stops at middle only and starts it's own and is very slow.
Good
old version was very good.... 5 stars for old
Easily 4 connecting social activities
So much wrong with the new up. If things aren't broke, don't fix them!
Where is Voice message
Jesse
Works PERFECTLY With My Samung Tab 2
Startin' to hate this because of that fb messenger. Can anybody tell why do we really need to download that sh*t? That doesn't make any sense at all.
Kul company
Sayan
Very Best
Best
Its best friend to lonely person
fast ever
Blank screen everytime Youtube videos are being shared on Facebook after recent updates.Please FIX it !!!
Nic
Its jst a worst app i evr saw.
Amazing
Nice
Super duper
But nvr force us to install messenger k plzz its hell
Nice
I like this softwer
Beautiful
Very gdd.
This update sucks because location tagging doesn't work on my Sony Xperia anymore. Until you fix this issue, I will not be using this update. Please stop automatically updating as well.
After update.. itz open in previous version.. plz fix it
Oh no......
Like it, but why always updating
It keeps saying Facebook is not responding. Please fix this issue!!!
Smart.fast.quick hierarchy
Please bring back the message on fb bc My device is not compatible with fb messenger
Cause one direction arent there +its all tp. No onw mature is there on it
Supab....
It's sooooooo slow, I can't stand it. Please do something quick
A way to talk to my family
Ilke
Good
Galaxy s3
Can't message.. I uninstalled the messenger once I found out about the privacy issuses
I love it
It should be like desktop page not mobile page
Arun singh
The last update force you to open links on Facebook... Just like the ios version.... It's slow. And kills the battery... Aaaand again so slow...... Plus It crashs a lot! & Update almost weekly, and as a developer I know that you guys only updating it to hide the emberssing gletchs in it! Comon. You make a lot of money, so spend some of it here.... It's your own app for God seak!
I deleted this a month ago because it was too big for my phone. Thank you devs for making it oh so perfect for everyone.
This app is so amazing
Great
Can't see recent feeds WTF
Fb creators....you're pushing it, forcing people to download the app and now fb isn't even loading at all
Baiter
So bad
Its good new version
This app is based on new phone with the built in memory and is not recommended for the phone with SD storage
May
Rly......awsme pic
Amazing.This is an incredible app.Just loving this.
This app is very easy and fast coment n  photo share
neeru
Good
Excelent
On tapping "CONTINUE READING", when I return, it comes back to news feed....
But it annoys me sometimes always stopping
jitendra shinde
Simply put, FB needs a UX department. If they have one, they need to be fired (or the management team that doesn't listen to them needs to be).
Facebook password
No longer works. Latest update - still does not work - please resolve.
hi
Facebook not work in my mobile. Please replay in facebook worker.
I like it
Awesome
ok
Looks new
Niceone
d
(:
I like it
It's the best
E every b
You can talk what you want
Loved it
More information about you
Awesome application  man too fast
I cant do anything on my phone because the cache an cookies take up every bit of memory in my phone, hope facebook goes out of business
Checking its showing thats its only 1.48 mb
Very good app
I like
Ok
My facebook always stops
The more its updated-the more i hate it.
Terbaik utk curhat yg sensitif
I don't want messenger and now it won't let me access my messages even after reading the sales pitch. Now I have to go online to use all FB features.  App nerds you suck
Rajdipbiswas575
Good
Niceness
It keeps shutting off every minute
Don't like fb massager download also for massages. All should in one app.
Keeps shutting down on my galaxy tab 3...it never used to!
Nice app
Fun though
awesome
Dope
Love it
Fix please :/  it wont let me edit my post and i cant move this app to my sd card..my internal phone memory are full and i cant recieve any message because it tells me  my incoming message are rejected..because of too much memory used of this new fb app. Settings..i dont like this any way :( :/ :(
Why i can't save photo to my gallery in fb chat???
Nice
I love it
Pls.  Fix it,, then i'll give it 5 star..
Awesome
I did love the facebook app until it said that I couldn't view my messages unless I downloaded messenger I don't want no stupid messenger when you change it back ill gladly get this app back but until then I change my vote to 1 star!
I like very much
WatarProofing wrk
Good
Like it
Good
God's Creation
So nice
Every time i try to see a friend's page or post something, it crashes. I tried uninstalling and reinstalling, but, same problem. I hope it will get fixed. This didn't happen until it updated a couple of weeks ago.
It keeps me updated everytime..
I love it. .
Hi fb, I am using sony Xperia e1 dual with 4.4.2 android version. Facebook app is not supported on my device. Please resolve the problem ASAP.
Good
Good.
V.v.nice
Sometimes the app will freeze and stop working or else it would freeze my whole phone to where I have to restart it all. Fix this then I'll have no problem!
Updated version
News
This app drains my battery and is using way too much of my CPU , hope you fix it soon!
I used to love it but I now realize its terrible. It takes up too much space on my phone, it wants full access and control to everything on my phone, I deleted and tried to reinstall but it gave me an error message instead. Its bogus! Not happy
Facebook
I don't like this update why can't I move it to my SD card
lovely
takes up way too much space
Facebook
New version would be better if it didn't crash every 10 minutes. Makes me scared to check my notifications and messages now.
I've uninstalled and it's still taking up memory on my phone
Nice app..update in sept 2014
Some better
Very good
Katj
You don't have to download messenger!!if you just go to fb from your browser you can respond to messages!! Might as well delete the mobile app too because of how intrusive the permissions are and go back to checking fb through the internet browser to avoid all of the invasion of privacy jus sayin...
very nice
Facebook
Just updated today and it constantly crashes

facebook is very nice.. .thats all loved it..
Let me get rid of the messenger!
Freezes, locks up, and needs to know to much info and have to many ways to spy on people
This app high speed and use to easy .
I love
Rock n Roll
Ready to delete fb off my phone for good. Stupid that you have to have messenger on your phone to look at messages. Total invasion of privacy.
Facebook causes the video recording to freeze and cause a server error and locks up the video camera after about 3 minutes of recording and then you lose what you have recorded to that point. Screen go blank then you have to force it to close and restart. I un-install Facebook and video camera then works fine. This needs to be fixed ASAP!
After every improvement it only gets worse.  My sync settings dont save so have to update them every time! !! I miss birthdays n events. Absolute rubbish fb!!!
News feed doesn't update right same with notifications when someone comments or likes. Constantly stuck on old feeds. Click "most recent" see posts from last week. Had to uninstall causing issues with SDcard. Don't need to be on fb bad enough to deal with these issues
I'm live this......
Support ninja
hndi ma download messenger.
So good
Great Faster ....
Cool
I like facebook becouse make know another information
Fb is the most of popular social media,  like alll!!!
Mr positive..
Nice change....NOT! the app keeps getting bigger making it impossible to store any other apps on my phone because your app size is out there a bit...... Not happy at all.  :-(
Please let me download and install facebook on my android phone
not bad
As of today, video posts are black. Also, I hate the way it now refeshes me back to the start of my newsfeed - most annoying.
Fxxx ya
Fantactic
Is the best
freeze up all the time.
I feel like I don't want to have Facebook App on my Phone anymore. Why us users are required to must install messenger when I hate it?
Hai
Used to love the app, and update. But now I can't see my messages without the stupid messenger app. Sooo, I uninstalled this and get on Fb via browser. Smh stupid app
The updates make my phone slower and make it force close.
Fun
Used to love it. Messenger app ruined the use of it. Using browser from now on and uninstalling this thing.
Bahut hi acha.
This app is closing while working on it many times.
Good
Every time I get back on facebook, I am notified that I have to log back on. My password is never right. Actually it is right. Can someone help me.
Have a xperia mini pro and had a xperia sk17i before this phone. And i think it's the WORSE!APP EVER!  It is so slow or it don't load at all.awful app
Please fix plz Samsung galaxy S3. I have uninstalled the app multiple times still won't fix it.
Best
This app is very cool app
Its a easy way to maintain communications w others without hassle .
Updated Anytime
It's not even working. It won't even let me login
It refuses to install on my Note 3. Says there is an installation error 24
I love connecting with friends
Anit Kumar Padhan
The app suck i have re install the app to just change accounts because it would keep logging me off
super
I don't like this app i can't make a call and so slow
So wonderful
Babulalsihag
Why can't I watch videos my friends post? There is no setting to turn on. I'm furious!!! Haven't been able to for months!
With that stupid messenger
For some reason I am unable to update this app... Suxxx! Too bad.
Slow
Ok
Affordable
Except I got hacked 
Uninstall
Sela
Why do I need two Facebook apps and they won't get off at all
Takes up WAY too much storage space! BEWARE!
Its really good
Rac
I don't like it because of installing takes lots of space and it's acts as a complementary app whereby both messanger and fb app
Iam on Facebook from last 3 year ist realy awesome its really very easy way to connect the world
Excellent
Blue
Why Full data use in Internal Memory??? It's to bad for us. Pls do sum thing.
I DON'T LIKED FACEBOOK MESSENGER.
Nice 1
To much slow
Its ok way to much updating
Apna. fessbook. zindabad.
It won't even let me update .
Apps keeps crashing for me, very poor app. And i used to like FB before it decided to control our freedom. VERY UNSATISFIED!!!!
The latest update made my photos seem like in bad quality. I thought maybe it was because of the rom i used (yes, im rooted). Now, i did a hard reset, back to normal. An old version of fb was installed and my photos looked great. But when i updated it, all the photos are in bad reso. Pls do fix this. And btw, messenger app sucks.
Dhannnnsuuuuuu
Don't want second messenger app, no default Most Recent option (seriously, I haven't seen a single person praise the Top Stories option), and now notifications don't show at the top of the page. I understand you may have your reasons for these changes but listen to your customers for once.
Facebook is superb
Can be improved,worst thing is it takes up too much space
I can't get on the app without it crashing every 30 seconds
Does a good job of notifying me
Good
Goooood
This app sucks! I have uninstalled and reinstalled in order to get this app to work..I have an S5 phone! Why do you keep updating when updates don't work!
Love it. Great communication.
Simplify
I like everything about facebook app.. but how can i add a life event?
My Favorite Page all that time<3<3<3<3<3<3
COOL
Don't want the new messenger and can't get most recent posts on news feed
Allows to much outside access to private devices.
i love it
I am hiding all pictures in folder but it becomes 0bytes
Ive been using facebook for a long time and its awesome. Althought its awesome, it takes up so much internal storage space.
i dint like it because you have to have the messenger app
Nice
Its a really helpful app
FB is getting better!!
Cool
After recent firmware update, keeps closing and bringing me back to the home screen
Why can't I get the code to open my account
I really dont like he messenger.
NiCe
Tired of having to sign in all the time and saving to sd card the games, also,  being charged for games and can't get it reversed. Nothing like the old Facebook and Farmville,  etc.
Don't think you should have to have messenger to leave a message
Don't like to have to down load messenger at all it sucks i should have the right to choose if I want it or not
I don't want to install massanger !!!!!!!!
I still can't watch videos on the moble app! Fix it!
Hate it can't login
Internet is much clearer & faster than the app.
Gr8 nd high uploding
I refuse to download messenger beacause I've been told the NSA targets it so you'll get better rating when you get tired of people hating messenger
I fkn hate messenger
The facebook is so slow in loading and it needs to be updated frequently. It take too much space in my hp causing me to not install other apps
A lot of error occurs
Shouldn't have to download another app just to see my private messages.
Able to find friends at a touch of the button
App keeps resetting itself while I'm going through my feed. Also not happy that I had to download messenger to talk to people. I had deleted it before because it never worked.
Cant see any postings. 2 of mine from days ago. And 1 other person's that wont delete. Suckssssss
I like it
Hsve made many friends both new ones & old ones. Can catch up on whats happening with family.
It is slow in my mobile
Takes up waaaaay to much space. I will not have invasion of my private messages. My wifi is connected yet error loding newsfeed 90% of the time.
Awesom
NICE
than app.before it. cous'd the older_faster data than it. i can't imagen how if it with a smaller capacity? I'm sure it will suck_may be right if i give 0 point for it  suck!
Good
Amazing
Love It!
Great app
Awesome
But the reasons why ask me to kept on updating..
Hg
There is no option to give half star or i would have. Almost 80mb of ram it is using and now forcing messenger app, that too is using 30 mb!!!
Good
No words to say ... Can upload vid
I can't click on any of the links without the app closing. So annoying.  Sent an error report,  no improvement or response.
Please use this in helpfull way
Facebook
Because when updating this. Tommorow it doesnt updating
this is so very helf to the country
I dont like messenger!
Ok
Before FB started doin constant updates id have given a higher rating. But now every time i go to do ANYTHING on the app, it closes itself out or restarts itself constantly. This is getting really aggrivating, to the point im ready to say FU FB!i even tried uninstalling updates n reinstalling n still does it!pleasr fix this ASAP!i no im not the only one havin this problem either!
Like
Would like to update it back to the one i had before as shown in the pictures up top please.
I still can't turn off notifications for most posts that I've commented on and it's getting very annoying. Fix this and I'll change my rating to 5 stars
When im sign in,after a few minute running, the application auto close..i hate when this is no function in my samsung tab3.0..is stack u know..why is happen...hope u will try find the solution.
Posts are all over the place. I cant stand how I will have lots of posts a week old mixed in with current posts. Also every time posts update when I am looking at one change then I cant find the one I was looking at. This is very annoying. Please fix and then maybe I can rate higher.
Can't believe what all Facebook gains access to. Uninstalled!
Ugu
Lovely app

Good
Superbly
good
I hate Facebook but it's kind of a necessary app now... So retarded.
Facebook needs to read these reviews...doesn't nobody want Facebook messenger and the newsfeed is screwed up it shows recent and days old right under eachother
Mr.Florida
But we cant reply to comments.Cant copy text. Please fix those.
I love it fb.
Srijeet
I get all these apps and it does not work
Having to move to the messenger app is ridiculous. After hearing about how it could do all this stuff when your not even actually doing it made me hatebfacebook all together. If i ever use it it'll defiantly be on a private computer so Facebook isn't doing what it wants when it wants
Messed it up with messenger
I dont like it having access to everything on my phone
Don't like that I have to use Messenger.  Thinking of getting rid of Facebook all together.  Don't work half the time always having problems.  Can't install words with friends.  Keep getting weird codes.
I am not going to download the messenger app.  Stop trying to force me to!  I'm close to deleting the app because of this.
Panget
Sucks stupid messsager app
Now evrytime i watch a video it freeze smh i thout it was my phone but this is a new phone and its doin tha same way....videos freezing up..... 9/8/14...plze fix fb evrytime i log on and watch ah video itz constantly freezing up....i feel like jzt deleten tha app cnt enjoy haven it anyway
Never had so many problems with the force close bs its crap!!!
Because it automatically plays clips, my data goes through the roof. You need to change it back and get rid of messenger.
Cox
ok
wonder
Ets sooooo swagalicious  XD
Richelle
I dislike the upgrade, why can't I see recent posts? Why the IPhone look for my HTC? #Laaaaame
Good
Awsome
Its good brw  for us

Look at the permissions on FB. It's not just messenger that can edit your txt and charge you for calls you didn't make. This app can do the same....down with Facebook back to my space and bebo.
Punjabi
This new update sucks so much,I am not able to open links on my internet browser, instead I have to access links through facebook and the videos dont load
Can no longer use PM without the messenger app
Some is funny,some is sad
Loaded that stupid messenger and it screwed up Facebook. Tried to reinstall Facebook and got this 22 error. Now an error -24 wonderful!!!!
Facebook may be a outstanding account if you are able to stay connected. This account during the 9 months I've been trying to stay with always surprises me because one day everything will be working GREAT. The next day or later in the DAY I will be forced into SIGN IN AGAIN. THIS is a problem with FACEBOOK that continues on and on.  Also one password will work the FIRST time, but the next time you are reg urged to create a new password.
Fix it please
Best app i have ever used
I love it
Don't think it works well letting you sign up or sign in!!!
Best way
why not update my facebook
Love Facebook why people complain to much
Love it
awesome app.
I cant log in to fb. If you fix this ill give you 5 stars
Itz make me happy..!!
Gud
Excellent
I cannot play any video in Facebook. I wonder why, because I already restarted my phone several times. But I still can't play any video
I'm young but not dumb
Grand

I am Not going to download another app (that invades our privacy) just to view my messages. I'll stick to Whatsapp. Oh wait, you own that too.
File is way too big....need the option to move to sd card
Spontaneously.  I noticed especially when I scroll through large photos or videos.  I am using a Samsung Galaxy Tab.  Very annoying!
Nice app to see and great app to apply
Takes to much memory!  Cant view message without a whole other app just went way down hill fast!
Me gusta
great..
App wont install after operating system on tablet
Excellent
Excellent Application

Every time I try to post a vid it takes me back to home screen and won't let me use it
Goodeevding
Yeah it's ok
like this
It gets stuck because of the video preview players
I'm so glad I deleted Facebook and haven't been on in almost 6 months! It's nothing but public access drama! It's a Government controlled social media disease...wake up people...visit a friend at their house and have some real "face time"! Don't be "face-hookers" lmao...
Manteppp cool i like it
I can't move it on sd card >.<
Won't go moore than 5 minutes without crashing on galaxy tab 10.1 with Kit Kat
So sick of the freezing its unreal. 1 billion downloads and they can't keep it from screwing up your phone for 5 min if it closes unexpectedly.
It pretty much sucks now bye facebook app!
When I updated , all pics are lost their clarity, all pics  became blur even hd pics ... Please fix this
Lovely
Please remove the whole download messenger thing to chat... I should be able to send messages without having to download any other app -.-
..by all the time i mean every single time i open and use the app. i have to restart my phone for it to function normally and i think it's not good to turn your phone on and off all the time. a dialog box always appear telling me that the app has undergone problems and needs to "forced close" please fix this
Good
Its a better and fasterway to get in touch with all my friends and family
The app is good but I can't change my school or city if I move or somthing so can you guys fix it plz
Slows my phone down by playing the videos automatically I really don't like it will soon be uninstalling this app if it's not updated
Voip
N=a/
It s really fast and more fun i like
Too much space and memory
best app ever
Ok to
It could be better. But it's not that bad
tow truck
so cools
Want to improve not fast yet
Lets see whats bout to happen
Takes up too much space, too much data, too much memory.
Gudu
After update darn thing keeps crashing and takes up to much ram
Love it
i love this app
The new Facebook is very important. Bring the old Facebook back 
It was good earlier but with recent updates,it is sucking too much of RAM. Facebook inc. must do something in this regard. Even it almost made my phone hell. Luckily Uninstalled it on time.
Makeing my family worst
messenger not practical
Very slow.
I cant downloud video
Swift asf
why i can't view my facebook chat since i have been updatedг┐
This suck
Helpful
Wonderful
I just like it
Facebook
once you open the apps it will restart ..
Very slow needs work cannot play any videos very poor app
Star
bihar
nce
love it
I'm using a high-end tablet and Facebook refuses to respond, practically forcing me to use an app which asks for very suspicious permissions simply because it's the only thing that's going to work on Android.
I just update this fb but I don't know it will change style . It look like messenger style.I'm also don't want install messenger I don't like messenger style . It need a lot of space in my phone . I can't save picture in chat like old version .now I was unstall it .I want to relax use fb because of  it . Please change become to old version for us I will install latter time
Nice
it dont show me when i have messages
I tried changing my basic info but it won't save.
B
Boring
Part ao life    save money     save time  call any time othar meny things so best
The facebook app is pretty good, it just that when you messenger someone, it has a lot of echoes.
Very nice
Superb

arthur
Nice update
I would die without Facebook
Amor Hacia mi JEHOVA,SHALOM
Newest update is painfully slow. News feed will not refresh, pictures will not load. Visually appealing app, but if it wont display content, it is useless.  Update Sept 14 - Splitting out the messenger app is inconvenient for users.  Reduced to 1 star until this functionality is restored to the main app.
Sent bad mojo to my phone
Force close on galaxy tab 10.1 please fix
Frequent spontaneous closing without apparent reason. I need to retype my long comments again if it closes while i'm typing. Annoying. I'm using Note 2.
Its best social network
Cool
What happen to facebook i cant log in
Fix this app please!  Since last update, I can't keep it open for more than about 3 minutes before it crashes to home screen.  Can't view comments or pull up profiles without getting booted out.
Gr8 app.
It doesn't work properly for Android and the Messenger isn't compatible with an Android!! Fix it!!!!
irritating
Nice softwer
This App Is Very Useful...But It Takez A Lot Of Internal Space And Cannot Be Moved TO The Sd Card...So For Installing Other Apps I Usually unninstal it...And Because Of The interest Towards it I again try to Install...
We need a update.fix your crap.keeps sending me back to tablet homepage.
I have installed every update and it works good the 1st time after updating but then it takes a really long time to load everything! I've waited 15 plus mins to load pictures, pokes, and even coments. Meanwhile it tells me that I've lost my Internet connection when I have 4G with full signal. Not happy with Facebook lately!
Aplikasi
Facebook
5 stars
It is very productive app combined with messenger and also a lot of fun we can have with it and please make settings to move it to external sd card because if we use more the size of app also is incresing
videos will freeze then app will not respond anymore
It keeps crashing every 10 minutes. Quit updating so much it's just screwing up. Also I have to force stop this app like 40 times a day due to constant freezes
I love Facebook honest but it uses to much data!!!!
Good
Ok
U morons wanna invade my privacy and think it ok your messenger can kiss my butt !! Not to mention when friends post its hours or days before I see it you all suck !!!!
This is one app to be downloaded
Love it
I liked the previous  update for Facebook and it was easier for me. I know that now I have more control over ads, but there should be a way to get rid of them all for good. (They can get annoying sometimes.)
When I install it.it takes me to the login page when I put in info. Then it says network error but every other app I use Dnt say that.
I hate having messanger it freezes on me all the time
I don't like alot of the changes AT ALL and I wish we could do a color scheme to support breast cancer awareness or other colors of the ribbons
Ever since the last update pictures or videos don't load 80% percent of the time. Your updates suck!!!!!
Wonderful
Don't. Mov sd card like this app
Good
Sarvendr
The app on my Samsung Tab 3 closes on its own every time I use it mostly once i try and navigate from my news feeds.
This app  popular and a very good
Good
Cant see videos
Pictures won't load, news feed is sketchy, etc.
like it
Always glitches and crashes
It takes up a lot of space in my phone
I love face book so much I can stop using it it is my life. Face book is life <3
Liked by me
I updated it like y'all kept hassling me to do and now it won't even open. Yeah great job.
Excellent
Facebook step it up. Can't even sign in.
Can't see others profiles. Fb shuts off frequently
Well done
It won't let my brother logout
I don't like the fact that if someone replies to my comment on a thread it won't go directly to the reply I have to go on the internet to see the reply. I also can't stand the fact that I can't edit post or delete peoples stuff off my thread that I don't want to see
Much best
Good
It's sucks. It freezes up for when I look through photos on certain pages, won't let me share anything but my own photos. It's not even loading now, I will be uninstalling it and just use fb on my phone's browser. Such a disappointment. It's also crashing
That's just my opinion, I honestly prefer this app before it was updated for the android. It was easier to use unlike this one.
In addition to FB's latest bad changes, now the app only lets me comment on posts when it wants me to (which is not very often). Seriously, is FB TRYING to make this the worst app in the world?
I would to have it o  sd card i never have space on my phone to up date it
Won't download, says unknown error every time it tries to install
Its good platform
Love it. ..
I hate this app for every reason
good
Got to keep opening before my page load up
1st fail, split messenger as separate app, 2nd fail continuing to bug me about messenger in the Facebook app. I don't like how it will drag me to the most recent post while I'm panning down. How about everyone go to Google+
Nice way to connect and touch
Notification sounds stopped working 3 days ago.
Love it
suuper 5 starss
All Facebook does is load, and load, and load, and load! It's incredibly frustrating. I've tried deleting it, then reinstalling it and nothing changes.  Please make corrections.
Its making me download the messenger app when I dont want too!
It makes my phone hang all the time and getting too much phone memory
This is Bullshit on A Multi-Universal Scale.
Won't install due to error.Wtf is error -24? Reinstalled and same stupid fkn error msg.
Very good
Im having a hard time uploading videos :-(
Ridiculous that things can't be posted in order!
Stupid messenger! Go back to the old one!
Fendastik
Good
nice........
Uhm wtf lmao . Updated it and it looked like the older version now. And i cant find messenger ? So im confused ._.
Could be much better if photos can be selected by storage folders for uploading
The *&%# happened to facebook
I like the old version
Can't update the system n hate to use fb messenger
Downloading time too much
Pooooooooooorrrrrrrrrrr.
New install, downloaded just fine but won't even open on Huawei Ascend. Looks like I'll just have to visit on Opera browser. JUNK!
Nice
It's me
The app is great works perfectly. The only problem is that it seems to take a lot of space space on my phones internal memory.
Why change everything about the app? It was so much faster and easier to navigate before the update. Don't fix what ain't broke
Make browsing easier
bk
I <3 Facebook :)
nice
Very Nice APP :)
It's super slow! Argh!
Takes up a lot of memory and don't like Facebook making us have messenger to inbox people! also mine keeps freezing it's as if I type to fast for it to keep up

Loph it
AMAZE BALLS! xD
But I wont to delete my page I cant pliz help me.update
Its setting up (loading) way to long it makes you want to delete it all over again
Dnd updt.....only bug fix
Samsung Duo
Nice
Can't even view news feed without it crashing
Can't read messages, can't click  like. Your friends pics status.
worth it!
Keeps crashing on me!
Notifications lie, auto play stinks, newsfeed order is bogus
What happened to the location at the lower right corner of the screen when posting a status update?! It also doesnt show location when status is posted.
Only play for 3 or 4 sec, than hang.. :(
I cant see my messeges without downloding the messenger app and it wont let me. And the messenger app can let people take lics of u and u wont ever know
Nice pictures
love it
Facebook used to be somewhat simple. I cant even edit my profile. I hate this new stuff every other day
I think I will rate it three stars because it freezes up all the time, goes onto things I didnt even press, etc.
Yay
Love it
So nice & wonderful
Can't get it installed.
Average
Force closes and when i want to share a vid on my newsfeed or when im in the middle of browsing through it force closes again.. ANNOYING! no improvement after every update.. then whats the point of updating then!
Easiest way to keep up with what my family, and friends are currently :-) The messenger became useless in less than 24hrs, after downloading it last night. I don't know what happened, but i had to reset my entire cellphone, straight back to the original box setting. I lost everything that was in my entire cellphone 09/08/14
Good
Why i cant move it on sd card and it takes alot of. Memory in internal storage of my phone
after the last update some video post cant be closed.pls fixed it
Tried to upload a video to FB it's been processing for over 5 hours. I have tried to cancel the upload numerous of times but the notification is still in my notification bar... still stuck on "processing video". Please sort it out, the notification is f'ing me off!!!!!
Glight

I HATE the fact that it is now a system app and doesn't let me uninstall AND I HAVE TO DOWNLOAD MESSENGER?! ARE YOU KIDDING ME?! I DONT WANT IT TO TAKE UP ALL MY SPACE!
I can not talk with any one
At eisinfotech
.
Best...
Went blank when I open the synced photos poor!
Why is 'Top Stories' a default?  I hate reading the same stories over and over...hate that it changes my option of 'most recent' back to 'top stories' all the time. Also crashes when loading videos now. Please fix.
put the old version baack !! it suucks !! argh !!
It takes a lot of memory. It says Facebook has stopped I tired of it!!!
Waw
Always update???
Por alguna razon los videos que estивn en links no se ven a pesar que el audio si se escucha.
I dislike intensly that you are controlling my news feed, I want most recent to be my default not what you have decided I will see when I  first open my facebook.
Facebook is the new MySpace.
The nice send me a password and that's incorrect
I love facebook

Great
Great

Like it
Runs way to slow
Mrs. Simpson
I find it completely illogical and useless that we must download Messenger to chat with our friends, this app alone takes up a great amount of storage space already and I am unable to chat with my friends due to insufficient storage available on my device... I understand the need to promote a conjoining app but it isn't fair to those of us who have no interest in Messenger.
Ly Ly
Freezes/froce stops. Just plain not working. Kills battery.
So heavy and freedomless
Love
Great
I finally just deleted the FB app. I refused to update it because each update is worse than the last. I can't send or read messages unless I download a whole different app? No thanks. "Don't fix what isn't broken" is a great motto, and unfortunately the app team clearly can't fix what IS broken. I'm not one to review apps, but I'm so over how horrible the app is and the direction that they are moving towards.
Ask to use the camera and or video at any time and send text messages with out my permission.  Fb does not need to do this.
This app is always in my battery use. It never stops even if force closed. Seriously!
IS so nice
Mazin khan
Bad app it get stuck all the time @@
Making trouble
It's my best website
I uninstalled the app and then installed it again and its different I do not like this version at all please change it!!
Nice! !
No one likes messenger let us have our privacy back. I bet the cia is paying facebook to let them take away our privacy man I hate facebook now
Lovely app
Is good
You'd think it would be better being that it's such a widely used app :/
After the update its no good anymore. FB sucks now
Why is google play not working fix it now
Excellent
Even I only have 2 apps downloaded. Wushui. Bad!!!!
Awful
Facebook fix yourself! I'm sick of my mobile newsfeed being all over the place. The dates and times are all messed up. I want to be able to see most recent. Not stuff from days ago making me think it's from now.
Good
Love it.....!
Love it its so cool and fun
We hv 2 crop our profile picture b4 putting it.. n I dnt want dat cropping session..so pls fix it up.. els its awesome app!! ^-^ :*
123
Wont let me download messenger
I love it
Fine
Very good masanger I loves you
Ok
But. Just cannot get it on my sd card too long
Manous kumar a
This is something you can enjoy finding friends n relatives
But sometimes it will automatic close
Keep it up.
Very good app
Oh my....this app is really cool
Works great love it
Lo o o vete me faceee!!!
After the recent upgrade, it been acting so crazy and freezing up on my phone, you've gotta fixed that
The latest update means links don't open in a browser but in the app. Sound like a great idea, right? Wrong!!! Nothing loads correctly, videos only have sound, and pictures don't load and there no refresh button... Not happy
What is bad is that it goes to your home screen and it takes too much space
Mannarkkd
Every time I try to post something it boots me off
Thanks s fb.
Cool thing
Wtf happened to facebook app???its different from the picture plus the messenger says that its not compatible with my device wtf please fix this
green
Ok
F you FB I'm seriously getting sic k and tired of my settings for this app going back to defalt on a daily basis!!!!! It's eating the shnit out of my data plan.
This is cool
This happens atleast once a day where the feed refuses to refresh while I know for a fact that it is connected to the internet. There is always something new and annoying every update
I don't know what you are doing to your Android users, but I haven't been able to upload pics or vids, it just says "processing" and gets stuck. Please fix
Love fb
It's good to speed
B
Col
i dont like ur fb messanger..
Good+
Good
I cannot link my facebook to my instagram account! Is there a problem/bug? Help anyone? I'm using Samsung galaxy grand 2. Thanks!

Like having the ability to get on my Facebook at anytime
It's great
dick
After the new update Can't detect the place I am now
Who want to sex with me?
Ridicolous invasion of privacy. Fb used to be great fun safe. Not anymore!!!!!
Very Bad
It sucks
Lol
Everytime I see someones profile it shuts off.FIX FOR 5 STARS!!!
Kalis
Facebook
Love it!  The messenger app I will not download though.
is soooooo bad
Facebook & Facebook messenger its depanc eash other.  But it its no need to more..   only one application have everything. .need for us.
I can't do anything now I never use the app but now I'm having to do so because for some reason it doesn't work on browser anymore to look at my news feed , the app is terrible
Cool
Videos will freeze and won't be able to play them running latest version of Android. Photos will also be non clickable
Its stupid how it won't let me sew messages withaut downloading the message app that's stupid Doesn't show me my must RECENT FEEDS when I click on it. Keeps showing me OLD stuff and takes FOREVER to LOAD and Facebook won't let me share nothing with my friends or post there WALL!!
Takes up too much space.
Slow, terrible low functionality
Takes up a lot of space
The new version gets stuck.
Getting worse. Why fix and try and make better when theres nothing to fix. Facebook keeps cutting off randomly and no it aint my phone as many others are doing the same.
Good
Took it away thanks
My Facebook on my galaxy tablet was working just fine until the last update! Now i will be in the middle of scrolling down my feed and Facebook completely shuts down, or I will share something and once i share it instead of it taking me back to the page i was on it completely shuts down.  I have uninstalled ,reinstalled, cleared cached, shut down tablet amd restarted to no avail. Super frustrated with new update.
Need to let us message without messenger !!!!!
Nice
Constantly freezes phone when you click to play a video
Great
It takes up way to much storage.! And just so many difficultys...!!!
Its fucki ng crap, when I want to tag somone its give me black screen, samsung s3
Facebook
App
Decent but not great
J
Abukalam
This app sucks because there's no way to message your friends from it! I want a Facebook app that is all inclusive so I can do everything I need to on Facebook, from my phone.
Hi
Thi yahi wadiyan thy yahi parbat tha yehi piyar ka mosam
Keeps shutting down NOT HAPPY STUPID FB
1> Didn't wanna install messenger. Fb forced us to... 2> leaves you no more privacy NOT COOL
I've been noticing that uploaded Youtube videos in news feed aren't showing the picture. I can hear the video but not see it. Also if a video is from a news program or newspaper site it won't play at all. This has been happening ever since the last update. Please fix.
Facebooks whole concept is now a privacy issue not only with the messenger app but also the facebook app. There is no reason Facebook should have access to private text messages.
No Where Near It's Roots.  Now its all about beating the competition.  Force user base to accept and use Facebook products no matter the usefulness of the software to the USER.
It's ok
Facebook just doing what it does!!! :) still good
Ana b7b alfec book g2dn
Too many crashes.
I LOVE IT BABY
Facebook
Friendly user
Please fix this, after up dated, i can't get on my messages and can't get on my page or send anything!!.
better to use web browser on Android.  Maybe tries to do to much in background.
Love it
Used to be a useful app.. however, now you are REQUIRED to install the messenger app to read instant messages. No thanks, I'll just use the Web browser version.
It wont let me go back in to it
Forces close, constantly having to log in after saving browser,  gives millions of scam artists everything on your phone.
One thing to the next. Such a poor company. Now I can't read my news feed by most recent? You're serious?
facebook
J
Pooping
Freezes too much on a note3!!
I hate that i have to have two apps on my phone to use all facebooks features. I also can't stand the fact that my most recent stories dont come up first!
Wtz different , nothing
Omkar
Videos not playing, stopping after a few seconds, sort it out! Or will just use chrome. I have deleted the app, just going to use chrome!!!!
Grand
I have become so bored with Facebook, I look mostly from my phone and every time I look it's stuff from days ago,  and I don't even see some of my friends postings, just lots of useless junk, how about you let us decide what we want to see!
Videos won't play ever since the update to auto play them. Video starts to play,  then video stops and sound keeps going till it pops up an error can't play this video.
Not only can you no longer post to groups directly from post creation, groups are also hard to find if you don't already know how to aces them. This is frustrating for those of us who access and post to groups frequently.
Good for everything and easy to use
I love it
Horrible. Error loading newsfeed, slow, uses lots of memory. And have to download messenger to read messages? I don't think so developers...no longer a useful app...browser it is.
Social media interface
This app always stop running and to slow to open. I want to deletw this app updated noting waste space on my phone better I download B*** movie. F*** I hate this app
I love it a lot but it charges a lot
Loved very much
Stop Forcing us To Use The Messenger
The location, what are you doing, who are you with and add picture buttons all disappear when I go to update my Status!  Also keeps freezing up and crashing.Worked fine before latest update. I can't even watch Videos without crashing. Please fix ASAP so I can give you 5 Stars again. Thank You.
Used 2 work but for past month will not go on most recent,  qhen I click most recent juat shows me things from 15+hours ago
Don't send me those update again .let me stay tradationaly....
Nice app.
Can't use the app
I use UC browser n i think its much better than Facebook App itself ....now the App is just like a browser....It Loads so much...better use normal browsers
Occupies so much space on my device n y cant i save it to sd card?...its my device as well.
Run slow
Abosedek
Shamim
New facebook $uck$. Go back to the old one!!!!
I love fb
Singh
This app wants too much access to my phone. Sad to me that after reading all the complaints Zuckertwit wont do anything about out it. I'll still use FB on my pc but not on my phone.
This is too slowly
When personal computers first became available in the 1970/1980's the sign of a good programmer was to use as little memory as he or she could. Nowadays the opposite is true. Use as much memory as possible so no other programs can be loaded. Facebook is the prime example of this.
Shimulhasan622
Face book let's you text for FREE
Very very good
For the Android can you add the option "reply to comment" please, its on IOS already but some people maybe want it for Android
It sucks the messaging doesn't need to be another app
Why facebook shows me black screen on evry status i cant read it plz fix it
Like
Like some of the new features...but i have scroll lock...laggin news feed updates...force close...its really kinda junk....
Be you and know your worth
I can't download my password?
I can't remove it
We can't I move it to my ad card wtf
Excellent
Good good
Loads up content a lot faster than browsers
Awesome
Not happy with having the settings change after the update. Tired of news feeds scroll down by themselves after it refreshes.  Needs a way to sort to most recent posts instead of top stories.
Its just fine
Don't install
Its just an awesome app
New update freezes my phone. Especially if u deny a friend request u don't want. Have to uninstall and re install application to get it working again. This definitely needs to be fixed.
Yeah I like it.because I can chat to.all mates
I like using it
Awesome
I love Facebook
Best way to connect with my cousins in Chicago Illinois
Getting better
Lol
I like the new update its easier to usevand faster
o yea
Its okay
Friends zone
its crashing again n again
i hate it
Getting slow
Fb
It takes a lot free space of my phone and it sometime don't save likes
Sem
What happened to the old facebook. Every time they try something new, the reviews great worst. This last update totally turned me off.
The new version of the Facebook cant use, auto sign out. And sign in takes a few minutes. Many problems with facebook. Now I'm off again and use the facebook version of 2012. Hope facebook change the this app
Lol
keeps on crashing...please fix...

Too slow for uploading
Vizuri
Every other time this app is updated, it seems like it gains a few neat features, but gets slower to respond to opening links etc. Useability, guys! Come on! No point throwing a bunch more stuff into an app that just keeps slowing down as a result
Major issue with editing and privacy.
Always not responding
I think I might delete the facebook app mine as well use the browser version.
Great
Takes to much space want to move to my sd card also it keeps closing for no apparent reason
927
What
Good app
Click on a link to someones page or pictures the app shuts down.
Facebook messenger gives this app a 1 star.
I really enjoy FB but since Messenger came along it's been a nightmare!  If I install Messenger on my tablet, it never works and ends up freezing my tablet!  Messenger does not work with tablets!
Love it
So slow and boring! Layout is pants!!
994260701
Crashes randomly. Whether I'm just looking at photos, or swiping down the feed.
Mgr
Addicting
Facebook has brought family members back 5 us that we thought to be gone and never heard or seen aga8n. Thank you
Good,app to have in phone
Too Much Of Space Required ... Too Slow . Eats Whole Net Package . Hehe
Why to I continue to think the next Facebook upgrade will make the App work better? Clearly another Fail. The stupid auto play (that you did not warn me about) for the videos just used all my monthly data in 8 days. Whose paying for that? ME that's who! You idiots should warn people. Why is the default setting turned to "ON"? Costing people $$ for no reason sheeeesh!
Why I cant download whatsapp orfacebook :-(
Its ight
Abcd1234
Beauty
good on my phone
Instead of saying active now when they are on their device,  why dont you let it say active now when they are on the facebook app? DO NOT LIKE MESSENGER APP SEPERATE FROM FACEBOOK FIX IT NOW
The app description says: "text, chat"... But you cant do that unless you install anothet app..Most pics dont load now after the last update...Now I cant open my inbox and see the messages, I dont want to be forced to install an additional app on my phone... If I'll be using chrome to open inbox then there's no need for the facebook app, uninstalling now
This app i very like
NEED TO BE ABLE TO SORT NEWSFEEDS
Assface
Scopes for improvement still...
So I can't review my inbox unless I download the MESSenger which SUCKS THE LIFE out of my battery?
Big step backwards removing the message service from this app. Make a plan. I'm using another app in the mean time. Let me know when messages are back here again. Don't see why I must have 2 apps to drain my battery faster.
How about choices on the OS that's supposed to have more choices.
R u kidding with me??just 2 mb!!!wow this just awesome and even its more faster but takes a lot.of loading...hope the load time fixea in future...
Little more fast, every think is fine.
Since update, I am not able to sync my fb contacts to cell contacts.
Uses way too much internal memory- can't store on ad card!
Good
Good app. I like it very well!
the best....
Very fast

I am unable to edit my comment or even delete it. Kindly fix this.
Its alrite
Slow at downloading
Your app since the new update keeps auto closing on me
I don't play theses games but yet i can't block requests from the app. Make this happen!
I hate that I have to update all the time ,,,,it freezes my phone ,what's wrong with you Facebook ?!?? You used to be the best ,but now i lost my interest in this ... :/?
Its not moove in sd kard i save in my cel phone
For an old version
X
Won't install on phone
Every couple of seconds . .it just crashes!
Babu.maity
Save
4time pass gud
Cracking, not responding..
You can't reply to comments on the app.  Only works in a browser.  Make it work.  Thanks.
Loved it
Can't play third party videos after clicking on a link. Using Samsung galaxy s3.
Love fb but need to make so u can move it to sd card
S I have been

I don't understand why people keep complaining about this app, especially about privacy. Other messenger like line or whatsapp have access to your location and camera you know, their app permission is similar with this app. Well i hate that facebook make me install separated app just for messenger before. But it turns out the app is clean,neat,and fast enough. It is quite good. Facebook still should improve the notification however. Moreover, fix the ram usage, it takes too much memory!
It eats my battery like crazy and I'm not even online, I had to deactivate my account and found out my battery last twice as longer than when I had it activate, I reactivated it and Yup sure enough it would slow down my phone and eat up my battery life again. Could someone fix that?
My anaconda dont want nine unless u got buns hun!!!!
i love it because facebook is a good thing.......
Last 3 weeks the app keeps freezing up. Have deleted and reinstalled but it doesn't help. This is the only app I have trouble with.  Note 3
What is going on with the facebook app. As soon as i log in it kicks me off facebook within 10 seconds. Get it fixed!!!!!
Good
Cool
V gooood
its a great app for android phones.A nice search engine for all types of android apps.its a wow app for me & every user.i love this app so much.
Download problem
Hey good app

Keeps freezing!
Awesome
Way to into your privacy.  Uninstalling and deleting Fb
wonderful
Don't want messenger to review ny msgs ,,
Improve the app... To move it to SD card....
Conneting people
Flat out unheard of, you have some of the top programmers in the world. Adding messanger good idea but instead of shrinking in size on main app it continues to grow, not only that still leaving it on internal memory for most phones just taking up ram and needed memory. I've been a steady facebook fanatic for over 6 years, almost completely on mobile but come on you don't need to know everything I do on my phone just to use your app, no I don't care about marketing procedures this is why people will stop
Nice
I love it
Munni123 Aktar
Awesome
No one can touch it
Best advert for twitter. I have enough bloatware form Samsung and my carrier, without Facebook making me download more oversized pieces of crap with this and messenger. Desktop Facebook only from now on.
I hate that now you have to download messenger to view messages. Was so much better when you could do everything all in one app!
Nice
I haaate it when it keeps asking me to download the messenger  !!!!! I don't like the messenger !!!
be nice if it wouldnt drop out everytime i try to open the app . its fine through browser on my phone no issues stupid and why cant I share something direct to a group ????? Stupid
Recent News Feed is completely gone now from 'More Feeds'.  Please make recent news the default. Terrible.. Nexus 5 4.4.4
So great for ease of access
I love it
I love it except for lately I go into apps press on Facebook and it gets in but right away kicks me out again so I don't get to read anything and I don't know how to fix or if it can be fixed . Is there any HELP out there?
and you have to install messenger .. whathefck
Since this last update my facebook shuts down on its own...even mid post...please fix this n thanks
It alot of
Must
Very dlow
Why do I need to download another app just for messaging ?
M.asad
Amazing
harunnoor
It sucks! Its laggy what happened?
Fb is heaven for some people coz they might hv found their old frnds n hell for some people coz wen their id is misused
Hedidan
It is very easy to use
FB app does not load news feed on my android 4.4.2 kitkat after your recent updates. Pl fix it
Rely V good
Sip
Not Responding ,it take too much space and making me to install massenger and I don't want to
2112
No improvement to make is fast.!!!????
Needs exact same features as desktop'
Stop forcing people to get Facebook messenger to be able to access their messages! You should just let us be able to get on without the app!
This sucks!
Its stupid how we have to install the messenger inorder to text people and see the messages they need to fix that now....
Everytime I click on something my app crashes.  It didn't do that until it updated the app yesterday.
Terima Kasih  Banyk**#
Really loved it
Not a lite app ...
Awesome
Really disappointed that you are trying to make people download messenger app.
Number one
It's Facebook
The app doesnt open up. And its not my phone , it the app. PLEASE fix it , asap.
This is a great app ! Unfortunately I've had to reinstall on multiple occasions because it just stopped working ! Fix it please
Ilove Facebook
I LOVE FACEBOOK
112233
I can no longer watch videos WTF
I hope you get everything to stop jumping back to the beginning when I am reading stuff 2 or 3 days before.
Now not compatible with my phone!!!!  Grrrrr

Good
its always application always not responding .. its so annoying
Good app
The app has no reason to be separate from messages, messenger no matter how you try to reword it, is an invasion of privacy. You can't say it's not as you launch a drug task force on facebook, because somehow that's your call. Horrible job facebook. Horrible job.
Enough said
Nice
Nce
Fine
It's ok not liking all the changes but still like the app
Gud
Love it
Sultan
Dale McCormick
Its nice
Not compatible with the latest android update according to my phone.
Because my as card has 112.3MB I can't download I hate that
Messenger is stupid nobody likes it
I love it
I can keep in touch with family and friends who live out of town or state.
Good for all
I am hated this app because it take so much space
Shimulhasan622
When I click on The Facebook app is  loading & it closes
I love Facebook it very good social app!
It used to be okay I guess but since the last update it shuts down 5 times a day
When I click on a video it brings me to a page so I can view it, before it would open another browser, well now the sound some out but no video???? Please fix it
Slow on intetnet
# :)
why not instal sd card
Go
Slow.. Sometimes irritating...
This crap will always record information from your phone. No privacy at all. If you have the messenger app then you open your phone to everything. Secure your own privacy
Nice
Nyc
But not.that you are.forced to download the messenger and agree to all these crazy permissions yeah i dont think so mobile web is my friend
Baaby tumare rat.thuma Mubarak
Give us the option to move data to sd card. I can understand if the app itself is storwd in the intwrnal memory but using internal memory to store feeds. Not a good way to use up storage space.
teeeee
Fb video call
Janktion of thut
Not good anymore !!!!
Love it
Interesting
I love this freaking app!!!!
Facebook
Connecting Worldwide
stuff in the feed should go from most recent at the top to older at the bottom. also, i should not have to install messanger (which people have been using to hack phones) just to chat privately.
Protisuto
Superb
There are moments when I can't see anything , no picture no video....
I Really Love This so much
Really hate this new version.... :(
Namkin king
Good
Ali Ghraphics
Update after update gets worse and worse. Randomly will update news feed when I'm reading something. I think I might delete app for good.
Dislike the fact all my settings change when there is an update.
:*
Kept shutting off! Couldn't get onfor more than two seconds
Superb
Nice...
You can do a lot of different things on Facebook! Try it!
Great..
Not bad
Nice app
All India
Ansari
It is what it is
Crashing, crashing, crashing.
It won't sync any of my pics of facebook profile when linked to phone
Since the last update aplication is slow with many break downs and pics are opening very slow.
Woww
It keeps shutting out and making log in
Revised: made it better but TAKE OFF AUTO PLAY OF VIDEOS. and yes i know theres a setting for it.
This used to be a good app it works good on my phone but not on my tablet tablet I have a brand new phone and a brand new tablet I don't know what's wrong with Facebook Facebook at all anymore and I know its not my tablet the tablet because its brand new and every other  app I have else on it works perfectly perfectly no trouble at all Facebook get your stuff together
love it
Facebook
No notification sounds for the last 4 months now, reported it to Android & Facebook & been ignored!!! Does anyone actually read these?????
Super
I dont like that it wont store on SD card.
Very interesting and educative
FB
Nice
Since recent update, I keep getting errors, and no matter what I do, my news feed is always never up to date. Previous version was so much better...please fix...again
Goog
Preder it how it was before
Keeps on crushing, for 6-8x when i'm browsing the feeds..
WORDINFORMATION
Doesnt work anymore
Very fast to make contact with all friends...
It's just a massive data miner.  Seriously, fb doesn't need to know my browsing history because, for one thing, I don't use anything in fb that would require fb to gather such info.  It doesn't enhance user experience or whatever, it just invades privacy.  The only options are to not use fb or clean your information constantly to keep it out of fb hands.
Excellent

Ajay gujar
Nice
It is sucky!!!
Everything I try to open this app it opens for a little bit then when I click on something it exit our the app. So I had to uninstall it and reinstall it and now it won't let Me open the app anymore..
Why alway update? I see same funtion..zz
I want to be able to sort my news feed by most recent. It's really annoying to have to pull it up from the menu on the right. Also now that I've updated, it freezes up while trying to swipe to other screens, looking at my feed, and trying to read comments. HTC one m7. Please fix this and I will change my rating. It was working fine before.
Aladan
Real fun
Like it.. i cn use it like a laptop on my phone..
Complete
4 stars... 1 less star cos of daily update requests
Ni
I like to keep up with friends and family, but Facebook is taking things too far. The app is too large and can't be moved to an SD card and now I have to have another app to do messaging?
Sunil.kumar.esc
Thamks for help
Virgin mobile desire 601 4.2 kit Kat

It just keeps logging out my account after every 30 min hate that plzz fix
Ok
Facebook
Mediocre
Great
Couldn't use it for ages an error has occurred every time i opened it
I think its pretty messed up that we aren't able to read our messages on the app. Facebook is forcing us to download the messenger. I'll pass
Its loveble
Teekaram
It always kicks me out and it never responds correctly. Not a fan of having to have messenger just to talk to people. Fix that!!!
Great idea

Very functional
No comment just improve this app
Can not open groups...
Like you mark suckerberg
Nice 1
Good for all of us
its hard to download
Facebook
Born May 1st, 1956. Live in Grand Rapids,Mi. Graduated in 1974, Marion High School
Love it
Memory issue dude
Its a good and helpfull app it connect my friends and family member
Keeps having to be redownloaded as it won't log in
Vry nice...too good
Every time I try to watch a video on my phone it says there's a problem with the video.
Wow
mikerley
N
I dislike the fact that I am being forced to download messenger. I will do without reading my messages till am faced with pc thank you very much!
Nice
Loved it
Facebook is getting nosey
Since last update this eats all my battery,  please fix!!!
Don't forget Calvin wright please
good one
Awesome
Download problem
Love facey b
VAST  OF TIME  DATA
Wow
Thanks
I can't even play videos properly it's plays a couple of seconds then just stopps fix this please otherwise going back to using the Internet version I think other people will too that's the only way to watch videos
ko  cho
Just mind blowing
Looking forward to seeing the application
Freezes all the time!!! At least 3 times a day!!!!!
Altaf kazi
It doesn't work as well as it use to
Nice
Thanks   Hellow
Excellent
It takes up way to much memory.. I liked the way I got my messages before... the messenger is just another thing to take up memory on my phone
FACEBOOK is out to get us.

I use it every day but somehow I cant get my self to delete this intrusion of privacy... I want it to keep up with distant friends and family but its a crock the gov is using it to spy into peoples lives... get a life gov haha
I lik it
Very slow. It needs improvement. Option to edit comments should necessarily  be added.
Takes too much space and a lot of times crashes and I have to restart my phone
The best social app. Just perfect for all.
Its sucks internal memory
Was working fine before now I can't see videos that are posted by pages I c an only hear the audio. And I can't see my pending posts....wtf never had this prob before..app is garbage now... might as well just use fb on the computer or via cells phone web browser.
It covers my whole area on my android internal storage Please optimize space, reduce the extra space
It is fun
I hate having to install a separate app for private msgng.
it  so cooooool...
Terbaik
too much space
The app is pretty good
Hg Judith. . Bb
Cool app
Nice application
Whenever I open a link from fb and then came back to it the app restarted again and I have to scroll down a lot to reach where I was previously
Great
Yo
All I see is negative reviews.  Ill just use my browser then..
Rocktosodon.
Hi
Great
Kandan
After the last update the app has become laggy. The scrolling is somewhat not smooth as it used to be.
Nice app.
Apt
Best
Just need rely button and such and we're good.  Lol
Khan
Good
Good..
I would like to have the ability to edit or delete post for android phones. My phone does not have the option. Since I am terrible at texting I need tp fix my mistakes.
Keeps me connected to friends and family
j
Momo
Good
G8
Mind blowing
Messenger is  very bad Aap with FB. Please. Don't fix messenger with fb
Great
Make reply of comments
Facebook is bast apps
Like it
It's good to know about each other and it have knowledge
Love it
super
Lovely

Veri veri big masejis aap
need update version
Nothing is well in this official app.
Its takes lot of memory reduce the memory for running and give a great experience please
I have asked for someone to be blocked 25x and I keep getting notified.  I never commented nor did any of my friends. I have no idea who the person even is!  Very irritating!!
Best way 2meet frnd
б╠ ok
Boos
Superb app
Facebook connecting peoples freinds relatives and all
Takes up so much space. Always crashing. Do something please!
The very first version of Facebook is pretty & old is a piece of junk.
Scary
Nice
`
Nayak's
Good app
Add on
Nice meet new people
Hangs and force closes since updated. Im on kitkat on galaxy tab 3. Fix this or lose money...
I love to be the part of fb frame
Like
Ok not bad
Can't even signing in ..
This app sucks
Amazing
Face book   is my  best friend   always  with  me
Nice app thanks.
supre
Great
Ok
Its good
Nice app
Good
I like this App...
Satyaveersingh
Its good
Saori
I dont like the app of messenger pls back the facebook that no messenger app...
Doesn't load news feed and it doesnt load videos wtf?
After the new update, it's keep on crashing
Everytime i tried to open it, it kept force to close in just 2-3 secs. Please fix it
When will you guys fix most recent feeds????
It's alright ig but sometimes it stops on me and then I have to uninstall it then reinstall it
You used to be able to see numbered updates up to 25 on the groups now nothing so you can't see if the groups have any updates.
Very good
Zzz
FB app is just too power hungry for me. It requires waoo many permissions and
Noluvuyo Madlomo Thembani Matyolo
Needs too many permissions, forces you to install messenger to read messages. Constantly crashes, takes up too much memory. Need i say more need to fix up fb
Vijay kumar
Can hear but not see videos on news feed page on some
Good
grttt
P.B.ROAD NEW GUBBUR HUBLI
Baskar 97755400
Good app
Gr8
good
Maybe the solution to this forced app problem is to actually uninstall this, and do everything from Chrome, just like it's supposed to be. Will do it unless this gets fixed soon...
Videos are no longer working, again... HTC One M8
It uses too much space and i can't see my messages without seeing 'Install Facebook messager' i should be able to view my messages without this...
Like
God  app
Nice
Y it iz not downloading????   Eeeeeeeeee
try ....
Bad bad bad very bad
Facebook
Like
Fb will pop up a fb not responding every few mins i keep reporting and nothing has been done about this I'm not satisfied at all with fb app
wz beta if it hd contact updating setup..
Hi everybody how are you
I love it
Renjitharatheesh
It's use allot of disk space
make this not so many space
I'm just going to use chrome, I'm not on Facebook enough to have 2 apps for them. I feel like Facebook has become Big Brother and I have no interest in what it is at this point.
Allow bookmark option  to all posts so that we can see all our important parts that we bookmarked. Something like starred posts so that we can see all our starred/bookmarked posted later.
I hate it I dun have to install the messenger to see my msgs I dun have enough space on my phone and now I cannot see my msgs wats up with that !
Would like a New update
Can't even access or use or upload new photos or statuses on my account.
Heavy data needs... Slowly working.... Sometimes quite automatically
B'sc I loved it
I. Hate. Facebook Because. It. Is. Booring. And.  Weird
It only loads on Wi-Fi
Esy facebook
Hate the upgrade I can't see my messages because now I need a new app wtf???
Cool
Good
Hhhhh
Nice
apps accha hai, lekin 8 din me update karna padta hai. Maine pichle hafteme hi update kiya tha.
Lmfao i like i r w/e
Good
Hyyy
Goood
Dear Devs, you still havent responded on my case. I tried to factory restore my tab. And thw singular app that would shut down is FB!!!  My previous post: since the update I've had too many shut downs on my device each time i try to post something on FB. I had to uninstall and reinstall the app. What happened? Do you think it has something to do with my recent update to kitkat ver? Pls shed some light! Thanks!
el mucho saver no es bueno
Make it gud for Windows phone
Need Big Update!!! Again! Can't play Video and Closes my Facebook and it keeps returning to my home screen. Need Optimization for Android 4.3 JB... I've already Clear the Cache and logout but still!!! Can't play the Video... What's happening?! Update needed!!! Pls. ;-) bakit ba ako umaasang makakapag play pa ng Video ang FB ko?! Ni Hindi nga na a-Update eh!!! Talaga nga naman oh!!!
I love it
It's easy to use and it's fast...
Fuk
Khob booooooood
Wow nice
I can reach my friends make posts through a couple clicks on my cell its so awesome how simple it is I get to share the gospel and everything Jesus has done in my life there is no one like God . he's so perfect and he loved us so much thanks for making it just that more simple Facebook !:) god bless !
Good aplication
Since the last update location had been very inaccurate even using gps. Also newsfeed is taking forever in updating, just show stuff from hours behind. Come on! You can do better that this!
N.joi.n it n also the nu friends n groups av joined. And also have caught up with old friends....xxx :-D
Very very good
I love Facebook
Mae o mor gachu
Facebook
Lagging and taking so much space...
Liked
Can find childhood friends
Gone down hill :-(
Its awesom
Min one star
Now i can keep in touch with my friends
Not good @ all.
Nice
birendra mahato
Ok
:-)
Super
The app interface update is awesome..!! Where in no video can be viewed.. The app crashes when trying to play a video..!! :@
Has weight and ocupy large space
i like the old updates when theres no facebook massenger .. its sucks.. Really .. plz fix this..
This is good app
Nice..
I love tis app!!!
Ooty sadish
Awesome app
I can't share videos from facebook to whatsapp or other apps! 
Nice
Amit
*******shshshhhhh....
great fun!!
Really i love it its a very nice app
only name is not anable to highlight
I cannot find my likes pages only groups and this is a big deal! ..And why the need to read peoples sms messages?  FBI issisted on that too?
It keeps closing on its own everytime I get im
Ek no
Welcome
Hate this new update!. how do I get the old one back?!
Its vry simple nd intrstng to use...nd spcl thnng is v keep in touch wid evry 1...nd cn able to see all d updates old 1 also....
Wow!
Bhru

Priyanka
NO ONE WANT TOP STORIES WE WANT TO SEE MOST RECENT AND ALL POST! Stupid app keeps closing on me for no reason!! So over this stupid app.
Thanks again in future
very sloww..
since my last update i cant download a video....plz fix ths problem!!!
Not
T.p
I luv working on fb.....i can spend whole day on fb........
Nice
Its a good way to conmunicate with family and friends u havent seen in awhile
When is a newer better update coming out cause this one sux!! Always force closing, & I like to read from the most recent to when I last saw last...with this it seems I am missing friends posts. The one before this was way better.
Nice
Iloveit
Jitendra shinde
Joss
Chating resource without seeing.
Number 1
The only way to get your own review
Its take too much space in cell and not moving to sd card its not working properly very slow
Today I have been trying to deactivat facebook it will not let me !! WHY ??? I WANT OFF FACEBOOK TODAY !!!!
Face book is my favorite
Can't watch videos directly uploaded to fb and the interlaced web browser sucks monkey balls
I still wanna know why i need TWO apps to properly use facebook. Waste of space. Put it all back in one place and maybe i'll be satisfied.
keep force close.
Beter thing
I sent numerous reports on videos freezing and they never fixed the problem :(.
Good
Many2 problem
All your new improvement is stupid and useless! My post will delay and can't tag the person, go fix it!
Good
I dont like that, tht is why im not always online ...
Oo
Good app face book very nice
Nice to talk with new friends
It very good thanks a lot
Solve it man.
Please quit begging me to install messenger. I tried several times to learn to like messenger, but I hate it.
ak
I like it
Highest bidder
9916867
I love it
Its easy to use but having to use a separate app for the messenger is aggravating and the app often freezes. Facebook should leave it alone when its working.
Nice
I
Loved it
I given five star I'm very very impres cool
Previous version was better..... :-(
Tiqwan.woods.
This aap so nice better then nothing
Hy
Cant be moved to sd card
Chandru
I'm trying to delete the app from my phone and it won't let me, I pushed uninstall but now I just have an older version and I only have the options to open it or update it. Let me uninstall it, it takes up way to much storage space and I'm tired of my phone always crashing because of this app.
I love Facebook, but it keeps popping up that you're not responding. Don't understand it does it even when I'm texting. What gives. Please fix.
Ooooooooo
A lot of mb is used
Excellent application this app v.good app. I naver do samething bad.
Love it but the constant updates needing to change the settings get to be a pain. ..
Bad aap
12345
I can't load any stories. When I click a story my screen goes grey. What the heck?!
Facebook
Its facebook.
Brilliant
Good

Plz keep da strict secruity
Wow
I really hate that it doesn't show the text in the notification anymore. Instead of saying Robert commented on your status: "Haha I agree." It just says Robert commented your status. I have to click on the notification and open facebook to see what he said when usually I could just see what he said from my notification bar. It's also causing problems with my email notifications too. It doesn't say what they commented it just sends me emails saying "Robert commented on your status." It really blows.
Add the option of customize people for sharing.
Excellent
Hi this is no good
Useless app. Page management needs to be included in this app. I'm uninstalling as I have no need for a app that can not acces the messages on my page.
I am now able to edit post and comments from my Android phone. Well done on listening guys!
Very fine
But if we have good news if we have to copy that news, we can't copy.
I hate I cant open messages through the main app. I just tired of these stupid changes. I will b deleting facebook from phone when I get everyone contact info n just text n use twitter. Might even just deactivate my whole facebook account not worth it and not fun anymore rather use my old myspace account
Naveedgul
nice application..
Its sooo slow not so fast its very large aaps take to more space.
Olwaz nice to have it
I'm done.
Nuff said
H
With all the info this app demands it's no different than a malware and I'm expecting they wont listen to any of the users complains after it's all about profit and control!!!!
Dip
Very good
World on my fingertips
terbaikkk
Not bad
Worse and worse! FEDbook is an NSA Shadow Intelligence Contractor and  downloads 5tbs of its end users photos a day using facial recognition software. Whenever the app's bot technologies detects a shield name or phrase like the Koch brothers owning most of the fertilizer plants, the app causes the controls to pop uo at the bottom to make you accidentally logout or report a good post as spam. This is the stuff of treason by the true domestic enemies of the American rank and file!
good app but facebook has wasted allot of peoples time tbh.
Fantastic $$$$
Gh
Great app. Easy to install
Again n again its coming I installed 10 times
More
to all friends and relatives
This updated version is a lot better than the previous ones I've had thus far!
Nice
bagua
After the latest update it just crashes....ten times a day...I use Samsung Note 2
Get it
Quite User friendly...
Cool app
Too much memory is need pls just fix it
good
Samsung tab 8.0 cant play video and refresh everything..whenever i on it..the same video is still there
Samrat
It was nice for all of us'
Hala
It is realy good
Nice app great bug fixes
Horrible, horrible, horrible!!!
Its so nice but sometimes its otomatically stop... wen you use it
Amazing App
Excellent
You try to meet new people that you don't know and you get penalized for trying
Ma best

Much improved recently. But still lacks the ability to include/exclude individual friends on the privacy settings for a post, and lacks other common features such as long press to select/copy text, which is pretty basic really. For a company with Facebook's resources, this should be a lot better.
The app can't play any video. Fix it or let us open links in other apps.
Easy going app and would loved it
For the latest version, whenever i open any webpages from links via fb, the youtube video i view always show black blank video with audio. Pls fix it
Loved it....
Plzzzzz add the option for hiding friends
Very poor
but its not download in my phone.
Videos crash after a few seconds.
Ch
Great
Pls I can not update my android phone
I dont know Why this app is not stable if i run this facebook app it lags so much, it won't start with a click its not having capabulity to run fast when ever if i want to use this app it lags and stucks eresponsable  creator &devoloper please fix this app . It is a very useful app  this app should not be like this fix it
Nice
Thanks
V v v v v nice
UnCompareable
Works great
wah
Social media
Afsarfathi
superb
Good
Facebook app kept crashing every time pls fix the problem.....
Love
fb
Pankaj singh
Too much memory needed, i can't keep it longer !!!, poor me. :(
Waskha..ask that space is low
I'm happy..
Average app.
Nice Apps
This app is not working in my smart phone
Haven't been able to watch a whole video for ages!  Be uninstalling soon I think! **update** can't watch a video at now, absolutely rubbish! Making phone overheat and draining the battery
Da best
Moved mine to sd card
Good...
Optimization Needed
hi, im a facebook user since 2007 i guess. but since i updated my OS to 4.4.2 kitkat i always encountered crashing of my fb account. i dont even know why.. please kindly fix it.. i'll duly appreciate if you do..thanks in advance.
Awesome
It's buffering man...
It don't load fast

It was a nice exprience to use this awsome software.  But some time it become imposible to upload picture
facebook
nic
I do not want your f mesenger
Nice
hhhh
enjoy surfing
Awsome :)
Verry cool
Unsatisfied!
I can't open any videos, or story's.. I hated it
Love it its always active
great
Nice app
Iloveitahhhhh
It makes easy to use fb .
App is fine. But can't read messages anymore! This is annoying.
it is marvellous
Well work

STUPID UNIVERSITY :-)
Pictures won't load.....won't show all comments....look on news feed and under most recent and it's showing stuff from 3 days ago
Its okay
Crash crash crash!!!!! Crashhhhh!!!!i
But why cannot copy any words?
It won't load pictures or videos anymore. Takes a lot of space as well. May just end up deleting it.
Nice app
Facebook freezes now all the time and exiting out and pulling back up doesn't help!! I hate this update. I wish I could go back & not update it.
After an update facebook keeps crashing on my samsung galaxy tablet
Faster way to connect to ur frndz relatives..
Love it

I love Facebook the best he let people connect with each other !! Love u fb
So awsome
Nice
Souls
no komentar..??
Cool app
I think the people who created this app was partially led by the devil. This thing is destroying lives, childrens youth and much more. You can easily say blame it on the user, but for sure there had been studies already yet nothing has been done. Folks! Use this app Godly.
App freezes for no reason. Wifi on... it freezes. Using data... it freezes. Totally frustrating. And why the heck when it does work, I am seeing stories from 6,7 hours ago, sometimes days ago when I want to see the most recent stories. Fix it people...
cobalah

This is so awesome!
Good AppS
facebook
It works faster and prump.
V
Facebiiik
84220030
Great app... love it
My posts no longer have the 'Share' feature. All it says is; 'Like', 'Comment'. I'm highly disappointed. None of my friends can 'Share' a post of mine. I really like Facebook, I've used it for years. It just bugs me when there is a bug, or a glitch in the website & I have to report the issue to the Help Center...
Facebook
Fu#k y'all
Its nice. . . But some bugs cant be bear. . .like loading for 10 minets
Ravindra
It won't let me watch any videos. And I have all the updates but really it does require too much updating. And I've already said no to downloading the messenger app n don't like constantly being offered to download it it's annoying
Ok
My issues: 1. I don't get notified instantly about messages and notifications. I have to manually update the tabs. 2. On pages' posts, I can't see the top comments, only recent comments. 3. I can't reply to comments on pages' posts. 4. Replies are shown as comments on pages' posts. 5. Images and new comments load and appear very slowly. 6. When I upload a new profile picture, I'm forced to crop it into a square. 7. It crashes when I click on a video. This app is a huge disappointment from Facebook.
Be nice to have most recent as a default for the news feed back.  Since i updated to this version it locks up-a LOT!!!  Please fix.
Sankariradha
As of sept 9th it is still crashing ...sick of your crap!!!Still crashing on my tablet and freezes my tablet up!!! Get your s*"': together fb!!!  Would you please fix crashes in fb. It keeps crashing when I click on a person name on need feed. Also keeps crashing doing other things. Please fix this I am tired of the stupid crashes on my tablet
I think not! And who wants to install messenger? If I can give it zero stars I would. I been using my browser for over a month its just fine!
So
waoo
Ani
loved it :* <3
Nice
Grrr... It said no space so l deleted almost everything, but it still won't work! WT...
Galaxy S2 everything was fine, after the update yesterday crash all the time, I can't open it
Dam it takes 154 Mb out my phone
Doesn't allow me to stop notifications which is so annoying.
Wow
Best
better then whatsapp
How to move this app to sd card
I let this update last week and now I am not receiving notifications on my phone when there are postings or if I have requests, etc.  What happened???
Nice app
Nice app
Ok for an app to use that much space an not be able to be moved to sd card is just pure stupidity
Love it
Saw Thain Oo
IF U WERE TO UPDATE MAKE SURE ITS FOR THE BETTER, NOT FOR THE WORSE WHO EVER MADE THIS PROGRAM UPDATED YOU SUCK GO BACK TO BASIC PROGRAMING, I WILL GIVE U MY RATE... OH U DONT NEED ANY RATE...COZ THIS UPDATE SUCK...
we dont need messenger
It keeps freezing and then says not responding on my phone. I hate the messenger and it takes up to much space for just Facebook. Really annoyed hate this app!!! Used to love it...
Full fun
But this new update made it slower, and sometimes It won't open
Osam.....
Cool i am
Vry gud app
But it eats much space
Great app
I love this app.just try to download it.and you'll be loving it too!!!;D
Cant play videos at all on HTC velocity
Sangatt baguss
If i check my inside fb messenger it wont open and it hangs. Now i gotta use messenger from time to time
I don't want massenger..please fix this
Can not install this app again....give me some solution to reinstall it....plz
Really cool app on the phone !!
After the forced introduction of messenger, I am trying hard to stop and make the others stop using facebook apps.
Excellent
Very baaaaad
good app
Please add video downloading option in new version. All other downloaders are pathetic. 02 stars are for Video downloading
go
1year
This is best messanger
Bloody the worst update !! Cannot update status... No properly organised news feed.. Whats wrong
Cucb
facebook
Very useful social networking application
it was ok prior to latest updates. now everthing opens thru  fb browser.  im uninstalling.
love it.....
Gr8
So nice apps...
Excellent

Relationships
Bkt gnun tong fb app ng force close? Graabe amn lgi n lng ng force closed ang fb app sa cp ko.
Bbn
Love it
Good apps
Have to restart my phone whenever i want to access interest lists.  and can't access youtube videos properly.  and there is no option for either issue on report a problem.  Not happy Jan!!!!!
Please fix this because it can consume almost half of my phone memory
Super love it
I took off "auto app", it does it anyway!  I HAVE messenger,  wants to much control.
super like
Like
Takes up too much space and should not have to piggyback other programs to use this one.
Thanks
It is just ok.
I'll give more stars when you guys decide to fix the issues instead of focusing on the stupid layout ;) Id love to check my f'n notifications
Anything related to Facebook is awesome. .
Honestly FB day by day is getting messed up in the name of improvement they're changing everything a lot of good simple stuff which was easy to use is gone and the file size is gone huge killing memory space its also slow on loading page's but now they're basically forcing everyone of us to install FB messenger only for message's you can't even view your message now without installing messenger I really hate this don't need anymore unnecessary apps taking space for something we dont need this was always optional anyways would've given it 4* star but for forcing us they're getting 1* star
Q tab Q300
I lOvE tHiS aPp ReAlLy... Intrust me :p
This is easy to access..
I like it ..
Good social network app.
Very bad version
Home
I love facebook, it keeps me connected to  all my friends and family all across the globe.
i cnt save the photos from inbox thats y i gave 1 star n plus i cnt post videos
I don't think its fair that we have to download two different apps just to use the messager. I only have facebook to be able to stay in touch with family and I think its stupid. I am to the point of deleting Facebook for good.
It use too much space
Not even opening app for me
Bad
Takes up to much space, also don't like how you guys force us to download the messenger app,or how when I go to upload a video it freezes and glitches. Don't think I will be keeping it. I feel this app requires to much of our personal info. Feel like it invades my privacy
What ever!!
But why it takes so much space!
ITS BULLSHIT
Nice
Facebook
Takes up so much space that it is ridiculous
Awesome
It should improved to make group
not loading at all on my computer. Today , was playing up on phone. WTf
I love it really easy to use
:-) :-) :-) :-)
I like the update. The only 2 things I am not a fan of currently is the new messenger app and the inability to save FB pics that are uploaded on your profile.
Bitch not installing
Bethlehem
Anyone who ever downloads anything from play store apparently doesn't read the permissions! Every app on play store has these exact permissions as FB. In fact some have more, lol. I can still message anyone,w/o installing the messenger however the messenger seems to go faster! People shouldn't gripe they should learn to read and speak proper as well as type better too ;)
Do it & Dream it
Too big need to put on SD but it won't go wtf
Got slower, takes up too much space
It is pretty cool I love it
My connection gone
Facebook
Ok
I hve two account fb..the new account got some new feature on fb app.etc:button reply.however,its nothg(button reply) when i log in(use same fb app) on older account.why got diffrent?
I love the convenience,  but it sucks my battery power and my memory.  I refuse to download messenger and uninstall Facebook if I am not using it because of the continuous updates.  I loved the app the first time I installed it,  but use the browser most of the time now.
Go0d apps..
I take my words back ,why cant i install my old account in my smartfhone,yeez so much for connecting with love one.
Nice
Good but it can be best
Please make this app movable to SD card to save memory thanks!
Help my page
nice
My daughter somehow deleted the app on accident. Now that I'm trying to re-download it, it won't let me! Keeps saying there is an "error"!  I would rate 5 stars if it will let me download it!
New update force closes constantly!
Nice
I love FaceBook
After every update some part isn't working.
Love it
Good
It sucks....
Fffff
Works good for what it is made for.
Please make sure if a profile picture is re updated from profile pictures album it is the same picture with retaining likes and comments on it and not making a new picture altogether!
Nice
Wow
Facebook is an amazing way to keep in touch with friends and family.
Tite
Maha gorrela
fb pls the storage of my phone is full because of fb but i want this app
It is taking more time to install so hated it
Why did you separate the messenger? It's very inconvenient. . .
Its good
Hate you zuckerberg
One touch S
Since i updated my Samsung tablet facebook crashes if you try to view anything other than general news feed
Great app, smooth functioning.
Don't download... latest update is a spam... not safe and automatically sends message...
I Love Facebook
Liked
I agree, my internal phone storage was get lost.
Frand
Love face book
Awsome
:-) :-) :-) :-)
it has taking approx 100 mb ram cn u fixed it
Thanks to
This is a so much it is a very very fanteshi
The cover , information, picture.. actually all the things on the top of profile pages disapear.  what happened?? I re-installed and it just be the same!
This app make fb use more easy..
Takes mch space
Jesus can save you from your sin . Amen
Ok
saya amat menyukainya
So so thanks
babujurlah...hehehe
Super
I love it
I like that
ok
Awesome
Horrible battery usage
d previous update is a little ok compared now. it consumes a lot of memory on internal storage... can't use other apps. please make any possible solutions about this. thanks.
Its good but some times it is late to give last seen details
Mullanpur greebdass mohali
Nice
Why this app told me to instal messenger if not I can't chat w my friends what the......pls fix tht n I will give u 5 stars
Love Facebook but wish these "permissions" that give who knows who access to our PRIVATE lives and that u can record/video us without  without us knowing!?!?! That's a little freaky! And an invasion of our privacy!
Hyj
Great App..
oK
Lol
Will never download this app again
Rfhdhk bid hind hibf
very nice application!!!
Dude itzzz awesomee
Because I can friend the  person I want to find....
please change the theme color
I like this aap vry much
its very nice app
Best
I love free calling &  all other stuff so u had provided in this
This update....!!!
Description
Yesss...!
Facebook is very important in my life
My heart my passion
Loved it very much
Great social site. Need to stop hacker and fake pages that pertain virus or more.
We want facebook and along with that we are forced to use messenger which we dont want please fix this.
it consumes lot of internal storage space and slows down the device. Also why am i now forced to download messenger app differently. i dont want to keep it just for messaging purpose so please make it possible again to use it with facebook app itself coz it sucks and i surely dont wanna download messenger at all .. please provide an update for the same.
Basu
Dobry
Its the worst app for facebook. I cant even download it to my phone.  The piece of sh*t
Mahendran
Nothing special.
Awesome
Nice
Nice! !
Just wiggle wiggle
Good       Get
Stories dont flow in with tym. They r always mixed up try en fix it
Saurabh
I like the new integrated browser but it doesn't display video, they play sound but the screen stays black
Nice softwar.........
Its a great
Loveit
Good
It iz taking tym to install
Death
Facebook
Nyc..
Problem with videos and not getting them fixed!
Its really great app and really m enjoying it
It keeps giving msg says something like facebook will stop!!
It nic
Ilove you facebook
I feel like I'm being forced to install the app messenger just to chat with friends on Facebook. I find it unnecessary.
A class
I have you
nice
Nice
This is my favorite facebook.
Santosh  thapa
Every time I get on and go to select the most recent feed from my friends the whole app freezes. Then I have to turn my phone on and off for it to work. This is such crap!
Still a resource exhaustive app....
Looking at dumping Facebook and going with Google+
The app sucked
Love
Forces close all the time...... have time I don't receive my notifications.... and has been running super slow lately!
Its my hobby... Its pat of my life...
Please add option of most recent and top stories
Haven't been able to watch a whole video for ages!  Be uninstalling soon I think! **update** can't watch a video at now, absolutely rubbish!
Repair plz
Great apps!!!
New look of Facebook looks good
Takes much storage space with both the app and the messenger installed
Yoyo
Best quality app
Hllo dosto this is so existing
Yeah! It is slow I guess?
Bekar app hai .local.uninstall
Friends easy relationship share photos and videos
I love it
Just a few quick points. #1 WAY TOO MUCH MEMORY BEING USED! As soon as I downloaded this update, I instantly uninstalled it. It used up too much memory, which is causing my phone to give me errors. I've never had that problem before! #2 I DO NOT WANT FACEBOOK HAVING ACCESS TO MY CONTACTS OR MY CALENDAR. TAKE MESSENGER OFF OF THE UPDATE!  Facebook is becoming big brother, and no body is happy about it. Just read your other reviews. Thanks, and please fix these issues!
Super
We should use the facebook in good sense unfortunately the bad sence people going toward permanently empty of his inner side of body and good sences people is against the bad thinking and habits respectively
Good but not exellent
But this cannot to be dwnloaded bcoz of error 498
I would give 5 stars bit the problem is that it force closes when I want to post a picture or a video
thanx for facebook
Great
Osm
You guys need to fix this asap no lies folks, Cant stand this whole downloading the messenger to write people on my app cmon facebook and I never have any room in my phone now whats going on though ??????
Updated facebook on my phone last week :( new version takes all my memory how can i get back on the old version help
Very good ^_^
A++++
Excellent
Goods  blessed  my  all  fb  friend
I love facebook
Won't allow you to sort your news feed by most recent. Forces you to use messenger, but won't let you clear message notifications from this app if you don't want messenger. This version is frustrating to the point that I might just uninstall it and use the browser.
This app is always forcefully shutting down with no warning and I hate that we need messenger to make calls and chat.
Good working
Very good
Dam
Since the last update I can't run videos.  Why fix one thing only to mess up something else?
i like this so much...
Cant install comes up in incompatible app
Wat rubbish app is this
This update uses too much space in internal memory.. Fix this.
Exelent
I like it man :D
Nice
Levley app
my phone gets slow w/it..
Adding embedded browser is a brilliant idea. However, it can't play web videos properly. It plays only audios. Please fix this. Many thanks!
Love it
Its good
Almost 1day trying to install fb but then it says Facebook can't download due to error connection...y my net has connection but fb nothing so annoying!!!
Its a great app other than all the hacking.
Having a hard time changing password and then keeping it to stay logged in keeps telling me wrong password to reset it then blocks me saying I try to many times. Please fix. Thank you!
Very good app
Why does this app constantly freeze? Update needed. Galaxy Note 3.
it's not goob..
Rangu
Easier to use now!I Great App!
I think by now you should have got the message!!!!!!! It is ugly. Quess i will try twitter
Everything
Facebook
Should call it phonehack not facebook !!! Android is becoming   unsafe 2 use !!!
Auto cache cleaner should be there
I can't download facebook
Every time update it,its getting worst and worst and worst! Cant save to sd card so the internal storage getting low. Cant download more apps.. Please fix it!
Don't install it
I LOVET IT
Facebook
Love to each other.we have to do the right things......
Very good
Plz fix it to move in sd card becouse lot of space if u fix i rate 5  star
Its. . Ok. But not good
Easy to access
Yes
It is awesome
It  is  not  safe  for  future
It is taking so much space in my phone and cant move to external memory after so many users complaining of this facebook till now not given solution for this.facebook team solve this issue please
I've tried posting comments on friends' pages and I'm often finding that they won't post. I have to use the browser just to comment. This app is useless!
Convenient but uncomfortable to use
Facebook
Why does it stop after every 15 minutes? I have to relaunch the app every time...
Bagus!
Nice like
Lol
Best kot
A great app for checking my Facebook on the go, but now it's nearly useless... Ever since messaging was taken away, I hated it, because I could only message through my internet browser... Messenger is untrustworthy and it doesn't sync with the Facebook app, and it even kept shutting itself down and it decided not to work on my phone at all. And so this app became useless to me. I'll just go on Facebook through my phone's internet browser. Ciao...
Videos lag like hell !! Takes up way to much memory and no one wants to have to download an additional messaging app once again using more memory!  Ridiculously ludicrous
Why do you don t listen to your user this application is bad becouse the massanger please fix it
Nice
Its just user friendly
Don't want to download messenger to see my messages
Nice
Simple
'Iam' like
Yooook yo honey singh man......yo
I love facebook
Good looks
Facebook keeps on crashing everytime I used it. Please fix. I'll give 5 stars if fixed. Thanks. Samsung Galaxy Note 2.
Like
Without Facebook no life true
Awesome
Nice
Can't install my Facebook on my cell, Plz help.
It installs alright but when i want to log in it just says application stopped then quits itself.Not happy at all
Good
i like it
Ok
Still u r not listening to ur users!!! >_< Discusting!!
I like it
I like pic's art
Great
Facebook is great social site. everybody should use it in good way.
Nice
Gud
Please fix bugs. Images not loading though wi-fi or mobile network.
Nice
Nyc
Ajim
Crashed

MasuM Gaji
nice
Just want to rate it haha!!,but it cool and my FB is getting fast!!
I cannot play videos... always pops up something went wrong. Please also can guys make an update for us to download the videos.
It's amazing aap
Good
It should be installed on sd card but still it consuming space on phone memory! :-/
C'mon its facebook. What else do I have to say? 1 billion downloads speaks for itself. Takes up all my space and can't move to SD card. 4 stars for hat.
Ok
I like it
Slooow
Unable to download !
V good
Nice app
It worked good
Where did the option to NOT get notifications from photos we are tagged in/posts we commented on - go? Please put it back!
Messager
This is a good app through which we can chat wid frnds and etc etc....
What's wrong with you?! Please fix it.
Fb
Facebook
Just hate it..need more space n ram..
At last you change it the fb.....cool!
W
FB is brilliant!!! You can't do much in the world now without being required to have a Facebook account. From jobs to government and everyday life. It is preloaded onto your mobile phones What a joke. I use it and it can be a great tool. Wow that's all I can say
Nice
Nice
Good but heavy
Good
This is the best social site netwk
Hiiipower
Compulsory messenger installation required inorder to view messages...
Idk its weird I hate I had to get messenger and it won't let me save photos that makes me mad
Very good
Amazing
Good
Messenger is awful!!!! It kept going back to my home page after i had a message written, then when i would go back to messenger, my entire written message is gone and have to write all over again. Uninstalled it and WONT be adding it back!!!
Jong123456

It keeps freezing. I've had to uninstall and reinstall countless times in the last 2 weeks.
Time west
I got a mobile and internet sucked on it , so I downloaded this amazing app ... works well
Thanks
Good
Very good
Sokha driver
V good
I hate that you now have to download messenger just to read your messages. dissapointed,very !
buffering
Love it
<3
Not really good. It takes up so much space on my phone. Space is always getting low:-(
Pankaj jain
Dont you ever read the reviews?? This app is just getting worse and more worse
Cannot upload my video,im so disappointed!!!
I am so in luv with fb if u dont have a fb u r crazy who couldnt luv fb
Interface needed to be changed
Yep
Wont install .
Poor
This app takes up too much space on my phone, I only have 2 apps, facebook and messenger, dont download on your mobile device it will screw it up
Facebook
Lover's over bitches.
08/09/2014
When you click on the name of another page the app closes, frustrating.  If you want to see the news feed for hours ago and you get to something you want to click and see, when you come back it automatically takes you back to the top, not where you left off.  Could be much better....
Very good
please fix. facebook use too big storage
Azul
Family and friend
Good
great
The apps seems good but somethimes dosent work at all even though i had network

Great app
Helps my work
It Jus takes tooo much space!!!!
Hey Please Fix This Because It Overheats My Phone,It Keeps Running Even When I'm Not Using It,And Clean Master Detected It As The Only App That Causes My Phone To Overheat.
Samru
Nice
Supar
My phone had a system update the it removed my builtin fb app now when I download fb app it comes up incompatible update please help as I hate having to use google the search fb just to login
After updating my android to 4.4.2 every time i try to install Facebook, appears error saying incompatible update! What should i do?
Since the most recent update,  app won't play videos in links.  :(
I have installed and uninstalled...app keeps closing. I'm going to uninstall and just go through the web because this app is useless if it's going to keep closing
My life is awesome
Poor
Not so Bad.. Not so Good..!!
The good app
Hi
I wish
Awesome
I dont like this why have both apps really takin to much space on phone get them separated again
I'm like many of the other users and am really disappointed by how much space this app and messenger use on my phone. If it must be so big, at least allow us to save to an SD Card and not using all our internal memory. I've lost all my games now because the size keeps increasing.
Facebook
Good
After update uninstall itself and now will not download.
Suppa
Un installed old one to use messenger still. Pics don't load it has errors loading.  Hate it!
Most worst app that i have ever seen dont download  and waste ur time
amazing app.. enjoy fun
Will not play video with this update it sucks
The world is very beautiful only for f.book.
Meh... Its soso.. Would like to be able to move to SD.. Could really care less about needing messenger app.. Hardly message people on fb.. Just fix ur apps storage please
Thanks for the connection with family and friends.
New Messanger is horrible. I will Uninstall fb when they change my messenger
Perfect APP 
Great
My facebook has been logging me off after a minute or so and its so ANNOYING! !!! I dont know if me unistalling Messanger App has something to do with it but PLEASE FIX IT!!!!
Nice app
Feeling funny...
The feel of the app just isn't natural anymore. I have tons of issues like I'm sure everyone does. My main one though is the messenger. .. i don't use it much like maybe once a month so I'm not going to download another app to use it once a month. I'm thinKing of leaving fb at least from my phone
Whenever I want to pick a picture to post, my photos will load very slow. Please troubleshoot this matter ASAP.
It has gotten better. One problem now is, quite often when I open the app up it says setting up Facebook for awhile, then it finally says just a moment for a little bit. I don't know why i have to keep waiting and waiting so often to be able to use the app.
M.B
I don't get pop up messages for notifications anymore. Need fixed! Was working earlier and it stopped working.
LUV IT
Very good.
Social media
No way I'm ever installing this app again!!!
Cool
Its a good app but it kicks me out every 15 min
Facebook is the best app ever love it
Nice aap
Keeps sending notification of being logged out when I'm logged in. And keeps repeating until I log out. Very annoying
Like it ofcourse my favorite app
Sanju
Tho
If I install messenger my phone won't work properly. Some apps quit working all together. I have to uninstall messenger and facebook, then reinstall facebook to get my phone to work correctly. Fix please.
Again automatic location tagging option disable! :-(  Fixed its.
I'm n the same boat allenray is In. I tried reloading fb for a few days now n it won't let me. What's going on. Answers plz
Excellent
NOt shOo happY wiith thiis app ..
Takes to much space and i hate the fact that i have to have a messenger just to read my messages
I app is very god
It would better if it could move to sd card.
like
Why does it need so much of your info? I understand it's social networking, but do they really need so much of your information in order to make the app functional? More of an personal information collector than something to use to keep in touch with family and friends.
I am uninstalling it, it takes up a ton of storage. As well as it requires a ridiculous amount of permissions such as reading my texts. It won't let you use private messages unless you get messenger which takes more space and requires more permissions. I can just use a bookmark on the full site.
A service for the selfserving
Great
Faster, batter, smart,
Some features are not available and some are great
Slow recover
Popular media to come together with human beings.
Mmmm its ok.....
Nice
Facebook now let's reads your messages in the app again
Love it
Very cool app and it works just fine
A gOod tym buDdy
Hmm.
Error loading newsfeed. Its Sunday and my most recent posts in newsfeed are from last Thursday. Want to delete Messenger app? Just go to FB on your web browser and then you can check your messages.
Nice features
Awesome app
I can't even open it. Too much updates. It sucks. Can't even post something. Please fix this app. -_- The users really hate it!
best
X bagusnya balik2 upgred...
It uses up my memory space and i haven't even logged in yet this app update is pure out bs !!
Very very gratefully
Very good
Way too much permission. And now app closes randomly. So not worth your time
Ram conception the only issue
:)
Wtf is that update for I can watch videos outside facebook anymore!
Having issues with the app crashing continually.
This app work well for me
Yea
It's crap
Great
It is messed up on samsung 3 tablet, i can't go to any of my friends pages or it will kick me completely off! Please  fix or i'm deleting!
Relieve for stress
That messenger app is Gov. the police looking into people messages how can they force you to download the app if you don't want it just to message your friends smh delete it!!!
Nice
Love it
Download problem, why? I want it to be downloaded easily.
Please bring back  messages option.. I dont like messenger... It is irritating...
Good
Goodstuff
I love it and how it let's u talk to yo people
Uh its alr.
Description
This site is really good I like it
I like this application but my really concern is its always logged to my phone and it stopped by itself my phone is w390 garnet plz reply for wat im going to do wth my phone thank you.
Could you please include an option for users to send files (documents) directly from the gadget? Thanks.
This update sucks
I like this apps
I can com. My friends and fam. In abroad and i met new people nice work guys
jadam
Dont download this app
Hi all is well
nothing to say very nice
The best app made eve
Letest
Malebennur
Excellent this app
Its just  ...
I don't like the fact that you are giving total access to your phone and that there is no other way to get it on there without agreeing.
Love it even more
Why would you make me scale and crop a photo to make it my profile pic when on the computer, I'm able to use the full picture. NOT HAPPY
Old post keep popping up at the top of my newsfeed
Facebook  sucks.
Why? I tap the top right and no choice to stop notifications. It worked before
The last version what I used failed almost all the time, I hope this works better
It keeps closing
Nice
It take too much storage memori phone
Takes up to much space
I don't like that it made me download the messenger
I can move this application to SD card
Good
App automatically closes within a few a seconds of opening
Great
It automatically goes back to the top them I have to spend five or ten mins to find where I was
Lit team #TeamLit
Why do old post show up in my news feed.....not seeing recent posts since the latest update.  Very very very very very very very frustrating.  I want to see real time posts not ones that are days old. Really FB? Stop messing with my news feed.
good
It won't load my news feed
Also gud
Ap keeps freezing since update.  Every time I scan down news feed it freezes for ages not happy!.
TARIQUL
Sucks I have to go to browser.
I don't like this,  its lost of time -.-      Jk I can't download it :-:
The app keeps freezing. So over it
works great dudes lol
Terbaik..
Its awesome
Great
Love fb
Fast and nice
1
I like it!
Good app
Nice
Cctv camera security system
Nuff said

Great people
Love this
At least on MySpace you don't have to download a separate app just for messaging that's more inconvenient space used for what purpose exactly
Very thankful
I love Facebook
Local
Deben optimizarla mejor
Very slow page loads.... and picks more memory
It takes too long to load...doesn't always work very fast or correctly ...not a huge fan but it's OK.
Great....
Thanks...great app now I can,meet nd talk to people
Using too much space & I hate to download messager  app just to read my messages
Ilove facebook
Super excited
Its good for upload any pics...
It want let me download the app
Doc mahesh
Good ^^
A little more needed... but good
Real nigga
this app is amazing!! i love Facebook and... instagram. its easy to share all my pics, videos and statice
Lovelymusksnritu
After How Many Months!! I can't still Upload Photos!!! What Happened To Facebook??? Please fix this now!! My friends are complaining why i cant upload photos!! Because Of Facebook i cant upload Photos!!!!
I guess its alright. Its kind if  irritating when you go on the messages and it keeps on telling me to install facebook messenger
Facebook is so disappointing. Fix or im uninstalling it. It won't upload my videos ! You guys need to stop! It's of no use to me anymore. Wow STUPID
Why are you forcing us to install messenger ????
so nice
On facebook I have a lot of friends
Good app
I only have one issue. It says that I need to authorize HTC Sense to access my Facebook account through it. When I try, it just throws me back to my home screen. Please fix this in the next update. I'm using an HTC ThunderBolt running ICS 4.0.4
Good
The application work like you playing the old version of Mr. Pac-Man , it sucks
Nice
If facebook has videos call will be good than other social media. For my idea

Good
Keeps shutting down on my android tablet. Very frustrating trying to comment on posts! Fix this fast or im uninstalling
Swati
Its nice to stay in contact with old friends
Exelente
I want to delete this account and it won't allow me to do it !!!
Its good
dtwurityi
Great app! Very clear picture than other phone app models I've used in the past. Sometimes photo loading takes a moment but that is expected. Overall very useful and works fine.
Most recent update? default to opening links through fb itself instead of going to the site it originated from. problem is, now i can't open ANYTHING. even if i choose my own browser! anything i click on instantly freezes my phone. huge battery killer. stop adding new things if they don't work or require fb to be the ONLY app my phone has room. dear Facebook i hate that i need you to stay in contact with family half way across the world.
Error -24 I have plenty of space what's the problem?
After evry 2 min the app force colses!!!
Fb gooddddd
I like it
I try to go look at my friends page and it exits out by its own and it wont let me ever see there page
i will try first
Facebook is awesome but the kids are trouble
Its nic
Worst app in my life it spoil my all family
Will not show post notifications on my screen since the update . I have to go to Facebook to see if there are any comments. Please fix!
Ever
It works
Download everyone..nice app
I haven't been able to launch the app for an entire day now. Keeps crashing before opening the newsfeed and even uninstalling the updates and updating the app again wouldn't work. Very upsetting.
Love it...^_^
Your app wants to much of my privacy info its no one's business but mine what's on my phone it freezes up shuts down looking at pitchers it blinks and reloads them I don't wont or like the message add-on your getting carried away with the up dates all and all stop being butting in on our phone information there is a privacy law that should apply here were you can go through people's information on there own equipment but don't pertain to the helpers of the big brother so I deleted your stick your nose in to
Quit reminding me that I have a message on messenger! if I can't read it via Facebook app, then stop telling me via the Facebook app. I am not going to download your NSA inspired app.
1256
yummy
I have Galaxy S4 and they removed the option to turn off auto play. It's still on my husband's HTC one. I don't get it. Fix it or one star.
Sick sucker made this shit apps he eat is own shit like Facebook shit
F U Facebook, not only have you taken away the Most Recent Feed option, the new update doesn't display all the threads! Plus it no longer synchronizes with my address book! Totally useless!
Need "Get notifications" button in app too
Eats up most of the internet bandwidth.
What about the messages? Seriously I need to download facebook messenger? So stupid...
Everytime I opened this, it always setting up. It takes a lot of time. Over and over again.
I wish I had never installed this last update. My news feed always shows an error and won't let me update my feed unless I turn off my phone and power back on. This is so annoying and inconvenient. I really hope you can fix this because I am no longer enjoying Facebook on my Galaxy S3 phone. Uggghhh!!
Its really take horrible time to jst open...
Awesome
awesome
Not bad
Kiss mii
Good
Love this :D
Its not even opening
Very useful app just love the ease of use
We can chat
bad
When I open my Facebook and go to my messages it won't stop asking to to download Facebook messager I dont see why I have to download it to see my messages other than that I love it
Its good so you don't have go to enternet browser all the time
I want my stories back that have new comments,  why do need to scroll for it to see if there are updates... fix it.. ugh and on top if that I can't uninstall this  "update". I don't want the FB messenger, just let me send messages without the additional app and/or additional privileges
Nice
Cute the lates fb
I really love it becoz of this i m in.contact with my family and friends aswell...
Error,, unfortunately error.....
Its alright still keep n touch with ur love ones
Look. You add a new Ui which is great and all. But let's start fresh. Get the basics working again. Then slowy add new features.
Do you NOT read what your users want?  Here's my rant:  I open the FB app, check my notifications, then go to newsfeed, manually switch to "most recent" (psssssttt.....everyone wants this to be the default, haven't you heard?!?), scroll a bit,  check a new notification, then back to newsfeed to find that, AGAIN, my newsfeed has switched back to your default of "top stories" and I have to change it back to " most recent" YET AGAIN.  Get a clue FB and change this, would you please?  We read our newsfeed like we read the news.....we want TODAY'S stories NOW, as soon as a we open the app.  We do not want yesterday's news that we've already seen.  It seems that makes sense to everyone but YOU, FB.
It takes too much space
Because my mother scold I spend too much of time in facebook
The app keeps getting less and less useful with every update, and now that Messenger is required, I'm just going to the mobile Web page. Still lousy, but at least it doesn't take room on my phone.
good
I love it
I can't reinstall the app I accidently deleted. I get an error message everytime. I wonder if it has anything to do with me not having messenger. This sucks.
The photos never load, irrespective of how fast the internet connection is. And no option to delete or edit comments!
Its fine with my S3...I just don't like what Im hearing about Messanger!
It Suckes.
Ravi shankar singh
The permission requirements rob you of your privacy
Nosey apps in my phone
Great to find old friends and family
Awsome
Best n best
Cool
Banging
So its getting better day by day :D
Nice
After the update I can't use FB at all. Why facebook, why?
Looking
Meh!
Is this a good app or no?
Doing good.
Baby get help from these damm fools can't tell them they never sent confirmation codecuz they think their never wrong.
It is Cool....!!!
Good
the  spaces it takes up is ridiculous i want to take less space 1 star
Chngin
Like
Sometimes it will not load.
just awful very very poor app
Facebook
too big app
Loved it
Today...Sunday, Sept. 7, 2014.....I usaually tap on my FB icon and automatically it takes me to my PAGE!!  Today, it says it wants my PASSWORD, in which I cannot remember at the moment!!!   Why the CHANGE????  Like if anyone  is going to reply to my comment!!!
Vera
I love it.
I love this app
I love facebook but I have to agree with many others that are also having problems ...I have FB and since the last update removed all of my other apps bummer ...... Some of us dont have the money to buy newer phones We try to work with whst We have ........
Takes up to much space on my internal storage
Needs like 12 apps for it to work how its supposed to. Messenger is the worst.
Cant reply to a comment
Can not view synced photos please fix on samsung galaxy s4
Super
Like
I Love Fb, great way to reconnect with your loved ones.
Literally crashed 6 times in the last 10 minutes... get it together!
Good
Nice
Great app
Works great
Typical
hmmmmm
Suva
Loaded that stupid messenger and it screwed up Facebook. Tried to reinstall Facebook and got this 22 error.
Hi
att ah
Its too much space nd memory usage
When I tap to watch video, the app force closes. Get it together. Will have to uninstall unless you come up with a "fix".
This App takes up so much space already so why do we need to download messenger ?
Ashrafur rahman
More exccelent
It's so slow
<3 it
Awesome!!!
Facebook keeps freezing, I have uninstalled and reinstalled multiple times. I always have to force close the app. It's getting very annoying
I cannot post, can't find friends, or anything else for that matter! I HATE this new version......GARBAGE!!!!!
This
Great
I really cannot stand viewing my newsfeed out of chronological order, and using the most recent feed still doesn't completely fix the issue.  I may be a little OCD about it, but it is pretty ridiculous that that option is gone now. So until I can sort my newsfeed properly on the app I am done with it and will have to stick to the web version.
Everytime I login its says trouble loading feed..wasn't doing that till the update.Takes forever for the app to load so I can login.Please Fix
To much space and I didnt need the updated version.I liked the old version better.I didnt want messenger to chat.Please go back.Dont like change:-\
This app is so slow it takes forever to load things. Also why should I have to download messenger it just takes up more space
To much stock  and not working nasly
Can't like statuses, pictures, comments because it won't let me, the things I Like get Unliked without me knowing, for example I would like a status, get off the app, hours later I get on the app to find out my likes on anything gone as I never liked the thing to begin with...... FIX
Facebook is going good and everything is great so i got no problems with it.
It consume more space of mobile storage and can't move into SD card!!!! Its space reaches to 70mb although its original memory is 18 to 20mb....
Haven't play fb for 4 month now.. Nice apps
It keeps exiting me out every 2-3 seconds wtf is this?
Easy To Reach to Your Friends
Nyc app
Unsatisfactory. Over all just blah. Shouldn't have to install messanger to dm. Very unhappy. 1 star at best
App need search in groups ....please
Error -24

It takes up too much space & memory.
Asdgghjkl -.-
Suzy Threadgill
Awesome; it's fast and keeps me up to date
Scam
This app takes up so much space in internal memory! I had to clear its cache memory every 2 or 3 day! It can't be moved to SD card as well!
Danish or German.  I don't have a clue  where I can report it.
No one wants to install messenger! -.-
Wow
Fb
It is a great app which i loved it.
Nice working carry on this apps
Closes after a few seconds. :/
Active
Easy..
this apps i cannot download why
Loved it is awesome
Good
FACE BOOK
I'm taking the fb for best result
Facebook
Cool
A lot Battery and memory consumption.. But except this. Evrythng is good !
1 number hai re
Love
It takes up to much memory I only have facebook, messenger and kik and it says my memory is over loaded!!!!!
This sucks now after three seconds facebook just quits itself
Real Talk Alert and Aware........
Its regular facebook on a phone but dosnt have messenger thoe
I will not submit to your stupid messenger demands so goodbye.
Good
Love it!
Amazing
facebook
Anoying irelevant alerts
Listening in on phone calls
Sucks
good
Awesome :)
Facebook is for old people
Takes forever to log in
Even more awesome sauce
It won't download!!!???? How's these better than the last one?
It doesn't work half the time. It won't hardly let me share others pages on my pages! What's up with that?? Fix it!
Account
Pls install
That's great.
Facebook
Excellent
Since update I cannot watch any videos that get posted.  Aggrivated! Really starting to hate this app! Also, the insisted use of the messenger app is bs!
best for life and easy calling to friends
Always error
what  the  hack
This app just updated and now closes after a few mins of use and sometimes sooner. Will not let me share comments.
Very nice
By
Good app
Very good social media to contacted everyone pupils
Fix it ever since I did the update it now has a big habit of shuting down and sending you back to your home screen......FIX IT!!!!
I hate these social network things... THEIR SO ANNOYING
Love it
I really love this web site .the only problem I have right now is I love playing candy crash n suddenly the facebook crush on me cuz it seems like the candy crush can not connect to face book WHAT SEEMS TO BE THE PROBLEM.. FACEBOOK..what are u doing...can u please. Help  me on this one pls..
Dos 3
Invasion of privacy. Can't move to SD card. Takes up way to much room...
Good
its been great every time i use this apps
Keeps turning on my gps
Keeps on saying "setting up Facebook" after I logged out..
I'd like the option of so rting members list and abi to make docs
It's so fantastic
This takes up to 96 mb
Please give the option to move the files to the phones sd card
Its great I love face book
Doesn't show me news feed, friend requests or notifications half the time.
Palat nyor
so many bugs. kindly fix it. thx
This App is weely good!
I always have to uninstall and reinstall before I can use this new version of Facebook.
I can't play any video anymore. I have reported my problem 4 times and still no f**king help. Can someone at facebook company get off your a** and help please
The internal browser is slow and doesn't even open videos on webpages. Can't even render most pages properly. Facebook is becoming a more annoying platform each day.
Good
Its good except that the messenger is now mandatory.. Fix this and I will rate 5 stars
verry good grapics and etc .
Kik me @ ChrissyyChriss .
It doesn't let me change my settings cant see my friend list completely fix it I hate this app
Ugh! changes every week,takes so much space, and keeps freezing my phone. now it wont let me like anything. Emailed fb several times and they still havent seen improvement
this is the day that a lord has made.
Fb
Medical Lab Technologist
Thanks for you
Great
Love Facebook app is good except for messaging app being separate
Love it
Book face is force closing now
I hate how we NEED to download messenger in order to chat with people. its STUPID! smh
It won't let me download it back saying storage space full but its not helppp me
owesome app
The facebook app is a Good app
facebook for android is dissapointed,the performance is too slow! please do fix the performance...
This Facebook app is kinda slow but i get everything i need and i thank you for it :) бдбш
After many attemps, still didn't receive any message at all.  Please fix.  Android 4.4 Samsung S3
In jjjjjjjkj
Love it
Ang ganda grabe
No SD card options.  I don't want it on my ram. The messenger app deleted. So much memory usage. This app fails. May as well use the desktop FB page on the Net to access FB. 1 star
I hope you help me to update my FB app... Thanks...rzl
Videos won't play the loading sign keeps going round.
The video player part will not play anymore ! Another new update . Another video player screw up . Stop updating if every other one screws up watching videos on fb !
Takes up so much space
Val Rob
Why i cant download this app..it always say unknown error code during application install: "919"
Everytime I go into FB, it Force Closes! EVERYDAY! All Day, come on please fix this is crazy now
Doun load
Requires too many permissions and you can't message anyone anymore.
Awesome
Using on my galaxy tab 3 and as long as I'm only scanning my news feed, it seems to work fine. The moment i try to like or share a post the app closes. Doesn't even crash to the point of allowing me to send in an error report - just back to my main screen. Not happy. I'd leave Facebook all together if it wasn't the onlh way to keep up with my neices ans nephews.
nice..
facebook it so nice
Uses too much memory. Print too small
reinventing the wheel square is not better, and pushing the app ontop of the os makes me uninstall
Makes your phone super slow!
Gary's phone loving it now it's updated now I just hope its faster
0 star for messenger though
The new update makes my phone lag terribly!
Not beter than before
Love New da update but I cant play video I hve HTC sensation xe
Nice app
Still don't like how the Facebook app wants complete privancy control over your phone and hijacks your phone. Removing messaging to an even more annoying app makes it even worse. I installed Apps Ops Starter to remove all the permissions.
I need a mini version of Facebook, this one uses a lot space
Error nd slow
Facebook automatically loads and plays videos now. This keeps crashing the app on my phone. There should be a way to disable autoplay.
Good
I have to wait hours before I see recent updates on both my page and my friends. But I love my social media so I continue to come back!!! *let's just be serious*
Hola amiga
I hate that messenger prompt
Awful
ilike it to communicate
The whole interface is horrible.
This update made my Tab 3 useless to view FB. Seems like every couple of updates and they screw it up. They are too busy trying to spy on us than to develop a user friendly app.
It always force closes
You have to click most recent news feed because Facebook want you to watch what they want you to watch& LOOK AT ..ALL ABOUT CONTROL !
Its still annoying that the issue with most recent still doesn't work properly. Even changing back to top stories, then going to most recent again works until you close the app. Then it's back to top stories, even though most recent is ticked! Needs to be fixed! *update* Changed my rating to one star simply because I can't choose zero. Not only is the way you choose most recent awful, but also the fact you HAVE to have the messenger app to read and write messages. Hate the Facebook "web" browser thing"
It's okay
S
nice
I don't wanna install facebook messenger but this app forces me to install the messenger and don't let read my messages...
Won't sync contacts
Nice
Can't download it it says error -24 which sucks Cuz I luv facebook . it used to work on my old phone but I bought a new tab now and it doesn't work here.....please help and fix soon....
I love it but sometimes its download slow but its a greaat app
Cant change my newsfeed from top news to most recent. :(
I m loving it
The app keeps shutting down and closing ever few seconds cant go do anything with out closing! !!! Tried to uninstall and reinstall but no luck this is horrible!!!! Need to fix this
Kitri ghogale
This app is a joke since up date. I can not load any videos please fix.
Nice app l like too much
Go
I like some times I'm personal
Take up to much space on your phone
Jjjjj
Faecbook
Not sure what's going on..last couple of days...open FB to have it close a few seconds later. Works just fine on Samsung S4....but I've uninstalled and reinstalled on tablet..continues to just close within a few seconds.
Joke
Facebook
Besides you guys taking up needed internal memory is the hidden thumbnails folder in my DCIM. But only good thing about you guys is, no wait there isn't one. At least I can delete the hidden folder to free up space and still be able to use my camera.  But this app you can't... tsk.tsk.
Its a good app..
GOOD APP !!!!!!!!!!!!
Hello
Very Good
Salamlar
Darwn
I hate how we can't permanently change the settings to recent news. Not top stories. I get "top stories" from a week ago! Wth. I just want recent statuses not old ones!
Fb lover
Kailali,Nepal
*******VERY GOOD....... BETTER....... BEST.......*******
doog
Cant play any videos. Tss. Fix it!
Loved it
It dead
move it to the sd card!!!
Wont let you move to SD card, it takes up way to much internal memory to where I have to delete alot of things off my phone that I dont want to... Seems like its always freezing too.
Nice and easy to ise
Fun
R
It closes after 2 seconds
Never play regardless of signal strength, layout is vile. Facebook is sheet! UPDATE: facebook videos now playing, but will only play the entire video about 2% of the time before 'sorry this video cannot be played' comes up. So yes, it's still awful, don't even get me started on this extra messenger application, what a load of toss! UPDATE: It's even worse, videos still don't play but rather than throw an error message up it just freezes, the app feels leggy and slow regardless to what I do, AWFUL!
Great
Its so so cool got most of my family on it too
Cool but messenger huh
it's become very slow the divice.
Forces you to have a separate app to chat consuming more resources to do the same thing the old version did.
I like fb...
3rd
I like Facebook I just hate that it keeps telling me that my newsfeed can't refresh every single day and never refreshes.
Laugh even louder
Loved it
Why do we have to install " messenger " To view our messages ? And facebook is unfriending all my facebook friends . Why is that facebook.
Wah wah
The best app in the world
Would like it if I could move it to my sd card, it takes up to much memory space and slows down my phone
Use  this app regular
It is stuck for long time...i m not happy from your app...and get more space any time..
Kfghkl
Keeps force closing since tablet updated to 4.4.2 kitkat
Good keep up
dont like the fact that when i sign on all the times its all old posts not new ones
Chettri
Always force close on my galaxy tab 3 10.1 P5220 after the last upgrade is so annoying while browse fb
Love
Amazing, an easier way to update statuses and photos helped me understand
Facebook force closes for no reason since Samsung's recent software update

it is facebook it is nice very ggood and easy app
You don't want this app.... It can do everything with your phone if you agree. Take photos, record videos and conversations, edit, read, forward text etc.
Love my facebook been using for years, new update won't let me save to sd card taking up lots of ram on my phone causing serious lag please fix thank you using samsung epic 4g
Y
Every time I comment on anything, it shuts down and sometimes doesn't show the comment I've put. Thought it was just on my phone but does it on other devices :-(
Nic app
Takes to much of space and can't move to SD card the worst part
Awesome & fabulous.......
Very good
Very good indeed.
Adnan
I m lovin it.....
Now i cannot load any video from youtube , and the anoying messenger keeps taking all of my ram, YOU SHUCKED
It exits out when I try to post or share on my Samsung Galaxy Tab 3.  Just started this week.
Nice app
To the like.

Nice....:)
Too much privacy exposure
A global social phenomenon!
So slow on my samsung ace
Pakau hai par mujhe pasand hai.
Whoooooi
Like being on facebook.cause I can talk to family an friends
kibolibo
I loveit
Good
Lovely
Zube.bale
SALMAN SHAIKH .786
It's now a tool for businesses to launch information at me. Marketing companies ruins all our fun!
My Facebook app will no longer work because I attempted to upload a short video through my G3, and it just said "starting upload".  And stayed like that. Every time I open the app it exits and freezes. Cannot get rid of the upload notification now.
I have tried many time but this app not download
Neat
Another Facebook update. I'm cool with it
Can't even message any more with this POS. Takes up too much resources and can't be moved to SD card
It is very very bad to much. M to facebook se bahut bor ho chucka tha but whats aap is very  good.i liked it and facebook takes very very space i hated it.
Love it no problem
It's awesome..!!
Andres ecsalante
Why force users to download the messenger app. I don't use Facebook for heavy chatting to have an app dedicated for sole purpose. And now I'm stuck with using two apps that chews my phone's memory and drains battery.
Facbook
Its awsomw!!!!!!!!
Its working nice
Great app
Difficult downloading updates since the demerger of Fbk messenger....
Fantastic
Very good
I don't want to install your messenger! Why would you take it out? Even without this grave drawback, this app has too much to improve before it can be usable.
It takes up to much space on my fone. U should make it where you can load it to ur memory card.
No way will we keep this BS on our phones! And the PPRIVACY is pretty bad as well! What were you thinking FB dictactors?? Not cool, unrealistic demands, enough is enough already!
,K
If it takes less memory to stay it ll be fine..
Closes out. Freezes. Just plain hate it now
Takse up so much space
Y is my facebook freezing all the time now smh
Quite go0d
I will write after using the app actually I  am using first time
Mata nasto
Awsm aap
Good
Est feb ever
Otherwise no.1
Good
Love it
Add new feature
Before it was good but after upgrade it's disgusting and worst. App shuts down if we play video
Excellent
Organisasi remaja romantiz
Love it
Nice app. We can Connect to all frnd. I luv it.
Good job
Its good.
Friends
Great no regret
So slow.
Stop udating...this is terrible
Videos are not showing on YouTube from Facebook. Please fix it.
Don't like the idea of having to use messanger  to get messages.
Great
Can't install
Starting to suck a bit...constantly freezing and forcing restart. WTF????? ...S5
No description
The only way to catch up with the world!
Awesome
Its not even such a great app and it takes to much space used 1 GB last month went into it 4 times!!??
Best
Its great
Good way to talk to past friends. And family
I hate the new messenger. Go back to the way it operated before or face the consequences of users dumping Facebook all together. You're not listening to your users. To top it off, you're new update is a memory hog. WTF?
I love u all
I really needed this app
The app works fine exept theres a bug that says every post and comment was posted just now
Slow app
Love
Wow
5 stars at me.
Design is good. But, It takes more space. Thus, consumes more battery.!!
It don't move to SD card but for every one want to move it to SD card you can use another app to move it like Link2SD I used it to move facebook and bbm to the SD card
Since you changed the submit botton, every time I try to make a comment I get kicked out of the app.
I like it
Nicr
Good
It doesn't connect to wifi !
can't get my newfeeds, stops working a lot, usually I reinstall it
Book that having a information, like facebook having a information about the faces that we connected together
Plz keep updating....
Black and Brown
Niec1
It keeps stopping
Allow bookmark option  to all posts so that we can see all our important parts that we bookmarked.
#itzgood
This apps good but to much space my phone
My phone freezes everytime I play video clips on this app!!your updates are ruining everything!!!
Video and pics either don't load or take a long time now with this last update.
Hello Facebook some problems I not want Facebook messager but compulsories download ask
Great
Gud
Good
Facebook
Why can't I tag people on the comments for a video or picture? Help!!!
Fb
Its soo good network
What's a apps
supeerrrrr
good news from real saurces
Nice
Not bad I just wish they'd keep the same things
None of the pictures on my news feed will load. . Everything's up to date but it started when I had to download the stupid messenger app.. hate it
Font size is very small. And no option to change it.
Terlalu besar
Connection
Cool
Cool app. Needs little fixing
I don't know whats up with Facebook?  It crashed, so i reinstalled the app. Now it only downloads 93%? I still have 10gb unused space on my tablet.  Lets get our head out of our ________ facebook!
....
app nieh terlalu banyak ambil space and ianya membuatkn memory saya berat.. i don't like this !!
Can't be beat
Mujeebrahman Dt
Facebook is nothing but mindless banter and advertisements. A soapbox for people to post things they want to believe in but faith without works is dead!!
please don't make us download messenger,then I will give 5
Lags
Great update ever...  !!
I loved it....
Asma zabi
Eats too much battery,  too much data... Still features are not that much good!!
Facebook
a great app for all
God awful
Facebook my life I been on it sense I was 8
V
YouTube videos don't play that open thru the app.
Can't see events now on the top tabs it was okay before recent update
All well
Will not download messenger
The app just becomes unresponsive and scrolling is a problem..... It just wouldn't scroll down
The option to turn notifications off does not work. I don't alwayswant to know who comments after me on someone's status...
No comment!!
Excellent...
Abcd
Great
More
Nice
Prakash prajapati
Good appppppp....
Terima Kasih Oh Syangku
After new updates it's working awesome....
Why is facebook freezing and not working all of sudden ?
Happy enough.
Why must I instore the messanger before I can chat??....I think its not good....thankx....
They (the government) wants to much asset to your personal information.
Will not load my new feed says that i have no friends.
Why its so slow..the only facebook 2.0 is good...all other are just waste of time.
Solve it man.
It flashes a black and white screen randomly and I can't access the app
It's okay
Very nice
5 star rating!
Why we have face book......?
Fo sho
Why are you making me add a second bloated, invasive Facebook app to see messages??  Please put it back the way it was
Same version but better
He guner mar heda banai ca
It worst than ever. Take too much space. Don't move to sd card. Low quality. It becomes worse than first as new version comes.
Gud
kilaniseenu
Facebook fucked up my phone. After installing it my phone went into safe mode. Wtf.
Great
Jst awesoma
Crashes a lot from last 8 months had to reinstall it more than 3 times after its regular crashing
Its updates suck
I used to be able to edit my comments now I can't plz fix it.
Y i cant move FB on my sd card...please fix it as early as possible ..Thanx FB..
Awesom
Good
Riped a guys.head off on facebook really
Gud
Excalent network
Good for all
Not so cool. Eats up a lot of RAM. Reduce the RAM usahe and I'll light up all the stars! Many others will as well.
Its not nyc at all too slow fo me likin ......ai i give up
Difficult to update
Sucks
It is ok when it don't crash...
Gr8
Superb app.......connective
good
company
Bery good
Nic.Facebook.software
Love it
Like
Very sticky since the updates.  I have to close and reopen alot
Keep n close the app after 3 sec ..
Do it & Dream it
Best app
Love it
I love it
Super
Many problems arises during chat and download,wants to rectify it as soon as possible.
But you get three stars because I'll be in the middle of reading and my feed will refresh. That's pretty annoying
its just showing installing facebook setup and exits in my Lenovo a800.
New update always crash,lag and force close..eat phone storage..why cannot tranfer to sd?please fix it..i dont like the messenger!!!!
Too many update request.
This app works just fine on my Nokia Lumia 929 Icon and all other Windows devices. Unfortunately on my Android Motorola RAZR and Sony Xperia Tablet Z they don't work that well. I went through a lot of work disabling Newsfeed and turning off messaging only to have it all back in my face on these Android devices! This is one of the major reasons I switched to Windows phones & tablets because I needed apps that actually work, not partially emmulate like these third-rate Google apps! ~o)
959396
Response
Title says it all..
It's  Cool
Such a waste
Love it
Good
Awesome
Its doesnt like cmnts sometimes... :/
Love
Keeps closing and not working wtf
yeah
I still cannot see videos on Facebook ;I have the zte warp Phone
Love it. Fast no problems
WTF what makes you think I want to download another app? I can't even have an option not too. So I gave it a try, it was very annoying to have to delete a stupid icon from my main screen all the time. Then I read about the privacy... Yeah uninstalled asap!!!
Samardutta
Terbaik
Thanks for all
Its nice
I Miss You
Rana
WOW
What a bloody app which don't download in my mobile
I can't use the message on Facebook anymore, I have to download the messenger app to use it.
Mst
I like this
too slow and many times dont respond at all!!!!fix it
Super
Asome
Interesting
I loveit
nh
Amazing
So heavy and freedomless
Excellent
T
I like this app
Love it
I keep getting this unknown error code 24 on every attempt to install on my Note3
Nice
could be better....
Constantly crashing and force closing. When I can close it, it then opens up on its own accord. Completely unusable...
Gudd
Like
This Facebook app is so easy to use. I check Facebook a million times a day. This app makes it so easy.
It great for me to chat with my friends
For some reason the app keeps force closing on my tablet. Please fix this, it's very frustrating.
Sprrrrr
It's a waste of time installing messenger instead of sending messeges directly from the facebook.
I am loving it...
I loveit
I love it i can talk to my friends who are away or on holiday but it does run a bit slow sometimes
Better social apps
Too intrusive...it stalls too much
HTC
Its very slow
For me, this app takes a lot of power to run and still performs poorly
when i optimize my device with cleanmaster this app is always the one causing overheating issue. pls fix this.
Freezing constantly and takes up too much space .
Great
Not worth the space, Try Google Hangouts, It's way better.
The best
Good
Great
Mindanao Cotabato
Loved it fb
I like all apps sending by you
It sucks oftenly. It takes too much space on internal memory. 80 mbs... Please solve this problem..
Uses lots of ram and internal memory ,, unable to move to sd
Superb chat with friends
For self prostitution
Yea and privacy is not their concern
Great
Take it easy and Keep it up
When the video i watch is done in facebook its automatically closing the app.
M
Face book
This is so stupid. I hate the Messanger app. Why force people to download and app they do not want. I liked the regular messanger better. You moved my messages to that stupid app.
Bakwas
Its really great, I can talk and keepvin touch with family anfd friends
Nice
Takes too much space...a bit irritating !!!
Keeping up
Now 2 in 1..... fb and browser together..... fast and easy......
Rs, Ravi
Good
Is awesome
It very intersting app
Nice
Half the time when I open it, I can't move the page at all. I have to close the app several times for it to finally start working. It's massively annoying.
good loding go..
Faced book
Wft Acting totally useless
Samardutta
Cool
New updated refuses to install on my Moto G giving me an error code -24 after installation leaving me unable to download Facebook hopefully will be fixed soon :/
Good
It takes up too much space
Superb n sexey very good app
Cool
Firend
I'm unable to view most pics & videos. Can someone help?
I thing u should make small size.. N make it that we can move in SD card.. Then it will be better..
Grate  very useful.
Just perfect.
Hi
Its too much good.
Perfect
Its a great app 90% of the tone but yall force updates on the user because I can never o pen my facebook app if theres a update it always says "force close" "wait" and its kind of annoying cuz Im never informed when theres an update
Best app for all m s
Good way of chatting 2 ppl if u not got credit but u must have unlimeted data
Freezes a lot on me
I dont know what has happened to this app... Previously it was such a great app but after some useless updates its getting worse... First i cant move it to sd card... Second it hangs every now and then... U cant manage space... And now its not installing only... It seriously needs a update.... Useful update...
Hsj
It sucks
Having to install the messenger app just to message takes up alot of space. And both the fb app and the messenger app will freeze and stop working everytime they are used. Fb app has stopped informing me when i have new friend requests, messages, and updates.
Facebook
I don't like that we are forced to use messenger.
The greatest app ever
Not what I thought it was
Uday
This app is good but not total, this app not support to less ram phones
Fecbook
Excellent
Like apps
I like this app
Very much like.
Goood. ......
Just updated the app along with messenger...both not working and stuck at startup! Wtf!
Awesome
Missing full version options
Harshani
The loading still takes way to long at times even when i have 4g.
good
Well first off I really dislike how Facebook is controlling numerous things, such as... Facebook messenger and what is in our feed. This morning it wouldn't allow me get in the app so I uninstalled it and when I tried to install it i received an "unknown error code" -22.
After the update it keeps kicking me out. When i try to share something it kicks me out. Anything i do IT KICKS ME OUT!!!!!
Erghhh

super
So fast
I like to open facebook
Idk
It works great the only problem is that I can't move it to the s d card
Nilmini nilmini
Have Most usability of this social network!!
Rupesh Rupesh
Love the app
Way too many permissions required!
Great
I love this
It takes too  much space
Loved it
I love
Good
Use app just to do quick update checks. Other than that I would have it deleted because of the messenger
Loved it
Not bad
R
Urg.  :( I hate this. App now
Videos not playing, stopping after a few seconds, sort it out! Or will just use chrome.
I would 100% recommend this application!
Bhe
Artistic
Why can't you reduce the size to minimize my phone memory. Or otherwise make the app that can be restore at sd card memory...please3 fix it,thanks
Stay connected
not ok
I didn't upgrade to the latest version of Facebook on my old phone for a reason. Now that I upgraded my phone I had to! What a mess. I am seeing posts from a week ago. If I want to see recent posts I have to click "recents" every time. It doesn't tag people who are not my friends like my old app does either. It is just not user friendly like the older version. ALSO, irritated that people are being bullied into installing an app (messenger) for your marketing purposes!
private
Okay for me
Raj
only loner ppl will rate this app for 1 star
Slow and not functional
Hope can watch HQ video in this apps =D
1234567ela
it took to much space in my memory, now facebook and the messanger  is the only 2 apps in my cellphone pls do some change with it...
Fairsken
Love it
Its good..happy with it...There should be vedio download option
Gud app
All videos show very low quality when uploading from my phone, how do i fix? This is aggrevating when i have a high end phone and my videos i upload look like they came from a qvga phone...your going to loose alot of users because of all this crap thats being done
Its really great
The new update doesn't word..... it does not open plz fix it
My fb keeps messing up and exiting itsself out its annoying.
Hugh
Since this update my newsfeed has said error loading. Sometimes it works, but mostly I can not look at my newsfeed. My profile, pictures, etc still works. I have no idea what to do. My wifi connection works, I have uninstalled and reinstalled the app, reported it numerous times to facebook, turned my phone off and back on. Nothing has worked yet. Anybody know why?
it freezes all the time. it even locks up when Im not even using it. I also hat how it chooses what I see. I would like to be incharge of what I see.
enjpy
I can't tag my friends in status messages, it makes the app almost worthless.
Thanks
Good app for connecting frnds
Do you know what the hell your doing?!.. I am not downloading messenger app takes up to much space SO STOP WITH THE UPDATES!..PUT IT BACK THE WAY IT USED TO BE PLEASE!!..
I love Facebook
Works good ill give it 3 stars  but i thought you used to be able to add friends you dont now i mean who came up with this law its dumb, idiotic please fix.
Why is it taking too much memory? It's so slow and unstable...
It consumed too much data,even after i close the app it still running@ the background n i need to keep onforced close after i open the apps.lol
Bad!
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE facebook fix whatever you messed with in last update!! I can't use my facebook program without it crashing! Not only am I frustrated by it but sad I am missing out on so much from family and friends lately!!  :(  Facebook keeps crashing on my samsung galaxy 3 tab. I can't post anything not even a status update. Trying to visit friends pages, other pages and CRASH right back to my tab home! What in the world is going on???
Suddenly found myself unable to send messages and not willing to have two apps for a single Facebook.
i like iit. but its take so much space
low downloading
I just love it.....
I love it super se uper
wont load almost anything.
Easy to open the facebook
Good
This is an elegant tool that engenders easy communication and enhances the human experience.
IT KEEPS KICKING ME OUT OF THE APP. I HATE FACEBOOK.
Hello. im using S3 and I'm not able to comment with pictures. . kindly fix it
Good
Good application
I had to erase and maneuver so much stuff in order to download the last update. Now that it's downloaded, it crashes ALL THE TIME especially after I watch videos or look at people's posted pics. I have to restart my phone or it restarts itself. I may just erase the app and just look at it on the internet or desktop. BOOOO...
Very Nice APP
facebook
decent app
This app i stay on all day
I uninstall my past fb app and tried to install it again but this time it force close again and again.tried to restart my phone but it still force close and theres enough space on my card. Pls help.
I love fb
Since the upgrade fb freezes and video wont play please fix of i will uninstall fb app.
Good
To upload even a picture it's taking too much time
So good
-24 wtf
Very good friends is control
Very nice
Nice app. Good to have FB handy.
..like it
I am tired of its logging out every few minutes later.
W.justice
Very Helpful
Recent posts from friends arent showing up.
This Facebook is good . we can chat with other people like we chat........but its still good .......hehehehehe
Bloated
Great
Iloveit
I slove appli
I hate the new design
Love talking 2 freinds
the powers of men is infinitesimally nonconsiquential
I cant bother fb any more in my phone it is too large app nd its always hanged in my phone :(
Download
Fix some bugs and improve speed
Keeps force close  after a few scrolls.. irritated..
i don't enjoy it
Thanks
i jst lv itt
Can't upload pics or videos.. This app always acts up. Tells me it will let me know when my video is ready to be viewed, but NEVER uploads. If it does, it uploads 3 or 4 times in a row.. HORRIBLE APP!!
Won't let me download on my new note 3 error -24
When are you going to make this app better on tablets instead of the stretched out mess that it is now, or make a separate tablet app , come on ppl get with it
Struggling to put it to recent posts
Fb messenger sucks
After the new update my fb app keeps on crashing.. :(
This is my 2 time download it and I have to waitx-(
Best social  networking site
By bhb
Ok
The app can't reload news feed. The latest post at the moment is "2 hrs ago". Btw, why I have to install the messenger app while before I don't have to??? It seems like I have been forced to download it. This really offensive.
good
364424
Loved it
Not that much
Awesome
Y fix it if its not broken I hate the new fb
Good apps
very awesome
Nice apps
Needs choice of blocking game reguest or not
After update, it cannot view a video from youtube...
Facebook downloaded an update without my permission which only disabled its built in messaging features. Messenger is full of bloatware and has too much access to my phone. So I am uninstalling this from my phone as I now cant use it for its purpose, networking.
This app takes up way too much space now. I up dated it, it wouldn't work so I uninstalled it and now I can't re-install it because it keeps saying error -24.
It keeps disconnecting me why?
nice
Great app is very fast on my s4 cant wait for new and improved features. Wish i could move to SD card like messenger
OK
Nice
Nice apps
:-X
Can't move to SD card. And also takes lot space !!!
Sucks won't open any videos
Facebook
Why cant I see my videos that ive uploaded before it only shows my pictures
So over the changes all the time.                        I DONT WANT TO USE MESSENGER. The app is too big just like fb. If I have to delete one more thing because I have to do a fb update n the app gets bigger I can tell you I'll be freeing up a lot of space on my phone
Good afternoon
Good
Hmmm... i cant give 5 star.. coz it froze everytime and then it says... facebook is not responding.. click  exit. Then if i click it.. its the same thing happen..and it colapse.. why you dont fix tbat one... and one more thing... messenger is disgrace in facebook coz your losing your your users in forcing to install it..thats suck.
Dhey.
Its sexy.....
I love it
Super kool just needs to change the look back  to the old
Facebook Mobile has come a long way,  I think it's great!
Access to all you info,  pictures massages etc. No good
./.
Good
I love it
Awesome.......
Hiiiiiiii
its nice
ermm.. ok
I cant login on my samsung tablet very mad not happy
It never updates my news feed.  I always have to log out but it still doesn't do it. I hate the app
I love it so much
I love It
Before the most recent update, when I wrote a status my phone would automatically put in my location. Now it isn't doing that. How do I get it to that again? I think it is a app problem because it works fine on Twitter. Thank you.
Nice
Why is it like that? It always forces close :(
facebook
Don't shove your messenger on us
Kiran Kumar
Very good job
Mcromax canvas juice mobile phone by used
It exit after some seconds of trying to login, fix the problem...
Hmmmm nixxxo
Good display
Mohammedshshi
Love it
I can't reinstal fb
60 MB space. are you serious Facebook? plus why to download another App for messaging.?
I very happy to use facebook
Love it and the new update
very GooD
Shukla
Good to use
I Like U So Facebook
Enough said
Hate messenger app!!!

Awesome !!!really love it,still more bugs to be fixed
It always crashes when i try to open a video from news feed. Please fix this.
Pakee
The worst social app ever
Good
Min waib
Like it. ;-)
Standing on the promises of GOD
Great
Ioveyou
Love it
Dussa
Sweet

nice
Jassi
I like fb :*
Freezes all the time
Why does messenger have to be installed not and why did my camera and audio have to be used without me knowing?! Talk about invasion of privacy !
My account was blocked liking links without my knowledge
Droid 4 user- I have been rarely able to open the app on my phone. Uninstalling if it continues to freeze my phone.
sucks....everytime i open photos from my friends albums...it eventually hangs up please fix this
Very good to use
I love it
Sanket
Nice
Awesome
Keeps crashing
Ramu
I will give 5 stars if it will stop updating automatically and then it uses large size in my memory card And forced to delete some of my files.
raju
It always crashes on my device.... it also takes too much internal storage
Please let us open links in our browser. Or provide good browser in fb app. Its vry slow in your fb browser.
Google
Best
Takes a lot of internal storage besides that its OK
Omg
Downloading 2 things for Fb and message absolutely stupid.. good things is smart phones have Internet.
Nice
App is not compatible with android kitkat 4.4.2 please solve this issue with Xperia e1
Sylhet
Please take your flawed slow other app and slowly insert it into your sphincter. I don't want to have to use it.
Hiiiii
Like it
everyone's liked it
They keep making it worse.. They also made us have to put a second app just for chatting! Everybody out there with 512mb of ram can't have a usable facebook app now!
I love the new updated version its way more easy to use the only problem is that I have to install messenger so why can't I just text on the app? ...
When I post something or someone comments on a post it says that it was 3 hours ago when really it was just a few seconds ago.
Good
Ever since this messanger fiasco my facebook does nothing but freeze up every few minutes.
Won't load my account. Reinstalling doesn't work. After I entered my email and password it won't load
I'd like this FB because can change information to each other.
It's amazing. Since uninstalling this, my phone runs like it's brand new. This app is a disease.
Everything is alright I'll let you know something goes wrong
I love very much
Nice
Bangladesh
Helpful
Ok
Like
It much worst....keeps on closing every now and then... USELESS
To slow
This is a very excellent app i love it
The links of every one
I like it more...
Try to download
Everything Thing Was Good Until You Guys Made It Mandatory To Download Messenger Finto Delete The App So Ill Just Use The Browser For Now
i like this app so much but i wiuld like if u can help me to update it for me please cause it have the oldest version
Too many changes can't view messages without downloading the stupid app and takes up wayyyy too much memory on my phone
Blehhhh
A we bit cool :-)
Mmc jadi penuh, ini terlalu besar dan sungguh lama untuk loadingnya. Jadi saya beri 3 :/
Takes so much space and slow launching app even when Im in the app. Its slow -_-
God bless u my chaild.ur services r very usefull 2 d mother land.
Why hell is this effing app is supposed to have more than 70mb...it's just ludicrous
Kurang canggih
Ok
Real  good.!.z
Very nice
@@@@@@@
I like it
That's all
Yeah
SocialNetWork
Goid
Slow laggy and glitchy. Force closes all the time. And messenger? Not on my phone.. goodbye facebook app. I'll use my web browser .
Maybe if they change there privacy settings, also it won't play videos.
It's old version was perfect. This version sucks.
When I upload anything it turned of automatically
They brought the about button back now I can edit my profile as often as I want but im having a little bit of trouble with it. It save what I changed on certain parts.
Good
Ily Facebook
Why cant move it to sd card realy sucks my internal memory card
Very good application.. and i loved in this apps is photos synchronisation
J
i hate the messenger. it takes so much space every update(from 40mb now its 170mb+ 17mb from messenger)
Superb
Pki sony Z2 video x bole tgok, kne slalu install je...harap perbaiki..tq
The last update now causes the facebook page to crash and close everytime I tap on someone's name. Am using it on a Samsung galaxy tablet 3. Please repair with a new update, until then the app is useless!!
Shak
Do LIC
The app is ..,....suck##  every time I update it.......so bad...
I love it but  can't   installed a fb on my phone  I'm so sad
This app make me and my friends can talk.And we don't care about the time now..... :)
I can't connect this app on the net. I am in Vietnam. Really want to use this app :(
Its to good

Cool
Please pls reduce its size
Just cherished....
Muzamil
This app sucks like all other apps. First it takes toooooooo much space so i can't download anything else then second i just don't like this application
Nice (y)
Ever time I want to text someone it say I have to download facebook messager and I have barely space to download that
Very good Apps.
I uninstalled the messanger app after I had a look at it's permissions and after discovering the fb app is the same I am so annoyed! When we accept the terms to install the app it goes into no detail about being recorded, or that the app has the ability to read our messages,  send messages and even make phone calls. DELETING NOW! Get your act together, those permissions are disgraceful!
Getting better.
nice
need some extra features..
Good easy to downlaod image....but one problem is here that is 'Not Downlaod' Vedio why??????
MH
Been facing with problems. Especially when you browse your friends list, will surely end with an error half way through.
Editing comments is not available and birthday events should be optional to sync as its clutters my phones calendar which is very important!!!!
Good
It was working fine until updated now I don't receive notification. ..
Closes unexpectedly all the time. I send the report but never get a reply!
Rashmi Dalal
It takes much time in downloading !!! Not fair !! :(
Excellent
Nice app
Sampath77
My notifications are not coming directly to my phone
It constantly force close and freeze! It forces us to download the stupid messenger! Too much space for something that keep sending my to my homepage, Force to download the messenger, won't function properly and constantly freeze!? This suck...
Not usefull verrryyy slow
I live it
Video and pics either don't load or take a long time now with this last update.
It hangs, very slow, constant errors in updating your status and over all just plain BAD!!! I'm very disappointed in this and I'm a Facebook addict :(
Crashes every few minutes driving me nuts :-(
Good

After last update I get a lot of error loading news feed notices. Worked OK until last update.
I love this this app
Facebook not conneting  games candy saga
Its SLOW as ****!!
Good
NOW I CANNOT UPLOAD PICTURES THAT I SAVED! PLEASE FIX IT!!! Facebook still freezes up, then crashes.  Please fix it! And could you please fix it to where you can turn off the game request apps without turning off the whole platform?  I do not play Facebook games and would love to be able to block the annoying requests. I also hate the new messenger app, please change back to the old messenger.  Thanks ~ Darlene
Lol thanks Google 
I have a Galaxy 3 & I'm not eliterit but I am still learning new things and forgetting/confusion about setting up in synchronized with my private life & SECURITY LINKS
Good
Lovely
This app was ok, before updates. Now it clo ses when yи░u share, or just randomly
Its 2 gud
I've just lost my account while texing
Ok
Taking a lot of time to respond some time and lot of time to open the chat head for messenger.
It is amazing
Latest version locks up a lot.  Please bring back in app messaging. I gave the new app a chance ance and really don't like it.  Also, bring Page management into the same app while you are at it!
The messanger app that we gotta download to read our messages is a total invasion of privacy!!!
Pest
My facebook wont load any post and i have internet because my messages and notifications still work. Please fix !!!!
Work
Now Picture comments are possible for the mobile version.. Really love it.
Shehab
This needs way way way more improvement. Hate the fact that it consumes too large space plus it's soooooooooo slow.
Very convinient easy to download
Great way to stay connected to my friends and family..
good apps
Been using it for years it's da best but the new update hate it but overall goood.:p
My love my life
Bhavesh
Loved it.
Kollathilla
why Facebook is not seeing their app reviews on play store??? why always you update the app without any reasons ??? after buying a new mobile i installed fb on my phone once again it took about 72 mb of internal storage and its still increasing ,So without wasting any more time updating this !!! i will go with opera mini !!!!!!!!!!GOOD BYE...!!!!!!!!! FB
Nice to use this app verry comfortable and fast
I like this app.
Check it
Good very food
nice
Slow slow slow
Aws app
Best
Terrible and inconsistent I find it funny how technology continues to advance as well as Facebook's profits and the app continues to take steps backwa
I learn so much by interacting with friends with common likes and interest. Also your favorite places are avaliable to hook up with.
Facebook's good but you need to fix instagram (Facebook owns instagram).
Awesome!
The app eats up too much space.
Bhor
Excellent
Super
For me News feed is updating only when I go to Most Recent. Check this and fix the bug.  Thanks!
12345
Update was incompatible with my andriod
Is <3
The app is great but I WILL NOT download the messenger app.
Got to have it
Latest version even more lock ups.Keeps locking up on my S5. Clear cache & data still locks up. Have to restart phone. Pain please fix.
love it ..
Fb
Simply super
I cant do nothimg with this app anymore....constantly closing out everytime i try to do something.....fix ittttt
Sony ericson live with walkman
A valuable search app. Helpfull when one gets stuck like me!
Excellent,not time consuming
Facebook
Facebook, stop being lazy and fix this problem or i uninstall.
Best so far
Bobo Awesome

What these updates means ??? I haven't seen any change but just increasing space ....
I love it...........
So slow n really bad app! Rare to download it"!
why, if me open facebook.. dia blng facebook telah ditutup
Good
best
Soni
Both this app and messenger are obnoxiously large files. I dont like being FORCED to download a second app for permission to READ messages sent to ME. Facebook went downhill at terminal velocity.
Cooooooooollllll
Richmond race
Supppa
Good
V..gooood
I like facebook soo mach
This app is very cool and interesting
Anup debNath
Keepping us.
Really nice.....
Cool
lol
Awesome   Facebook
Newest update is fine except for it asking me to search my contacts for friends every single time I open the app. Please give me a chance to opt out.
very nice
Loved
Facebooke
Good
What Is This???
Its awsm .....
Well it Works fine on my Phone
I love it
It make me easy way to keep in touch with my friend.
This app was so great.
This is top application.grate...
Loved it.
Its fine
Need more improvement
Good
Easy to use it
fix it plz

I really don't like cropping my photos for my fb profile pic
LOCATING MY NEPHEW & HIS MOTHER
So me like it ! бябю
Cool conected peoples..
Good
Easy to
It takes a bigger space. Ugh!
Balkumari shahi
Ful time pass
I love facebook cause i can talk to my family that don't live in Alabama and with my dad being a truck driver i can still keep him update on my kids
For new version.. this is so stupidity.. i like the older version.. and the messenger app thing.. it so idiotism app..
Bhima12#
1 number
B
Ramjan
Like it.
I hate the FB Messenger! FB app and FB Messenger combined eat a lot of my memory!
Ok
Can't get on this app...WHY?
F#ck is the 'chat option'?
have a nice day
I love it so much you can greet your friends all around the world
Fb crashed often in samsung tab3
Cool
Awesome
Why do you need so much information ?
It lags, displays top stories as default without any way to change that, it takes too much space, sometimes when I like some post it removes the like, I am not able to comment on posts, when I choose to change my profile picture with another one from my profile pictures album it crops it and uploads it as a new one instead of just changing it.
I realy dont like the fact i have to download messenger. That app has no privacy at all, it can access anything on my phone. Makes me and alot of people want to delete the whole thing!
Sunny Mander
It is extremely laggy when swiping across the tabs whenever you start the app, espeically from the friends tab to message and from message to the notifications tab. My suspicion is that it is to do with your messaging which we are forced to use
Horrible...!! Slowly it starts occupying much space..n gets slower ! Finally it says low memory n shuts down on Micromax canvas2
sukazz
Crashes all the tym on my Xperia
Still the same, always on top stories , stories you've seen last week even if you have set it to most recent. Can you just let us decide what we want to see in our news feed just like the old version where we can switch to top stories and recent post conveniently without being back to top stories again when you signed in.
Love it
Great fb
Facebooo is awesome
Lod
ILabIt :*
Takes lots of space.... cannot move to sd card. :(
Noob App
Well designed!
Nice one
yes
Good
Too slow
Best of all times.
I don't know why it has to be another app with ID theft and privacy disruptance though cameras.
Superbbbb
Keeping up with friends is faster than ever.
Access  to my phone contacs, camera, sd files, location eg cetera... Facebook forgot to ask for my bank account password?
Facebook is good communiction
Mr.kivedo
Best app
It's ok. But it shows things from a few days ago first.
Big Likeeeee
Wah
Im happy
It was updating it's self which I did not give permission to do and it takes up to 30 minutes to load boo  :'( over and over again
love love love it.
It takes lot of space in my internal storage.
I removed this apply. why do I have to install more apply for message
Not so good for the messenger. It is very bad...
Srilanka
We are able to copy text from comments but are not able to copy text from posts
Rebooting
Aso
Bunda zahra
Al yamama company
Good
Facebook responses way too slow now when you forced me to install your messenger just to check msgs from fb. Fb closes more often now than before. Plus your messenger thingy does the opposite of making fb msgs to be seen and read and be notified faster. Plus it consumes lots of space. It sucks! Just imagine how it occupies 60+ MB just for such app? Tsk3 com'on. If that's the case, I better uninstall these apps and just use the web browser instead to check my fb and msgs.
It works awesome i really love it
ashwini
Love this..
Good
My Facebook runs so badly its not even funny
Worst update
FACEBOOK
awesome
no good working video download opation and app change new locking
Best
Good
Baghel
It is fine .
Bhai
always connected to my family!
Good
Kashif
this you from day
Facebook is becoming insanely worst. The new update doesn't allow us to save a picture. A very basic need... And  messenger is a worst strategy they are planning.... One day every one will leave FB and jump to G+
Bahut badhiya !!!
I don't have enough space for messenger, I refuse to download it. I like facebook, but its ridiculous I can't message anymore.
Ga
Roar.
Just as bad as the older version crap
Great app ... Plz dwnld
This app is the worst
4973899
Nahh it takes to much space fam
Great way to keep in contact with family and friends.
Kgowda
cant read messages on here anymore..fb wants u 2 install fb messenger but the app wants total access 2 ur laptop / cell phone..y does it need total access ? also youtube the video on fb messenger amd c y u should not install this app and y im giving fb a 1 star
Fecebook
Since it was factory-installed on my phone, i can't uninstall, just roll it back to factory settings, version 1.9.6. Best thing i ever did. Now takes up 7mb instead of 100+, is much faster and, best of all, i can access my messages without the separate messenger app! Roll it back!
Nice
I like it
Error it takes very much space in the internal drive and slow down the phone
So amazing and cool
One of my favorite apps
raB
News feed is not working properly. This app gets worse and worse with every update! What was wrong with the previous version??        Update.  Even worse if that was at all possible.  Time to uninstall
Prajapat
Only this app is use to much memory in my phone..and  it is very slow...plz fix it..
Doesn't make sense why do I need messenger app..
I can't move it to SD Card and it keeps "Error Loading News Feed" while i can still use other Apps that are connected to Internet without any problem. Like FB messenger, i can still send Messages and after i watch some Video Clips it pop-up a message "Cannot Play this Video". AFTER i finish the video? I think that must be BEFORE i watch a Video Clip. Am i right? Fix it!
Good
Nic camera options. ....editor is nic
I've always loved using this app through all its many iterations, even when they tried to hide my "Most Recent" feed - but this weekend's update has me pulling my hair out! Previously, when you've clicked on a link, say an Upworthy story, it's opened up in a Chrome window (great for saving items to read later) but now it seems to opens up in another layer of FB itself (can't save to read later) and NONE OF THE VIDEOS WORK. The audio is fine, but no picture on any video, including YouTube links. Pretty crap.
Ющ╩▓№N╬╥╕№╨┬ссfb╛═┼▄║▄┬¤г┐╞ф╦√╡─│╠╩╜╢╝┼▄║▄┐ьгм╛═▀@ВА│╠╩╜┼▄╫ю┬¤
I love it .
The best thing
Cute..
So far so gud...
Very good this app..
Mohamed 1234
Good
It is fast and easy.
Not2
Not Gud
Excellent app
It is very difficult to view comments on videos, pictures, or other multimedia. None of the YouTube links that are posted are able to be opened. All around junk. Update: since the most recent update the app refuses to maintain the setting to display the most recent posting first, insisting on displaying the top stories instead.  Update 9/7/14 App constantly gives me an error it cannot connect to Internet. My browser and other apps have no issues.
Its very useful and when i use facebook in cp my device is not hanging or log, excellent :))
FB needs to revoke all its permission requests. To think you're stealing and reading our info and selling on at our expense and not yours is BS!
Saya suka... Senang lihat mcm2 video..
nice
I......?
Not good
It is good
Very user friendly app
Simple way to connect
I likes facebook still it is a very popular app on social networking.
It's a nyc app. One can share photos easily with friends. I like it.
You're a pretty good app but taking you off of my phone was the best thing I've ever done. Better battery, better  performance and less force closes across all apps. We had something special but it's over now.
Very good
I like it's app
I can't able to copy my text when I use phone please update ur version in which text may get copied
Hagabhaviu
Not bad
Ttt
Luv it
Ridiculous
Deleted messenger and Facebook app recently and suddenly my browser becomes slow and stalls even when I have 10mb+ connection only when viewing Facebook! Strange that!!! Too many privacy breaches that are unnecessary. Someone create a new face book without the invasiveness and big brother attitude... This goes for WhatsApp too!
Gooo
Love
Ohhh
RiYad
News feed will not load it's shows feed a day ago not current events
It could have been much good if we can install it to our sd card than to internal memory. Its using lot of space henceforth phone gets slow.
Dont know what happened after the update...its draining battery...fix this plzz
I like it.
Rizwantasa
It was Awesome
Not downloading
Using fb via web browser is fine, no need for this huge chunky app and hate the fact that can't uninstall it (or use messages)! Really presumptuous, facebook, to think that you can take up so much of my phone resources and memory and won't let me remove. Not everyones phone is centered around fb! After disabling phone works perfectly.
I like  this  applicatyion  very much . It is a better option for facebook instead of using opera or other browser.
After the recent update..my pictures and videos can't load.. plus I can't view my messages.. pls note: I'm not gonna download messenger
Mudaserqureshi
Nice.
I like it
Takes up to much memory
Cute..
Eliott
i liked very much
Nice
In my timeline about is not showing. I can't able to edit my profile.
Nice app...
It's just a waste of Memory to install the facebook messenger what'd the point of it...
Good
This is the best app to use....
Recently its been crashing and its very annoying
Like it updte
I really love this application but somtimes news feed don't wanna  upload so please fix
Recently my fb keep getting hang! I clear my ram, reinstalled n still it gets hanged. Ever since this new fb is upgraded, it became like this
Fast and to the point
Cannot open!
Bijjapur
FB app unable to load pictures and videos under wifi..working fine under mobile data..Y?
Superb way to connect the people whome you know or don't..lovely
Good
Messenger is useless
Osm
Love it
Facebook means face first then it comes to book
Iike it
I see
Love it
Collll
Thanks
Please make it to be move on sd storage for us to download more apps in our devices
I deleted the app and now I cant download it again and whenever I try to it keeps saying theres an error :/
Sucks
Gk bisa tampilkan status barU..
I have ti uninstall the app again then reinstall to get the updated version of it. And its really tiring.
Very fine.
Good
Facebook exits by its own aft 3 to 4 minutes. Prefer the default newsfeed to be the most recent ones.
I love this site
Very nice
Pakistan phalia
Love it
nice messing
M pagarwar
Social media
Ok
Super
I like to play
Facebook on my Moto e automatically turns off during my usage. I cannot expect such glitches from world best social media channel.Please consider my issue as Facebook is loosing over their grip by not employing robust version of app on Android device.Thanks
I love it and thats it its a great app
Tidak membosankn..
Facebook
Awesome.
My frinds is ram
They seem to change it everyday... And I hate the fact that messenger is required...
I am so happy this application thank you so much
Eats too much battery,  too much data... Still features are not that good!!
Crappy app just dont have any choice.  Pictures are not loading or if is, so slow...
Nice app
Its very nice for ....all facebook user
FB app takes too much memory spaces
Jacklineupendo
Good
The current update is a great, fully-functional version. However, I would like to be able to see whose birthday it is more easily. Having to choose to maneuver myself through the menu system to find the birthdays isn't convenient.
Very nice
Love
Useful
Very good.....
good
Bb
world
V goob
The Facebook is batter Massinger at world
Doesn't load stuff any more since the last update
I think the app is ok however I think the free call feature in the messages should be taken away its a invasion of privacy they should send the message and thats it thats why I also uninstalled messenger
Easy access..
Awsum :)
Frequent updates makes it difficult to get used to this app.However it is an easy way of staying connected to facebook with an option of staying logged in.All in all i rate it 4/5.
Aftab
Loved it
User friendly
Nice
Dushyant
Cannot hear videos while they play on my Kg optimus G
Bcz of this app I am nt getting bored guys try it...u will love it:)
Thanks app for using interest
Why ? Bt d ko madownload its everything oky :(
Rudra patel
Oops
Awesome app
Mj
Too Good
after the update = slow :(
Internal memory killer
gud and awysm ......fb al time best
Leonisi
I-klik
Please remove the Massenger to review inbox...... It's to annoying to use messanger
Good enough
Noway...fix that freaking error...can't be installed on Xperia E1 dual..... Incompatible update error after several versions...!!!
Khoso
Pooja
I don't like the new message tool so I won't download it because it is totally invading into my personal data privacy. Please change it.
Good
I think this app could do with an option to stop notifications from statuses you've commented on as well as the already existent turn off all notifications
Sema
uhv
Thanks facebook to connect us
Excellent.
Like it
Much improved
Face book
Constantly crashing!
Choudhary
(Y)
Student
Very nice
This app is amazing
Fb using by good quality use it
Why do you keep changing it to add crap we don't use burning up all my memory.  And what's with the homeland security style permissions? Was nice to keep in touch with my friends from school and those who live far away.  But it's just not worth it.  Scale back to the simpler version and stay the he'll out of my personal life you don't need any of that info.
Fast and very fast comuniket in people
It eats way too much memory of my RAM. And why the hell do we need to download the messenger app?
Slow :@
Great app
fj
So good
Facebook
Like a heart.
Alamin
fb has just got worse instead of better i dont like it as i did before plus why do we need to inststall mesenger when fb was ok the way it was. its CRAP
Really nice
Unable to view my messages anymore. Wants me to install messanger, the only way id install messanger if you gave me options on my privacy settings
Its slowly install....nd its bad app.
Nice
WTF...  I already downloaded this stuff then I uninstall it because it keeps on saying error. PLEASE FIX IT WASN'T LIKE THIS BEFORE..also I have using this already for a year but when it gets on getting older if I put status it will hang and the keyboard will be gone so I can't type something geez.
App deleted it self after phone software/firmware updatin 4.4.2 tryed to re downloaded but when tryin to install it says incompatiable update!!! I have a Sony E1. Was working in phone perfectly before updates anyone else experienced this or can help? Cheers
I like it
24
Giid
Done
Good
It's every good
Love love
Better and better all the time!!!
Keeps crashing after kitkat update on samsung galaxy note 2, i have resorted to using the web based version a few times now just so i can get something done on my photography page

Why is it that i have my settings on ' most recent stories ' does facebook mobile still show on my feed status's that were from 3 days ago ? ..... Pish
Fuck it :p
I love this app
yes
Its gonna be 1 gb app one day Today it is of 101 mb after update
awesome
Love is life
Smart apps
It cannot install
Nice app
Good app
Very good
Excellent
No probs. Meeting new people every day and striking deals
Good
Why cant it move to sd card real sucks my internal memory card
Nice one
Abhishek
A great way to meet old/ and new friends.
Waste ur time :(
I find it difficult updating my face book
GOOD
ok
Very nice App
Dr.Sandeep Taank
Exit  for no reason
Facebook in my eyes deserves a minus rating!!
I could installed messenger automatically exit fb
S0 fun
FACEBOOK
Nice app
very bad i can not download vdo from facebook like before it is not supporting any downloader.
Esi open fecbook
Why Facebook not moving to sd card ?
It's super
No complaints
It just gets too addictive
Ramkumar
Super
ok
I have a Samsung Galaxy S4....since the last update, this app randomly freezes my phone. I can get out of the app after a minute or so with the back button, but then it freezes up again immediately when I pull it back up. It's very frustrating.
It's ok
Updated Facebook it doesn't work now please fix the problem of being stuck on the loading screen saying setting up Facebook
FB 142MB/G+ 50MB..and install fb messenger just to see the massage, stupid!!
Hai
Keeps crashing at random moments and when videos are playing.
none of the pictures load since the last update
Iiii
Bh
Its very nice app....
I stupidly did a phone update and it deleted my facebook app and wont let me install it again grr!!
Good
Nice
Love
Nice
How can i get this bloatware/junk/garbage of my phone?
Can't tag my friends name on comment, even they can't tag me as well.
Welcome
Worst app.....
exellent
Good but can't move to sd card plz do somthing.
Good
Good
It has foreclosed every time I open it for the last couple weeks. Needs fixed!
Amazing app but it suddenly exits. Please fix it. Thank you :)
I recently updated my phone to kit kat but now I can't download face book. After downloading it says "incompatible update "
Awesome
It consumes to much space on my phone.. can you lessen the megabytes? or move it to SD card i really miss  my fb account.. :( thanks!
Access...fast with smooth compatible.
Facebook
Good
It takes to much space after install...
Too slow in my samsung galaxy ace
Nice but storage only phone memory.......?
Sy rasa kalau ada yang lebih baik tolong beritahu
Nice job
Provide sd card move facility
Malik
takes too much of space
Nagmayat??
Why mess with what worked? I don't want a sperate messenger app. Not installed. I'll use Facebook less and Viber more instead.
This version of the app is glitchy. It constantly crashes an runs slow an i have a brand new S5 so it's not an issue with my phone!
Nice
Runs kinda slow!!
Wow
its okay
Nice application
Facebook
Prasanna manne
its ok
Avg soft only
App  is  awesome   and   very  useful  in  social  life.
Mishref
This is the only app on my phone that crashes my phone every time.
Updated
Trbaikkkkkkkk
Great
Ok
fb
When i scroll down through the news feed in my galaxy s2 it gets stuck and shuts down automatically. Please fix this
Nice & easy
I love facbook
Nothing like that
The app already takes up too much memory storage to have to download a separate app just for messages. Ridiculous.
Sheik
Nice
Very good
This app want many space and make me download massenger but i dont want it and soooo slow fuck this app
Gooooodddd applp
Sher
Takes forever to log out.
Plays audio only on video, no picture.
facebook
....
Worth living
Kadak
After an update on my Galaxy tablet, Facebook stopped working properly.   I am randomly being booted back to my home screen when I try to post or comment.
wishing good loading
Nice massagengar
Doesn't work. I only can read conection lost tap to retry.
Since it is not downloading
Good. .....
Been M I A 4 awhile so jus gotta get bac to remembering gossip is jus that. I luv keeping up w/the real peeps.
Bad bad  bad!!!!!!
This sucks its takes up all the space on my phonie and i can't play any games or what not and i can NOT even access pm from ppl without installing fb messenger what KIND OF BULLSLOGGIN is THIS! THIS SUXX bigtime!!! i say BOOOO!!!
Smart
Should have been more faster
I love it
Very nice app and and all facility are work awsome
I love and i like this apps very much i really enjoy to see photos and videos that i saw in my screen
OK but browsing was slow.
I would have given 5 stars .. But I m giving 4 stars for only one reason .. The reason is that I cant Send and See my messages .. It asks me to install Messenger .. But I dont need messenger .. Otherwise its a good one ..
Useful app
Personal book
Fb is best .    Connect the all friends
NotVery Good
YouTube videos not playing in the inbuilt browser with Note 2.
Very good
Great stuff
Nice
Won't let me play videos that are in my news feed
Why facebook must install messenger, waste my space n I don't think it is good, if fb not force ppl install messenger, I will rate five star,I hate messenger!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Keep crashing after a few mins since the latest update
Its ok
I can't download video. ..why???
I liked it
Problem in new wall update. ....its show old wall post
Play with your friends
Idk..why its not installing...i hv tried many times ..but its not instaing.. :(
Very good
It ours nice to find old friends
Very good ... infact the best app for social networking.
I think this is better
Awesome
recommended
Most of the time the appl closed
Good
Good
Wyh i cant move it its make me full memory
Amazing
charles @ * 2006 Teacher Julius
Good apps..i love it.
nice
You might know this by now but I guess more emphasis should be put on it. TOO MUCH SPACE. Features are nice but come on, you can't expect us to have just Facebook on our device. It might be tolerable if it could be put on the card but you even changed that part.
good
Afridi
1 star coz  I hate dz app  Im really really really hate  I can't download a Facebook and I took too much tym  4 dz  in one day but  I failed moo

Whats the use of downloading Facebook and the messenger???this is just a waste of data and storage...
Noor11
Thanks fb
919
It's so gd
Loved it
Cant download on asus zenfone 5
xvvvvvvv
Facebook
Very nice app
Somya
Machi

I loved it!
its easy to connect but needs too much space.
Nice
Good
Download karo aur mja lo
Excellent Excellent
Its nice .
fabulous
I cant put caption for all the pics i will add for an album..pls fix.i uploaded picture in a album i made it only me can see now i want it to be post in news feed i keep on finding how can i edit it now i cant find it..pkease fix
Nice!
Vaghela
The app looks like garbage on my tablet.
Unlimited services
Maya hemedi
It's kinda bad and needs alot of things
I love it
Amberkhan
Very helpful to locate love once all over de world
Can you please fix mesanger because working very very slow .PS:is better in one like before everything in Facebook not with mesanger .
I love it
Nice app
Chaos
Love it
Error
Owesome
I love it :-) Gd
Great!
It crashes suddenly !! N its annoying me didn't Expect dis The worst Update ever :'(:(
...when there's a MESSAGE tab, that worked perfectly fine before..
Nice
Ngon
Great
Liked it...
Nyc
Good Now a fail

Good
great thankx
Fun
Nuce
It
I love it
Yet i will use it and then i will comment about it.
Wow
Awesum app
Welcome Hi
Facebook is very useful if you don't have credit you can text on Facebook I think is
Love it
malai facebook la purno sathi sanga vat garaayo facebook mero sathi ho.
Super
Very easy to use
Will nor download to my phone got plenty of storage keeps saying incompatible
I would rate it all 5 stars if it would downloade faster
Very seelo
Deserves no star actually. Easily hacked
Cool
Goldy sabharwal
His app was very dirt photos
Link this.
Nic app
Does some errors 100x in 1week fix it guys
Only one person on fb somethen messed up lol
Its a awesome aap
M
Thanks for apriciate
i love facebook
Kinda upset about being forced to install messenger app and this app forces closed constantly but oh well what can I do ...nothing..
I'm back fb and start chatting
my facebook is not installing.pls help me.
Uses to much memory and keeps slowing my phone down and says facebook failed to open when i havent tried to open it.will have to unistall.
very good
Awesome
This app is very good . I get fast access to Facebook .
this keeps stopping unexpectely and throwing me out
Thanks
Liked it
Why?  Messager works but Facebook app won't?
Spy
I'm not 1 who's n 2 all the social media outlets. I don't tweet, I don't instagram, or hash tag (whatever that actually is), I'm a simple person who believes n true connections. I don't have hundreds of "friends" even on fb, I know n some way every1 I'm friends with. 2 me the best things fb makes it easy. I've lived so many places & met many amazing people I now call friends & family. N today's world keepin n touch is almost impossible fb changes that. We all share n eachothers lives it can shorten distance
Love it
Picture
My battery cant survive this
My experience so far on Facebook is superlatively phenomenal.
Facebook is awsome
I can't updat new updates in my galaxy y  Plz fixed it
It takes to much space I can move it to sd card and messenger just to chat
Good
I loved it very,very,very much
Why does it not give the option to select most recent or top stories like the desktop site....I post a status and doesn't even show it.... Or am I missing something?
Very good
necalyn
Slow
Good!
Gudd
Family friends classmates just type their names in and bam there they are great app
I recently got a Samsung Galaxy Light BRAND new and I decided to upgrade to a new phone ,  and I downloaded Facebook App since I'm a Facebook user. T-Mobile gives you a SD Card and my phone has a contract + it's a family plan, they give you very little space on they're SD Cards they give you. Unfortunately my old phone got lost/stolen and I couldn't use that SD card I had in it with great space on it. Since I've been using Facebook App it takes to much space! Don't like it I uninstalled it! It Froze a lot!
I love fb
When I use this application after 30 seconds it's crash all the time please if have a time fix this problem I will give 5 stars.
Hey? Why? 1. Dump a lot of  / massive cache in my phone? I have to restart after using FB to use my phone...everytime! Reaching 100Mb+  2. Most Recent from yesterday or the day before? THATS NOT "Most Recent"...  3. 5 to 10 minutes for setting up before get into passw wall ...? What took it so long ...?
It's always some lag and I get: Sorry, an unknown error... all the time when I try to watch videos.
U sucks
Can I delete this
OOMAA OOLLTHEBEST TRUTHLOVEPEASE LOVE LOVEFULL LOVVING LIVVING WITH UNIVERSELS UNIVERSE FOR RAINBOW UNIVERSEL NATURES NATURAL NATURALITY FOR HUMANS HUMANITY OOLLWAYS FOREEVER WITH OOMAA N OOMAA
Very useful
Said that
Good in live..
Nice
i like it
Everytime theres an update fb is just getting worst! Super slow and keeps on force closing.and with this huge size app it should have an option to transfer to memorycard. It sucks big tym!!!
The best way to chat to friends and family plus it's family-friendly
Pictures can't be shown
It use so much space more than 60mb after installation.so it decrease the phone performance and work slowly.
Cul
It doesn't let me play full length videos. I have to constantly uninstall it and reinstall it for it to work properly.
Can't move on SD Card! The fcuk!
Good
Its good but I wish Tish Simmonds will get out my needs feed
Good
Just cool
Good apps
Fine social media
Happy
Awesome
Is top
But takes lot time to open the  login page

Awesome experience
Its fantastic works perfectly
I can't see my messages at all. Other than that it's cool
This takes forever to download plz fix this if there was a 0 I would pick 0 stars this is horrible it take 5 years to dowland. (not really it just takes a while) please fix this ASAP
suka banget
Ok
Mesenger needs to go !
I can't read my messages without downloading the messenger app and I refuse to do that.
It exits after i turn it on every 30 seconds
Cool
I love the facebook app but it takes up way too much space and I dont like the messenger app that you need if you want to message friends
I like this version very very very very very much awesome version :-):-)
Hey in new update my news feeds not refresh i uninstall Facebook and reinstall it but no change please fix this problem soon its suks my mind...
Memory massanger bettery issues..
I don't like the new rules the you put to install the app of Facebook
Nice
Bye
it's getting worst!
Nice     but   slow
love it
Won't load half the photos or videos people have uploaded.  Stupid to have a separate app to send "private" messages. We all know what Y'all are doing. And when you open the app you shouldn't have to click on most recent. That should be the default.  If I could rate this app lower I would. Very disappointed with what you have done.
It takes a lots of time on startup
Good
Wow!!!
Love it :-)
My Facebook
Please stop making it where when I click on links it opens in the Facebook browser I like my internet browser for a reason and when you drop the messager it will get 5 stars
The size is so big. I cant download other apps. Plss do something about it.
It sucks now, period
I realy liked this apps
Updates and adventures family and friends
I can't send FB messages from the FB app anymore? Can't set recent as my default news feed? WTF is up with that? You take out a prime piece of functionality, yet the app is still so much larger than other apps with twice the functionality.. Privacy policy is a joke, but luckily I had AppOps to prevent this site from spying on me, but after this update I'm done with Facebook. So thanks devs, I feel better already.
App takes up way to much memory and can't be moved to SD card, and my music likes don't show up when I use this App.
Bullshit
i love this apps
Takes too long and in general is annoying,slows everything on the phone grrr
I Uninstalled this app due to trying to access it the screen was flashing on and off...then Uninstalled fb messenger and now I can not download fb app...I think this crazy that u have to download messenger anyway I guess I'll go back to viewing on website.
For my social iQ its really  best and very helpful and it keeps me connected with my froends...
Thanks
Snuck
Dont fucking ask. A terrible app.
Love it
Single
Facebook messenger sucks.
Use easily
Admitting that my husband and I have pics that we send each other isn't embarrassing....what's embarrassing is getting a call at 2 am from my MOTHER-IN-LAW asking why I would post those pics to facebook!! Surprise, facebook posts pics on our behalf now. MySpace was NEVER this bad. I'm so upset right now.
Takes up to much space
T.R.PUROHIT .DADAL (JALOR)
i cant watch vidoes without my facebook crashing, then the image of the video is stuck on my phone until i reset :/
@Terima Kasih Banyak Smua#
I love this app it haleps ma a lot its asowme to have u should have 5 stares its kool
FB is good social networking site but need to improvisation. Page we liked sending post continuously and we can't do to stop them. Filter must be add.we can't install or shift on SD card. It is not for Low internal memory smart phone.
Updated last night and now its crashing every time I click to veiw a post or profile.
Wonderful
Good
Cool
Forever telling me it can't connect to the internet when the internet browser and literally every other app I have is totally fine. Really frustrating. Getting ready to remove this app fron my phone.
The new messenger app is too invasive and I am thinking of ditching FB all together.  There is Google+, Twitter, Skype and many more to choose from.  You are not the Monopoly!  Stop trying to force me to install messenger.  It will NEVER happen.  I will remove Facebook completely before I use it!!!
Babybaker1978
Facebook is unstable, crashes constantly.  I can't close FB on my own because it kicks me out every time!  Samsung Pad3 with newest OS installed.
Keep up the good services ..
It suddenly closses when I am scrolling..
Old version compeir is good
Occupied by more space
Well this is it..love,,love
Working like a charm after the update, now it's my default app to use Facebook.
Does not play videos from any links. Please fix.
Z
Facebook keeps closing itself for no reason, can't share, cannot even continue reading an article. This must have something to do with last update. Works on Samsung Galaxy S5, but not Samsung Galaxy Tab3.
I don't want messenger app in my phone.....but without it I can't messaging.....its to bad
Good

For make a relathions with other people in this world
I really love it
Please fb. When i changed my cover photo and i want to set to "only me" but it has no privacy. Please do it. I give 5 star
Too many Access Permissions for MY comfort. 
I love it
Still good, but after update theres problems. Nothins loading and taking long to load. Please fix
...(@-@AR
Its ok but cant pay games
nice
OK FB...the app continuously freezes and I can't do anything for quite a while. I have to shut my phone down and turn it back on. It's rather annoying. The whole messenger thing is annoying and so is not being able to select most recent for the news feed.
O.k.
I really dont like this new facebook update. I cant find the log out place! I just dont like it!!
I can't share when I try post anything it just boots off by itself what did ya'll do? Very unhappy with this version of Facebook
Need messenger for messages can't pick what is shown in timeline really starting to loss me off
I love it yes It's much much better then the other one
0582230850
It won't let me post a video or picture. plus it excites on me every 5 seconds
Always running on the background.. Needs the messenger to chat and cannot be moved to external thus eating up a lot on my memory..
Nice
I am using this application from Q A8 mbile its good app but plz do something for downloading vedeos.becoz from this application we can't download video.we can watch live only there is no download option
It takes a lot of memory. Please fix this. And sometimes, the app is hanging. So slow.
Yep
This app is too slow and has got alot of flawsбнbut it takes alotta space mxm wtf?
Very good app
Love it so far just updated it so we will see if it's ok...I DO NOT WANT TO USE MESSENGER PERIOD...THAT'S REALLY FD UP!
I don't like being forced to use 2 apps to check my messages..
I mean its Facebook what do you expect???
After updating work fast
Since the most recent update, crashes within 1 minute, every time.
Sick of the constant rebooting
Okay
I like
Appl
It's too slow it's size is too large some times it shows errors it hanks
The scrolling wtfff the perfor.ance sucks and i dont have a tamagochi
lac lac lac
Very goooooooooood
ive always  download it and from start its ok but sometimes it sucks. sometimes it can't opeb
Good
Always unresponsive
Good
Very Fast App... But it take a lot memory.. Please release a new version that does'nt carry a lot memory..
Love fb
It Sucks :D
Causing my phone to severly over heat  as well as extremely draining battery life! What gives? Soon I'll be leaving Facebook all together
Do not go on Facebook unless for your games
Knp eror si?
It keeps shutting down! Frustrating!
Very bad
Graet feel
Very nice app
Uno
But it loads to slow since the last update please fix it !!!
Super app
Pls fix it.too much space for my s3.64mb?bullshit.i want to move it to my sd card.
pls bring back the chat feature, i dont want to install another app just to read and send message..
Nice app
I loved it
Pinche pedaso de basura..cada ves es mивs lento y se me congela asta 5 veces por dикa.....
It takes to much space & hard to download
not bad
It takes too much space in my internal storage! Can't move it on my sd card!?
I can't upload pictures... :T
I love this app
Awesome
Whyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
Nice!!! :D
I like it friends
Excellent
It is best
Quiet good...
Facebook went too far with the messenger update .. By far the far worst update. Facebook is now all up in our businesses.
L I K E :)
My Facebook keeps freeZing up. I have to restart my phone to fix it.
Nice
Pranay
I cant edit my activity log... :( please fix the problem...
Love it.
Kinda Loved It!;))
Why can't you move some of the storage to the SD card?
#1
Great
This app sucks. Takes too much space.
is not responding how can i fix this? it keeps saying force close  :'(
good
Since updated, it always crashed when I try to open my business page. Also keep asking to install messenger which I don't want to install
Awesome app
uyehhhhh
excellent
Nice
Good apps
Faaduuuu app
Ohkay
Superae ...
Best
Ever since messenger, i cant watch videos,n it forced.me.to.download it,just to read my inboxes,,fb is so.slow then ever, wish you guy's would fix the problem, i always looked.forward to watch videos,even bought a new.pbone,n still having problems,,
Yup yup cant keep me on LOCKDOWN
Does not work properly....keeps on crashing and does not even opens up many times. The os becomes show and it keeps on saying that "Facebook is not Responding"
Facebook is my favourite things
Ughhhhhhhh I dis stupid. Fukkin app
Why do i have to install messenger just to chat ? It makes my phone phone laggy .
Can't install
Loading
Every good
It's Facebook, what should I say.
Consumes lots of RAM and internal memory of the phone, hence slowing down the phone.
very Good
But i dont like being forced to install messenger just to chat with your friends instantly. Its just a waste of space and if i decided not to install messenger app i also cant chat on facebook.
It takes lot of time for installing
:-)
This app keeps me posted with life
Post timelines
It the best
I love this app
It keeps on freezing up and every time i click on the mssg icon it goes back to my homescreen and says "sorry facebook in process". Plz fix this
Love it
D
Some bugs fixed I'm liking it more
Of great interest
Great app
Runs chunky and slow...everything takes FOREVER load...FAIL
I'm tired giving feedbacks for this app. The latest update, I can't open it. It just says "Setting up Facebook". After a day, it still setting up.
I hate that it takes up so much space and you have to add another app that's on the same thing (messenger) that's stupid. As many people you have on here you should try to please your people. Make it less storage for us phone people
I refuse to download a bloated, RAM hogging app just to send messages on a social network app that can do it just fine. Shame on you, Facebook. We deserve better!
Koool
Good
Cant play videos..
I love Facebook because it is like a school for me
I had fb on my cell....i had to uninstall since my cell said my phone has insufficient memory.....i have 99mb & fb need 20.33mb and it doesn't want to install at all.
Find all of my old friends here! And they found me.right here! Ive being hours in Facebook watching all kind of videos, memes, and news from around the.world. Its really addictive.  The only thing is that the new messenger app is not optional and I really don't like it.
l like
Am
One day i downlod faecboock and 22 eror
Social media
Maylene
Awesome. .duh lol
friends

everything
Lame
Awesome
:(((
WTH?! It fvcking force closes everytime.
App is good but runs slower and lagging problems also there
Its take too much space dn others
Good
Facebook app forces you to install the messenger which uses up a lot of memory and so does the facebook app. Uploading works 50% of the time and always causes errors. Facebook, your app is terrible.
You are destroy Facebook . Now the Facebook doesn't have mail services . Facebook was Comfortable. Now it's not. We must find another apps to communicate. Good bye Facebook
Gud bt difficult to use
I like it so much cause you can do a lot of things
I just like a cat picture in my feed then suddenly facebook says that what I do is abusive. Wtf facebook?
Very poor
I can't even scroll down for five minutes without this program refreshing and throwing me to the top. Thank goodness for reddit.
Good gossip and update too
I like it
Exelent
My only advice is fix it so that i rate it 5
This is better than before. Keep it up ! They just dont know how to use their phones and saying "slow". -___- Im clearing data every week so that Facebook will not use too much space from my internal memory. Note: Facebook cannot be moved to SD card. Noobs.
Love it
Access to all phone info
Updating this app countinues .. And MB.. Please  hlp...this app mb is biger than
Its very nice
My phone had to update and I had Facebook fine b4 the update and now it uninstalled it self and now I can't blodi get it back on my phone. "incompatible update"
Stopped working

Not happy about the stupid messenger app its kinda cool that I can call out with it but why do we need an entire app just for messages when the old way worked fine? Very stupid, I'm considering deleting Facebook from my phone now and I would rate it negative 3 stars if possible
Wish I can move it to my SD card takes too much space
I think Facebook need new design
The new update sucks camel dick, stop fixing an app thats not broke!
My best favorite social media in great application. I can share pics and manage my page easily.
Good app
My Facebook app updated and now none of my pictures or videos will load no matter how long I wait.  Unhappy with app.
It's Osam
Easy to browse.....
yall doing to much MySpace gone be back pretty soon with the way yall going i aint about to install no messenger app.
Love much
Omg Again New Update is freezing up!!!! Needs to get fix for Note 3 quick !!!!!
App crash
after i installed its got minimized its not working
It`s  amejing.
Timothy, Zachary, Nick
RayEs
Like it and worth it.thanks.fb.
Haha
N all of u told me
What an app
it was a nice app bt nw after updates it is getting worst
One app for inviting friends one for messaging  one for chats one for like one for status one for photos one for check in etc.
Wow, its so cool
Love it no problems so far ...
It is awsome! nothing is as good as this app is.
Not good
Can't get enough
No complaints here, but I don't msg, or post much.  I mostly check on how the family is doing.
Apjdta
Best as always..!!
Ok
Doesn't Let Me Watch Videos!
Awsome app "," :)
The solution of my problem: UNINSTALLED!!! Cnt transfer to my sd card and u need to download messenger? What the heck!!!  the newsfeed mkes me freaked out!!! Much Better in the internet browser...
It keeps kicking me out. It's so annoying.
Male
Yup
Mahal na mahal kita
Too many screen freezes, and also not liking the new messenger app. Dump it, go back to the old one.
Facebook is an awesome app
nice app
I loved this app but ever since the update it keeps closing the app and i have to reopen and start over. Please fix and i will adjust my rating! !!
Fadu
Super
bring back the original Facebook ... Stop trying to make it better ...it's making it worse! App keeps shutting down every 5 secs ..irritating!
Downloaded 3times want open please fix
It is a mst app...
pooooor
Kereeeennn
Makan la fb ne
I cant download it says i have insufficient space even though i have like 100 mb left
It made every 1 2 get connected very easily n at very low cost
Download
plz update new                      Version jisme 100logo(people) status and pick tag ho ....
It is a useful tool but takes more than 50 MB space after moving to SD card
Best app
Hall
Marvellous
It keeps taking me back to the main home screen. Its not functioning properly at all.
Pretty good so far!!
Waiting for the next update because facebook always has an error loading the news feed
Its alright but it makes my phone very slow
Who don't like Facebook
Easy to use and user friendly.
Uninstalled they want to much personal information
Loving it.
N
Excellent
Good
Facebook is missing up big time
Nice app
I don't know why can't used it,must login again please fix it and i'll try to give 5 stars
Now update Good application
Great spy apps!
Ya better
To find my friends on fd
Come on man Yal can do better than this. Tighten up with the quickness
Thanh you
Face book has been using 60% of the battery according to the stats in the settings. Completely demolishes the battery. Uninstalled the app and something called com.facbook.katana or something is ruining battery life now. Hellpppp!!!!
Pls download this app
It has an awsome speed
poor user interface
Its ok
Non sense
The app is huge
I love it's to much that a one in this wold be costs in any social network
Ashu yadav
Yeah new update sucks donkey butt. Hate the swiping.  Hate it keeps pages that I looked at. Hate it doesn't show me recent stuff and ok.seeing stuff from days ago. I dont even see the facebook page I usually interact with any more. I have to type it in search now..                            edit..  kinda lame that I have to click back and back and back and back just to get to the main page to be able to click most recent or which group or to see my notifications..
Extremely unimpressed, I upgraded my phone and therefore had to reinstall the app. After seeing how much space it took up I installed it. I would rather use my browser to check my account than sacrifice the speed and space on my phone.
having to install fb messanger sucks... very bad idea.

With this latest update, it keeps closing. Not even getting a force close message.
All  friends
Hi
Ever since the update, I been waiting to get on FB and its taking some sweet time and glitches been going on lately, fix please? Or I will uninstall this app
Txt still too small.  I have vision impairment!!!  Also No  fwd  button only back button
nice app...but has the problem of crashing...
Was good before now it's great
PS Vas
Yolax
Horrible video quality n timelines are time horrible plz fix
lil miss fb
Dulal
-&$!;(9
Nice
Still too slow
App always freezes.. & just doesn't function smooth.
So superb
Security concerns. I am no longer using the app. Website only.
Is a everlast book....
Not using this app anymore...
Its awsome
Error 24 to me helpppppp
Incompatible update
Nice
Nice
Fb app is amazing
But not in more apption but very speed and good
Osum
Still getting error after error when trying to play videos people post since my phone updated to. 4.3. Please fix, I'm tired of having to play the same video 4 or 5 times before I can watch the whole thing. And now on to of that, it's running real choppy. The app is running like it's on a dial up network.
Good apps 2 have!
Kanwal
I must update to authenticate with code
Pretty good
Its awsome
Yayy
I don't want Top Stories! I would like a choice!
Updated again about 8/31/14 and it crashes every time I get on it.Who ever is suppose to fix the bugs must be in bad shape!!!!!! I just done an update on my phone app that it said I needed and now its worse than it was before.Update 5/1/14 and this thing sucks....I want to see my news feed from newest to oldest all the time.I dont want to clink on recent every time I get on,dang thats what im looking for.Old news is no news.Junk junk junk junk AND junk
Good
I can't see new feeds
Good
I cant download this one. In my phone..???
It won't stay logged in
Ok
Use a lot of mb .hays i cant move it in sd card.
Very good apllication.
Hi
I was having a problem looking at my notifications. Its as if it would get stuck on the last one I viewed. I uninstalled and when I tried re-installing I got a -24 error code. What is that???
Facebook
Abel james
Why get rid of Events Nearby? One of the best tools for getting out. Should you put it back...it would be best to have sorted in order of dates.
Having separate messenger is a waste of memory. Updating things that are annoyingly useless making my phone more lag
I strongly feel Facebook shouldn't MESSENGER on the account.
Nice app nothing to say. Best.....
I Love Facebook
After this messenger app things went haywire. I unistalled that ish from my phone the moment it told me "your session is over, logging out" like I'm on some kind of public computer in a school library! It's ridiculous!
good for me happy
Don't get why there's so many negative reviews. The app works perfectly for me. Using android 4.4
Fb
too much space
Facebook
:* :)
It sucks.... wenever I try to open it... it takes me to the home page of my phn..
Five stars
God is love love is life
The old facebook.can chat.the new facebook.cant chat
Error n error..
News feed doesn't load, the app in generally has become slow, the only thing that loads is chat, need an update or bug fix? Something?
My app crashes everytime I click on anything. I cant do anything on it even after uninstalling and reinstalling. I will be uninstalling it for good. It keeps going down hill with every update.
Senang
Good
The Interface and Features are great but it needs to updated in a way that it does not take up the phone memory.
Favorite! !!
This is awesome
I uninstalled Facebook Messenger and Facebook uninstalled aswell and now I can't download it. It keeps saying error incompatible update. Can someone help please?
Great App
Too many permissions!!!  Exits out after 3 seconds!!! New update very not recommended! !  BEEN TELLING EVERYONE TO RID FACEBOOK!!  TERRIBLE
average
The best social app
Awe awesome
What
Not soo good nd not soooooo bad....it's jst okay apps...!!!
Love it
Ummmmmm
TO SLOW!!!
..the best
Dnt b fooled. Same permissions as fb messenger.
I love this app. i check it everyday. but can you make approving tags more easy by having a tag review link too just like what we have on timeline review. Thanks!
Time waste
mmm.nice
Great
Amazing
This very good apps...its use is very easy..
Since the update this app has gone to hell. I'm fine with the messenger app but the app is constantly freezing, force closing, and now it has my entire phone so screwed up I had to do a factory reset. Not very happy at all with Facebook!
Zoom
Always liked facebook
Nice app
So good app
Yes it is
Why why why aftet 2 years....are you constantly  crashing every time i try to post to my wall!!!!! Uggggghhhhhhh
Loveeee it
Facebook

wont let me watch videos
Seriously! It gets incredibly annoying when my feed refreshes every 15 minutes. I'm actually at the point now where I barely even use the app, or Facebook at all for that matter.
O my Gawd on my phone it takes up way too much space,  and now it is not uninstalling. Facebook told me to "Manage Applications" so I did and it said that it was 51 MB... and now I can't uninstall it! You need to fix that...
boo
Since installing messenger, my fb shuts down after a few seconds. It freezes,or goes to black screen too. Uninstalled messenger and it still shuts down every few uses. Not happy! I saw that another user had the same exact problem.
Awesomeness
Great social media
Facebook
Feel good
This was fine until my tablet updated last night. Now this just force closes and refuses to allow me to publish any status' or comments. Need to develop a error report system so we can help pass on the tech issues to you faster.
Paula Meloncon
Sometimes it doesnt even work ._. Fix this and maybe itll get better
Nice fb
The new update SUCKS. IT automatically updated. Now when I click the pictures!! Its blurred!! I can't see it clearly..! And it takes to much space on my internal memory! But I like the other features but! I hate the pictures! Please fix it. !
Good
marypinganyi
good as ever
the best sosial telecomunication....
I am no longer able to hide all stories from viral clickbait sites. Please fix this glitch.
Love this app!!!! I would give this app 10 stars!!
I lke it nt becoz its a time pass but becoz it makes my relation stng
My FB app keeps starting the feed over in the middle of me reading a post or if I watch a video. Ridiculous!
This is not gid app
Never righ
This app is getting worse with every update. I am about to remove it from my phone and just check my Facebook from my PC.
Its An great App
Great way to keep in touch with friends.
Dear facebook. This app is by far one of the worst ones you have ever made. Suck it with your messenger app that doesn't work anyways.
This is so awsome
Ugh! What the?! Its sooooo hard to download!! It tooks 3 hours  and up just waiting for it to be installed >_<
Good starts
Amazing
Annoying!!
It is really frustrating that the default is set to 'top stories', some of which are from over 3 days ago, and there is still no option to set it to 'most recent'. I have to go to 'more' then scroll down, then select 'most recent' every time I open the app. The down load info states it is 20mb, when it is actually 68mb. Not impressed. I like the old version from 4 downloads ago MUCH better.
I updated the app recently and ever since then I keep getting an error message that it's unable to load my news feed. Please fix!
The man
Nice
Aswome
The app is slow. Very slow. The option 'view most recent' is hidden behind two clicks and cannot be set as default. And now it also pops up a message that IM will be removed to the designated app. I stopped using this app. Not worth the frustration
Amazing
It is wonderfull
Yes
This app take too many space and when i uninstall it and reinstall it it won't download and tell me -22 erorr what does that even mean :/
Don't like the way Facebook is screwing with our phones the way they change every thing all the time and freezing up all the time sucks
It's OK
First off there never used to be any ads on my timeline, I have gone to managed ads preferences and opted out of every single one, now they just keep coming back on their own, Facebook, you have really crossed the line and my company is in the process of putting you out of business with a new app that has no ads and can do much more than your app can do, you will be the next MySpace
Social media Facebook has helped people to find their friends who been far away, I loved it
Nice
Good app
Always crashes on KitKat version . Please fix this !
It's very simple to express our feelings to each other
Very good
Aaa
Can't save to SD card & phone does not have enough space & I only have a couple apps...Update after update has just killed this once awesome app...sux!
I realy love it good job but i realy hate when it always hangs but still love it just fix the hangs
hi
Nice update
Update is Epic fail. It won't load photos in news feed and in my profile.
Good
It's Facebook. It does the job, but it does it poorly. It crashes to any other app I have running on my tab 3 at the most random moments. So far I've counted 17 times today. Fix it please, I just want to check my Facebook without it constantly switching to another app
love it
But  it  always  have  net  work  problem,,,ads  to  uoload
Why facebook forcing us to install messenger? we even send messages as easy as you said,it sucks!!!!!!!!
I like it
For chatting
loved it
Why??
This app stops working n I can't even pull it up u need to fix it now
luv my friends and photos
Friendsily using
Always having trouble using facebook on android. Says it doesn,'t. ,reconize this account
Ts so cool n more intrestin
Nice app
It takes a lot of space. I dont like that.
Waste of a life
Super slow. SUPER.
shk
Teasdale
Used to work
I don't like the requirement of a second app to have the functions I previously enjoyed.
Nice
I hate that i can't see messages without having the messager app
Hi
I am not going to be any problem with anyone !
cannot life without you <3 <3
Need to install separate messenger app to see messages. Why can't show the messages in this app itself..??
Works pretty good :-)
Please add setting to sort comment 'top comments' and 'new comment'.
Yup yup
please fixed it soon i cant open facebook with my android
Keep crashing after update
Majority of the time i go on Facebook it closes, please take the time to fix this
it's always slow & I hate the messenger app & the ads for it. Also the past few days it says on mobile "trouble loading news feed" I uninstalled it & reinstalled it but it's still not working
Life is like a wheel.
This app is awful. Closes by itself. Freezes often. Overall it is poorly done. Fix it please
Facebook can do a little better on recent update. Come we need a HD up date to cover like three months of if dates.  If you can atleast up date once a month i will give it a five star :)
The bomb
sharminakther
Lol I'm so happy for new update
Using it from sin 2k9 amazing
I uninstall my fb apps.. coz its log,automatic exit then cant update.. then now i want it again its error downloading then i have enough space on my phone.. gushh..plss fix it..
I cant log in my facebook
Deceptive and intrusive
plsss less ram and memory usage
good
Love this app
Nice
Tall and thin
Good for making friends and staying in touch with ppl
Hahahaj

I liked  my facebook. my fast love Facebook. I love Facebook +parven.
Why can not install app fb the phone lenovo?
I love the app but when u make people install the messenger app I think that is taking it a little far, specifically with all the non privacy u have by downloading that app... I think it should go back to the old way... lots of people agree to this, get rid of it... it's not fair

To many lagging.. Fix it
Love it
Seriously no app to sd card yet? Its been forever now. Im talking over a year.
Videos don't load or finish, awful
It ain't working
Facebook is a wonderful way to stay in touch with distant love ones & friends
Always unfortunately facebook has stopped and just a second i cannot open fix it now many people want usa facebook pls faster pls
facebook
Its good I guess just needs to go back how the old facebook wars
Its not installing. I doewnloaded twice. The first time i got an error saying invalid file. Second time it finished downloading then just started downloading again. Plz help
Good
This the best app in the whole world
I uninstalled all of my apps and this app will not install!!
It's fast and great
I think that the layout of this app is fantastic!
Now the need to make it so you can edit your profile and they would get 5 stars.
Than
Stupid update wasn't compatible with my sony
It good
Constantly freezes and closes all the time... Crap app...
Minsan d po agad nag re response ang application n ito
It's a good app
Good
No like poor quality
I like it.
Menyukainya
love
Its great
Im keep having problem to log in, they told me to verify my account I did and It's still not working I can't take this anymore. I can't login.
Sucka
Love
I love it I frt to socil lise with friends and family
Face book is taking way too much space for the user so unless you get this eradicated so that it dont use so much space
Can't use messages without another app. Thats just a bit rubbish.    The rest of it works fairly well though, shows everything happening as long s you don't want to message people
I dislike Facebook forcing me to download Facebook Messenger, if not I can't see my messages. Embarrassed.
I havent ran up on any problems using the Facebook app, some people are saying it has errors, but I have been using it for a while.
Kiribud
Wow over 100,000,000,000 Downloads it must be the most downloaded app ever
Well need to be more swift, and should work smoothly even in slower internet
I badly needed to uninstall my old fb because you are forcing me to install messenger! Really hated this new tricks you want to do with the Facebook!  Just let us users to decide if we want to install or not! ! Take us back to the old fb app!!!
Lol
Nice
Please update this. It is so slow holy God and so is the stupid messenger app
I cant find how to update my picture.
Haha

Easy to use
It a easier way to get to facebook
4.4 KitKat, fix your freezing.
Boo! I cant believe it! Takes up lots of space even if it lags. Jesus you suck facebook.
It keeps force closing. UPDATE..... I have got rid of this app, it will not even stay open. Garbage.
Its beging to be BS
Y'all want to much n my th app keep closing
09062014
Facebook takes up to much space and wont get pased the loading screen on my phone
Why I can't move this app to SD card. Is it true that you are reading our phone. Please fix.privacy pls.
I'm not downloading a second app for a feature I don't even use. So unlike most people just complaining about your invasions of privacy,  I'm just going to stop using it.
Life just got eazier
EXCELLENT
Great app
I hate that I can't use my messages and I will not download that messenger application ever again!!!!!! FIX THIS!!!
Nice. ..
Samsung galaxy s3
Greatt mark..
Nice app
Nice mark bawbag
Ch.salman393
Crap
Quiero mucho
Facebook now come get it
Nice app
I really like this fb keeps me in touch with the little bit of family I love.
When I updated it clean the news feed on my close friends.  Take it back please restore my close friends updates
I cant watch videos anymore started when i updated this facebook pls help me...ill rate it 5 stars...if u able to fix it....and Thank You
Please dont force us to download that messenger !
It takes alot to play the videos n I can read my messages n I don't want to download the app
I can not do "Most Recent"  for the news feed in the updated version !!
This app took too much space sucks and u forced us to install fb messenger too
I don't like it
I'm so mad that you HAVE to have Facebook messenger to see your private messages. Its bull crap. On top of it this app is full of glitches and problems. Uninstalling. I'll just use it on Firefox.
Had..
I love Facebook
I keep getting ERROR "-24".
Love it
Love
Love it
Facebook takes up way too much space. Also it is making me get messenger to see my messages. I don't want it, nobody does, understand that!
You could improve the speed but other than that its so much easier than loging in through the web 4 stars.
Wowwww
Facebook keeps kicking me off as i scroll down it on my samsung tab 3 since the new 4.4 update.
My location stopped showing up in my status after the last update.
On galaxy tab3 and S3
I think the app works great. Just wish I could figure out how to change my news feed from top stories to most recent.
Freezing up and auto close since update! Bring back old msngr!!!!! Note3
This app crashes so much that ive lost count and decided to remove it from my tab 3. I just use it on my iphone now. Other ppl complain of the same problem but not on the ipad though.
App is very good and easy to use
:).
This is so flawed I cant even watch videos posted on my experia tablet.
Logs me out constantly on my tab 3. Can't post or read pages without it shutting down.  Fix please
everytime I get a friend request text message it does not work it logs me off please fix this or turn my text messages off
Facebook
Why would they need access to my text messages and phone calls. Bye bye Facebook
Love it!
Cool
Last update made  the page so slow and laggy that I use my browser instead.
Love it
Easy to swipe
No tb
Love it
Love Facebook
Wow its cool I can't text
Great easy to use thanks
Its ok
Cannot reply to comments using the android version.  Very confusing when commenting with people on a post.  Need to fix.
.............nob
Updates are horrible and news feed could be better
the newsfeed takes forever to load. I can't default it to most recent activity. finding the settings you want to change is not very intuitive. the separate messenger app is stupid, I'm not going to use Facebook messages anymore.
Updates to slow
Why is my best friend who has same phone as me with facebook edition 17. And i have 16 why cant i find this 17 edition ?? :/ :/
Face book
Lovely
You gotta come up with a solution facebook is taking up more and more space on our phones its not good sure you can do something about this  PLEASE ANSWER US!!!
Awesome very awesome
its keep loading and i have to force stop it..
Crap
More features for improvement. Lol
Facebook
Love facebook
Better i guess
Yes
And now Facebook is crashing. But hey at least my entire phone doesn't crash anymore. I hate having separate apps for everything. Kind of negates the whole point of having everything in one place. Don't even get me started on pages manager! That's an even bigger joke than messenger. Just use FB on your laptop via chrome or safari and forget it!
Good
I love it so much i can see everything on it
Yaaaaaaaaaa
Absolutely amazing
FRIENd   family
Facebook overheats my phone. Please fix
After i updated it,it much slower than before.I can't update my news feed!Fix this!
Alaa Salah @yahoo com
Takes up much space. Can't message anyone if i don't download another app which I won't. Shows the feed of 2-3 days ago. Suddenly decides to force close. Takes forever to load. Can't delete comments. Can't edit. Lacks many good things. When another app is out the next thing you'll see is Facebook has 0 downloads :) I prefer instagram for posts and Kik or Snapchat for messages
Soical network thats good
Its great
Sweet..
I dont get notifications when someone likes anything that I post
it needs to much space nd dont move in SD card
I just uninstalled the app because they forced me to install facebook messenger.
Constant force close since uninstalling messenger app
Sticks ont my tablet
Always change the most recent to the most popular. Hate it.
Amazon
Whenever I update my profile photo it never appears on anyone's newsfeed..
Gudi
Pro is: easy to browse on the app. Cons - slow to load basically log in. Unability to check messages without having to install the unsafe messenger, and most games on there are slow to load up.
Takes up to much memory and I can't move it to the SD card and without the messenger I can't get messages it also cuts of when you log in cause the phone has no more memory
I
I really hate this app it's unresponsive and is very slow.
Excellent
Keep. On keeping on!
Since the new update the app never works. News feed never loads and it takes ten minutes for one picture to upload. Not cool. Plz fix!
I love Facebook but this app is annoying. Nothing loads for me if I see a picture or a video I'm not even able to click on it so it can open and it doesn't even load up a pic for it, it just shows a play sign. uninstalling and reinstalling if it does it again I'm no longer using this app until I see an update
Proud
THIS SUCKS Quit updating Facebook you aren't improving anything as a matter of fact you're making this app worse. Just saying.
Brosreth001
Its a free app that does not take up much space i have apps that take up 1gb stop complaining about it nothing is perfect
Last update keeps shutting my tablet down pi$$in me off
I   like   very  much
I can talk to all my friends
I'd normally rate this 5 stars, but just today, I keep getting the 'unfortunately, Facebook has stopped' popup. And it's not letting me even open the Facebook app, or much of anything else. I tried opening Clean Master to clean up some junk, but the Facebook app popup is preventing me from doing ANYTHING on my tablet, except for using YouTube and Chrome, thankfully. So now, I'm using Facebook on Chrome, which I hate to do, until this bug or BS clears up. I don't know whether to uninstall and then reinstall the app, because I see that didn't go so well for the review beneath mine. I'm very frustrated, because this came out of nowhere, and it's not stopping. It's very annoying, and extremely frustrating.
I rated back to two stars for many reasons. 1. It takes lots of memory 2. Slows the whole phone down. 3. Settings keep changing all the time.
Meet friends on Facebook
hate that it automatically goes to the top of the feed after I view the comments of a post
This app gradually eats away memory. It takes up way too much space
Hate it...i hate it.. wtf is up with 'Session Expired'? like every so often it comes up & logs me out & i have to log in again....WTF.
Ever since I did the most recent update it keeps crashing! My OS is up to date and I have a Samsung Galaxy Tab3.
Yea
U need to bring bac most recent activity to this app all I'm seeing is same old comments every time
Facebook messenger should be optional to use now I just might as well uninstall if I kan't send messages from the app without installing the messenger
App.
Great Facebook & I love it.
App takes up entirely to much space if only it could be saved to ad card
Good
this version is not good replace it
Hi
Awesome for communication and finding out about things
it is excellent,luvd it
But I can't download it anymore for some reason please fix guys
Its so good
Amazing it is free u can talk to ur friends online if ur not a speaker but u want to see what ur friends and family are doing then facebook is good if they have it.
deleted and installed  facebook messenger. gets away from the ads and other rubbish from the news feed!!
ITS REALLY SLOW
Why is the "Most Recent" no longer set as the default? seriously Facebook you are slacking big time! The older version was much better than this so called improved version!
when i open my facebook , it will close back to my homescreen .. i don't know why .. im always uninstalled and install my facebook apps .. as always ~ huhuhu :(
1st rjdys
Very very goood and nyc
I like it
Fancy
So Whenever I need it I'll use it
everytime i leave the app to do something else, when i want to use it again, it takes me back to log in page, every single time.
Haven't even been able to open facebook since updating. says I have to uninstall heaps of other apps. And I thought the last update was shit. This one sucks big hairy balls. Where can I find a link for an older version of the app?
Ilove this facebook
Works fine
So great i connected with all of my old friends.
Takes up too much space, have to downlod a separate app just for messages. Stupid stupid stupid. So done with facebook. Who else is with me?
Like it
Kembangkan
ssaawwe3@hotamil com
Super
It work
Nice
Hate the update
(Y)
Wonderful
This app is terrible. Facebook needs new programmers. Cant view current feed when opening & have to search for it. Then everytime I try to scroll a video tries to play & locks up my screen. Facebook also takes up way too much space on your phone. And whoever decided to split up the messenger app...needs to find a new line of work! I refuse to download the additional app that exceeds my privacy level. Waste of time & memory.
Because Very speed
After I dezinstall Facebook Messenger, Facebook stop working. You guys are worst and worst every year.
Nyc
Why are you wasting my space?
Superior
I am not granting you access to all my private details etc talk about invasion of privacy - you have lost me!
Closes constantly after 3 seconds on galaxy s3 how do I fix this?
nice
I cannot watch videos it always says error.
Nice
It's a nice app, but it has a very high CPU usage. It sometimes makes my nexus 7 to go slow.
Ok
Nice and ok
Keeps force closing and rendering my handset not to be as smart as I was told
Amazing
Its just awesome
That's better
Bh
Won't load up or freezes a lot
With each update, Facebook is taking up more memory...I have to delete other Apps to keep this one in my phone & clear cache all the time. FIX IT!!
Works great. No issues.
Cant download
Good but when I open the message to see how's message is there but then it says please download messenger
Not working at all. Freezes my phone. Uninstalling
Its my favorite
I hv'nt usd ds facility due to invalid email addres .I m repeating my adress bt no respons
The updates never change to much, but overall Facebook is very good app. 
Ilove face book
It wasted 101mb and more ....that's a lot they should do a SD card thing
Takes to much space
Dah nk senak..
It'll do
it works not properly ?
its beatiful i love it
Good
Sweet
I keep pressing most recent .. & it keeps giving me OLD posts...

Access to my mic and camera.....I'm deleting all of fb apps and related software.
O
Connected
Its great
it was only for timepass...
Good!
-24 ERROR?? WHAT I NEED TO DO?? GRRR
It is good gys
I think it is good aap
Vizury saaana
H
Realy it's most enjoyable.
Thanks for this
Cant downdlod
Whats your style
Best social app
Takes up too much space & slows my phone down.
try to install this app but kept saying error Fix this
Good app
Klo
Because your not responding all of the comment .. your facebook app was not always always work .. just like me i need to uninstall this app and install it again to use this then when im logging out the next that i use your fb app i need again to unsinstall and install it .  so please fix it fo us users of this app ..
It's really slow . Keeps telling me I need messager when quite frankly that sucks a**. And this automatic updating crap...... If I wanted to update it I would I don't need u guys telling  me what I should and shouldn't do.....sort it guys. 
Its ok but..it makes Impudent by installing messenger..its completely memory flimsy.
this ap is very important and useful information app store that
neither d old version was worthy nor d new one , its nuisense бнбнi really  hate it ...
The only issue I have is the "most recent" and "top stories" opinion needs to be brought back to mobile. I don't always have access to a desktop or laptop, and generally use my mobile phone. I don't always want to see in my feed, things people have posted days or weeks ago. Fix that and I'll give 5бюбябюбябю's
Goood
Too slow.....   please try to make it faster
no more
It helped me to speak with my family members
Stops while using
No. More.   Hacker
Nyc
Its mast.
Good
I like it
After updating my ph software the pre installed fb got uninstalled.. & after this i tried many times reinstalling the fb app from playstore ..everytime after full dwnld it showed "incompatible update"..now i wasted a good amount of my data for this with no net gain...worst!!!
Shalu
HELLO
I am not able to chat via this app. I am forced to download messenger.. I hate it.
Ok
Tak leh nak update la kenapa
It is a great app
It's a great app but loads a bit too long for my liking.
Cool Cooll
k
go ahead I am enjoying my day on weekend
I like
No videos can b playd
Exallent
101
good
No more recent button hate this think I will delete
But it use more battery
Still very slow, but works again...
Nice app.
I just got a new galaxy and now this app works fine. Honestly, it's the device not the app that sucks.
How come one minute am on fb.In the next minute you are saying you can't verify my account.
Takes too much of the ram space ~x(
Nice but slow
V v Good app face book.
Akram khan kallar
Ji
cause your bum is to big to fit in a small SD card
I Do Not Want to be on FACEBOOK,MESSAGES
great feeling sharing ur thoughts pics with ur family and frens from almost anywhere of world.
Nt much bt fine
Kidu
Ni
The newer versions are fast,  fluid, and gentler on data and battery life. As a phone app,  it's a great improvement! However if you have a tablet, the interface is user hostile. Fonts are tiny and there is only a single column of information. I gave up and uninstalled it. Five stars for my phone and one for my tablet. That averages to three.
19931022
Awesome
Good one
Account
Nyc...
Would be so much better if I could actually reply to messages without using messenger
I had to uninstall messenger application because it made my phone crash every time I used it and I must say my phone is powerful enough!  Now I cannot text my friends via Facebook application either since it won't allow it! Very disappointing!
Not at all satisfies with app .... Still waiting for the best update that I can get :)
Problems to much
It os the best site
I can't connect because they say I have no network connection
Juz luved it. Very good app
Garbage

Does this app really need constant access to my Michael and camera?
Wont let me on for more than 5 seconds and    then it closes out please fix
I am so fed up with this app I am on the verge of deleting it all together and saying the hell with Facebook. Its ridiculous how long its been messed up some how or some way and now you want me to take extra space up just for messenger.
Not bat
Improved lot
Rock
Kool
...thanks..nice one!! But maybe you could atleats less the size it cause too much space,..my internal storage surrrendered because of this app's, but very good its really good than i expected..
(:
Very good
When I get on my Facebook it won't let me refresh my news page it said error loading news feed fix now please!!!

Very nice!
I loved it
Yea
Montecalvo

Thanks
Bring back the messages
Jkdksla
i like it it connected to my friends
Seriously slow.. crap
cant download this app
Best part of it is keeping our minds free and close to our friends.
But after a few days it shows 'connection error:
Happens to force close most of the time when I opens it and the phone becomes sluggish and also it takes a lot of time to load the screen do something....!
I would give it 5 stars if they didnt force you to dwnld messenger to read your messages that's BS! And when I read the long list of things they would be able to control if I dwnld it it amazes me how people would still agree to that
Too good now
Argh! Di makapag installed!! -______-
Need a way to have this app be moved to the SD CARD on SGS4.
Good app. 100 out of 100.
Sonan

Laimma Whitening and Beauty Cream only on Rs.250.
I CANT UPLOAD FACE.ERROR.?495
Really  good
Keep getting error notices every time I get on Facebook
Its awesome
Its simply a short cut to Facebook. Easier than going thru a search engine.
Good
Black stars all de ways
Nice game
Excellent
Keeps fing crashing
Facebook is using lots of storage of my phone....
Nice
Lot of memory consumption.
This app required a lot memory . Useless
<3
This latest update doesnt allow me to see videos and pictures don't entirely load
Sucks!!!! Bad manifest!!! Wtf
Not bad
Thanks
Very nice apps. Thanks to Google play store.
I like this game so much
Good
It says I need to update my divice but it is fully up to date..
Mishra
First this app take so much memory and Ram memory...then this app generate data memory and cached in so much huge amount..then this app forced me to use messenger app and messenger app doing work exact as it is like fb app...i hate it...i love to use my social fb account but i hate this app...
Amazing.....
Awesum
I love this app
I don't like this app too much it takes too much time to load any photo or video                            please make some improvement
Stupid app.. Closes everytime and has a huge security issue
I just install it n use only one time. so I can,' say about it.
Good
Too many weird people following me and expecting me to give my number!!!
I like it
Bakwas
very good aap
Besttt
Can't watch videos,  app keeps freezing!  If it ain't broke,  DON'T try to fix it! !
Hey its simple problem i have after UPDATING this app. It crashed whenever i played a video. 1 star given beautifully. Fix asap
So easy to use! I use this rather than the PC version!!
Good
Facebook
Super
Occupy high space
This app is awesome

Not beater
They are reading our texts and recording videos
What is with cover photo settings. When I chose an old cover photo again it appeared to be new as all the comment and likes gone from it.
I used link2sd for moving Facebook :)
When i  try to view someone's profile, it always force closes
Facebook
An amazing app
I love it.but i cnt receive any sms for my code
Constantly bumped off......what is going on!?  Even reinstalled FB and still getting bumped off.
Takes up to much space and they keep updating it all the time I'm barely getn used it then boom new version
Because the facebook Id best ahahhaahhaahhaaa
Ok ok
Ever since the last update Facebook keeps shutting down.   Very frustrating.
The app won't load over wifi. It only works over data now.
Uninstalled the messenger apps. To read msg have to go through desk top/pc. Messenger apps nuisance.
Crashed alot  *update * since last update will not even open. Using my browser from now own. DELETE. Thought I'd try again and it will not load pages
Love u Darling
I like this a facebook
Great
The app has become more slow and unreliable since the Update. It was ok before, but now the app takes a long time to start up, and sometimes exits it self for no reason. Also, leave the Messenger app as an Option. Peraonally, I use the Messenger app, but others may just like to use the messenger on the Facebook app it self, as you don't have to sacrifice storage space on your phone for another app.
Charming
Promised me a better social life, stole my social life
Pesado.
Great
The only reason I still use fb is for school friends and family other I would delete. Invades your privacy and takes up most of my space on phone and keeps logging me out.Not to mention I'm tired of seeing group posts with nothing but sex nudity and bullying each other.STarting to hate Social Media

Great app
took messenger off now I can't wacth any videos ppl post. bout to get rid of facebook to if it don't get fixed.
I simply love it,
;
Can't play uploaded videos. Lots of people have been complaining, but they're not listening. I think FB has gotten too big and powerful to care anymore.
exilent
Why do you really need access to my cameras and microphones, at any time? Kinda bullshit... just to use this app you give them permission to pretty much rape you phone and invade all privacy you thought you had!
C
To open facebook.blah blah blaH! I have so much space! This is the worst app i had ever had!!!! * to all people dont freakin install!!*
Ilike
Pooklen.af
Why are you trying to force me to install a messaging application that  has access to my camera and audio recording?
It's nice app.
Good application
Vardi
Love soo..... Much
Awsome
Cool,easy
It kept forcing me to download messenger
Just great
Nice
Freezes when trying to do anything.  And PLEASE FOR THE LOVE OF GOD, give me folder browsing options for uploading photos to posts and comments!!!!
Superb, faster., good... I Loved it...
Ik62432
Download
It keeps me In touch of my family and my friends
i like it.
Fb is a big help to many people when it comes telecommunication
Excellent
Don't fast
:)
Perfect
Bye bye facebook app. Forever. The mobile site is a pain in the butt, but I have plenty of space on my phone now for other things... like instagram, Skype, pinterest, and a fancy text app... which all together completely phases you out. I can text what's going on with my family in a group text. Chat with friends. And post pics of my kiddies on instagram. All taking up less space than your ONE crappy APP. You are on your way out the door Facebook.
nice
This app is useless on Xperia Z. Videos don't play or stop half way through, has 'juddery' scrolling and takes up to much memory. Just use Crome it works a treat.
mrs
Helpful
Cool
This app is good, however the latest update has problems.  I am using a Samsung tab 3 and there are problems with the friends request section and loading up. Please fix it. The are new problems as well - fb can you tell me why you as an app that is used so often keep  crashing after a few minutes of use? This is ever since the new update. The moment you switch from  one function on the app to another it blacks out and crashes. Pretty pathetic for one of the most used and most downloaded app's available!  Please sort out all your glitches!
So nice application
Good
Wont install smh
Wow
Nice
I liked it alooot . Gud place to meet with frens n relatives bt i cant move it to my sd card
It won't let me go on Facebook instead of play and uninstall it just says uninstall please help
Sick & tired of constantly having to uninstall just to get newsfeed to work properly.  If only I could rate it as zero stars. #fail
Thanks
Negative 5 stars
To friends and let's one  express oneself
It goes up to 60 MB after downloading please solve this problem
Lag!!! "Facebook isnt responding" -_- seriously? update? It must be better!!
Why i cannot install this apps
Compact
Sms? Mms? Call's? ................ -.-
Cult of personality
It bug a lot
No complain. I love Facebook.
Too many ads in my feed!
Battery drain!!!!!
Fusebook
Nice
I recommend every user donot install this
I dont understand why it cant be moved to sd card..Its wasting alot of memory.. Please fix it then i'll give 5stars.....
I can now open this app. But sometimes it is slow and need some time. I hate the 'Recent Research' update
Too sensitive
Communicating to loved ones is made easier :)
Love Facebook
I think its good for me
Yaa kinda good but not perfect
Nice
Do it
Very good .
It's so slow!!
facebook's latest upgrade keeps a strangle hold on links you click on.  you are still inside facebook instead of being passed off to youtube or a browser.  privacy concerns aside .. it breaks my video functionality.  upgrading youtube does not repair it.  uninstalling and using "friendcaster" exclusively again
shahzad
Very nice apps
Works get
Why can't you just leave it as it was?
It is good but an option to copy text and paste it is highly desirable.please provide this facility
If you fix news feed errors it will be a straight 5
Love this app
Goood app
Wood
Nice
jaj
Best
Now I hv to download facebook messenger app for messaging...in this app when I go for messages it either shows learn more or get messenger app..
Took up so much space. :( even though i have more space it wont install.. Please fix the problem
It's great
Good
It Sucks
Locks up on my phone. Have to close & re-open to perform any function except scrolling. No other app I have does this.
Nice
strong
Rather have my space
Since this update where the Web pages open in the app I only get a black screen when I try to play videos.....I hear sound but I get a black screen. You can't leave well enough alone huh?
Can't live without this app
Desi events will be send to this
Gd one
Doesn't work
Best wishes
Latest upgrade crashes every time!!!
new update'no good'...
I love this App, its simply fantastic.
Love the app
kabir2
Kh
Cant post or share since system update
Prasanjit
Guyssss!!!!!! Very slow in loading!!!!!!!!
Amazing app
facebook is not responding.....would you like to close it...ugh.....
......awsome..!!
Good
O.k.
Facebook
Yeah
Satisfying
Awesum
I just dont understand why u people keep on increasing the app size with evry update. Reduce its size & surely many will install it.
On my Sony Xperia Neo L, I can't write a status, reply to messages or comment posts. In beginning it worked normally, but about month ago it stopped working. When keyborad opens, it closes alone. Terrible! Does anybody have similar problems?
It creates hanging problem
There's no option to give this app lower grades than this... I can save any kind of picture from facebook but not my own profile picture.. plus it crashes every time I use it and also slows down my phone. Not to forget the videos that never load!
Nice
Very good
Yoyo
Good
Like it
Good
great social media ever created..
Awesome app
Glupoooo, mnogo baguje
Good   like photo saving   vediosaving also needed   fix it
I like it more ..
The number of notifications to my mobile device dramatically increased and the ability to select what I wanted for notifications didn't work and needed to be reset for each device. Privacy intrusions went too far. Requiring adding another app for messenging drove me to the web site for all traffic in the end, for a single experience.
Best
Some updates aren't so good.. just unecessary
What is the cofurmation code
Nice
Love
I dont like it...its very slow
Best
Almost perfect . But sometimes , it hangs a bit . Great work Keep it up ! :D
It is the best to keep intouch with loved ones
Sometimes it does not respond
Why the hell if you likes something the whole world had to see it..?and why do I have to rate.?take the like thing away
Bt pages load slow so plzz wrk on that nd get 5 stars
Half the time the messanger is not working ,fix this app
I love Facebook
superb
Entertainment best apps
Google
I usually love the Facebook app but for the past few days every time I go to comment on something it closes on me. Iv tried restarting it and restarting my phone but it just keeps doing it besides that it's a good app
Mindbolwing
Fh
nice
Super
Rakesh chaudhari
Thapapur-4 katanpur kailali Nepal
very buty  download this
Yv
Slow but awesome
Lol
Very good app in earth
Well I guess I'm not on FB on my phone anymore.  FB your update is not successful, it is a flop. Will not load and freezes up my phone. Uninstalled!
Suprb ....
Rather use it on the internet.
Good app very good I love it
:)))
Awsome application
I can not say about this app
It is best
Good
Lado
i like the old version, it doesn't take such memry.
Awsome
Very socializing
Nice
Not works properly after Download facebook massanger
Don't dawnload this app..      Other browsers are good..
Super slow and says facebook not responding always need to download mesenger to open mesages and takes up big space in internal memory
super,
Cool
My email doesn't work its very anoying
This apps was so usefull
Eating ram
Hopefully aap
Facebook
Halu
Since the most recent updates it has been very slow.  Not loading albums, friends, comments etc.  Once news feed loads it auto refreshes every 5 seconds at times. Absolute junk with this update!
Why do we have to install " messenger " To view our messages ?
Is it important to install messenger in this app ?? Coz i really dont want to install it ..
Keep on popping out to my home screen whenever i scrolled my news feed or whatever.
91594
Facebook
Update
It's amazing
Mindbloing
It become like a friend.
Poor app........the older version is much better than this one........
Download
It always used to update it again and again better to give 3 n half star to it
Awesome
Loved it
Developers.  Youtube videos not playing now. Screwed it up again.
Photos and videos don't load. Fix this
Every time I install and open it closes after 3 seconds
Goi
facebook apps sucksгмafter update always crash
wav
Its good
Facebook
Love
It freezes a lot for no reason or will not load.....
Super app I like it
well done apps  thanks Facebook apps
do NOT force me to install facebook messenger!
Ram
I still have the old version of facebook fix
I enjoy me connected to family and friends.
I'm not much pf a critic myself but i'lll say this is gooood
Nice liked it
It is a worst app that I have ever seen.
needed this
I like it it is just for entertainment
Force closes a lot FDS

Good
nice application..
Takes up space
Good but not best error while downloading news feed
Like it!!
It won't even let me use the app I'm very upset and I think I will inform my freinds that they should start useing other social medias
This is not fear
SP singh
Fb takes a lot of memory space ever since i installed the update >:(
It's the best social network site ever!! Keep it up!!
Don't like the separate instant messaging app. Hard to tag people in status updates.
Newsfeed have top stories only. I can't see the tick when I edit friend list while screen is in portrait , I have to rotate screen to see that tick.
Wtf i dnt like messanger and now without messanger facebook chat is not working
Love it
I can't installed it...always show error....f**k off....
sangdow
The new update sucks so bad its just like the iPhone now get a new update back to normal!!!!!!
PLEASE FIX MY FB IT CRASHES A LOT AND IT WON'T SCROLL DOWN I CAN'T SEE MY NEWS FEED I WILL UNINSTALL IT FOR AWHILE PLEASE FIX IT
SUCKED !!!!
I'm impressed that a lot of the mobile issues that have plagued the mobile Facebook appear to have been addressed. I'm still bothered about the number of permissions needed and their purpose.
Cool
Nice aap
Loading up the pic is so slow. And after loading it, I can't saw the pic :|
'' view as'' option should be shown in this app like desktop version..
Excellent
Hean kdeb
Facebook
It's nice
Great
App worked just fine before fb messenger. Don't need all these extra apps taking up memory and battery power
This app has changed completely with several updates. Previously it was slow , unresponsive, posts "disappeared" never to be seen again etc, etc....now a complete turnaround...well done everybody concerned !
Out of all the complaints in the reviews I've read, Facebook has done nothing to fix them.  Their only focused on forcing their ides onto the users. It will probably get worse before it gets better.
Good work
Its so cool
WOw
ITS VRY BAD ..VRY SLOW ...
Overall it could be rated a 4. However, keeping up with friends and family throughout the newsfeed us a big factor. It doesn't really work well when the news feed isn't updating new post/pics.
Nice
12345678
Ghazab ki app. Height bhai.
Good
Very useful    news... one cop kiled one man while drivingn using facebook ..
Took too much room on phone!!!  Now freezes constantly and can't update due to it taking all of the extra room on phone.
Good
it eats a lot of ram almost 71 mb ram eats on my phone are you insane??
Very gud
Great app
Good
Wolekme
easy dude
App deleted it self after phone software/firmware updatin 4.4.2 tryed to re downloaded but when tryin to install it says uncompatiable update!!! Was working in phone perfectly before updates anyone else experienced this or can help? Cheers
Marvels
Hi
If it weren't for my friend this app would be uninstalled. Its gone from great to worst app
Sucks balls
So slow
Better done first.
Full
Good
exlent
It is Ok
Sarkhan khan766
Kumarbadal
Its so amazing the problem is it gets to many space to the SD card or phone
Bttr...
5676
Too invasive
Love is

How can I add my friends on the closefriend list? I can't find how to do it ever since I updated Facebook..please fix it...
Has Facebook been hacked like Apple iCloud. I got a message from Facebook that my accoumt may have been compromised and they locked my account and sent me a security link. The only way they will unlock is if i send them a copy of my passport, birth certificate, social security card or drivers license. Of course they promise to permanently delete it...Sure Hinkle. If they can't keep my email address safe why would i give them something that can get my identiyy stolen. THEY'VE BEEN HACKED!
Am11223344
To hell with your app. It's worthless now that I can't read my messages on it. I will NEVER download the messenger app. Both apps are memory hogs and invasions of privacy. I'll just use my Web browser from now on.
Abdoo love
Ever since my Samsung Galaxy Tablet 3 was updated the Facebook app shuts down randomly.  Won't stay up more than about 30 seconds. Have uninstalled and reinstalled it several times. Not having this problem with my Samsung phone. Lets get this fixed. Messenger doesn't work either.
No option for zero rating because I have,to give it to Facebook for two applications
good
I text it doesn't goes my internet is always good but your app sucks stucks alot old version was always so easy to use try to change your message conversation if you are talking with one private message you cant read other message fix it please
Ja
Uses a lott ram
I like it..
Samart
fine. .
always update but never fix the issue
mga gago..bkit ba kmi ppilitin gmitin messenger nyo..ibalik nyo sa dati..putang ina nyo
Very good.....
Facebook
Goooood
so good!
Awesome
Amazing
U need to have a good connection to run this app
i like fb

I hate this
I need software impress and new experience facebook in update learned it. and fast done now it using chat of course lots.
...
I like the app but itntakes up to much mother truckin space
Reduce The Size of The App Please! >.<
I cant even open it. Does not deserve any star at all.
Excellent
Kicks me off as soon s I get on it .. doesn't wanna load half the time ...even when I'm around Wi-Fi ...please fix.
Liked it
Ok is so stupid it wont download for the life of me >:(
Update suck
...
belum dapat kod selepas 48 jam berlalu
ull of magic
Top stories is obviously non-interesting and useless for most users as it is for me. So try and put most recent instead to improve the rating.
1.Everything of own's Timeline should can share another page not only my page. 2.Save Microsoft Office on Page and Note. 3.App:Should can share on Facebook of messenger. Problem : Somenote don't show from save it.
Great to keep in touch with people.  Good information.
Facebook open more opportunities for all of us!
Good
It's really annoying to try and scroll through the home feed but all I see is are white squares instead of pictures no matter if I'm on WiFi or not :( but them that it's ok
Bad bad bad
Doesn't always stay where I left off when I swipe away from the Most Recent feed to check notifications--it goes back to the menu and then I lose my place.
I can't view any pictures or videos. An unknown error occurs when I try to open them. I updated to the new version and the problem still didn't go away.
Facebook really improved ..
Good
Super
UNDESPUTED
Since updating whenever I try and play video it comes up with a blank screen and only get the audio
Can't sync.my contacts.
Does fine to me
Awesome
I logout  frm my fb aftr two weeks.bt nw i cant login again .its showing an ERROR. So i tried to make new accont.bt it showing some thng went wrong.i dnt knw wts tht mad thing. I cnt open any fb account throw this app in my phone o my mams' phone o my tab.its showing error error error error error error error........ nw my mind also going error coz of this apps' error....what i hv to do???whats this mad error???
It's cool......
Icon that stays in the lime light.....Public arena for biz, friendships, just chilling....*****
For some reason I can't download the app because of an error
Thanks
Very slow
I dont like how it has to have so much access to my personal stuff. You dont need to know everything about me and what I do on my phone.
Good facebook app
Neeru
Ultimate
Fast
Social network
I like the fast speed!
I unistalled app.i became upsett
Ok fine keep it up.
No updation
i like it
i hate the new version of facebook.
Nice
My love facebook
I can only give this 2 stars as there are a few issues since the latest update... The app uses too much memory and cpu... That it causes my device to overheat and lag... Facebook should not be using 41% of my cpu usage and 27% of my ram... What is the app doing in the background to use that much???
Slow loading
Facebook
Um aplicativo completo, porижm muito pesado. Infelizmente
I LOVE Face book
Ilike very
50 50
Aswm technology
gj
Nyc apps to share everything with frnds evry moments of ur life's u cn share wd ur frnds like ur happiness,ur injury,ur sadness...everything
Sajinb.m
I love it.
Every 1 in 10 videos actually work, either it doesn't load at all or glitches half way through
No doubt the app is very good but the only problem that I've ever faced is that it consumes a hell lot of memory and sometimes stops working and closes suddenly!
This is one of the slowest apps ever. Dont even deserve a 1 star

So I can talk to people all over the world but when u have safe mode on u cant does anyone know how to get it of
Why, why in this day and age is this app force closing?!
my live
Good
very good
This app is easy than any browser.
Suka sangat
Every second...its crashing god damn every second in my htc desire x...please fix it ...plz
Too much slow for loading....  Nothing change #itsLikeaTurtleLoading. 
All things
Rajashekhar yadav
Lovely
Awesome
Spp
Good
you are so gud
A great social network
Nice job
Good
I can't even download it.Any time I try,this keeps appearing"cudn't download due to an error 927". Pls fix it

V.good
Singh
Nize
I m loving it
Nice
Love it
Goood
amazing app
Excellent
I've just updated fb again & now I can't even get into it why? Facebook book used to be good till u started constantly changing it
It's a good place to find out the most gossip or lies!  See who's doing who ! And maybe even find a old friend! It Is what u make it with the people u make it with!                             Samsung Galaxy S4
Nice work good support
Why error for me?
Awesome
New updates are indescribable awful.  Go back to old version.
Shows error
Good
Love keeping in touch with friends and family!
Really awesome... Gud 2 be used...
After new update when I watch a Facebook video it closes the app not good . Galaxy s4
What the hell yar messages are not opening and it Is asking to download fb messenger. ...
Loved to use this app
stupid updates .it makes my phone so slow. don't update your version of Facebook
Extremely disagree with new version of this Facebook   Now only бябябябюбю
facebook
Good
It takes a l0t of mem0ry.and i d0nt like the fb app n0w ,it needs t0 d0wnl0ad the messenger t00.bef0re u cn send a msg. I reallx  hate it..
Simetimes its not workin' on my phone this is annoying
Awesome app
Best app
Like it so much to keep in contact with people...
Ik
The problem is a ram my ram is under 50 mob now are you can fix this app not make a ram ...???   When you can fix I make 4star to this app
Sorry but an unknown error occurred while trying to play this video. <---- this message appears on every video and is beyond annoying. I only use Facebook to talk to friends and watch funny vines. Fix this now this app is ridiculous.
Don't know what happened but got on it yesterday and when I clicked on a video or a webpage link it brought up something totally different and now youtube videos will play the sound but not the picture
Karan
Nice app but work slow. Should be add finger printer password to make full secure.
Nice
Looking
Good
baik
:)
Superb
Firoz Kannur
Something's up with Facebook since the latest update. The app is deleted from my phone and I can't install it back. Please look into this ASAP.
Good
Truth is soal of life
M
Keeps kicking me off after a few seconds, runs slow, and keeps saying there is an error.
saya suka
I loved it but I got bored by fb
It is not work well .. There is not a rine while i make  a chat with any person
good
Super
ANDINI
Hate the new slowness and instant to top when you're not done scrolling...fix it

It's good,  but something is missing
Plays the videos automatically but when I actually want to watch one it plays for two seconds stops until I press play again.  Really starting to annoy me.  Lift your game fb fix these issues
Too slow
Real niggas
I uninstall my facebook because every 5 seconds it's exits and exit. And now? It's still like that.
Thenk
nice
Good
Sucks bec of facebook messenger need to be installed
Rudxx
I can't message people without the app that I can't have so please fix fb
Love it
Aplikasinya terlalu besar dan lambat.
I can't move it to sd card and it takes too much space
good easy
Must download it
Plz down load and shear
Awful and invasive
Peter la angila
Whatever.
Facebook is very nice aep
I can't tell if my friends are online or not cause this tablet doesn't show it.
Pooja basavaraj t
But I can't move this on my SD card why why why
Un installed as it takes up all my memory and my phone can't run this stupid app
Boring third class speed in 4g
Newest update makes it look good and run sweet but there's NO RECENT UPDATES only top news stories which gives me crap from days ago... Useless in its current form.
Nice
good Google application
Still learning it. Need a Facebook training app.  or site.
U bttr get 1 coz iyashisa
Good better best
Its constantly 'force closes' and sometimes when I like something, it will dislike it
cool
The app keeps closing after about 30 seconds. This is very annoying fix it and maybe I'll reinstall it.
Excellent
Superb
Pangit
But not the best. Better than worse. I uninstalled this app a month ago bcz of taking lot of space and makes the phone slow. But I installed it today. Hmm pretty much gud than before but still have bit bugs. Let's see the next update.  If that update do gud than before, I ll rate 5 stars instantly. if not,   sure im gonna uninstall this and never try to reinstall this again.
Good
I love it
Good
Fun game
Good.
This messenger is good but after some time it force to download the latest version in which we cant se the pages n news feed
I still love this app. Even sometimes i experience some problems of this but thank you. It help me a lot to connect with my family
Composer
Ce
But the older version was better
Because the video's load automatically, it wastes my data really quickly. Please turn this off. It's really annoying and costly.
A lot of improvements which made the app faster and full of features
Amazing...
Awesome......
Good
it's my daily rooting work
facebook
Very slow and bad app
But why block is must be existed
I like it this app
Thanks
Ok
E-P-I-C
100/100
Since the latest upgrade I now cannot open any files or photos in any of my groups
Aaaaateeeeee
But forcing me to install FB Messenger, soo not cool... Let's see how this setup goes. For now I think 3 stars is fair
I unistal and then installed again... but now failed to installed ... plz fix it.... the only one app in use every moment... plz fix it....
Its really Damm
Norpatiqoh
Slow and slow, just like sticked by glue. Not the network, but the app itself.
Etfh
I love this app
Downloading and not installing
Good
Awesome... I like it so much.
This app is awesome i like it
This is very good
Acha hai but kuch khaas nhi
huhu
Make a option to delete unwanted stickers
Facebook my life
ATT
Nitish
My favorite app give me a chance to procide
FB in my hand. Too Good
:-P
African
Taunnggyi
Remove the messenger
Crashes everytime and messenger doesnt work
Easy communication.
Facebook and tango
Lastest update  - awful keeps closing. Can not do or get to anything. FIX IT
T
Face book
Good social website
Can get really slow at times
It's great
Thik hai time pass ke liye
Its a fast & friendly way to catch up with all you're friends & family.
Yes
I said niceeeeeeee
Face book
Good :))
Found some old friends & met relatives on here that I haven't met before. A way of communication too
Nice
Gd not to gd
Wow
I Like iT
Nice apps...
Fantastic
Best
best ^^
I want message feature back

It is good app
Good
Good
I so liked
Excellent
Continually locks up when I try to access it on my  phone & will not let me uninstall it! Rubbish!
Nice app
Easy to download
SD card
I got black status
Submit
De
Unable to install application
Very nice
I cant downlod the app  .. Its says "Unknown Error Code 919 " . I cant use my account if it will continue    .. Sucks бу_^
I need to update this app.when im updating this app i wasted time.its SLOW!!
I liked
I love this facebook application.
needs improvement
It really has turned things around for communication just a broad spectrum .
Good
Please please install a copy paste.
nice....
Good
Awesome
What the hell? Every time I update this happens. This app is going to be uninstalled. Pathetic.
App keeps freezing and bringing me back to my home screen. I only updated yesterday. Was working fine before that. Please fix
Having all the features
I like facebook

poor srvce aftr update...
Love it
Like
Since the update the app itself became a load of bullshit. I already had trouble with the chatheads previously because it would automatically close randomly and now its doing the same on this app except it would at least close 5 times within 30 seconds.
The best among the rest!
Everything's good but please update it to fit Google Material Design
unstalled the messanget
Sup
Sala time barbaad :D
Facebook
Bxch
Update error
My favorite apps
I've been pressing the "Hide all from blah blah" a lot of times but it never really hides anything from them.
Princess
What did you do? After update freezes, doesn't work properly, crashes... ?
its ok but  while using my phn get hot...its really embracing..
Mahr
Cool all I needed keep going better
fear no one
I WAYS DOWNLOAD ALREADY MANY TIMES IT SAYS YOU MUST REMOVE APP FROM YOU SD CARD AND I ALREADY REMOVE AND IT SAYS REMOVE APP AGAIN?!
very nice social apps
Stability
I Had To Uninstall The App And Now I Can't Reinstall It, Fix The Error And I Might Give 3 Stars
Super
Tatat
RPA Jaipur
The update is good! It very smooth
After update it keeps freezing onmy note 3 ! Sort it out guys
Getting rid of all Facebook apps
Ok one of us is slow
Owsome app
I have uninstall fb application but wen I tryed to reinstall it thn showing message storage space enough ? My fone have much space n sd card also. Someone tell me how I can find the solution ?
This app help me log in fb in any in my phone with out computer.
M.B
Good
Good
Cant copy any text
The app screws me over on uploading photos when signal is slow, yet even with a slow signal I can still post to Google+ and Twitter. Please fix this.
I love fb
Cool
Awesomeshala...
Good

I dont want to have another app just to send a message on facebook so dont make me have to download the stupid messanger now i cant even send anything because there is no option to say no i dont want messanger.
Im not rating it any higher until I can speak to people on this app alone. I hate the facebook messenger app and have deleted it. All I want is to be able to speak to people without my privacy being invaded
I don't want facebook messenger,  and because that I can, t sent the message.
The worst app ever......
Yiu
Not bad
Awesom
traffic loading...lack of memory
Sooooo cool application
Impressive. It doesn't took much space or neither face any problem till now. Its very friendly. Keep it up. Good job
Love....
Its good but d space it occupies z too much ending upp slowing d device
ene     stru
Nice
It's an okay app except that I'm not able to message anyone by just simply using this app alone. Hate to install another app just to view messages.  It's a hassle going to a computer just to see messages rather than being able to view it on my FACEBOOK APP.  It always has errors feeding on the page. It's been giving me more n more problems.
Good
great app  thankyou so much dude
Relaxing keeping contact with family friends classmates....etc....
Nice
Keep it up......
It's so big, why can't I move to sd like I can fb messenger?! This app keeps changing but doesn't get any better! Booo
Why you forcing to download fb messenger.....
I dont want the updated or upgraded facebook because it needs a messenger before i can messenge to my friends and it spending a lots of space of my cellphone and since its upgraded its so slow  please refer
Perfect
B
Not bad
Has been glitching like mad for weeks now. Closes itself when trying to look at stuff. Screen freezes for no reason. Seriously considering deleting.
nurfaqihah tul aini
It enhance my facebook experince
Goooooood
Very good

Exlent
super
Very fast
Good
like it
Your requests for all permissions have driven me to delete facebook not sure what you do with all our info
Good App
Size is too high to suck the ram
It's ok.
I hat the fact that I have to have two separate apps for something that started out as only one.. lags and crashes. Not happy
Coool
Niceh
Why should we need to have a separate apps for messages? Messenger runs terribly on my phone one star until you bring back messages
I almost deleted every app I have, but it still says memory full, and FB won't open :c
Top stories is the most annoying thing ever! Go back to a regular time line. I want to know what is happening now... not last Thursday at 9:43 pm. Honestly, because of the crappy changes you keep making and how much personal information about me you "collect" or outright steal... I really can't wait for the next evolutionary step in social media to come along so I can be done with you.
Good, but some features cant be done. And why does this suddenly have so much space?
It's awesome I loved this version of Facebook
Smart
Now updated version not.. Compatible for my kitkat
Facebook. Facebook. FACEBOOK!!!!!!!! I am a Facebook ADDICT!!!!! and this app makes it SO MUCH FUNN!!!!!!!! Farmville 4 LYFE!!!!!!
I often get a notification from facebook saying 'you have one message, three notifications.....' but when i click on it they say the page cannot be found. Please fix it.
No reply to comments in the app
Hmm....
Pone
facebook not working at my phone
Anwar
Thanks all :*
----it's nothing but the way of wasting time
Best app I ever downloaded  thank you Facebook
Social world epidemic
Few improvements needed as others have stated, and ability to move to sd card needs restored, takes up to much internal storage.
So slow and doesn't load up at all! :(
Since today I've not been able to do anything with my app bc it keeps crashing after a couple of seconds every time.
Mansarshaikh
To many permissions required
Its has been d Best.
It looks great
The new versions are very slow on old phones. the messenger is. .. the worst program. It was better with out  messenger.
This is the best app
Package file was not sign correctly. Wat das dat mean.
Cant play videos from different link like 9gag.tv....previous version was better
Nyampah
Upasna enjoy dis app
This application sign out out and my facebook is up to date
Great
Their is some problem with search bar. Whenever i search it losts connection or either takes very long time to display search results.
740356623n
A good update with all bugs fixed and it's looking nice too...but it's taking too much memory and my phone starts to lag... Pls do something about it.
But chating need some improvement
Ok
My Life
So annoying...I want to install this app...and I have to install mesenger app too..
facebook

Keeps locking up on note 3....really aggravating and annoying
great app

Fade book
Thanks for your
Hello
Not able to copy others status
Video player quality very low..not playing.. not reverse... not replayed... not downloaded... what is best?i hate.... pls add features, example....i like or comment than privacy button add "show all friend or no","show all this post commenter or no" (sorry i don't known well English) my phone memory is low pls change it external memory installed option
Bolih tahan
A common man
Excellent
I like that Facebook on my mobile. It working proper nicely.
Good
Nice app

It took so long to download it
Nice
I love Facebook mind you. But I am sick and tired of the constant refreshing. If I am looking on a feed, read a comment and then hit the back button to continue reading down the other posts your stupid mobile app brings me back to the top every time.PLEASE FIX!
GOOD
Best
Number one app
Facebook ruins life

The UI is now better and is more stable than before but the chat is still unstable and mostly force closes !
Bad
Good
Vinay Javali
Ssl error in loginwhen I use this app but won't effect from normal browser it works correctly but in this app its show this Fuckin Message.
i cant use it perfectly very slow on my phone :-(
I like it.... have nice....and...beautiful....day..  enjoy lt...my dear friends....
Most awesome social media ever!!!
Great app

Very good application
I love the Facebook app on my new phone! Great job! :-)
Do something about this update thing
Tish app is cool bcs u can do any as pc
Nice app .. n new version I... Like it
Nice app
Keeps freezing, not loading, error etc......  uninstalled.
Ilove you sayednoor
It shows every thing randomly. And the messager wont notify me when I have messages liked the old one beter
Full website is bettet and familiar
it will be in zenith if I can reply on other's comments.
Its brillant and faster facebook appp
What happen? I can't install facebook anymore. Please fix it.
NOT working. if u fix this problem I will give 5 star.
Gooooood omg
Not bad!
;)
No thank you ! I don"t need your new messenger
Want text selection option.
Um why is my Facebook app force closing and backing out on its own?  It also doesn't show my notification request or message tool bar fix immediately!
It take lots of internalmemory
I think it is a good way to talk to your friends when your phone is not turned on at the moment
Social networking makes nothing but drama happen and paved the way of other social networking bs apps being made thanks Facebook for making so many waves in so many lives I wish Facebook could be outlawed it would make my day
Nice
New phone great Facebook
I lov it
I don't want that app. FB app alone already takes a lot of space from my phone. And now forcing us to download Messenger? My phone is getting slower because of this. I would give no stars if it was possible.
The app is super slow at loading anything. First off, since now videos play automatically, the app seems to slow down and even crash. Its also slow when loading the news feed.
I
TOP NOTCH U KNOW DS BUSINESS MOST WANTED.
Nice
Very fast ...
Facebook is best and master mined over is best services link is Facebook is best services Facebook is friend log ke liye charting karne  ke liye  hit he
A good app
I love it...cause it easy i
Love for all hearted for none
Perf
Nice
Open facebook pls
Know many good things
Loved it.. :*
siva
Reads your texts and videos u without telling u. Also sends emails to people without telling u. Dont download.
Lovely it
very nice app but takes a lot of credit
Value
Amazing
Everything else came back (photo, emoticon) except the location.
Maya Byron
Good
Like!!!
Brilliance is the key
Ok
I uninstalled the Messanger App and since then my fb would exit out after 3 seconds, I thought I needed to uninstall Facebook app and reinstall it again but now I can't even download it, it says -22 error. Does anyone kno what that means?
V good
C
stupid bkwassssssass bulshit
Facebook is a useful tool.
After I installed kit kat in sony e1, already installed one was deleted and not able to install the downloaded app as it says incompatible. Please fix it because I like to use always face book by it's app
Good communication app
Aw d one on the Verizon LG g Vista
Gr8
Often crashes on note 2 with new update please fix
I never know what I'll see in my feed except that it's guaranteed to be completely different from my computer.  This app is utterly useless for keeping up w/ my FBFFs.
I don't know why I'm on it all the time I love it
Takes to much memory on my phone. Had to install several times.
Facebook z a tremendous social networker who joined us with our lovely frnds & be update also.

It should be faster
Very fast and good
Terrible
Its tooo slow
A great conector
I like it
Love it
Your latest update with regards to speedier connection to YouTube doesn't show anything only sound
Excellent work
Alright
First of all this app is too slow to use plus it takes immense space. Fix this.
WTF Why are u forcing us to download Messenger  For Now 1 star untill u wont force us to download messenger -_-
bad
Love facebook
Ok
Fantastic
Slow
Love it
Just keeps closing cant keep page open long enough to read one post. Uninstalled

Woow
There's no "reply" "edit" "delete" icon in comments >.<
F
Not awful!
Update
:)
I like it
Facebook
Awesome app however,  lately its en freezing up???
Awsom
App now tells me every single time someone likes my post it comment. I don't care, I don't want to know that. Can't even figure out how to change the settings as the notifications section doesn't even have a box to tick for 'like' notifications.
123314
FB NOTIFICATION work is slow. Today event so after two day why is it????+
i love it :'))
Hello my friends
Crashes when scrolling, commenting, sharing. Pretty much useless. Please fix and ill fix my rating.
So Cool
Everytime you try an load it crashes cant even go  through your news feed
So good
Facebook
I unistall facebook in my android because my son keeps addicting in my phone and my phone crashed because of him.
Nice  app
This app is just a stinky crap,i ask you to never use it.This is bulshit.
Good.
Gud app
Vry gud to use n connected with the latest friends
I love it
Good
Ok
Excellent
I uses normal browser for fb now. FB app wont let me see messages, delete or edit comments, not to mention it takes too much space.
Exceelent
Dont like that I have to use a another app to message. Fuckking dumb
Bb
Worst update ever! Pls fix
With it installed cant do anything on my phone as it just freezes
Then you made messenger required. Way to make this application useless to me.
Beautiful
I love this social side coz from this I meet my gf nw I never wnt to waste anytime without this I love fb
I love facebook.... but the only thing that i don't like is the way that they are changing facebook... if facebook was like it was when they first made it then i would put all 5 stars ....
Thanks for fixing!
very3 slow signal in downloading and installing my fb....plssss...help....
Is illuminati confirmed.
Nice
The. Best
Since August 5th or around there I can't view videos on Facebook. Ridiculous
Every update this app getting bigger memory consumption! And now you want us to force install your messenger.. This is really unfair im only using low memory cellphone so it means i cannot use the fb chat now!!!
Apart from it eating my data like crazy!! And I got a small plan which sucks... otherwise its awesome :)
With Facebook i increge my love
About had my fill of fb. Making choices for me....requiring waaaay to much use of my phone. Locking up. Privacy concerns. Eating battery....and ram....and space. Even now...just dl'd angry birds and it seems to have killed the fb app. Hence, the reason for me back on the play store page writing this.
Cool
Nice aap previously I can't upload my pic in fb ...... Now becoz of this app I can upload
Need to fix the facebook messager on this app  i cant get to my messages now i do not want to download the app because it the space on my phone it take up too much can we please fix this
Thineh  thineh
Can't play video we want old Facebook vision
Okay
It makes my tablet & i pod crash a lot also it will automatically power down my device other than that it's a good app
Facebook is my favorite app work good.
Very good
It's always asking for a update, if with in two days it's ask a update and killed so much memory... Should be change
Says incompatible update
This takes a lot of space on my SD. I like only Facebook version 3.8
Excellent app.
Sharing something
It's a good application but the size is too big
Ok
I can't enjoy the app....I can't even get on my regular internet. I have 2 apps on my phone and that's it. Very disappointing...deleting it.
I'm not able to download facebook app after my phone's Android got updated. Now when I download fb it shows not compatible app message plZ help asap
Pictures and video do not load,   even on many different phones, drives me nuts! Brand new phone, new app downloaded, still screwed up!
Like
Facebook and messenger app takes sooo much space! And now Facebook constantly crashes, this just seems more trouble than it's worth.
Good
Good.if any problems.just uninstall then again install.
Use too much space
Like
Good
It has been installed twice and doesn't know it.  Too bad.
Exellent
Wtf.
Your app is draining away my phone battery even when it's not in use. Kindly patch it. Thanks.
Whoop
It is an aswm app pls use and suggest it to use also
The new updated version always says -error loading new stories, even on wi fi, or on data.....
Good
Why am I not getting recent posts or tags?
Facbook
Hay friends this app is good app for samsung s7562
Excellent
Great App for uploading chat
Melody
Superb
Anwar ali
I just don`t like the way this one looks.
takes up too much space n cant b  moved to sd
Mansharshaikh 73
Why it suddenly closed when I still using it?? I hate it...
I didn't really pay attention to this apps permissions until all the hub bub with messenger started. After looking closer at the app, I found the permissions are pretty nutty. The app takes up a lot of memory, and a lot of space.  I'm Uninstalling the app and I'll just make a link to The online website. No space hogging, no privacy issue, and as of now, messenger is still integrated into the online site.
Sucks
Awesome application
Good
loved it
The app auto updated, which means I've lost functionality. Brilliant really. I'm getting very tired of what was once a great way to keep in touch with family and friends turning into a data mine of personal information.
Every time I try to download I get an error. I have ample space. Now fb is just crashing over and over.
I don't like it because yal made it mandatory that I had to instal the messenger app ! & little do people know you get access to all info also not concerning Facebook  as in call logs,  text messages And camera..  It's been on the news for everyone to uninstall this app.
There's gotta be a way to turn off the app's new "browser" right?  It makes bringing up external links faster but the YouTube videos only play audio and some pages don't load up.
Social network
Great
Love it
Coleman
It's a good app
Its cool but takes of most of my space on my memory card
good
Hmmm not sure is the best anymore..
Great
Good
What's the deal with his sketchy messenger app? I've never had a problem messaging through this app. Its total bs having to leave one app, go to another, send message, close app, go back to Facebook. I mean seriously???
Hehe
26290
Plss fix this app. 3 times i uninstalled this because of forced stop. And I don't know why.
Mr Abdirahman
Nice
it works so slowly and takes more space......
I love it
This app is the best to search persons who are faraway or missing
Please fix this
It makes no sense to have to download another app! It sucks. That is all
Too many permissions to rate higher. Facebook is super invasive, but family uses it, so...
Fb
OK
Sucks
Luv
I have nothing positive to say about the update!
Ok
It was nicely updated and good for social media also
I love facebook
Yes i can
Wish I could give it 0 stars. I had to uninstall it and when I tried to reinstall it, it kept saying error
To those ho use it
There is nothing I dislike more then being forced to download additional items.  I'm getting rid of this app.
My comments through this app won't post
Nice
Keep it up
It took too much space on my phone and it just hasn't worked right since.
good
Mo
Becoming easier and faster to use a web browser with every update. Messenger is now intrusive.
It so fast just like my computer IMAC. Not like using Google Chrome on my phone.
It's ok
This app takes to much space on my phone we don't need the messenger app that's a waste of data also why can't I post a video on facebook plz fix this thank you
This app is cool
need a friend
I reckon this shit.
Really Good
Read title. Other than that, OK app.
It's too heavy and i don't like this version
Love it.
~ Promise <3
Everytime I try to refresh to see new status it freezes....
Facebook
Thish is fabulas pic
Good service...
Every time I try to update the app...it always says not enough space on my phone or gives an error code...what the heck!!!
This..this..this..
I m useing this application Ever
12121200
READ THE PERMISSIONS!  You have to agree to let Facebook access your camera, your microphone?? Your contacts?  To contact people in your contacts?  Your emails? SMS and MMS texts? Your SD card? To add or delete content on both internal memory and SD card? Your location? Its pretty scary what they ask and how they bury it in 200 pages of legal mumbo jumbo.  Might as well just broadcast every aspect of your life private or not.  It took me deleting this app several times before it finally disappeared.
Ok
great
Good but fix one thing people can note that you were using fb even if you stay offline it shows them the time like 5 min ago please fix that .
Nice
Since new update now I can't choose to see most recent posts. I have to keep seeing the same posts or posts that are days old. Why do you get to choose what I want to see?!
Good job
Google
Taking lots of memory
That's okey..
Message system should change...  why we cant texty on facebook... why  messenger is must for messaging... why we install 2 apps... it sucks please change it into old version of facebook...
Bilal Anwer Khan
I like it so much
Sometimes it's automatically forced close. :(( And Please fix some bugs. And it takes a lot of internal memory. I cant edit it to move to my sd card. Please fix
I can't use the FB app on my phone. It requires wayyy to much storage and I can't store it on my sd card. Also, why is there a mandatory app for messenger??? Screw that ! Way to go Facebook for ruining a perfectly good thing.
Takes to much space. Also the instant video in feed keeps crashing the app
Papa johns
Its to slow, freezes every 5 seconds and keeps shutting my phone off.
Oooooooo
Can't update it so I can't open it
They kept having me resign up. Then I got kicked off for having to many accounts. Now I am having trouble getting back on.when it's working I really enjoy fb.
The tux
It ok
Good update
Too much space
Nicee
Works really good!
Sucks dick!!!!
Perfect
Sososososo much
Love it.
Good
nice
Causes phone to continually freeze. Removed and reinstalled now even worse
Won't let me upload videos and force closes all other apps
Exclent app
nice
Why still unlike option is not available on fb.....ITS SURPRISED !!! pls fix it
Best ever
Always use it
mc
Jst kips gettin better
Awesome forever

Remove Facebook messenger please ugh
I cannot download in my phone samsung s2,I try so many times I can't.
After the latest update,it still have the same problem as previous!  it crash no reason with no report at all. Please fix it. Is very annoying!
Excellent
They hack your phone and watch you and listen to you and record you when they want!!
nic
Fb
photos in very very bad quality
But brah video posting won't let me load videos and apparently ppl say it's to much space lol y just try leaving it to less space and more accessible for users please
Wonderful app
Good
Facebook page closes whenever I click on a friends name, a picture or try to go on someones timeline, even my own. SO VERY FRUSTRATED!!!!
:)
I hate having to install a whole other app just to be able to message someone.
b
Soooo SLOW, had to download another app to send msgs and takes up WAYYYY too much space on my phone. Come on fb u can do better than this!!!
easy 2 stay connected
Not good
ladyboy.086245734
This app give more friends
Theres no more MySpace but your still here that should speak for itself
Fantastic
Not enough avsilablr in Indeprndrncr aSaga Mo
Nice aap really its excting.
Just feel like using bigger phone nothing as tablet app.
super Dooper to see profile picture
Won't let me post. Just automatically closes every time. I have to then Un sync my account then uninstall then reinstall.  My app won't work at all. Now I have to go into the browser on my phone and go to the desktop version just to look at facebook. That is not good when there is an app that I should and have been using for years. Fix or I'm going to have to just leave facebook.
It doesn't deserve more than one star since it made it compulsory to use messenger to chat on fb.
Reliable
Here I come.
Awesome
Good
good
This is very annoying. It keeps freezing and force closing after the update!!
My videos all wont play some you can watch some you cant
Nice
love it
Excellent excellent
After the last update this app becomes  crap  for many phones i use to give five strs but now after this last update  i give u only one star ..  and this new policy of using messenger is alsoo not good        day by day u making this app worst
I had to update the app & now I can't even click on my own profile without it kicking me out. It's very frustrating. I can't click on anything without getting kicked out.
It's cool
I hv to install this privacy invasion update, the old version seems stupidly not working as it should...oh ya...this apps too often its force close...suddenly not working..why?
Not able to view videos with the updates
I like thes
{Don't ask for contact info that has nothing to do with you and messenger y'all OD excuse me.}
Awsome
No trabaja
Love it
Lovely
No longer shows my location and I miss that
Sucks more
jamezmackang
That's what irritates me the most about Facebook app. Unfortunately no other alternative app has all the features. That's the only reason I keep coming back to this app.
I hate that I have to have messenger installed. Its bad enough FB now takes up so much space, now I have to have laggy FB Messenger installed to take up even more space. I have to attempt to open FB multiple times before I can even look at posts, and when I try to look at recent posts, it doesn't show half of them. Stop changing the layout every week and work on what issues your users are having. I'm about to just uninstall this app entirely..
Buggy and enormous. Despise the latest update's handling of "most recent" and messages.
Update greatly improved it, only problem is the app closes on its own
Very nice
Facebook
Super app
It keeps freezing up!
I like the app buy it keeps freezing up and I had to reinstall it now I'm running out of space and had to re-update everything
App keep crashing in between....especially when a person is blocked.....There was no prob till this latest update......Xperia Z....
gooood
Star
I'm getting tired of this app now (once again) ! Half of it won't load Can't make a problem report because it doesn't load. App needs to be fixed
<3
I hate that fb has to have access to my sms and calls literally everything on my phone. You don't need that into.
What a hell ....it take so much time to start
CAN SOME BODY CHECK WHATS GOING ON ? I HAVE REQUESTED TO CHECK THIS ISSUE SINCE 90 DAYS ? IN ONE UPDATE THE ISSUE WAS FIXED AND AGAINSAME,  PLEASE FIX ISSUES WITH VEDIOS, UNABLE TO PLAY VIDEOS IN ANDRIOD MOBILE.    IF I TOUCH VIDEO I AM FORCED GO TO HOME SCREEN AUTOMATICALLY.    I TRIED SEVERAL TIMES STILL THE SAME UNABLE TO PLAY VEDIOS IN ANDRIOD 4.2.1 VERSION.    PLEASE CAN SOME ONE REVIEW AND FIX / HELP
Takes too much space and doesn't move to Sd card
Make the messenger like this please
I Loved it!!!!!!!!!!!u????
Fully time pass great experience
I love it...Heartbeet of life...
Amazing
stop forcing us to install unwanted apps on our devices!
FACEBOOK ... Why is your app causing my phone to overheat as well as my battery to drain within hrs!! ... HANDS DOWN
Lambat n berat...
Its a zte warp. Please fix .
facebook
Manjulavaghani
Its not letting me send messages keeps asking to install messenger when I dont want that sh!t. !!!!!!!!
I hate messenger.
I cannot log into Facebook. I have tried to set up my account. And very frustrated with trying this is how I commutate with my family and now I can't I am very frustrated with trying to log in you all make it very hard to do and I am really mad.
Se demora mucho en abrir y ademивs le doy una funcion y muchas veces me saca la aplicaciиоn por eso le doy a esta aplicaciиоn una estrella
I like this app.
It got better but takes a while 2 load
Time paas
I love facebook
Sweet
The only problem I had with it was if I search a person or page and clicked on it would load for a sec and say Facebook stopped working and i would have to go back and to Facebook and re click the person or page i was looking for and it'll work the second time, only does it to new people and pages i look up
I PREFER THE OLD FACEBOOK. THIS SUUUUUUUCKS
Works great! No problems
I'm always updated with it. :')
Useable
You cant reply to comments. And its super slow.
To much space
Great
Slow working plz fix ..... I am update every updates but its not fast .... Plzzzzzzzzz fixs
online
Hai
Can't open after new update request! Keeps on "setting up Facebook" and freezes.
Why when someone tags me it doesn't show up on my page anymore?
I love it but it locks me out sometimes
Jana Anjana sabse Milan  hota  hai veri good face book  I like it
Superb
its so upsetting......it takes so much memory
Mantap
Running smoother on my moto G
Panday
This app is drama
So slow
What the hell have they done....... I dont like it.
Please make timeline go in order at all times.
Good
Facebook is very nice aap the some photos shared it any frds..and enjoy anytime
I keep getting an error; Facebook.orca has stopped, when it doesn't even stop!!!! Even when I close the app completely it still give me that notice! What the heck?
Love it
Too much space it taken
Yeah!!! \m/
That is a good app evryone.
Can't edit if you did a mistake it's really annoying
It takes too much space and it won't let me see my messages unless I install messenger. Which I can't Due to lack of storage space.
He said no network connection but full of signal??
Micromax bolt touch ke  liye yah apps achhi nahi hai phone store low batane lagta hai     .20 mb ki hair ye apps
Please sort it out Facebook. That is the least you can do after having access to our information. Disappointed and soon going to be uninstalled forever if it doesn't get sorted out.
I can't view videos
You make fb step backwards
Nice app
I would have gave u a rate of zero instead of one bt too bad it doesn't have "none" rates....to be honest, this app sucks..it keeps on saying "not enough memory" wen I install it bcoz u guys put alot of stuff dat people dont want on facebook...nd its filling up my memory...I dnt even have dat many apps in my fone...I only have snapchat nd whatsapp nd I am trying to install facebook bt it wont let me...cбоmon facebook...u can do better dan dis
Cant download
I can't open this app without it being slow, freezing and force closing. And forcing me to download an app just to see my messages?  No. That's ridiculous.
It take to long to download I'm was on 0% then turned around it was on 16%
Cant open it anymore since update
Addicted
Like it
You shouldn't have to get messenger to see messages
Use Facebook all the time
Cool man yes,yes,yes,yes,yes,yes
Nothing needs to be said!
It was awsomeeeee
ILabIt :*
Don't like being forced to use messenger
It close by itself. No warning no nothing. Just shuts down
Zach
very good
Fix It I Cant Post Videos A Pictures!!!!
Too much space covering, always crashing.
This app sucks it goes really slow and i have a good device can you update it. -_-
Awesome stuff
Be a perfect
Why even when you own a group you only pin one post at a time, what you wanna pin an advert in one post, quiz in another, etc. Surely allow multiple pinned post in a group would be better
Somun
Wowo
It could be nice if facebook have a video call.
Need to improve alot
It's fun to use....
Otherwise good
Facebook for android is great application for use
I can look at anything but my own profile. Is there a fix for this?
i love this.
True thing that
Nice
Get it.
Juju b
Awesome
The app sucks it doesnt even work half the time
Not only its like 99% of Messager. This Fracken app takes up to 120 MB my phone only has 700 MB, you are the only app that's so expensive for space. I can't post emojis and it glitches with the comments too by going over the same comments over and over. Plus you people really need ALL that information?
Beautiful life
Love it
It's cool
His app is way too big. Also unnecessary.  The mobile browser version is actually better. Also I really dislike that now Facebook is opening my links with its own internal browser.
The old and the new.
I ts ok
I have a samsung galaxy s3 n I cant even use the app today...... I had to keep going into my phone browser to do anything. I tried restarting the phone, n uninstalling n reinstalling. I did the update. No change. It opens n as soon as I go to click on something it closes. This is REALLLLLYY FRUSTRATING!!! It was ok before today tho. I like the edit comment option that was recently added...
wouldve gave 5 but it wont let me play videos. everywhere else does but the fb app
Fb
Newer version
Love facebook
Facebook
Why do you want to hack everyone's private lives. You cannot take any of it with you. So why gather so much hollow wealth, what do you need it for?
Had to install horrible antiprivacy Messenger, no more chatting via Facebook app... really s#cks
Why can't i tag some people on my pics or comments or status updates? they don't have anything private but they still can't get tagged in anything!!
Awesome app but please do one thing that help us to move this app in external memory
You guys won't tell me why im disable
It has been a week I couldn't open my fb account in my android phone.. It is said: could not validate certificate: null
Ok so every time I go on it a message pops up and says facebook isn't responding. I click wait and it says it again. This is making me mad. Fix now please.
Siiiiip...thnks
Every time I use it, its memory on my phone keeps on getting bigger and bigger, so I keep on uninstalling  and installing again and again. Please try to fix this, then I might give you 5 stars.
Stop downgrading this app!  I hate the new update. I've had problem after problem and not the location setting isn't working.  Please change it back to the way it was!  Please listen to us and fix this or I'm deleting this app. I'm much happier with the web version!
Hi I am updating the version frequently but I am not able to see the notification numbers on the F icon of Facebook ..could the team help me in this .. sorry to trouble you people on your busy schedule .. Thanks in advance
This very sad for face book.
Liked it
Why need apps messenger? Fb apps cant stand alone? Its annoying with notify of messenger? Why dont hv a optional.
veryyyyy.    niceeeeed
Nice and fast and so awesome
Great
Its nice
Cover picture photo of me?
No good
only one word PERFECT
Facebook should not need permission to tap into your phone. I can take a good guess that all of memory space and battery drainage is due to the recording of all of your personal data.
It is so nice BT  it upload more time
There's like 20 posts that I can get through then the rest won't load. Please fix!!!
Very good functioning App. I am using since 2013.
So much changes i hate it
Wtf??? Error loading News Feed??? That's very annoying =.=
I hate when I'm scrolling through pics (right to left) and it goes to my contacts. I wish it wouldn't do that.  It's my little pet peeve with this app.
THIS APP IS AMAZING
Nyc
I'm not sure why I'm wasting my breath even trying to tell you the problems with the app Because other people have told you and you haven't done anything to change The app takes up too much memory on all phones and also nobody wants to go to a different address to be there messages I mean what's the point of that you have an app to do certain things that is a Facebook app nobody wants to go to Italy different app
This update continues to close unexpectedly. Very annoying.
I couldn't open after new update. Took off my phone cause it took too much memory and made phone run slow. Hate the fact you have to have messenger if you want to read messages. Take up to much memory for a app you can't move to SD card. Fix this problem.
Not impressed
I had to delete the app because I didnt want to lose my pictures, why doesnt it just go to my sd card I have a 32gb an it saying memory full an I have 4 apps an 10 pictures. Now I cant even download its bs !
Loco
Good
Can't Like anything or comment anymore.
Investing in this app development and still takes nearly 24mb. Like its game. Please reduce app size by 25%.
Its   give  me  some  beautiful  moments
Bindashbasnet
Works good no complaints here. Allows you to get on Facebook without using a browser.
Great app wouldnt change any thing. Its a fast way to get to facebook
I downloaded it y it is not showing new pictures in news feed

Exllent and wonderful
It took years to open the app. -_-
love it
:-/
Fb is only good to promote my stuff. When I find another way to promote then fb is history.  Who ever uses fb now days to just communicate needs there head tested! Fb is a mess and always will be.  FB ur goin down hill fast
Everybody around the world has a Facebook & I'm just glad it's an easy way for everyone to connect with family and friends. Keep up the good work
The new messenger app is too invasive and I am thinking of ditching FB all together.  There is Google+, Twitter, Skype and many more to choose from.  You are not the Monopoly!
Too slow, then won't load. Reinstall... error, package problem!!
Ok
Good job you broke facebook...
Yass
My fb app keeps crashing constantly after its most recent update. Also, I'm unimpressed that i would now have to download messenger, not going to happen. Previous to all of this I was very happy with the app.
Works better now using a tablet. And saving it on the sd card is a big plus
Terrible message function. that's why you are losing versus wechat
Can't shake the bugs!
Its bs that fb chat is required to message some one and keeps telling me I have a message but can't view it. So I'm deleting fb till it goes back the way it was before
Keeps foreclosing ALL the time now... please fix now
Best
Its OK for Facebook app very fast,
sion is very good
Samsung Galaxy Note 3
Dont like the fact you need so much permission
Great apps
I don't why Facebook wants us to download its messenger app..not cool
COOL
Amazing concept a world village
Its good
I don't know what else to say. I'm on Facebook to interact with friends. I don't want 2 RAM wasting apps running when I only actually need one.
Is taking 50 mb on my phone and I can't move it on my SD card what the hell please fix that
It does not work properly. ..it's too slow. Lot of time is taking for installing. ..and more space is needed.
Just downloaded on to my tablet and now everytime I try to use the search bar it crashes? What can I do?
i cant download this aPps :3
The hell ? Fix this . It keeps saying error.
Every single time I try to post a status, upload a picture, even clicking on a link, it crashes. This app no longer works at all on my android tablet. I hope this is resolved soon.
new features n modifications are really good indeed
So much space first of all, hate the fact that I have to have a COMPLETELY DIFFERENT app just to check my messages. Now, this P.O.S won't even load my news feed, just force closes.           I might have to go back to MySpace.
I cant even get signed in. There asking questions that don't make any sence!
It's good  to  improve the speed
Keeps freezing up over and over Facebook sucks fix it didn't do this till the new messenger crap they added
why move to sd card option is not available app is too big do something to make it small size fb messenger is unneccesary
The best of wechat
Nicesssssss
Able to keep in touch with family and friends.
Why does it show like old newsfeed from like a week ago. AND IT TAKES TOO MUCH SPACE What the faq man
Good App.
I hate messenger......
It's nyc but speed is low
Hanged a lot
Keeps kicking  me out of the system
A big problem is that I can't change my cover pic if corrected would rate it 5 stars
Won't let me watch videos
Mobile App.
It should be a one star.
Pictures doesn't load properly and always shows black.
Seems very nice ,,
**************************************Please add a dislike button next to the like button with a thumbs down picture on your next update please please please ***********************
Why do I have 2 install msg app.  Refuse 2 install it. Fb wants 2 much conrtol of my phone.
Duh
Love it
Thank you
Great
Its such a disappoinment. At first I thought it was normal to be notified that my memory is lacking and it tells me that I should erase some data because there is no space anymore for its update. I also thought that Im the only one who noticed it but actually not. So its actually very frustrating to have it as a social app now. I wish you could do something with this.
U had to go make a separate app for messaging with ruins experience, easy access, and takes space. Horrible decisions here facebook
Apparently a Galaxy tab3 is to outdated for Facebook because Facebook crashes whenever i try to post a status, comment on a status, view a post, view pictures, click on a link, scroll down on my home page, even sometimes when i log on to Facebook it crashes. App is WORTHLESS! From now on I'll just use my browser... Then I don't have to worry about Facebook invading my privacy
Second time in 3weeks updating it... not even through my monthly data plan and data usage warning is going off. Am not buying more data just because Facebook can't get it together...
This app is always forclosing or not responding on my phone and on several of my friends phones as well. The website doesn't work as well. And it really sucks you can't put the app on the sd card and that you have to have a totally separate app now to message someone. Takes up way to much space on a phone.
Sincecyhe update my phone keeps crashing also video's are black screens Wot's going on??? getting really close to uninstalling for good
I get into Facebook and the screen goes.black.. What's going on??
I dont like to install it.why i can't open my inbox sms if not install this apps?i dont want it pls.
Love this app.Amazing way to keep up with my classmates.
Why don't this just open when I tell it too. Eating a big chunk of my RAM every second of every day.
After I reset my phone I have tried several times over the past 2 weeks to reload and for hours my phone indicates "waiting for network." I have no problem downloading other apps. I also hate the new separate messenger app...unnecessary and new "features" are ridiculous. Please stop trying to fix what is not broken and breaking it!
I don't want to download messenger! Bring back the old messenging system!
The best
Its nice to c people i havent seen or talked to in a long time thats y i like it
Love it!!!!
I hate that Facebook keeps trying to force me to download Facebook messenger ... why download it when you can just message people in the Facebook app
I like this  but I cannot get back in  help me please  thanks
Takes up too much space
Good
Like this app
If you could make it so the app doesn't completely reload every time I click on a link.
Good
Disabled.  Won't let me remove it. And I'm not adding messenger to get messages.
cant move to sd card.. take so much space..
Ooo the best app
CAN YOU FIX THIS ZUCKER? I CAN'T EVEN OPEN THIS APP, AFTER THE UPDATES.
vale puro pito
It is a very fun game to play, I can't sy open playing it. It has become a habbit.
After update,sometimes the screen just go completely grey and i hv to quit the apps
Facebook
Its fast!
Lots of space
It crashes and lags constantly. Also records all user data on phone.
Doesn't run smoothly...
muy bueno
love
Buena aplicacion
Messenger
I have uninsured and reinstalled this app several time since last update. Still can not visit friends pages can't post or comment with out it crashing several times. Its a shame we have to let fb violate our privacy for something thats not going to work properly hardly seems worth having since the latest update.  Only give 1 star because i have to to post a review!!!!!!
E stvarno 'ebo vas inbox :P uninstall

Berry good
Love it
HATE the new messanger. HATE with a passion.
I don't appreciate being forced to continually update in order to continue to use fb app. It takes up so much data as it is that the app leaves little room for any other apps. I also refuse to use fb messenger. Too many privacy issues with both.
Since I'm a guy who doesn't want the Facebook messenger app, it's not great for me. An added annoyance is that when someone messages me it puts an orange notification on my phone's Facebook icon when I'm not in the app. I can't get rid of it until I go to my computer and respond.
It's ok just not what I would expect it to be.
Futura
Loved it before the new update, now everytime i click a picture, notifications etc i closes down the app!!!!
heart
I have found Facebook to be something special for myself
Updated to kitkat 4.4.2 on samsung tab now app crashes after clicking on pics or comments, really sucks please fix.
A handful of the features that have been added are nice, but like everyone else it just takes way too much memory and most of the feature are pointless,and also for me the app will freeze up and nothing fixes it. I can manually kill the app and restart it and it will still be frozen up, and I can even restart my phone itself and the app will still be frozen. Its more convenient than using the browser on your phone, but overall this app is just pure garbage.
Like it!!!
Takes up too much space.
f
Hate it
What will this world be without this app!!! :)
Even though I can't download it anymore.. :( BUT! Yeah that big 'but'.. Wait! Yes! I download it! :D
This happened after the Kit Kat update on my Galaxy tab.
I want chat without messenger...:(
Takes up way too much space, can barely install it. Plus it will not allow me to switch it to the sd card. Just change/fix it please.
Spyware proxy
If I could give it no stars I would. Facebook stopped working so I unistalled it now it's error 904. Fucking pmo.
it takes too much space ... and be better if we are be able to add file or create a documen on a facebook group ..
Its ok but it wont let me sign in I have to delete my app and download it again
It wasn't that great of an app and now its taking up soooooo much space! I recommend on not installing
Takes too much memory,  crashes every ten min. I'm constantly cleaning . News feed is usually a day old , I gotta visit friends pages for recent posts :/ this sucks major privacy issues here !!!!
Best apps
Facebook is ok but messenger is too invasive.  Use the web interface instead m
good thing its free
Good communication app
If you are running Android 4.4.2 (kit kat) do not install.  Constant crashes.  Over and over.  Worthless.
Yay!
It is stuffing up now! I don't know if its my phone or not but its annoying me now
Every time I log out my news feed will not load
It is a great app. May be the battery consumption could be reduced...
wtf no new updates it too slow as well
Gud
I love facebook
Like
Take care of your pets
best
Too many updates. Never works after updating.
Giba
Cant login using my no. I really don't wanna use my email
Slow
Loved it
?????????
I have a small glitch where i click on a picture or video and it when i push the back button, it doesnt put me on the video or picture i first clicked on. (It moves me up the news feed a couple posts). I am REALLY REALLY disappointed  that i am required to install the messenger app to message my friends on facebook while using my phone. I refuse to use an app that can access my contacts, photos, or phone info without me knowing.
Facebook
To much space and don't want the messenger as a add on
Better
Very help full and easy
It is the social disease.  Here to divide us and diminish our multidimensional, mysterious, human nature. You are not a jpg. You are a conscious, living creature composed of stardust in a virtually lifeless void of space.                                     (Omg, please "like" this comment and be my "friend".)
Facebook
J s k
Approve
After reading the reviews I was afraid to update... but so far so good. Seems to be working great. Thanks!
asking for too much information. but I did learn that if you uninstall and then reinstall it you don't have to install messenger for about a week. so I just keep on uninstalling it when it forces me to use messenger. and then I reinstall it and I have the boost warp phone. and I've had absolutely no memory issues so I'm not sure what everyone else is talking about especially on the galaxy which has massive internal memory storage.
Gud
If anyone is concerned about privacy, the solution is simple: don't use Facebook. Or Facebook messengers for that matter. No one is forced to do anything, there is always choice. Choice to download the updates or find another way to connect with other people...Food for thought
awsome
Very good
Would be nice if we went back to getting the most recent posts firsts im a bit sick of seeing the same posts from 2 or 3 days ago I dont know who decides what the 'top' stories are but they are not top to me when they a re a few days old. Also since last update cant see alot of pics and videos even when I click on them so thats great. Only reason I dont uninstall is because then I cant play my games
It's VerY weLl
Cool.!!!
So much memory
Superb
I like the app, except the "turn off notifications"  option on posts you have commented on doesn't work.... And that's extremely frustrating.  Please make this option work!  I'm begging you.
because we can share infomation ... and i think this aPps is so great ...
Verygood
It
Why? Because everytime i open the fb apps it takes so much time to loading. Always hanging, saying force close. I cant upload or even read properly the changes in fb. Just a moment? But hello, it takes 30 minutes to loading and CRASH!! please fix those problems please!
Keeps crashing. Make it stop.
Fast!
All
Just loved it it forgets us about the desktop
I hate
hate it
All the time
laggi and the message section before you open a message you need to install the messenger it sucks!
This app is shirt. It CONSTANTLY forces shut down!!!! Shirt. But need it for my business.
I hate this! I hate everything! It's doesnt even work. I always have to uninstall and reinstall this freakin app. Then, when I install it again, eventually, it will start not to work again. It's stupid! Plus, its taking up to much space on my phone and I also hate having to install messenger. I'm sorry. Please fix this. :(
Julhash
Good
Good
The updated version won't even open when I try to open it using my LG Lucid.
I've been using FB on mobile a lot more than web. I know that Facebook won't read this, but to those who are, let me inform you about somethings. I remember using FB on mobile & people were complaining about how buggy it was, even when I never experianced it myself. However, every since the past couple of updates, my FB app is super buggy. My screen freezes & when I scroll my feed goes down rapidly even though I moved it gently. Can't open files, etc. This is too much and I've been patient, but I'm done.
Turn off notifications does NOT WORK.  Your app is a POS.  Just like your company.
Facebook has changed all it is is spying on your life through your phone
Yop
This is smartphone not laptop, need more improvement to reduce memory consumption
It's take too many space for this apps ! Please mix this problem :( and why it's can't move to sd card ?? It's take too many internal storage space !!!
Love it.
Excellent!!!
Entertaining
Literally crashed 6 times in the last 10 minutes... get it together!
Facebook download
Its ok easy to use does take up a lot of storage
FOUND MY CRUSH but I think there should be a way to delete an account cuz if u have another account and can't send the code or if u just want a different name, u should be able to delete it then create a new 1
Plz reduce ram consumption for which battery is drainer faster
Plz develop new one with low space for mini phones.
Love it
Too slow . & the fact that facebook has access to all this information Is dumb af . y'all Needa bring the old one back .
excellent
Wouldn't let me download it everytime I get to install it says incomplete update on my  Sony Xperia e1
Bring back. Old Facebook page
Wow
Like it's sister ap of facebook messenger - this constantly crashes every few seconds. No excuse for releasing something so incredibly poor - when you at Facebook have a vast technical know how, and money at your disposal. Recent update - now it crashes every 3 seconds, instead of 1. Way to go facebook - such an 'improvement'
Videos stucks, app crashes
Crashes too much i can never really launch the app im using a kyocera hydro by boost mobile
Keeps you updated with friends and family.
After i upgraded my Android OS to Kitkat version / Android 4.2.2, it keeps on crashing. You recently have an update but it's still the same. Please make the app compatible to Kitkat version.
I just reinstalled this stupid app. It's f.... up my phone. I should have paid attention to all the negative reviews! Am installing never to install again! Gave one star to say this! Maybe someday one of you tech heads will pay attention. Goodbye .
Awesome  and nice wow
everytime i go into Facebook i get "unfortunatley Facebook has stopped".it is really aggrivating wish i could uninstall the upgrade
Cool
Me
good
It kipe fresing on me im mad
very useful
Takes too much space!
Can't download to my Xperia
Give back the old messenger
Sucks
Better should be the moto

Driver
Unknown error 24 applicstion error???? Wtf
Why dont it let me move it the sd card its too big and its taking all my phone storage up!!!
Good, thank s
cute
ok
O fb ta good

Facebook on cell phone. One of the must have app these days.
It's ehh
Notifications stick with chat that i don't want to begin with an now storage is messing up my phone. Frustrated with latest changes. Also prefer stories in feed to be chronological not random repeats
I like Facebook
Dorothy butler
Satisfied
I love it
Its hanging all the time and i cant use my phone
Jelek. Berat ke HH, karena RAM 512
I love facebook its awesome
It won't play videos I have don't the updates it says was needed
Came in real handy when I lost the phone and all my written  contacts . Got another phone and looked up those who also have facebook
Just love it
Why forcing to download a messenger?waste of storage
Very good
Takes up a huge amount Of space on my phone and the required permissions are just insane. And after all That you have to install a whole other app just to get messages. Lame.
Takes up too much memory in phone.  Not worth it.
App is WAY to large! 170 MB is totally unnecessary. Deleted app.. Now just viewing from Internet
I really don't like the messaging thing... the little heads are in the way and to have a facebook app. Then a messaging app. I have no room for any thing else!!! Fix please!
Dump the separate messenger app!!  And, you don't need to read my texts look at my camera and all that other BS the app requests permission to have.  See ya!!
Love it
nice appt
It help us get intouch with relationship n friends who we have not seen over a long period of time.
I really enjoy it
Hi
Awesome
Come on already, you know what we want.
919
Helpful and easy to use
I have no interest in downloading another app when one should suffice...as it is, the one app (FB) keeps hoarding more and more of the memory and data. Even the cache and history cleaners don't help keep it down. I have installed and uninstalled twice weekly just to keep it and I am getting to the point where it is not worth it.
Nepali
Geo news shahzaib tv live
facebook
What's up I like Facebook because I can chat with friends
Best....melalaikan
My home social media
It sucks cuz need messenger which takes more space and u can't even put Facebook on UT sd card
Takes too long to open all the time and continues to freeze
Why can't I just move it to SD card it takes a lot of memory On internal phone memory
I have to download  cleaning problem to go faster And it still moving slow make my phone look like crap
Hindi n maganda ang fb..ang msge hind nba2sa ..tapos ang tagal mg send ng mga msges..nkakaireta..sana efix nnu ang fb kc habang tumatagal ang fb communication..pumapanget dn ang connection ng fb..error!!!
Since the most recent update (last 24 hours), Facebook is nearly impossible to use. It is very laggy (or worse), and freezes my GS5 for long periods of time every time I try to use it. Now takes a very long time to open, to download anything, and forever to close. Fix it!
I wish my news feed would shoe most recent and all my friends updates.  I seem to be missing a lot of updates.  Auto Play Video? Should default this to only on WiFi.  Ate up all my data causing overages.  This really is a data hog... Not cool Facebook not cool.  Oh and bring back messanger to the default app.
Really slow,shows Facebook. Isn't responding :\
Nice
Theres always anError loading newsfeed when i load. Even at this very moment, an error loading newsfeed. And its annoying. Do you have an update to kill his bug?? Be much appreciated.
Since the last update of this which is yesterday, I can not post any comment. I tried to uninstall and intall it again but it crashes everytime i try to post something
Needs everything fixed.
It force closes whenever I try to post something.
Won't let me play videos on my newsfeed after last update
Put me touch family an special people back into my life!
If it becomes necessary to install messenger to use FB.... I will be deleting my profile
hmm better
Great way to stay in touch with friends and family :-) :-)!!!!!
Wont open. Wont load. Half  my post won't update half comments don't show up. Every time i go to post on a friends wall I have to do it three times before it works. Go back to last update. That one was better and at least it worked. And having to install messenger just to talk to friends is stupid when inbox is in app....
Nice
Facebook will no longer download from play store as it keeps on saying, incomparable updates. Please fix back to before. Thanks.
It is So Exposed..unlike Instagram, Instagram is Much better..I don't Want My adress book (Contacts) to be Uploded To facebook, If U make this Option Available I'll ReInstall It And give it 5 SATARS
Good
I love this application cz xo simple to use and apload
Too much memory consumption
I CANT EVEN DOWNLOAD THE APP!
Takes up way too much space on the phone!
Really handy
Best app
By far the best social media network of today!
Great
Just crap. Messenger app sucks. Don't like the "new" graphics. Takes up WAY TOO MUCH memory. And it updates weekly! (Or it seems like it does, anyway.)
Awsome
giving it one star due to the fact I can't send messages from the app. also, eff this whole messenger crap, I'll go back to sending notes by courier pigeon.
It's all well and good to push messenger down my throat, but do you have to keep doing it after I've installed it?
I like it
David Byrne niall Clifford Conor Byrne paudie o Connor joe fahy Gavin Murphy luke stafford lacey sean walch
Entertaining & fun
Awsm app
I now have two account s can't get into eather one at times!
Needs to go back to the way it used to be.... Time line is all screwed up nothing is in order anymore..... I VERY RARELY USE IT ANYMORE BECAUSE OF THIS....
I hv wait 4hour to download it
Erica cothon
Takes up to much space. That Facebook Messenger, you can keep it. I uninstalled it. You to NOSEY Stop it already. I see you doing it. I kept wondering why all of a sudden I would see advertisements of stuff I would look up. That's really DIRTY, All in my business. I'm beginning to Dislike FACEBOOK.
Great app
Since you update this like once a week I can't tag certain friends in installing and hopefully you will fix this problem
facebook can suck a big fat dick 
Stark

Always works but there are little quirks with each update.
Keeps freezing and stuff. Been getting worse and worse for months now...
Please fix this thing..  Is it that big to take up so much space?
Great application!
Aplikasi yang sangat membantu dalam berkomunikasi dgn keluarga.teman dll.
more than perfect
It takes up so much space. Cant believe it ! But... i dont have a LT so im stuck with this on my mobile phone
I have a Sumsung .  I am use only facebook. Becouse this is best app in world
I don't know what you are doing but my Facebook app refuses to load connected to me WiFi... It works OK when in not connected to it but I'd rather be connected to it when I'm home.  I will not use the app until it's fixed.
I love fb, I've got friends all over and through Facebook I'm able to stay in touch and up to date with whatever is going on in there life! Thank you Facebook.
good
FB is no longer on my phone as of today! I will get rid of it on my computer also. You guys should have left well enough alone! SEE YA!!!
Plz I hate messenger why do u tell us to download it, it's not necessary
I will not install messenger.  Your permission sets are ridiculous.  Why do you need so much info... you are not screwing me or feeding me so you do not need that much.  Time to cancel Facebook
WHY do I need a second app using up memory?????
Nice
its very very good app
Awesome
1234
Love it
i cant open my fb..pls do something better for this app. fix it immediately
Great
Yup
This app always crash on my sony xperia go :/ its so slow and always say application not responding ll Can u make something that we can move it to the Sd card please ?
Almost but not perfect
It rocks my mood
Awsome
Too slow.. always stoping.. Grrr!!
The new update facebook will know wut u said and typed
Recently Facebook kept exiting while browsing and always hang. I had never experienced this before. Whatever it is the latest version sucks and hope it be done with soon!
Adorei amei demais e minha vida
A little sluggish...
I like it but yall update to much
бюбюбюбюбю
Best app ever
It's a social media who doesn't love it
I have to keep unistalling then reinstalling to keep up with the updates because this uses more space then what it says, every time there's an update it says not enough storage and I have uninstalled other apps just to keep this one, I'm tired of doing it.
Videos still not working on Sony xperia phones, and after the most recent update the app is draining my battery even when not in use - needs fixing!
Onyeoma I di ebube
Its slower than ever and just getting it load its saying setting up face book
Because you plan disable messages..
Great
Love it
Great app
getting only a black screen when opened on my Galaxy Nexus LTE. Uninstalled until this is fixed.
Some times my phone  freezes, so I have to wait a while.
Good
Wow....
Un
Dil manga mor
Because of Facebook I was able to find my family and friends. And now I'm able to talk to them every once in awhile. Thank you Facebook team... you guys are pretty awesome for creating this website.
544
It awesom du free texting
Awsome
yes
Aceptar
Nice and great
Unable to view messages
The app is getting progressively more intrusive. The list of permissions required to install the app is too long.
It's ok not bad not good improve some
so annoyed all my notifications are on but still no tone notifying me !!
Sucks messenger. .but ilove fb
I love facebook its a great way to keep in contact with friends
Awesome
I love the new UPDATE WORK PERFECTLY FINE !!!
Some posts do not show up on the news feed. Hate the fact cannot use messenger in Facebook any more. I refuse to give ANY application all those permissions!!!!
Juz took lot of space n my phone. I wud suggest dat messenger should b  optional. Fix it get 5 stars
Very nice.
Ilove it
And about as functional as accessing from a PC from what I can tell.. If you use and like Facebook,  you'll probably like the app. I access it on my phone more than from my laptop.
Every time I get on FB it force closes on me.
Way too bugging since the last update. So frustrating. Thanks
Facebook is the best thing ever
Since last update,  I can't see any comments!  Will try uninstalling & reinstalling
Great social network app.
FB App cannot load the news feed without background data on, this problem has only occurred since I installed the FB Messenger.
Errors uploading news feed and games thru here FIX please!!!!
Poor performance optimizations done. Serious battery drainer...
Dont even want to talk about it
Facebook
Sucks now that you cant see your messages with of FB msgr. app.
Nice stop but takes up too much space and I can't send it to my sd card. Please fix so I can rate 5 stars
Xperia z
Very nice
Ok
Get new friends
I have a can't install it  Why !?
Won't let Me download my pics ugh
5бя facebook
Facebook has made an agreement with the police that they will give them access to everyone's pages th3y can read your inbox timeline photos and now have access to everything in your phone too from text mgs to contacts and your camera and GPS location!!!!
It wasnt wat I wanted not soo wow factor
B
Most of the new updates I like. One problem I have notice for awhile now, it sends too easy. It will send what you are typing before you want it to. I wish it wasn't so touchy. I like everything else about facebook.
It's bad enough they get my phone info. Now I have to install a separate app to message friends?
Love
Facebook simple the best <3
Malware of the first order.
Its great that Facebook has an app. But the reason why I rated it a 4 is because it needs so much MB. Only if it didn't require so much space.
Just browsing and noticed updates are in a random order, how crap is that. Come on Facebook, fix it. Don't like seeing 1 update 1hr old then the one underneath 20 mins old and so on.
Facebook friends and family
Ok
Fb favourit
Love Facebook!!!!!!
Fabulous
It cool
Awesome
Facebook is a great app, so far for me it is user friendly and has the ability to share photos, message friends and find people which I think is really useful ...... I recommend this to everyone !!!!!!!!
Takes space but it is good if you want to keep in touch with friends
Loving it
love it
Yea it ok to use and u can find new friend
Amazing
Will not stay running,messenger app is invasion of privacy
Dahir abdi
Easy
I DO NOT want to download Facebook messenger. I've seen bad things it does that can harm your phone . Like is that why i HAVE to download it to message people. Fix that.
Can't play videos that are longer than 30 seconds since the most recent update. It gives me an error every time. Aggravating as all hell... Fix this please.
Its not that bad...
Why does it take up so much space and why do i have to install messenger why
Its to good
>.< I can't even upload pics :/ and I do not like it the way they had make it. If I wanted fb like in my browser i just click on my browser the app lost its beauty
Once you get the app Facebook has access to every thing is your phone
Good
Y u force to install messenger..its totally ..........please fill...and also unable to move to my SD Card. I wanna give 1/4 of Star
They kept asking upgrade and its a BIG MESSY MESS!!! FREZZING AFTER EVERY HIT OR MAKING A COMMENT.
Why do i need to waste extra space with a messanger that does the same thing.
Facebook
The app hasn't worked in weeks. Fix this!
Play games and using favorite aplle
it takes up too much space. and whats access to a lot of information on your phone.
Great version
FB app version 16 has no way to prevent auto-playing videos, most of which are advertising.  These videos will consume your data plan and COST YOU MONEY.
Awesome
because this application need messenger  I don't like this because due to fb messenger cell working slow
:)
Works ok on my Samsung S4 but on my samsung tablet it keeps kicking off. Wish they would stop with so many updates and just release ones that work.
Nice
Andriod update.... wont let me post.... kicks me out over and over
Its a time wasting application. Takes too much space and doesn't really do anything by shares images and list's crap liked by people you know.
Wtf..why I can't install..i juz want update but there's nothing i can do..no feedback or suggestion for us..huhh
Arnt people entitled to choose whether they want additional apps? Hate messenger
After I updated ... now it isnt sharing any post !!! WTF !!!
Swipe and pinch fully supported finally!
Put messager back on the app, it was fine before you messed with it
ABDUL
Works great
Not working fb fk
The app is gradually getting bigger and slower.... The interface and functions are perfect but the size is way too large especially separating messenger from the main app.
Tall.beautiful and lovely
Wonderful apps
Gooo
See topic. Too slow on older phones. Keeps crashing. Sony xperia Ray
I like facebook
Can't load anyone's friends list. Including mine.
5 star
Loved it
The app works fine on my android phone.
Love it
Paint dries quicker than the latest update loads and opens. JUST FIX IT BEFORE YOU ADD ANY MORE FEATURES!
Can't msg unless you download the second app that invades your privacy.
Awesome
Says incompatible update has been for two weeks now any help
Amazing
Would like to look at messages without using the messenger app..
It is very slow
Good...
I agree with everyone, the app has become too big.
Always best
Funny how I cant send messages on the FB app BUT they can bombard me with messages to download their messenger app. Get your stuff together
Too slow...poor updates...
Love it
I love Facebook. It keeps me in contact with my family.
Hi der
Thank you for fixing it :-)
It keeps freezing up. Won't do anything but completely start your news feed over. Kind of annoying. Does it at least 4 to 5 times a day. Fix it!!!
Hey
He is lagging my phone and it force me to install messenger to chat
Jaan
Going back to pursue my degree .
Can't complain. It takes up space but hey that's facebook can't help but facebook is it big going to take up space overall the navigation on facebook update is way better than what it is to be happy with it
Good
Using fae book good way
Thank you for fixing bugs
Very good and easy to use:-)
Ccannot live without it
It seemed to be hang my phn all the tym by ths disgusting app ..plz fix it
Love it
Hate it
Its great..
Gallo
Facebook has become stupid! No privacy at all!!!
truck driver long distancia. l me stay ate msholozi villaje whitiriver
Bht slow hai.. Plz do sumthng.. Majburi hai ni to apps use ni krta main.. ;( Inernal memory full ho jaata hai.. 12mb ka hai 40mb tak ho jata h
Pomalo sporo
Worst app , always crashes for my xperia S , need a update
I use it to very much
Wap
I Like this
Can't select numerous photos for one post. Everything was fine before the update
Videos doesn't play
I'm really sick of fb updates and messenger. I have deleted 99% off my phone just to have this crap! It's about time you started listening to your users. Leave sh*t alone
Dhaka Bangladeshi
its used a lot of my data but frankly speaking , it is fantastic and also can't download image on facebook
Your Facebook is Always update by you But it's not unique then Older versions. I hate your versions.
By the time I am done running my niece and nephew around halfway to oblivion .. everyone has glllnow just as I get toward
Ari
Awesome goood...but space problem xo could u mske it movable to sd card rather than being fully in internal storage...
Takes way too much memory, I hate that it syncs pics without my permission and why do we have to use messenger app now. Even fb is not a free cou try anymore!!
If the messenger has moved on to a new app, why not simply remove that option from this app?
Awesome Update
Best app ever
I am satisfied with the app & waiting for more updates to get more satisfaction.
Keeps on getting better with every update
VICI PRESIDENT U P VOLLEY BALL ASOCIAN
Ifre
Good but not for gosip
When I want to download it says error it could not be download.
Amazing
Easy to use
Like it
Awesome.....
Social media to keep up with friends
Keep intouch with friends and family
It was excellent
What happened to the original facebook? We could message people and choose what we see when we open the app. This new facebook crap sucks.
It's gone AGAIN!  When I post a status my "near Atlanta, GA" is missing. 
It is crashing every time I hit most recent. Samsung Galaxy nexus <----
I understand how messenger works just fine. I don't want the app regardless.
Can be bether...
works perfectly and it is fast to download
Grouse interaction with friends & family especially the ones I dont see much :-)
I love it
If you can stay on long enough to read your news and video glitches out of this world. The update ruined fb
Won't get more than one star until I can move it to my Sd card as it takes up so much space.
Nice features I like it
Garet app
Nice
It is not moving in my SD card. It is taking more space so I can't install other apps in my cellphone. You will have to update in every ten to fifteen days.
The app for nic texting
Latest update to force messenger is shite
Whatsapp
Lose two stars because of the messager
Tired of the CHANGES!!!!! STOP!!!
Soo slow and you cant read your msg wen its comes its take time b4 its appear on your noticification hated it
Great
You
Please add Facebook browser in it..what u did before.. Please update that again..
It hepls me
more features
Pls makes for flexible and reliable
It take tooo much space nd y u force us to install fb messenger fu******* b* m* l**
This is an excellent App, very good Social networking site!
Ok
I like it
Original reliable
Can freeze up at times...
Just fav
It won't let me see anything just goes in circles
Until you allow messaging back into this app, I'm giving you 1 star. Why should I have to download the a separate app for messages. If people want that, then let them. But don't take the messaging function away from the main Facebook app.               Still doesn't always show the news feed in chronological order from newest to oldest. Also, I shouldn't have to download the messenger app to see my messages. 1 app for all of Facebook.
Good
Nice
Nice aap ever
Loved it
Phone memory very low
Get it chat with all your friends
Cant post any videos, no matter the size.
I need video download option
Do you know what the hell your doing?!.. STOP UPDATE!! NOW YOU JUST UPDATED AGAIN AN I CAN MESSAGE WITH OUT HAVING TO GO THREW THE NET OR THAT STUPID MESSENGER :) Now no more updates PLEASE!!..  LEAVE IT
Very Gud
Social media
It take so much memory and just keeps getting bigger and bigger and I can't put it on the sd card so it keeps filling up my internal memory
Such a great time
This aps is realy a magic to connect our friend
u refuse to listen to your users. Why?
some good
I uninstalled it and now it want let me install it again!!!
Perfectly executed
Nice
I will c whats different abt this app as time goes on......;-)
rhalima rashid
Garet app
Takes forever to log in, and 90% of the time either there is an error or it is so slow that the browser is preferable. Android zte warp
Fast and am enjoyin it
good
Slow lagggggs
Why does FB have to have all these stupid permissions that they absolutely dont need to run the app. As much as I love the networking, I hate what  they are doing. Thinking about closing it completely... FB should really start thinking aboit its users, because if it wasnt for us you wouldnt be Facebook
Fantastic
jana aaoo
yuck
... is too big and now you cannot move to your SD Memory card?
TMukety
Phone bill comes to high
Error
Awesome
It take more space to Ram..so my device wila going to hang ... how i escape from this...??
Since the recent update I can't figure out how to post a picture in the comments. I also hate that I have to go to the mobile website to check my messages. So ridiculous that you practically force this invasion of privacy on people. The Facebook app needs some serious fixing.
<3
loved it
Hellooo,,, my id hareesh chauhan adds me
It would be better if the new comments on a post loaded automatically and not manually, it's boring to go up to update every second
Ok
Its cool
It takes 40% of internal storage !! That's awfullllllllll..
No news feed, frustrating.
Hi
The proplem in space!! Why it takes sooooooooooo much space!!!!!...please fix this proplem and I will rate 5stars
Keeps crashing on my Samsung tab 3 since I updated yesterday
I should just delete delete completely takes up to much space and messes my phone up.
Great
I honestly don't like the messenger situation it just takes up more space and it requires a lot of special permissions
Cant install again after deleting it
MD Rafiqul
For fuck sake the amount of stuff i had to delete just to get this is fucking stupid
I will be uninstalling the Facebook app untill more  updates r made to where we can use our messages without messenger messenger is now giving us viruses it sucks we hate messenger people can video tape you without you knowing record everything you're saying and take pictures through your phone I will be uninstalling this peace of crap of an app until you update it
poor
Sometimes a little slow running but still awesome..
Good
What happened to this up I tried many times to download this app but it's not downloading to my phone I've got a space for the Facebook app but it's not downloading
Excellent!
Suparb
Love my family
People are worried about the messenger taking your privacy look what permissions you give Facebook when you download
Ever since the new update, its either taking forever to load or force closes...every update I end up dropping it down a star, eventually i'm going to give up and just use my browser...
I like
Pretty dreadful that you now need to install another app just to check messages. Also takes up so much space that my phone keeps freezing. Sort it. App will now not work after being reinstalled
Gooood
Had big problems. Ill see if it works Itself out.
Poor
;)
Kamal
Entertaining
Like
Love it
Won't play videos
It doesn't load the new stories and some pages I open ....fix it please...
Love it
My phone won't even download it because it's so big.
I like it
Good good
Never logs in
favourite app in my note II
Nice nd osam
This is good for Android ....
Nice ....
Hal@
Best app
I have android 4.4.4 version. This app is not working properly. So please suggest appropriate version.
I love the fb app, however I hate the messenger. ..
Buna
Don't want it taking my space and I think that's what cause my last phone to crash had to get a new one because it crashed right after I installed the app
Freezes up and boots me out. I also hate the way it keeps kicking me out of my private messages. I think it's just to try and make me download Messenger and I'm not going to do it....UPDATE...DEAR FACEBOOK, IF I WANT TO TALK TO EVERYONE THAT MESSAGES ME ON FACEBOOK IN REALTIME, THEN I WOULD TEXT THEM! I DON'T LIKE BEING FORCED TO DOWNLOAD AN APP SO I CAN SEE MY MESSAGES. THUMBS DOWN FACEBOOK!
Great app!
KrishnamurthiGadipalli
Suppak
Very wonderful to update and use of this article
Everutime I read post way down the list it refreshes and goes right back up, then I have to scroll back down and reload all the post before getting the one I was currently reading. I'm actually so sick of this that I stopped going back down. Please fix.
I can't reinstall the app, it's constantly saying unknown error
Nive
Its awesome
Cool
Gold type
It slow or freeze up and kicks me out.
Retards, what kind of app is this, version 15 was really nice, everything going smooth and all, and thus i see version 16 come up. I thought to myslef, it might smoothen it.more! But u retards made it slower, and a space devourer! Fix it soon
Its very good now I like it
Photo resolution is terrible on my Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4. It seems to download a low resolution image for the app, yet if I load the same photo on the desktop site it's perfectly hi-res. Please optimise the app for powerful tablets!!!
Anytime there is an update for this stupid app, it slows down your phone and causes it to freeze 24 times a day...everyday!
Really don't think anyone at Facebook cares but this app has become terrible...  I don't know how "most recent"  could mean anything but...  MOST RECENT...  TIRED OF LOOKING AT POSTS FROM TWO DAYS AGO IN MY "MOST RECENT"  FEED...  READY TO DELETE
Brilliant every thing I need from Facebook thanks!
Good way to communicate
So love it
Good app.
Very very bad
Very good app! Does what you expect it to do.
Good
Quite a slow thing since I have installed
Just love this app
Very good
It's too good.
It takes lots of memory in internal but does not gives facility as good as want..
Bravo for a lot of communication works done for the whole wide world
Nice apps i like it
The app is slow, tends to jump to new stories when I'm reading, And lacks messenger. I'm not interested in having a separate app for each portion of Facebook....it was better when it was simple. And it's size is rediculous.
No comment
Awesome
As soon as I open the app it force closes saying not responding & takes up a lot of space .
Very easy usefulness
Nothing compared by it
it's sh** !
It sucked so bad dudes or dude sttes UNINSTALL IT TAKES ALL SPACE
Cool
60614715
Good app.. But the default system app that came pre-installed occupied around 15MB but after the update its taking around 99MB..either reduce the memory occupied or give an option to move to internal storage..C'mon guys..this is a mobile device here..
Gooood
Great most best
You guys are starting to be a disappointment. The app freezes, won't stay current, won't update right. Very poorly created.
No privacy
Super
1 numbr hai facebook
My news feed keeps crashing every time i open it ever since I've updated the app to the latest version! Pls do something abt this!
I don't like that I have to download the messenger app  to view my mesaages.

osm
Jacobus
When this is app is running...suddenly it close ...what a stupid app
Good
I can't play videos in new version
Why cant i move it to sd card??? Havnt internal storage for ds app :-(
i use the app more than the website now
Still Absolute Rubbish! Most of us have to or need to use this app but its functionality, reliability and customer support can only be described as 'Poor'. [It now uses 147MB of memory.] How much more space do you want?
invade privacy. R.I.P Facebook.
Dn't judge me.
Good application
:p
Did u need the entire space
It's disgusting how they are making us download Facebook messager just to send a message? And Facebook messager can read your text messages taking recordings and photos of the location you are... Just so Facebook can get some money...
Excillent
Real life story
Very much Useful..!!
Facebook is a great way to communicate with friends and family
Closes after sometime
Like
My phone works better with it!!!!! Thank You Facebook
My observation
I love it and I can't live without fb
Its a so much time taking to upload photo.
It starts up, it updates...  and. Then it freezes.  Fix this!  And they don't care
Good
Awesome app my frndz this app easy to use my and calling is wonderfull and problem is solved with calling
itz good
Nice app
Rebar
Shieda
Ho
I iz randi
Good
Unable to play YouTube videos in new fb browser
Better
Having problem bonus points when playing wizard of oz landed on red slippers x two all point on wheel should have been given and doubled plus next spins total only third spins points were given that's a lot of points missed.
I can't even install this app on my tab. When I try to install it, it shows 'can't install there is an error'.
Keeps trying to force me to use there messenger app
nice aap enjoy it every one
Great app
Why it is nt allowing to chat frm this application itself. Add feature which will enable chat frm fb application.
Fine
Messenger shouldn't be forced on people
Its the best u could really do the same things as instagram but way more better
D
I love fb
It's okay,you can improve. Just add where this is faster.
(:
New to this site so far ok
Hi ilyk u2 b marealy friend
Useful tool
oh crap , this update takes a lot of memory , and now i canбпt install it anymore .. fix please :)
Home
Mind it
Best app
Wanting a lot of permission to your details that I dislike due to data protection act 1974 that Facebook has gone against
Good

Cool
Oh I never see a sweet chat like keep updating
Bulbul
Updated it and now won't let me log in anymore.
Vincent Agblevor
Its a helpfull app to connect peoples but it want more memory for install even 30mb is less for install please fix the memory rate
I takes up to much space. And you can't see the new news feeds.
Ariana
It's ok not all that anymore
Loved the update.
Nice
Numeyr Nagash
Reem amka
Fb app takes up a lot of ram and thus limit the multitasking capabilities of my phone. And it keeps running in background all the time even though I kill the process manually.
sometimes laggy but does the job
Madan
Good to use
It takes up way to much space and it doesent let u move it to an sd card
Manoj
this app crashes every time we scroll down the news feed, and now we are forced to download a messenger app to make this one work which is just ridiculous, seems like Facebook is taking the steps just like Myspace was, too much updates ,too many new features, look if some things are working keep it that way, just fix bugs , dont add too many new features , too many new looks , keep it nice and simple, why do you think in and out burgers are still in business ?? go back to when it was at its peak!
I would like to set the order of the posts (newer posts first). that way I don't see the same post every single time I open the app.
Wasn't impressed at first. But as time went on its gotten better, and better... Like anything it's a work in progress. Hey, naysayers! I dare you to find something better!       :) The post above was made over a year ago.  05/17/14.  OK, OK...so it sucks! But try and find something better. And if you do- PLEASE let me know. Well, now l feel like I put my foot in my mouth when I read my first review. WHAT the f___ k  is wrong with this app? EVERYTHING!!! Sad. It had the potential to be great. UNINSTALLING.
messenger is also not open and nw i  amn't upload my photos
I would not give that one star also for this...
Torrent
Nice.work partner
Totally Crab my Facebook + Messenger taking 187 MB space plz do something for it Every half an reminds my Internal storage is low plz Sort out this problem!!!!!
Nice
Tlotlisang
Pump
Don't like being forced to download more apps. Dont have excess money to buy memory to use the apps. Keep It Simple!
Rakhi
It consumes more data.  Fix this..
No sirve
Terrible update removes messages
For photo.s
Asks for too much info takes up over a third of my drive. If I wasn't addicted to this and the mobile online version so limited it would be off the phone
This app is wack. Unistalling.
Boh
Posting for someone's birthday via the events shortcut doesn't seem to work.
Messenger is the worst thing about fb now. Other then that its cool.

Love it
Itz gud to chat.... itz fst to browse
Messenger
Really love it
Enjoy every moment...
I dont like it ait all my phone stop working Evert tome i try tout use it
Best perform this app.
Awasom
De mi se blocheaza si apoi imi da optiunea fortare inchidere sau raport. Iar cand dau raport mi se blocheaza marcketu'!! !!
Title says it all.
I love Facebook  .... :)
Good
Can't post anything from the app today
Fire and Hazardous
Like
So nice app.
Excellent
Fb
Don't like the way your spying on people
Like it
Bakwaass
Not to thrilled about social media.. that being said, it's a great tool for bands and the pursuit of your local underground.
Like this
Because rejected me
Very nice
I cant sign in to my phone
Goud
Facebook continue to change my phone settings
Good
Awsome
I want to know what spy permissions are being added. No I can't because option to turn off auto update is gone.
jom on9..
Best
Hello to
superb 4 browsing
The last version was one of the best, yet. Now, it takes up too much space. Always force closes. It's just awful. Uninstalled.
Can't comment , can't open, and then when I even get it to open it crashes when I comment. Good job "suckerberg"
Too much space
Just like
sup
Connected one place to another . I love this Apps
Like it
Are you guys mad or what?????? It occupied alot of space... took so long to download.. fix it
Such a interesting thing so cool
"Pyar" Ek Aisa Word Hai'' . . . Agar Ladka Samajh Jaye To Ladki NahiSamajhti, . . Aur., Agar Ladki Samjhe To Ladka Nahi Samajhta, . . . Aur Agar Dono Samajh Jaye To Ye Duniya Wale Nahi Samajhte... ?
Bad working
Thanks
It's good
So sick of giving bad reviews. Now there is error messages everyday. On top of you rewinding my feed automatically! This app sucks
good
Y its compulsory to dwnld fb messenger
Soooooooo sweeEt
Great app
Nnnnn
Cool
Very relaxing
i can't update my status  what's the problm plzzz resolve it as soon as  other wise i don't recomend this app

Awesome
Cool
Its taking over size memory plz
I hate it so much
Rohana
Sitting in a place n gettin to no wat is happening around de world
Shinwari
Jone
Interiar
New ui is so irritating. ..
pucchi chata
Each time I open the fb app the screen is completely white and absolutely nothing loads. Eventually I get notified the app isn't responding and my phone force closes the app. Between this and having to download the messenger app it is a complete waste.
sayali
Good
Facebook
Good
Great app
The more updates that come the worse it gets.freezes up videos won't play. All in all getting bad
Thanks
I love it
Good app
Gvgdhhdvmmfjx
Fb helping every time for all
Very good and very useful app
Why do we force to download  extra messenger aap for this ??   Please kindy fix it . Or else not even 1 star .
Like it to catch up with friends. But last update screwed up recent feeds. And it crashes. Hopefully they fix it soon. LG G2
I just love this app !!

this app very good
Nice
My face my book
Why facebook is too slow on my mobile?
Takes lot of memory  slows my phone and i can't  able to massage in this app and i don't  want to install a messenger  in my phone this should fixed soon. Thanks
My location tagging on statuses and pictures all of a sudden won't work and I need it for people to know what city I'm in while traveling. Why is this?
Awesome
Way too much space
To many force closings fix now!
Wonderful
The pictures doesn't load into clear. If i tap on a picture it just shows it but its nt clear.. I've had this problem frm before but I didn't report it, sorry.. Please fix this problem, thank you.
Yaa its good
Excellent app
Anytime I open the app it forces close! Please fix this asap!
I refuse to dowoad messanger app and takes up to much space
Accidently uninstall the app and now not able to install it.. Error reflecting while downloading...
Great
You don't get recent post. When I refresh I want to see what people have just said. Not something from seven hours ago. It constantly doesn't work. An I hate that you have to download the messenger app. Absolutely no privacy with that. Its a horrible horrible thing. Facebook is awful.
D Mayer
Good
Very cool 
Nic
I loved Facebook
So slow
I love facebook
Awesome
Why you force us to download the messenger app? That's not really used! Be a great Facebook app as well as the first time we knows that you have cool app!! Please do something about it..Thank you^-^
Was up
It has gud features
You guys like experimenting with peoples emotion, instead of using those same resources to make a decent running app!
Thanks
I don't like the fact that i have to install messenger in order to private message my friends on Facebook. It's ridiculous and very inconvenient.
Nice
Very nice
The app is too restrictive
Iceman
Ok..
Fb iz the best social network....
Very good
Poor!
Its much better than before now :)
The new messenger app is garbage that's needed to read messages. Bring it back to the original format and make everyone happier. Adding all these new features that hardly anyone uses and taking up more and more memory upon updating is redundant. Many are loosing interest from that. Why fix what's already fine?
It keeps telling me "not responding" most of the time. It annoys me! Fix that issue please...
Nice is FB msngr
Y
rustam ansari

It seems law clarity pics to high defen8tion
Exaltation
Well! It is very time consuming to reinstall the Facebook app if you deleted it.
Always freezes!!! So stupid. I want the older version back. This takes up way to much memory. It's so dumb!!!
Never shows up to date posts. Always lagging
Basheer Ahmed amd
nice and easy
Can you put messenger and this app together. But it still sucks. 
Chhoki h
Its hanging
Yeah
I've always loved facebook until now where I have every time an error code come up when I want to watch a video on facebook
Slow
Facebook
Connecting to people
nice a
Doesn't work
:-)
Rashmia
Ihave a samsung galaxy s from tmobile, and this app is constantly freezing, making my phone lag, forcing me to do constant battery pulls. Now it is at the point where it is stuck and wont even go past the 'just one moment' screen.  it takes up so much memory and u cant move it.  it is a very dumb thing how much the developers get paid and they cant even make the app function. Iam beleiving that they make this app for more advanced smartphones, isugest they maybe make a seperate one for the regular smartphon
Kottayam
Nice
After I updated  my facebook...it seems too much hang..!!
How much to upadate it ?
Slowering my phone
Phone actually works since uninstalling this. Oh and my  phone doesnt need to be continually attached to a charger.
What's up with you guys? Every week it seems we have to update your app. Things are not working as they should. Since updating this last time i can't even get on Facebook. Keeps crashing. Why aren't you listening to us the users of your app. Fix it or i too will uninstall. Thank you.

STILL CANT REINSTALL IT...
trash soon as i updated my fb i couldnt play any videos n the news feed smh....id rather have my old fb with no update
My Best Friend..
Don't like messenger just to chat
Awsm to use
Worst app ever. Not only does it slow down and lock up incessantly, but I also have to download messenger to look at messages. Why do that when you can look at Facebook messages on Facebook app itself?!
I have fb installed on my Samsung tablet. Every time I try to post or check my notifications the app shuts down. It's the only app that shuts down on its own. How can we fix this problem?
The only thing I'm able to do is edit my status on Facebook but not getting any notifications.
stupid messanger
FB
B
I downloaded and install 28Mb, but after few days it raised to 176Mb!! !
This
Hussen Yimam
Nice
Just waste of time . By using it..
Why is facebook using up so much data now it didn't used to I used to be able watch videos check messages without it using up a bunch of data fix this problem please
Goooddddd
this version of Facebook is just amazing and very helpful to enjoy it faster...but keep updating in future plzz
I cant see all the posts and pictures...
Always shows older news feeds after scrolling for a while .
Wtf....... it take too much space nd now u say install messengr for messeging  ...... i mean r u serious about tge app
The app takes lot of time to open. When the app is launched, the black screen appears. After 40 secs the app loads, most of the time it say "facbook is not responding" pls fix it
Whenever I open my Facebook app (the updated version) and click on a friend's page or any page, the page opens and then the app closes. Also, when I'm going through my news feed reading older posts, the app will refresh the feed to the most recent posts in the middle of me reading older posts. It's very annoying!!! Please fix these problems.
The app takes up so much space on your phone, it really isn't even worth having. Im definitely not downloading the messenger app. It would just be a waste of more space. The app, itself, is extremely slow and it freezes and force closes constantly. You guys really screwed up with this whole "new" concept. Go back to the old way please. Uninstalled until then.
Ne iskam toq bokluk
Good
Excellent
Shate Love fr Frnds.....
Zzz
Plz check it and fix... Iбпm on the middle of typing, written on my status and on my page.. suddenly, stopped and closed. Hoping you will fix it soon. Thank you!!!
Hai
Too usefull
Update is much better but to big
Yes
Very slow .somtimes say'bot respinding
my fb is not logging in i don't know why!!
why don't more people complain about how this app eats up your battery so fast. everyone is so contempt to have there beloved facebook that they won't complain how bad this app is on battery power. if no one complain about this they for sure won't take the time or effort to fix this
This app is very useful
This week Facebook gives me a error that I can't open my app because I don't have enough space. I have cleaned out my phone of crap and apps I do not use to make room and it's still won't open..
Lot it
Its a nice app
Ni
Game
Not so happy .... Consumes lots of internal memory
I don't like the fact that it can record my personal conversation. Why does Facebook need that .
Cool app
BEST. .
Facebook
It is realy nice I liked
The new fb opens rarely. I'm about to delete this space taking app. I go through my internet more often than I should have to. Fix it or it's gone!
All these bad reviews. Are you seeing a connection here, guys? Come on, now.
It's great
Gurjar
.
This is gud.
Its not function anymore what happen to this app?
Doing My Head In!!!!
Fifty updating
Fine
it's realy a amazing software
Love it
Wow..... it so use full
eeswarkune123@
suckish
Super app
Good
I'm loving it
I like this very much
Hard to get post put on site now.fb plse fix issues
Still needs improvement
Now it requires too many creepy permissions. Removing now.
Nice
Nice
Good
New
The browser doesn't play videos properly. I csn hear the sound but can't see anything
I use facebook on google chrome. This app takes a lot of space, really. Indeed, I will not downald it.
Super
i like facebook
gak abiz..ditelan jaman
Best  way to stay in touch with friends
Gets worse with every update. Didn't want to use 2 apps for this. Very poor show
Great
I deleted it because it kept crashing.  Now it won't let me re install it!!
Good
Ok
Thanks
Running 2 separate apps to talk to people is a joke. The messenger should have been left in its original place. As far as the updates go, nothing really has been changed as far as I noticed. Its still freezing or locking up.

The app keeps force closing on me every two minutes. I have reported it every time. Its become a hassle. If not fixed soon I will delete the app.
Good

Very disappointed with FB lately. It's always kicking me out by going to my app page on my tablet. And i hate the messanger app. They should have left well enough alone. I was using it for my business but uninstalled due to its very invasive features.  Bring back the old messanger!
To communicate with friends
Worst update ever
Very good
I have downloaded it before in my phone. But I uninstalled it due to space error in my phone.. But now that I want to download it again, I cant! Please fix it
Shafiq
It just comes up like a bomb the second time you open it..I want smooth animation like that of messenger. Everything else is fine and also when you open a post and go back after typing something, it lags. Totally hate it.
Very nice for this application
and annoying messenger
It is good nd easy to use...
Great application
Do you know what the hell your doing?!.. STOP UPDATE!! NOW YOU JUST UPDATED AGAIN AN I CAN MESSAGE WITH OUT HAVING TO GO THREW THE NET OR THAT STUPID MESSAGER :) Now no more updates PLEASE!!..  LEAVE IT
Not open correctly
A lot of bugs
It has got slower... Takes too much time to start this app. Dear Team, This app consumes lot of battery backup. For the same reason,I am thinking to uninstall it. Plz come up with update for lower battery consumption.
But slow...
Thanks
Don't know why. My connection is perfect, all the other social apps like Twitter, and Instagram work fine. But this app just won't get a connection. Sometimes it works, and sometimes it makes me swear. I tried everything, but it's just not consistent enough. Didn't have this issue with the previous version.
It takes up so much of my phone's space, like wtf.
Please let us upload more than 30photos!
It won't let me link to my games anymore please fix that please
nice!!
I love the apps...
Good apps
You will not let have Facebook do to location.
Love it
Love it
Why keep force  close the app. Pls fix it
Its my good way of life.
Likes it
Iam fully satisfied
Facebook not login in
5 star if uh add the feeling button
Face book
Why is this happening every time I try to update this, always out of storage space and I don't think because of the unit that I used!
Keluarga saya
Best
Nice
Incompatible update. How do I fix this?
Kajal Agarwal
Nice
i like this social fb.
The more I update,the sucker it becomes.. Stupid app
Nice
Very laggy slows everything down recently please fix
Why is is always logout every time I restart my phone? It's kind of annoying having to log in multiple times
Best
Nice ...
Facebook's continued manipulation of the news feed and shunning of Most Recent posts is becoming exhausting. Their latest update makes it so you can't even see your notifications any more when you're viewing your (practically hidden) "Most Recent" feed.
Rasheed t p
Good
Superb..!
Love the new look
Lo mejor!!
Its nice but takes to much memory and takes for down loading
Anybody else finding the updated Facebook keeps crashing. ...Please sort this out updated 5.9.14 FCUKING FED UP WITH  IT MAKING THE SCREEN FREEZE UP.... SORT IT OUT PLEASE !!
Don't agree with the  messager app
I love my face book
i liked to give five stars..but when i'm using my ipad not so good update.. i'ts always corrupted every now and then...pls fixed it!
Find all my friends and relatives. Share my feelings. Love it
3 fs
Attauerehman.abssi
Its very interesting nd good app
The app took so space
Good
Won't let me Greenify it even with root. Have to install a SEPERATE messaging app to chat. Complete crap
Good app to socialise
I dont like the emojis, I want them to look like my own that are programmed on my phone.  I hate that you all are forcing us to download messenger. What happened to the location when posting a status?!? It was working before this recent update.  Im uninstalling the last update
Facebook
Super FB
Like ir
Thanks    B London Borough
New update sucks for samsung galaxy tab 3! Keeps closing down by its self and messenger wont work!!!
I only have this because some friends won't switch to G+, everyone should dump this junk and switch to Google Plus already
Don't really like it suks
cant download it..its too big and cant move it on sd card..
I like this!
Superb
This app take so much of space
awesome app
Ever since the recent update my Facebook seems to freeze a lot I don't like this
You should allow people to move the app to the SD card.
Okay everything is good,, but why we have to install messenger... sometimes we need to chat privately
Very good
Nice
We need to download pic also so kindly update it its necessary for some time
Boom
Why must download messenger to chat with friends even when I download the messenger it doesn't work so please fix it and I will rate 5 stars
Very problom no dounlod fb
I like reading my messages from face book not Facebook messenger
Wat a great app
Will you fix the freaking issues with the Samsung galaxy tab 3 10.1 please
Don't update quick enough and freezes a lot
The best app ever
Take more memory please I wanna move it to SD card
Yummy
It will not load on my phone
I hate the new messenger feature.
R
It's Take To Much Space If I Install Facebook or Messenger Then I Can't Use Any Others App So I Have To Uninstall This Worse App
Unmovable
This takes ages to download which is really annoying

Nice
Very good
Good one .
Won't load news feed. Can't view messages. Not sure why I even try with Facebook anymore.
I liket
Will not let me update on my phone
facebook
Interesting....
Since I updated my FB now I'm not able to access my  fb friends on CC hadn't had that problem until I did the update , so hate it this. Won't do another update it always screw up something.
I like it because it's so easy to use
Awsm
Good
The latest version
Good but not so good
Since the last update, the app continuously freezes, forces close or kicks me right out.  Will be uninstalling this crappy waste of space immediately.
Takes up too much internal storage and can't be moved to SD card. Disappointing.
Fall in love
Why in thee blue hell can't I just look at recent posts? I'm getting posts from 4 days ago?  HTC one8.
Now Watsapp is hero
Thanks FB
Can't connect to candy crush
Its better
Nice and easy to use....
Good perfomance and app
Even if I turn off notifications for a particular post they are still coming please fix it ... I would rate it 5 stars... I'm using moto G
Nani
Sexy
Not bad
It fun to surf it
Nelo mago
Murugan
Dies during video.  Message force you to install messenger.. Annoying super annoying in every way.. Deleted it...
Love Facebook
Facebook
It costs a lot of memory
gud
Rindunya
Dao nay chan
It took too long time to sroll down and it freeze and crashed everytime.

This app is so brilliant
Why do we force to download  extra messenger aap for this ??   Please kindy fix this . Or else not even 1 star .
super
Space .privacy. not happy
Great Ways to Contact Near and Dears
Can't view videos since the last update which is why i deleted the app a few weeks ago but Facebook on my browser won't let me comment on anything so i downloaded this app again... Please fix it NOW!
Its not responding
I enjoy this is new fb
I love it
Facbook
Karpenter
Its taking whol the memory of my phone .. n taking big space .. Fix it u Duffers ...
It forces you to download messenger
FANTASTIC FUNCTIONING
Rahoman
R
I enjoy being on Facebook .my family on it to, I can  text them.I meet new friends on Facebook .
People are hacking messenger accounts like twitter. Get rid of it and make it right before you bring it back.
N
Sucks have to install messenger to chat and only to get rid of notification is to install it or check them on pc.
Nice
why my facebook keep shut down itself?
I use it when I get tired.
T
Good
what happened? i cannot open it
Good way. Chat with family & friends
Its ok
Every time I try to look at a video it says an error has occurred
Awesome app. Just love it
:3 well not bad
Man this app is crap. When it works it is buggy as hell. How do you expect people to use it? I uninstalling it right now.
Good efectssss other chatingggg
Sana ma download :)
Excellent
Is there a way to keep it from constantly scrolling to the top of the screen while your trying to catch up on posts?  It seems to do it more so after opening pictures, videos or going back from viewing another profile or Facebook page.
This app is more easy to use fb
This app sucks. It takes a lot of space in my device. I hope you guys fix this and yeah... please allow us to move it to our sd card. Probably we'll give a better rate.
The permissions are ridiculous and are scary. Why on earth would you need permission to access to my camera, recorder and to review abd delete whats on my memory card? That government contract you have must be mighty big
This is very good app for meet to friends and femely so i love face book team thanking you aal of f.b.lonching team
News Feeds will not stay on most recent! Why can't we change the update view from top store to most recent & keep it that way with out switching over every time! I don't need to see what happened 3 or 4 days ago!
ok
S3

Facebook lover!
Adhurs
Leng sokkhai smile
Awsome
Mmg best laa !
Terima Kasih Banyak
Sagt baik
Kalla app
As of 9/5/14, the app will freeze while I am reading the first post I see, and will not unfreeze until I hit the HOME button and start over. EVERY TIME! I am unable to read all the posts from friends.
Keeps staying on screen still. Extra messenger app download required. F 
Awesome
Soooo Goooooooooooooooooood
Nice app
Need some more facilities
Yes I like viss
Why are we forced to download the messenger??
Awesome
Loved it
Gr8
Nice way to get update withoit ny miss
new version :-)
Its huge!!! And it can't be moved to my SD card why not? Please allow for it be moved are make it smaller.
red hanis
Is horrible Everything time I look at my news feed and a video comes up the phone freezes and it doesn't let me scroll down lg optimus F6
Awsum
Awesome
Sony xperia facebook very good loved it fatoo
when i dwnload say inuficient Space etch... Please Fix This>_<
Superb app
I can't make it five stars it just isn't that good
I dont like this apppp
Good..
It's gay
Www
Mddmi lwfj.mam
Jst doin it nje, jst 4 fun bt it it's nt well deserving.... am owt of Facebook
Shankar Sharma
This facebook is suck!! Plss fix this version
Keeps on crashing with the new update
Hello
Well done
I can't even download it due to insufficient space
Its a nyc app
You'll get 5 stars when I can message people without having to install the messenger app. It is super annoying and giving us no choice but to download it.
I can't update
I want get started
Nice
Takes too much space and ram , it should be able to move to sd , please work on that
Facebook
Shajinisaji
I will be fine with my friend any time
I gave it 5 star but the new update is crashing too much in my Samsung Galaxy Grand 2
Good
Awesom
Need improvements!
Keeps me up to date
Really cool its like instagram but you can do other things. But needs a little bit of work.
I love it
Nice
I love it

Its back to normal.. ^ж╪^
Bkt gnun tong fb app ng force close? Graabe amn
so simply super
Very good app to share ur feelings with others
Am I like it
I love facebook!  Now with that being said!  I loved it before the last updated... Everytime I open it to read news feed, check my messages where people have responded to a link or something I have shared the stupid thing just goes out of facebook altogether... I hate it now!!!  Please fix this or I will just delete it!!!
Very nice
Valoi
Wtf!? This app is SUCH A MEMORY EATER. Plus, it's not even close to the word "fast". I used to love this app but it seems to be worse in every update. Why dont you make another update where the memory isnt that bothered unlike this one? If you do that I'll give you 5 stars. That's my only prob,btw
Good
Having terrible time with this & can't believe it. It's fb for goodness sake. Notifications keep opening to same entry,  just too much to text.  Unstalling &installing again. Fingers crossed
Sometimes good sometimes not always report please fix
updated version needs more memory space ;(
Love it
There is some issues with notifications
Jaskaran singh
Good app!
A place where I can be comfortable being bisexual with no judgement around
I am glad to meet all the people !
So bat
I guess it's already
We should be able to inbox without using messenger. Also, it shouldn't take up all the space on my phone but it does.
Love it
Very slow, its hangs in fact you guys used just forget updating it because its a waste of time
Too much space
Awesome app for faltu log
I Mean WTF WITH update lot of bugs about memory.....
Application is very intersting..
Bad trip in this app very very slow app
While using this apps my handset turn switch off after  hang.
Love this app on the Samsung Galaxy S5
Garbage Garbage Garbage Garbage.... ugh this mess is ANNOYING AS HELL AND NOW FREEZING  LIKE REALLY and to top it off you cant take pictures for inboxing #ugh im SO DONE WITH THIS
Wether Not Full Compatible.. Love It..
wow
Amazing
My facebook. 5
Don't like new messenger.
please fixed my fb very slow And slow always trouble loading new feed please fixed thanks
I like this
Lucy's New Toy

All girls hello form CH nazim& Naveed ahmed
I have to delete the app and re-install it to avoid messenger. And I also heard that they will be able to look at all info thru messenger
Christine Santiago
Done
Videos now freeze, not as user friendly.
Good
I AM A DESCRIPTION OF THE STAR.ONE LOVE
Awesome show off
Nocomment
Cfhhv
Facebook. .I luv it
Loved it
Good
Privicy settings means they can look at ur sms and call lists
Game
Have not updated this app on Galaxy 8.9 tab in awhile, due to high % of negative reviews. My year-old version (5.0.0.26.31) "works." However it still occasionally goes to black screen, videos won't play at all, it's missing several useful desktop features, you can't post a photo in a comment, you can't administer pages unless you install their other app, and now you can't read/write messages unless you install yet ANOTHER (totally unstable) app.  If you haven't updated lately, DO NOT! Wait 'till a majority of reviews are more favorable, & useful features are added/restored. Or use the web version.
I will not be using fb msgs anymore. I HATE that you took it out of the main app. I have no room for another app. I don't like that you are forcing people to have another app. Make my app stop notifying me of msgs and allow me to disable messages please. If you go into events, scroll down to birthdays and try to write on someone's wall from there, it doesn't work.
Super like...
Thanks for the last update, guys. Now the app won't open. Awesome fix! >:( I uninstalled.
Can't move to my SD card. Plz I request u fixed it.
Excellent app
Hey..why stop free call
Awsome
Good
I love it
Xxxxxxxx
To much space in internal memory
Why does Facebook need permission to use my phone and text and even more why without my knowledge?  Why do they need permission to read my texts?  Who at Facebook is interested.  Well they lost me.  It wont be on my phone ever again.
Perfomence
Lalala.. 
    Epic app
Nice
After updating it, my news feed had some trouble on updates. Seems to update every 6 hours yet my settings is on every 30 mins to update! Piece of crap!!!
Siperr
Loved it
Good
Like
Very good
Wastage of time
This is a nice app . This app helps friends to reunite
Genral app
Okay
Good
FB
very nice
Good app..
Best
Im so happy every day
Rachel mametja
Gret app
Can't login forgot password
One problem with the update is that when I am scrolling through, all of a sudden it goes back to the top of the newsfeed, and I have to search again to where I left off reading. This new update is confusing, plus it's too much trouble to find 'Most Recent.'Most people want "Most Recent" as the default setting! As of 9/5/14, the app will freeze while I am reading and scrolling, and will not unfreeze until I hit the HOME button and start over. EVERY TIME!
Hated it
Bubbling fun
Let's me do what I need to do
Arvihd visodiya .
Too much space is used the messenger is a bad idea and it keeps cutting back to my home page get it sorted out
Too many updates...Ugh!!!
Ever since the upgrdade it won't let me watch video links on my wall, I get the sound but only a grey screen to look at. Not cool please fix!!!!
Good
Sucks after each update..
this app sucks.I cannot save the pics in the chat area to my phn. plz reduce it!
the best
Its fun
Wonderful
Simple
Better before. Don't fix what ain't broke!
Not. Every one. Has. The. Memory. Needed..
Fb rox
I like facbook because I don't really get to see all my family so it's a good chance to see them.
Gjb
Love this app.
Always freezes and force closes. Now it locks phone up and device has to be restarted. Same issues with new update.
Unable to save pictures sent via chat in Xperia M.
Good
Becar
Its good
great! more fast and cool than before
Nice
Lay bhariiiii
tsamalashvili
When I liked a post, the likes does not update. Same goes to the comments on a post. Even after clearing the cache and logged out, problem still persist. Sometimes, couldn't post a status. Consumes lots of battery power.
GooD  Aap
perfect
The first one is not the same. We will have the same. I am looking forward, copy and I will not receive the item is delivered by our standard.
I hope that by the next update their will an option or setting for font size. Thanks
Eess comment pud pj ug hyg . .hehehe . .
Full of flaws.. Takes too much time to login for 3g connection also. I have to purposefully signoff after use or it uses processor
Do you people at FB read any of the comments and look at the ratings people are giving this app. If you don't you need to! TRY to help the users out before you start losing them. Thank you
I want Facebook have a new design
Wow
I hate that I have to install messenger to see my messages. This gives me a hard time! My app force closes most of the time.. why do you have to keep on changing it. Liked the older version which is much simpler.
facebook
awesome app ever :D
Install messenger, why? I need text msg only. That's a bad idea
Kevalama iruku.endha poramboku kandupudichadu
Nice app
super
Mind blowing
Best apps
Thanks to Facebook find old friends
2 much fun
Great
ukuba bendikwaz ukuxutha imali yam nge
Fantastic
facebook
always force closed itself while loading after app is updated. please fix it.
D
I love it
Ajit partap
It crashes every time I open it
:)
Not bbbaddd
I don't want,  nor should I have to install a separate app to view my messages and chat. I will not do this, please redo this and return it to the way it was ..... it was more convenient for all users.
Babu
Deer head on top
Thank you this facebook...I like it
After latest update keep getting notifications to log in again! Each update makes the app worse,  it's pathetic! Beware, latest update has forced phone into safe mode!
5 star
Very good but very very slow
Lovli
Every time I open the app it keeps telling me that I need manage my apps and delete memory.  I'm deleting the app. And I don't like how you have to have a separate app the chat and to have phone watched and tracked on everything you do talk to pictures text messages and the list goes on
I like face book
Pleasant
FB has always been top notch.  If you have problems with storage you should update your phone.  Great interface. Ease of access!!! Not happy with the messenger app addition but I rarely use because I have a million other ways to contact friends. Because I actually know the people I am friends with! #getalifeFBFriendFiens!!
Why this new update always crashes???
Horrible!! All we want is the ability to easily have our newsfeed set to most recent by default. Been asking about this for years!!!! Oh and having to install messenger is even more BS...
Please remove the reminders,because i always logging out my facebook account when the reminders is not removevable.. Thank ya.
It's cool
Give back the chat room!!!!!!!!!!! >:(
Using for years

Excellent
Awesome
Useless version
best
Its too heavy.i can't want to download messenger..
Just gets worse and worse. Constantly closes for no reason. Don't even get the unfortunately facebook has stopped working message, it just closes. Can't post anything, can barely even scroll through the news feed without it just randomly closing. Complete crap.
Ok
Facebook you are terrible. After every update it just gets worse! Can no longer watch friends videos on the home screen, it just directs you to a blank screen. Also where has the local events area gone? Oh yeah you've deleted it. I have no idea why I'm either bothering to review you never listen.
I like to use it.it's cool
Why is it always happening when I'm installing this app.. almost of my app in my phone I uninstall because of this app!! solve for this problem.!
Good apps..
Njce
Today's update and the before are poor. Can't do much in the app before it closes. Junk.
takes up too much space and is very slow, it also keeps crashing
Good
The updated Facebook app does nothing but has increased the headache and amount of memory it consumes and the unecessary data it eats up. Dear Facebook team, implementations are only good when they are useful, not just New.
786
Bugs. All it says is network error. Nothing loads
It is nyc
yaa gudddd
Crashes Badly when using Shared logins. We run 2 businesses on 1 login. When accessing notifications etc- app crashes. Dissapointing. Have to use FB on a web browser. Plz Fix.
Working well on moto e.....kudos to the creators..
Tired of nothing loading. Fix it
Its very good ..
So much love it
Nice
Super enter
Bad
Too many security scares & privacy invasions. Uninstalled
Good
Good
The best app
This app very good but ads very much in app
Takes up too much memory and keeps shutting down when I try to post something. 
Please fix that it will cause u trouble only not any entertainment because firstly it is installing very fast then  SUCKS!!!! hanging. I deleted then again installed and it took my phone`s 400 mb i cant believe it. My phone filled with lot of viruses . What a rubbish app. I request you all downloaders not to download this app please . You will cry over spilt milk. Please please please dont install it .
Music
nice
It contents more space
Have to delete app and reinstall just to bypass downloading the messenger app and STILL be able to send and read private messages!!
It does not work
Good
Good
unreal how intrusive the software is. why is it that Facebook needs access to every corner of your phone's hardware ???
Aooiiii
can not reload the avatar picture of any friends in chat option.  even they change the pic from longtime even update fb app also cannot do that.  finally uninstall and then reinstall.  take time of me. u r big but i think that is the very small problem why can not fix.  anyway. thanks for this app. no. i mean thanks for facebook. not this fb app.
Thank you for your efforts, but seriously guys this app is getting worse every day it is giving me a very hard tome just to type up a comment or so when I tab on the comment bar to type up any thing it keeps hanging


Mercy lema
Kkkk
Excellent app
Cool upgrade
Took out messenger
Loved it
I will not download the messenger. That's what makes this app suck. Blow me!
The app takes up too much space and always crashes
Not supportted after the last update kindly. Update it soon
Friends are with me
Jaskaran singh
To many bugs and faults
Its good
I will give this app a 5 star if and only if i can download videos on facebook. Pls. Do my favor. But all in all i love  this app.
k dat
Some photos sync on my phone so many albums n it used many memory usage even I don't want to sync some photos on my phone it popped up on the gallery then I can't delete it so please fix it.
9/5/14 I don't know what it is about Facebook and their updates, but every single solitary time there's an update, it CONSTANTLY force closes or freezes my Samsung Note 2 to the point that my phone is rendered useless until I pop the battery out then back in.
GOOD
Excellent
Love it wish it was a little quicker
worst update ever. can't see any photo
Could be better
Good
The app sucks .. It keeps crashing takes ages to open up .. Takes up to much space!!
It takes forever to load anything.  I'm have to wait at least 5 minutes just to open the app. Sometimes the pictures people post doesn't show at all. I always go through Google, much faster.
Download
Not working fast as they told
Different friends
so cool
Joanamarienas
Lovely
Wold best app
Loved it
Great
This facebook was family or friends or girlfriend boyfriend chat soo happy
My facebook app was accidentally uninstalled by my younger brother.i said to him:that's ok i can reinstall it.BUT when i'm installing it,it took my time to download it.untill now it's not finish to download since this 2:56 in the afternoon,it's now 8:26 PM!!!and now when it's in 48%,ERROR!!! i always try again and try again...pls fix
Videos wont play anymore
Indian takeaway delivery
Good
I love facebook
Good
Friendly interface
all is trash
Idu yenakku viruppamillai udanudayadu adanal idukku matru vali irunda sollugka pls
Have some bugs
100%

Dislike the new messenger thing SMH
After  updated my app there is no space left on my Galaxy. This update sucks cause of bad UI  doesn't makes sense to me. They did it with their website too.
H
Some times not responding well
Fast
The new ver is not very good
Loved it
An average app with mediocre features and functionality. Usefull for keeping upto date with facebook only but definately better than anything else around.
It take large space on the phone. And continue increasing the size of facebook app. Bad app :/
Asgharali malik
super to use
<3
Plz less space needed apps.
The most bad
Attt
Nice
Y
Can not log-in to my facebook
Lol
No other messege&no resent posts in new feed and mention for friends and others !!!! Plz fix that things plzzzzzzz
Husain
It always needed space to be installed ..!!uhhh i hate it .. super
S gg be
Awesome
Nice, Awesome.
I hate messenger app but force to download? It made us no choice. What a load of horse sh!t!
nice..
awesome
Kenapa bila sy buka app fb slalu tak boleh login..pleaseee fix this problem..
EU achei otimo
Well  Not work on my zte.
Love it,Because you can get friends in this app and more about that
Crap
I cant install massenger sepratly this app is not having feature of fb chat...
I use Facebook throughout the day. After the last Fb update it hung up and responded slowly. After the Facebook manager update a few minutes ago. The regular face book just closes after about 6 seconds. I closed all applications and restarted my device. Same issue! SAMSUNG S5
Its not good
Sam Kumar
Since doing the update I have an issue with Facebook where at least five times a day facebook won't open and freezes with a flickering screen and I can't do anything other than restart my phone. Also there are lots of features on full facebook that aren't available on fb for andriod. Search in group. Editing photo albums leaving a group message to name a few.
Samsung Galaxy S5
its not dat bad nor dat good .... i should say 50/50
Not compatible to xperia e1 update.? Please update
This app is verry help full and cute
Suck ! How to change the news feed to latest news ? I dont give a **** to the past 2 days news .
Nice
I cant log in... In my cp
It kips on closing when I open messenger!
Just about ready to uninstall. Tired of the bullshit. No privacy what so ever and always updating using more and more space.
Exelent application
Essential.
:p
Locks up all the time
Stupid!
Its very good
Why can't I keep it on most recent and every time I back out of a post after reading it the page resets to the top. This app TOTALLY BLOWS!!!!
Wow I like this
not bad
Zakaas
Waiting for different features
Facebook
Rethnauka
1. Freezes always         2. I want the latest stories         3. The size gets bigger and bigger.       Hope you'll solve this. Just please
It is really nice
But it bore"s to use
1* for auto playing video!
It takes lots of space
Sooooo nice
This version is too large . Most of the time it takes a lot of time to open it. Try to make it too fast.
Notification keeps saying my session has expired and I'm logged out but I'm not logged out. Are you retarded?
Fair enough
Suhail kottakkal
Its just giving me error 24 I can't Download it
It takes up a TON of space on my phone and definitely slows the processer down a bit. It freezes sometimes making me force restart my phone, it doesn't show near as many updates and information as will appear if i log in via computer. It takes forever to do simple things and has dumb features that make me.install facebook messenger and other apps just to execute normal things like sending a message or picture. It works usually though. Id reccomend if you really like facebook, it does basics.
Love it
Facebook
Ok
worked fine. now with the update, freezes constantly and force shut downs. FB whats the deal?
Improved
Likely
Nawaz
very easy to use
Great I can talk to my dad in Texarkana
Living world at the touch of buttons
Advertisement business and organisations
I have to delete my apps just to install it.
Excellent, Exceptipnal, Social, Finding Old Known Creating New Friends of the Same Thoughts.  Fine to Share Thoughts Amongests Masses Rather Than Classes.  Ect.
I can't see my mssg . Cause it's must open by another app. That's messenger. Its so difficult. So far . I like it
Plsss lessen the memory it takes and make messenger optional..
I cannot open or send any messages through inbox. I have uninstalled the app and reinstalled it but it still does not work
I like fb....
Nice
Nagloloko sya
When I'm looking at someone albums it's only in portrait mode,the same is when i'm looking on friend suggestions... So it's stupid and annoying to rotate the device every time.
Thanks
I am like fb
Namr days it all
Do not take disadvantages of such social media. Use it towords the concencus on the constructive efforts which can change the nation.
hahh
Very. fast
I can chat with my bestfriend.:)
Doesn't let me watch videos. I know it seems like a whatever problem but I really like watching all of those funny videos. Please fix this. Until then 1 star.
i'll give you 4-5 stars if you do so
Pages
Kaim appp ah
LOL
Onurok
Please don't change it because it's better if you guys make it the way before. It's hard to have 2 apps at the same time if you guys change it back i will change the ratings to 5. thank you!! ^_^
I love my facebook FRINDS
A very bad app
Not enjoying the fact of forcing people to download messenger.......about to just use the mobile sight.
FB
very very very very very very very very very very very very good app
why there is no option to edit my own comment? i need to do that from opera mini. hope u will fix it. 5 star
Pathak
I cant download it on my phone!!!!!!!!!!
It is awesome but sometime frozen
It's not a smart app.
Good app no problem in using it.
Good
Mast
Excellent
Love you fb
Aslu
Marena  Abiyo
Can't play video !!
Like it
After 98% it reset my whole phone and I have to start over
Bad
It is very good
i love chating
Need to much space
Everyone should leave it.
1) Takes up entirely too much space for how bad it has become. 2) Why doesn't the news feed default to Top Stories on its own, and how is it I'm seeing a post from three days ago for the first time today? 3) UI is irritating! I press "Like" and the comments section opens up. Sometimes the comments section will be from the post beneath the one I'm trying to "Like." 4) Doesn't alert me about notifications and friend requests. I'll have 20 notifications, and my phone won't so much as buzz.  Uninstalled.
I need sometimes to copy & paste.. plzzzzz
Karthiksulu
Like
The messenger works on galaxy Y thanks :))
For social media
Nixe and fast
U
Good aap...
Afaq
Takes up way to much space.
Love
I like how I can do what I can do with the the web version (almost) but here the big deal, the memory (RAM) it keeps running on the background even after using a task killer, you should understand that we don't just use our devices for Facebook! How about adding an option that "Kills App on Exit"?
Nice
Good
Pendani
R
Fb is normal always except news feed. It doesn't load anymore, no reasons discovered.
For those who are complaining they can't edit...To edit and delete posts, simply tap on text and hold. I love this app! It does everything I need from my mobile.
Now facebook take too much time on video playing
Keeps closing when i try to wtach a video or look at pictures. Please fix this bug!!!
Fucking memory and time....
New look
Hi
Latest update doesn't work.  Top effort guys
App
Samsung galaxy s5
It takes up far too much space, forces you to download yet another app in order to chat with someone. App is very restrictive and allows almost no personal customization that was even offered by Myspace. It also does not completely remove your profile when you deactivate your account.
The app is just a resized version of the smartphone one. Compared to the iPad version it's terrible. Facebook surely big enough to develop a better android tablet app?
Keep it up!!
After the update, I cant even open this app! Pls fix it!!!
It's cool for social media
It 's really very good aap
Fb removed the messenger feature and I want to see the most recent posts, not the top ones.
This app rocks
Pictures not even loading smh
Slow process sum time
bcgv
josephrobert0505@gmail
Amazing
HUMANRIGHTS
It is easy softwere  for upload photos
This new update is worthless. Ever since I installed the messanger my Facebook won't stay open. The app shuts down or freezes. I'm uninstalling my Facebook app.
Love iT !
I dont like to install messenger just to chat
Aguilera
Its good but it takes so much spaceee :/
LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE
good for new friends to got close!!!
Lost facebook
Supar
Loved
Love it
Wel say that fb is reali kul for ma phone cause am always on line
Love it
Jjjjj
1. Need copy paste option and 2. I just chose mobile notifications for messages but I also recieve mobile notifications of my close friends. I am getting.annoyed. fix this now
Facebook
Come on
It is not to bad not too good
I love this application so much
But i feel as if i have more
Almost
Good!!!
WoW
Keeps closing out when I try to open the app.  Profile pic won't show either. Please fix.
not bad
Nothing loads up all the way. I can't see photos I just see blanks and I can even view my profile picture. It's a default background piv. Please fix and reply
Forcing to stop and turning itself off!
Really sucks
:(
Best
Keeps crashing on galaxy S5
It's stupid first I couldn't read my messages unless I installed messenger which take a load mor memory and how the stupid thing facebook has deleted itself from my phone and it won't let me reinstall it it's saying incompatible when I've had it on here since I've had this phone never known something so stupid got a mind of its own!!!!!
New update plays facebook videos now in my tab 3 8 T311.
nice
Best
Hiii
Facebook
<3
Kicks you out of the app but I can live with that :/
Uma porcaria, so serve pra ocupar memoria
It :-)
Take large space in ram
great app
kalyani
Very smaat
love it
Bad bad bad
Facebook on mobile.i'd just love it,mmwha.thanks for the app.
OOOOPOOOP
Ezzy use. Time saving.
Every 5 mint After sine out
The mobile app works better and faster on my Android phone than it does on my Android tablet.
Loved it
Darun
worst app developer
I like it
Always pop out msg no responding force closed  pls fix asap
So much space it take of ram
I like it g
Hello.surpreet g how are you
Awesome
Good
AFTER THE LATEST UPDATE, APP ALWAYS CRASHES. PLS FIX ASAP
The app needs updating again videos don't work properly, they keep freezing half way through that's why I'm dropping to 3 stars needs improving
Good
Have been using facebook for 5 years
It keeps saying unfortunately, facebook has stopped. -.-
good
facebook
Ur app is awsome..
GM Metaltech
I hate being forced to download this stupid messenger app. No privacy!!! Too much space!!!
Cuz its toooo slow and it hangs alot.... its took a long time in loading
I have a problem to get a new version...Y..????
h
This is a amijieen
Its....um....its.....ROSSSOME
N f sam
I love it so much
like omg.
I gives 5 star this application
Can't install
Uninstalled all alone!!! And i can't install it now
Worst app
Its a good app
Degrading my review from 5 to 2 for the new update. It keeps CPU of my Sony Xperia ZR awake for long some Facebook Audio service and my phones battery drains and it heats up my phone fast and bad. This isn't expected
Best..
Don't think it's right that we can't gave messenger on our app anymore. Really starting to ate Facebook!
Thanks
nice apps
Great
It is very laggy and sometimes  even crashes , the older one was much better
Excellent
I can not make ( copy and paste ) at all ....why ? Can you fix that ?
Nice app
Too Many Updates, Usually Making it worse. Cant we just keep it simple?
gud
New version take up so much space. Its ridiculous.
Not best .....
Facebook is nice on android But soaks so much internal storage
dumb
It makes my phone slow
Facebook
Good to see my family
This sucks why do you need face book messenger to text people and it keeps on freezing please fix and also why does it take up so much space
Bad game
Good
Great for keeping in touch
Good
2
Wonderful app
The app sits at setting up facebook for a total of 8 hours. It froze and always kept freezing. Dont recommend this app.
Awesome it is...
Good
Ma all time fav app...jst love it
Takes to much space
Superb..luv u
I like Facebook but its kinda boring
Yeah... let me try this <3
Fb is not working properly. ....
So many app permissions and takes up loads of memory so much that it blocks texts from coming through (please fix) but a good way to keep in touch with friends and family
I love girls
Love it
Besy
After the update the app is awesome
loved it
Fb rod
Uninstalled all alone!!! And i can't install it now
good
Since the latest update Facebook no longer works. It doesn't even start. FB is an important tool for me with family all around the world. Un installed.
Dendi Ihsan Najaa
It took too much memory space!! And didn't have feature too edit notes?! That sucks.
Gay as Christmas
HTC One S
A889
Im using samsung galaxy s4. But it usually hang.. then a note telling that facebook is not responding. Fix it
Please improve and why you need so many permissions?
I like it
Faisal
Crashes sometimes. I'll give it 5 if its fixed.
it won't open!
Suer
Very good aap we  can   connect with your friend a easily and faster
A very high speeed

Ganda
Hoo
Its kind of annoying when your phone is on idle but then there keeps showng the "facebook is not responding , do you want to force close it?? Zzzz
Eats too much space
i like it
Jordaar
Great!
Good Social app
Best
Fb is normal always except for news feed It doesn't load anymore, no reasons discovered.
Nice app
As of 2 days ago, pictures in the newsfeed aren't loading -- they're just gray boxes now. Some have a refresh icon in the middle of the gray box but that doesn't load the picture either when I click on it.
samsung galaxy S. Why Error App Facebook Me?
Too many crashes and it doesn't load
It happens when i scroll down and it freeze. After awhile it went out by itself. This is annoying you know?!! And it took a lot of my ram space!!
Stupud!! I wonder why it keep turn off by itself while i was actually scolling my page. So annoying. Can. you fix it?
mts Keti
Every since i downloaded messanger and Updated The Facebook App my phone No Longer Allows Me To Tag People In Picstures And Posts, Please Fix! Samsung Android
Tahir khan
Besides removing the messaging function from it's core, it does it's job well.
Very nice
omg!
Takes forever to load up most of the time it shuts off my phone
Poor Tate
Its really a good app
Nobueno
Nice
Events and btl
It keeps on crashing!
His starting five, oh " this face -B app is banging 
Ha dugsy kayo
Beacuse of i want old verson facebook. Not this one
It's not good becuz the.app  not work on my mobile?
Huh! It's not working at all
App
Nice and fast updates.
Too much space!!! Requires...
Good
Its took 64 mb of memory... Too much...this new version.
Awesome
Fix it please,  I don't have time to sit on my computer and would rather have access to it via the phone app... which isn't working right now!
This is the one most data consuming app according to me!

Takes too many resources and looks over your shoulder to discover all your secrets.
Hindi po ako mka play ng video..? Bakit po?
I love face book

I lyk it
It sucks my memory!!!  Boo!!
I have one complaint tho...I had an acct that was shutdown deemed "inactive". After a time, finally got computer up and running and was unable to reopen acct. Had to start another. I contacted F.B. so many times to find out how to reopen or join old w/ the new. Nobody ever responded. And it was still up for friends to send msges, requests, etc. There r pictures there i want to access.  Can someone plz respond? This has been some "yrs", not months, but years ago. 5 stars when i can get an answer. TY
Love being able to connect with family and friends!
Love checking fb fast and easy
What happen to this app???!!!
Great, everyone loves Facebook. My only complaints are one, it takes up a lot of space on my phone and two, its pretty inconvenient having to install messenger just to read or send messages. That takes up even more space for an app I rarely use.
Bug while watching. Videos plz fix
Good apps
I lit this
I've never had a problem with FB on my Galaxy's until this update. Freezing up every 10 minutes or more? Not cool!
I Lovet facebook
A new way to connect with ur friends.....keep it up
Ok
Nice super verry nice
I love face book.
hangs... freeze.... since last update... fix it..
Gud
Love it
Great
Use ios and download facebook paper instead, this facebook app crashes every time! Cant launch the app
Nice application
The best thing from which u can communicate with a lots of friends....lovely
0121suba
Its so time consuming
Black man
Thanks
^^
Trupti
I can't download facebook :(
Watting for better day
For 2 days now fb has been extremely unresponsive and won't load anything, please tell me how this can be rectified.
I just observed that every 2 weeks there is an update with the app for bug fixes. Every time you fox bug another one comes out. Keep it straight guys. I just updated again into a newer version and now it won't play any video posted in the news feeds. Please resolve this facebook.
Baby
News
One of the nicest app.
I dont get all my notification
2
Not bad
Waste and best good
This versionis very slow in updating the notifications and time line .....
Nt at all satisfied wid dis app...it takes too much space n cz of dis i hav to deleted so many apps...n my mobile gets hang...plzzz stop updating it n stop adding new stuffs...plz fix dis
Downloaded it bit didn't worked
Its veri interesting apps
Loved it
Luvvvv :*
I don't know why it keeps updating with new features >< Why force me to download the Messenger app when i don't want to? And the new feature whereby the video plays automatically without even clicking it is annoying. It makes my phone freeze because there are so many videos on the news feed, which i don't even want to play.
I miss so much with this app. When I log on to the desktop site there is content in my newsfeed that I never saw through the app. Don't always have access to the desktop site, so disappointing. Business pages are missing out on potential custom!
Nice apps....
Too long to wait to use this app. But its ok. I liked it.
Its ok but its logging
Thanks for the apps.
I am using sony e 1 recently updated my fone to kitkat version now its say facebook update incompatible pls resolve as my facebook account not able to operate.
I lile it
Slow and dont wanna install mssenger to chat
Its boring add vedio downlod option
Loved it
I live fb
Hi

Awsm
Nice
You can chat with someone when your playing
Prem Nai
OK
You tube videos don't work after last update
i like it.
The  old fb app is  nice than this         its so  very  annoying     i hope that you will fix it
Forcing to install other apps is bad.
Es ist sehr wiedersehen.
Easy to use
It is only one of the best app for Facebook with very fast speed and excellent features and more reliable for fb users.
Love it
Very nice
Stop after video running....
I'll only give 4 stars cause my account had been hacked
Why it is force close everytime i use it??its kinda anoying..and the thing is,i use 4.4.2. Version of my tab..what is the prob?its the version or the facebook app itself?please fix it
sucks a whole lot...disappointed
I dont want to download your crappy excuse to invade my privacy. Pleaseeeeee fix!!!!! Grrrrr!!!!
Ok
Pleased at all.
Keeps force closing can't use the app at all
Takes up too much space. Do not like having too have messenger to have conversations
Very nice
Full paisa vashul.
Good
Always gets froze and loads videos I don't wanna watch
I like it
Cool app yoo
Stop changing things - I've been using Facebook for a long time and I've never had as much hassle as I get now! Freezing, crashing - you name it.
Gd
The new update finally improves the loading speed of feeds.Even photos open faster now. Finally a better fb.
I love u
Super
This app makes me to hate Facebook. Dead slow...
Its okey
Facebook is finished time to move to one that works
Every person finding nearest each & all realatives & persons.
081995868
Best Facebook app..!!
I can't update it to phone
Hangs too much :(
Good
Good
So expect
Like
Its Ok but there's a lot of my storage left
I love Facebook
It takes too much space in my phone's internal
very very very very very very very very very very very very good app
Easy use every one
Downloaded update for Sony phone, now new version Facebook won't load. Sony blames Facebook. I don't care who I just want my Facebook back
Mathuelango
I don't need 2 apps, one for facebook and one for messaging. It used to be good. Now it's broken.
Facebook
Nice

not happy wit separate messenger app ......its of no use.....un necessarily extra space for messenger.....old one was better
Good
Too much space, always crash, events not sorted ..... uninstall
Extremely well...
It runs my data through the roof. I turned the automatic video loading option off and it used almost 2 gigabytes in a week.
Ya good
Do not update with this..piece of crap
It is an interesting app to chat with friends.
aasish kumar
I'm enjoying with it
Like
awesome aap
It is slower and never loads right
Very good apps
Great!
cool
Love face book
The app keeps closing on me
Updated
Pls, fix the problem, when one post a comment to wall it comes out black on the background, I will give 5 star.
message was not able to open
no words to say supperb
Amber
Lovely
Nice but lose of internal memory
There is space problem every time when i tried to uodate my fb
.it always force 2 close..plz fix diz so I can give 5 star
This ia not good guys,. Keep on crushing,..
Em nt happy wid this :-( coz it takes too much space in sd card :-(
V good
My style
Please allow us to message using fb app. Fb messenger app takes up too much resources.
Bat ganern?! Di maka download! Hb
Good
Who would not love this app????
Ang bagal mag open.
G
I love it
nothing
GOOD
Because when am trying to upload some thing it can't plizz fix it...
Its facebook its amazing
Lovly
Vk
This app help me so much to keep money.. Be better again. But can't find many more friens if u blocked. Please fix it.
Can't like a page it puts an error
Always crashes
Wow
Fast it
Nice
Stucks!
Love it
Nice app
This app is verry slow but it not very bad so I giveso 3 stars
Super
Good
honesty baby
But good
Exland...
Some of my friends is missing in the friend list
Good bat chatting hate
Superb!
Love it.
Mad simply wasting of internet
Nice and easy to use :)
If u change the MB like 15 Mb its ok but i cant download its cuz no have space ok
Most beautiful app
Can't private chat with friends! Give us messages back and ill give you a higher rating
Duha
Loved it
Yo beeeey , download this shiet Yoza
Sogood
I need more space just to get this app.. I have to uninstall my other just to have this but my memory always full.  It made me sucks..
Super version
This version is good... But can u add javascript control in facebook web browser???
Connecting people
Sadiku
This app using so much space I cn't even use my cell.. Everytime i see "INTERNAL MEMORY FULL" cuz of this app.. Please fix it As Soon As Possible.
I'm experiencing a problem on my Xperia.Whenever I play a video an error occurs and it just stop playing.Please fix this as soon as you can.
Very good!!!
cool
Idd
B

Xolo Q3000
It's too expensive for using. Lots of data volume has been wasted to use it :-(
Facebook
But gud
It is good
I've upgraded to latest version on LG G2 and it just doesn't work.... Plain and simply terrible.. It loads up to the loading screen then freezes... Plus the need to install another app for private messaging, which is extremely annoying.. My phone has started to behave funny since install, won't charge past 85%.. Crap app, please fb fix this.
Good
Very Good
Its boring
I update my facebook but I can't open my facebook account so please fix it and I will give 5 star
Bad processing.
Better
Sometimes the facebook was not responding
Good
The "newer" version sucks! I just updated it and it takes ten years to open. Half the time I have to force close. My newsfeed wont work. Uninstalling >:(
easy to use
Kailas
This apps takes too much space after some time. Clear data every month is not convenient.
The app is getting better
Please provide download option for video's
Y
Takes a lot of space for this app :-(
Mhmm
Very good I lke it one of my favorite app
Naeem
Nice a play store. And very good application's and features......!
Good app
I love India
I wished I could edit the privacy/hide my specific post to a specific person. Just like on the PC.
Coz wonderful fb
Awesome
It exit out on  right when it open ups
Rh
Dil
Nakakainis hang ang new fb.
It's 
Ya Now You Did What I Want.Way To Go
Slowwwww
Good
Updated to KitKat 4.4.2 on Sony Xperia E1 and can't download Facebook!!!! WTF FACEBOOK! ITS BEEN LIKE 3 WEEKS SINCE I UPDATED AND STILL CANT DOWNLOAD IT!!!! WTF!!!!
Hatariiiiiiiiiiiii
Loved it so much
When will andriods get ios7 update ?
good
not fully but love it
Need help.  Department of defense required to limit insider access.
Awesome apps
That's really good
Excellent
Ok
Android phones
So cool.
it tooks too much space.. and its slowing my phone so much.. the messanger didnt work properly.. ill gve it 2 star
Messager tracks your phone and gets access to like everything I dont want to download it but I want to still use Facebook can u put it back to how it was before the update thx
Wow
I am giving 1 star because there are some more features that need to be fixed.CANT SEE PICTURES ANYMORE GUYS MOST OF THEM ARE SPINING.... Why guys !!!???? Thanks again for the application
I like it
Very nice
Connect
O o its good!
Cant update -_-
I like it toooooo much
Star
Ranjeet chef
Zuckerdick has obviously sold out to American pressure and this app and this company are nothing but a spy tool, deactivated, deleted, useless junk.
Arif
Cursing
The app is OK. But the permissions it requires are just too much. U virtually hand ur entire device over to fb. They can even see which number u r talking to. Scaringly Absurd!
Re installing waist tYm..
Very nice
why I didn't find a search engine.
Yes
book
Nice
good
Loved it
I don't like to have messenger for a simple message!
simply sucks, all the more reason to stop using this garbage G+ beats facebook with is a stick, any day !
Thax
Little bit better
Wow
Mr
Hi
Awesome
Aleem idrees
Rascal it did not update shameless i an uninstalling it handu
Nice app
Nice gladi sleg ni
Ok
ANS BABA
like like like!!!
Like it...
:)
If i could have no stars i would.my facebook was fine before i updated it and now i get nothing but constant ads and pop ups fix this asap or i will have to delete it. I cant even write one sentence with out am ad popping up
please add a transparent status bar
123
Good Application
Fix bugs keeps freezing.

Besides the fact you now need nearly 200mb on my phone to operate I press back and it shuts down. we want the most recent post not most recently replied.
It's a lot better then it used to be.
Very fun and enjoying a long

uwoh!!!
Very good
Nice 1
It tooks very much space and damaged my phone...
i like it
I would have given it if it also sported video calling also otherwise it works great and the same for the messenger too
love it
Its great and very handy
But the problem is we cant copy text.
Great!
It is am amazing international application
Loved it
Kya bath hai
Always it stopped working ... :( its verry irritating ..
J.T.G. you out there?
Does not let me watch videos past the first 3 seconds, Facebook is just getting worse as they update it. I'm so close to just deleting it!
Needs to upload faster too slow and the app needs to stop freezing an saying its not responding its very annoying fix or else your staying at one star
mjy har chez sy bakhabr rakta hy
satisfied

Its ok
Good
Thanks
Updates
More then one week I am trying to sign in on android phone,  but, says "error sign in try later".
It was a good app but over the last few months it has become a slow unstable app. It often crashes or just freezes. You HAVE to install messenger so now I have 2 separate apps for the same thing I had one for. Overall it works and you can do what you need to do but its getting to be a very annoying app.
Vaoooooooo
Some fault
Awesome app work good on my samsung galaxy tablet.
Owsum
I'm loving it
Awein :3
FACEBOOK
Facebook is awful. But it's the only way to stay in touch with everybody.
Always the best
Facebook app always a good position now can you facebook everybody
Bad
Abbas uddin
Awesomely necessary
Terbaik
Is helpful
Space and RAM sucker.
Salim khan
Hi
Slowly
Great!!
Its really amazing app  Thank you very much made for this application
Works fine on Samsung now :)
good app
Awesome app I really  good
Ashok maurya
I'm glad I can upload a slideshow and share the moment's that matters to my Facebook friends
Loved it
Style
Every since Facebook went corporate,  it has sucked, I especially resent being forced to download messenger app just to read my messages. If not for it being the only way I have to contact friends and family I wouldn't ise it anymore!  Pull your head out of your azz Mark Zuckerberg!
My phone can't open this version (I have a cheap phone with 512 mb RAM and 1 GHz CPU)... please fix that, I watched in other phones and I think this app is very good,.
Unable to chat without messenger
I like facebook than messenger
I couldnt read any message from my friend it force me to download facebook messenger, and if i dont i could not read any message this sucks i cant use facebook on my phone its useless you know
Good better best
Not bad... just dont like messenger will.not install it.. hopefully by the time enough complain it will be bk too normal
Facebook have taken large space Please fix it
App lags
Loved it
Facebook, what can you say...it's the world's #1 most used/downloaded App on the market. I use it worth very little to few problems. Time to Time it acts up. Overall decent app. ;-)  :-)
Ys
banget
Waste a lot of time when downloading from google play
trouble loading new feeds.. i got no problem with my internet , i can reply comment like usual.. only the feeds stuff. empty..
Nice app
Good
Wow
Wasim shah
It cool

Super
Jjjjjjjjj
devkota
Getting one star because of crashes and being forced to use messenger.
It take so much RAM to run this app. It slows my phone and makes it force closes all of the time. I also don't understand why I need to download messenger to have a conversation with my friends. If you can fix the new bugs, I will give you a 4 star.
Not so good.
Its takes long time to open and after login its take time again previous update was best

I dnt like this latest version..
Boom panes..
Love
^_^
It takes up too much space =(
Great
App just keeps getting better
This app stinks like last week's fish!  I use it and it crashes and "unexpectedly shuts down" every two minutes! Let me tell you something Facebook. At this point it's not that unexpected. As a matter of fact if it didn't crash THAT WOULD be unexpected! Please fix this problem or we will have to move on to somewhere that is not to glitchy.
Took forever to download and then I was so disappointed at the whole getup. Not impressed at all, was way better before the update.
Sunil mishra
Nice
Was seriously hoping FB would listen to the single biggest user criticism: etting rid of Top Stories as the default and replacing with Most Recent. How very, very typically clichижd... they didn't. Again.  They really hold us in contempt, don't they?

Always jump out !!PLEASE FASTER FIX BACK!!!!!!!!!

When i open it says "facebook is not responding"
Since I updated it is not working at all. It keeps hunging. I am very bore of it i may uninstall it.
Nice
Whenever i install facebook on my phone... My phone starts lagging...
My sister uninstalled the fb app on my phone to download another app temporarily then she later downloaded the fb app again but its the updated version I don't like the updated version I liked the one I had before the updated version :( I want to know if I can uninstall the updated version to the one I had before it I'm very upset by it I tried to avoid updating it cause I saw how it had bad reviews :(
Facebook is really a good way to meet friends & family
Its a worst version I am using.
Goood
Won't let me reinstall the app!
Won't even open up anymore.  All the updates have ruined the app. Especially removal of messaging.
Manish
How come i cant see pages i liked on my wall?...i liked them for a reson..but yet u limit what i can see..why let people like a page if u cant see it...im sure ill get no reply to this probably just wasting my time...
It takes up so much space!!!
Najako
I had my phone for a week and was able to connect with Facebook with their logo now I have to continually search the web and sign in very annoying.
Sometimes not working correctly
Well it uses 70 MB+ ram even on low end devices make freeze everyday
Bad bug keeps kicking me out
What would we do without facebook? Great app
It's good way to meet lots of people like my girlfriend in the Philippines this app is way to cool 
Cant play the video.
I Love Facebook
Nice one. To contact & conversati with each other .
Kuak kuak
Hate the fact that i have to update my Facebook app in order to delete or change my profile pic. And i dnt see the need to download the Messenger app to be able to chat wit friends.
Dear fb, i used to kinda like you, now you are horrible. Mostly bcuz you don't work properly. Since this recent update for the messenger switch over, i press the fb button & it closes back to my home screen and will not open till i restart my phone... Ugh! Please fix, tired of my phone freezing as well due to both these apps. Thanks, <3 Jo
very smart app
morning
Super liked!
Good app should download
After I update this app,photo stopped sync,I can not find the button sync on app.
Good
Cant upload pictures or videos when it finally does it takes hours my videos haven't updated its been 36hrs smh you freaking suck.
Excellent
I have 2 MBPS MTS wifi but when I open facebook via facebook app, profile pictures of the liked pages and of my friends in the news feed are not getting loaded while the content shared by the pages are loading. When I use UC browser to open facebook everything loads properly. Why am I facing this problem? Started to face this problem after the latest update. Please update soon.
saimon
Totally hated this app after forcefully needing to download messenger.
It's constantly saying that I'm not connected to the Internet!  All of my other apps work properly because I AM connected to the Internet...
awesome...
Wow face Facebook is funny an awesome
So nice
Fast

Hate and refuse to do messenger. Ridiculous.
just like that
first day the update was fast. now always FORCE CLOSE, HANGING AND CANNOT EVEN CHANGE COVER PHOTOS NOR DELETING UNWANTED COMMENTS! PLEASE FIX!
Facebook
I hate you cant chat unless you have messager..it bites
Good one
It has much bug.Slow and disturbing.
Wow nice app
The update no different with the oldand it's frequent
The longer you have it on your phone, the more it sucks. It eats up too much space and memory over time!
It was a great app until recently. Now it randomly closes. Please it.
Everytime I get on it freezes out by that I mean when I click on someones page to look at a picture it boots me out of it and closes it
App isn't even running now !
It's a very good social media application.
Takes so much CPU consumption and my net is good but it always says unknown error whenever I open something in this app
It's aight.
Don sinu
The updated version is so huge and is constantly run in the background using a lot of my phone's RAM. Not to mention all of the crashes, it crashes even when I'm doing something as simple as watching YouTube or browsing the web. Please fix this, Facebook is not usable for me right now.
When I enter Events, it's slow and sometimes... It doesn't work
Thanks
Kena banyak prmbaikian lagi.
Its always get trouble shoot wit my phn and dnt conect wid mb data....dis is really really fбюбюбю app.....
Day by day m fedup using this application...m nt happy at all about massenger...i really dont want that app anyway...:@
Very intresting
Good
facebook
Nice app
Well i honestly think this app is fine its just that there are these rumors saying that nothing is private?
Grandiosa aplicasion te ahora caminar a la casa de tus friends
Ok
Better
yooooo
To update fb, you need 1st to update the messenger! What's wrong with you fb? It's just a simple application and yet you cannot manage it! You paid much to your programmers and yet they don't do their job efficiently! Everytime new message comes it freezes my phone for a few seconds.
Cool 4 older ver.
Need some improvement.. And please fix some bug issue ... Over all 4.5/5.
Jus luv it
Facebook
Like it
Star
Very gud application l like it
This is very easy to use....
I'm so so so liking it  perfect app
Crazy apps
The worst fb virson ever i use . Just  Fuckdup.
Looks more like you guys broke it.. Nothing loads at all now.
Good new interface
KEEPS FREEZING on my phone htc1m8.... Most annoying thing that ever! Have too just wait it out. Can't even stop it in app manger... OMG please update. Between this and the new messenger I do believe FB is going down.
Fb keeps closing out done reinstalled several times very disappointed.
I like it
Now i can't view my messages unless i download the messager app which is a major invasion of privacy!!!! Bring back messages to this app!!!
It alright
Khan
& it would work way to many glitches that need to be sorted out before you do another update! i will rate 5 after you the fix the problems.
Superb
What's also new is the fact that Facebook & Messenger demand on installation, access to all your personal information. Camara,texting, e-mail's,pics everything.not cool!
Intertainning
Access to camera and microphone? Seriously, what are you trying to accomplish
Don't give updates
Thanks fb so now i cant get sign in. Wat the fox say?
Like the big thumbs up!
I can't believe that basic functions like edit and delete can't be done with this updated version. Even the activity log and account setting isn't functioning at all!!!! Not happy with the version. Please do something, create a fully "functional" app. Crap!!!
Kamlesh Agrawal
Useful to every one n the world use dis. Its vry good
Blh knali rmai kwn2 dn kkngsi idea
After last update, when edit post, it hang :(
This new update keeps crashing and forcing close 95% of the time I can't use Facebook because it will not open at all
Its ok
Aww I love it
Coz..its too much slow and i dnt like to chat frm messenger...its too much.
Noone really loves being told what to do, neither anyone will love to be forced... I've never normally loved facebook, but now it's just disastrous... So you can have a coition with both of your apps. Farewells!
It plays up
Gh
Takes up much space
It freezes it you open it and closes the app.. The new update does not have a new look and the news feed still isn't updated  to current time....please fix...Samsung Note 3
Super
Help to find someone lost.
Nice application
Loved it
App keeps crashing anytime i try to update my status or comment on something... please fix or i wont use it anymore
Why do i have to go to a different app to send a message. I'm uninstalling both fb app and messenger, and logging on on the browser
like it
Every time i click on something im booted out of the app. Please fix this i never had this problem before on my tablet until the recent update.
Cokl
I ok with new facebook
Awesome  Awesome Awesome Awesome Awesome Awesome Awesome
Awesome
Best this application
Thanks
Why do I have to install messenger when i don't even want to install it. :3 Crap
This made mine, my brothers and my girlfriend's phone completely useless. We tried to call 911 in an emergency and our phones didnt work. We blamed the phones at first. After removing this our phone work WAY better. And I have a Galaxy S5! Screw Facebook, what are they doing that ruined our phones?
I'd prefer not giving my private information considering your company had a scandal going bout the messenger app will use Facebook on my computer but deleting this for privacy issues I have with this app


Scafold builder
Can't Search!!!
Looved it
Happy Again. .
I hate this app I wanna remove it from my fone but I can't. So dum
Don't like the new version it suck
It works great
Great
I can not read all the posts on  news feed, it resets to the beginning 1.5 or so minutes in..  pretty lame..  Facebook = new MySpace, next best thing needs to take advantage!
Keeps shutting down, and doesn't play videos.
Getting tired of seeing that bloody circle spinning half the time I use this app. No FB, it's not MY connection, it's YOURS.
It is slow and takes up so much space!
to much space
Facebook
Facebook you don't need to read my texts and see everything on my phone so until the stop I'm keeping this uninstalled
I LOVE IT
Number one in social media.
It uses a lot of RAM and space, it also lacks a tablet version and some desktop features, like comment replies.
You just putting new and new version for just earning money it has no benefit. First one was awesome but now.you r just creating trouble! !!..stop it .i hate when it shows any update!!!
Amazing
Link of life
Nice
Terima Kasih U All
Very gud aps certainly if its too lil space becz in sum mobile ram has too short plz reduce ur ram space
My life fb
Good look and feature
Quick and easy way to access facebook
Slow and forcing close...
I like facebook ..
Facebook
yessa
This now ask me to sync with other apps by signing in but I'm signed in already. Now it won't connect with candy crush at all. Useless without Facebook. Sucks, think I may uninstall both from my phone.
Every time when i open this app it will crashes or hang
How long will you keep ignoring users who keeps on yagging bout that messenger app! We dont care how much you update fb, as long as messenger is mandatory!
I luv it
Facebook
In olvidable
Always good experiences with f/b.
I don't like having to keep selecting most recent considering most ppl want to see most recent shouldn't that be the norm with the option to look at most popular
I don't like messenger
Pretty much sucks monkey balls!
Great
Facebook
Too nosey
i like d appliction so much.
Great
K
lovely
Loved it
High rate
I have updated the latest version then also it is telling to update it again and again .
I love u
my fav
"Turn Off Notifications" feature doesn't work.
Nice app ..<3
It's great for checking Facebook of course, but I don't want to download stupid app for the messenger
Wish you would take care of the freezing and unresponsive problems!!! If only the app would work .. I'd change my rating but until I can use the app you only deserve a 0. Please please please fix!!!!
Love it
Degraded to the rate that even two stars rating seems big.
I am not able 2 open messages. It is asking  for downloading fb messenger
Esmile
Good but not best.
Ok
It used to be great. Since the updated Facebook keep on crashing and the video doesn't work. It could be my phone but I check on my ipad same thing keep on crashing
Good application
Facebook app still sucks at loading even when connected to a 15mb/sec wifi
Amazing
Find people
Fix it! You would think fb would have a up to date app that actually works!! I liked the one 3 updates ago... please fix it!!!!!!!!                               WILL YOU FIX THIS APP.
Stfu yousif
Great
Always showing  my frnd  online even when they are not using fb how i should troubleshoot problem of this app
i dont want fb messager but i cant chat without fb messager . please fix it .
Very nice application for my new phone
Latest version make my phone go slower than before..
Facebook.
Tg
S r a nj e!!!!!!!! Nezeli ucitat!!!!!!!
Nice one
I love this
I love Facebook
Nedda stop the ads cause ii hate it ugh.. :(
Getting tired of taking this app off and putting it back on. The screen goes black,  and then acts like it's trying to swipe pages and just keeps freaking out like that. Freezes too.  Also it's just so large, and takes up so much room.

Cool
Its cool
Good than old Ui
Best platform to meet friends..
Worst versions r coming one by one
Way too much space and separate messenger is stupid.
It wont download
Takes to long to download
No doubt it is a nice application but i want or you can say that i suggest you to ad an option so that we can copy some written material, which we like.
Solo un tiempo la app es buena...pero con cada actualizaciиоn se vuelve mas lenta.... no actualiza bien y lo peor de todo OCUPA MUUCHO ESPACIO... :(
It keeps on crashing every 10 minutes. You guys really need to fix this and stop making it worse!!!!!!! It's really slow and it sticks!! Please fix these problems.
;)
It's retarded that Facebook thinks it needs more power over you than the NSA or MI6. There is no reason that that you need that much access to my mobile devices.
While entering into Facebook it takes much time and shows blank page!please fix this problem!
Its better then old version only WiFi
I love Facebook but at times all the updates worry me
It's gotten better over the years. Too bad they removed messages into a separate app that drains battery and forces notifications. It used to work just fine in the main app. Bring it back.
Good
Won't load any pictures whatsoever. Very annoying. Test this stuff before you put it out.
In God we trust
Would not install correctly

Manojns
Amazing
Facebook needs a new design. You guys need to delete the stupid Facebook messenger app, because it's crap. Just combine the Facebook  messenger app with the Facebook app and make the app, so it takes app less space.
Yeaaaaa
don't like two app with messenger
Nice and cool
Let's you keep in touch with family
Its eror
This update is full of bugs! Can't even access my account...
Its very slow when im opend it
Why it's go on top automatically when I'm scrolling down for saw new feed
Good app
;)
Bajwa
It used to be fine but after the update i will be scrolling in the most recent catagory and it will just kick me out of it and ruins the exprience i hatw the app now
I think this is being more than just an app, now they want to see everything from you!
sometyms it did not notify my notifications
now you must include how many friends do we have the number should be displayed fix that and i will give you 5 stars
Nice app
The newest version. Keeps freezing every time the video is played. Kind of pointless.
Have not been able to upload a picture with this app for about 2 months. Tried Wi-Fi and data, neither works... Just gives a notification saying it's uploading, if I tap it it gives the option to cancel or let it continue.  This app is becoming more and more useless...
This is the away some
Because very very fast
Ok
I stay connected with everyone in this app. Can't see why anyone would not find use for it.
Wonderful
Nice and useFull apps
Its very good
User friendly and free call I love much hope video calling here get better
LOVE IT
It consumes a lot of MB. Using facebook through opera mini is far better than this...
Perfect
Love it
Good
It's amazing
Really sucks cant play videos very annoying. Always crashed bullshit.
It is a very nice app but a bit slow in my phone

Im not sure that I can trust this app due to it's extensive permission details. I dont understand why does it get access to so much of personal data on my phone.  Not cool Facebook!  Uninstall
Why i cant open thefb messenger? And my fb app always got crashed... FB please fix. Thanks.
Helping
it takes so so much space .even aftrr updating i cant use it bcx  mob becomes so slow.. plxz reduce memory space buddy
1) im not downloading Facebook messenger since this app takes up so much space. 2) the app keeps freezing and i have to exit and restart it after using a task killer.
Try  the fb now!.
Amazing
WHAT MORE DO I NEED TO SAY LOL.
nice
Get rid of all the animal and child abuse graphic stories. They are Horrible.
Soc
What the hell fb? This app takes so much space.and why do ihave to install fb messenger such bullshit!
I use it more for business!
i love it
Love it
Learn how to get 4G and Google search
I like this aap very much.
Its all good
Its looking awsome now
Takes a lot of space thinking of deleting the app and using my browser
Cool
No good
Tk dpt app.
Good app.
Good work
Crashes if any videos are clicked to play.and occupies more place.
Good
Facebook
Loved this app
Want let me post anything keeps closing the app
Ok
Id liked to give u five star if only u can fixed the most recent update bcome updating from random update into the latest update by the time in it. Fixed it plz
Good
I can't view my messages anymore because they want me to download another program that takes up more memory than this bullshit already does smh.
Smart app
Need messenger back
Since the latest update my timeline won't load/refresh. Can't open the emoji and post what I'm doing/feeling/watching. Videos won't load. Now all my other apps are slow and have glitches. Bs!
Good
If i can give 0 stars i will this takes all my memory so fix it i will give if 5 if u fix it
I love it !
Takes up tii much space and keeps crashing. Dislike
To fix this
Whenever I play any video my fb get crashed.
because its my favorite app
Since the last update it takes a few minutes to even open up... If it even starts ...
Facebook app
Keeps on closing
Has not shown me a single post from after the update. It populated feed with old posts from before the update.
Very very good
MY granddaughter can't stop using and its perfect for NY phone and keeps them bussy
Crashes
Marc
It's great
I totally am dependent on this for entertainment.
Its good but wasting 20 mb
The best
Nice
It  @@@@@wesome appp
Super app .....
I love how easy it is to navigate on my phone! I'm glad these changes were so easy to learn to use. However, I do not like that hackers are still tagging and hacking.
Wow
Bhinmal
Hoo
I like Facebook
it sucks.. I wont install the massenger application..
Half the time their experimenting. The other half you can't get post to show in a time line fashion. Also the requirement of messenger, their better prepped spyware, is horrid.
Very easy using
Its really cool

Takes up hella space
I don't like facebook
When i used mobile data i cant play shared videos
I love Facebook
For an older version
It is realy amazing.
Poor aps. Very disapointed!
Galaxy S5. App does not update properly if any other apps have been running. Have to close all others.
I do NOT like this new messenger app at all. I don't appreciate being FORCED to accept this app. Also I don't like losing the messenger privacy we once had. CHANGE IT BACK PLEASE!!!!!!!!!
Great
Nice to b in contact with sum1dear
Im sorry but you suck and your very very dumb!
Last update is making it lag and what is the point of private message app. It was how it was before.
I love it
Help me find it.
Ok
I updated my facebook and it.takes 78 MB! Why is it so high! Need to fix ASAP
Love
Keeps crashing after latest update. Ugh!
Takes sooo much space, will NOT use messanger, don't like sharing all my friends info. Had to uninstall. Keep it simple please. Too many stupid ads, over and over again.
The new updates have made this a better app
Great layout
Awosame
i like it
I love it
Only sticking with this until people find a better alternative. Messenger should be a choice, not forced. Please vote one star so the ratings tip, forcing change.
perfect thing to talk to peple on sometimes slow but its good to use
Nice
Love it!
The ability to connect with friends everywhere that I never would have spoken to again is priceless. That said, updates are forced (I HATE messenger!) Also, all activity is being tracked by advertisers and Lord knows how many other 3rd parties is disconcerting & a frightening invasion of privacy.

Bagus
Good
Like its Lot
Keeps shutting down, Not stable
Hate it
After a month of installing and uninstalling messenger, because it would crash when accessed, and then, each time it tried to restart.. usually every minute.. the latest revision finally works for me, again. But, the latest revision of the FB app, closes (completely exits) when i try to share anything.. and randomly when try to view a link or a video on FB.. sometimes as i am scrolling thru my newsfeed. But the real kicker is, it closes when i try to access my own wall!
The best app
Copy and lacks the past to update the status
My Life
Keeps closing out when I try to open the app. Please fix.
This app keeps freezing please fix!!!!
Love it
Great app
Nice for look
This to much it take all you're store which up it 2 much man
It's facebook
Messenger
With the last update i began to recieve notifications for a status i didn't comment on, liked, or followed. It wouldt let me turn off notifications for it. I got so tired of recieving notifications for a page i dont follow that i deleted the app.
Awesome
New app sucks.  About ready to delete fb !
There is no way for me to set my news feed to show most recent posts. I'm tired of seeing the most popular posts from days ago.
Like it
the officer bought the child a bed
crashes all the time. and forced me to dowload the ridiculously invasive messenger app
Wouldnt download kept saying error downlaoding
Facebook
Not working fast
I like the fb app itself but hate the fact that i need to download messenger to recieve and reply to my messages.  My phone does have the memory space to dowload an extra app just because thats what you want us to do. I was fine sending and recieving my messenges from one app and that being facebook.
Love Facebook, only one problem ,, it takes forever to sign up. 
Please!!!! 
I absolutely cannot stand the fact anytime I watch a video or when I first log on and see something I like then the automatic refresh, refreshes the whole feed. Should be option not forced upon us like everything else is!!!
Mark Zuckerberg has found another way to make money from us yet again with this stunt of moving Messages from this app to Facebook Messenger and you know what that means installing another application just to do something i could of done on the app in the first place so i do not approve of this at all and until something is done I've deactivated my account and uninstalled the app, oh and I'll never ever reinstall Facebook for as long as i live I'm so outraged by this company
Sj
I cant log in by my phone please fix and delete my old accounts
Does a few things well. But why have the messenger tab if I can't even use it? I'm not installing another crap app. And if I can't messenge people could it at least be easier to go to their pages?
Another wonderful means to keep in touch with friends and family
Session timed out?
why I cant see my profile after I change my profile not preview it hidden all the picture also newfeed etc..
You removed one of the apps better liked features (by most users), messaging. Personally, I was indifferent because I used Messenger. That aspect should have reduced the size of the app, but on multiple devices I see app sizes surpassing 150 MB, not including cached data. All of this without being able to move on to SD Card, and since Facebook is America's favourite bloatware, you can't get rid of it.
I need to download -24
verynice
too much space!!
Is awesome
B
The app freezes and crashes. I'll just use my web browser and free up the space on my phone. The updates are horrible and the messenger is as equally horrific.  I can omly save photos half of the time.
Love it
Decent app..
Too slow....
The messenger is so stupid it forces u to download it!!!
Jejeje
This app keeps freezing up and shutting off. It's getting worse with each update and I hate the fact y'all took away the in boxes. I'm not downloading that app either.
Need more better and more security
Genius app for Android devices great job,   creator of Facebook.
I love this app
32
Love it
I we want the like
Its k
So you give me the notification but won't let me see the message. I don't want messenger! I don't have enough storage!
Too big & bloated
Is taking more data winds space then it use too and now it freezes  my whole phone when I look up a video its now a horrible  app
Great
N
Takes up way to much space! Also like tons of others I hate that we have to download another space taking app to message people!
Facebook even better
Easy to upload n get a hold of friends
Gay asf
Booooooooo
This app can read your messages and listen to your calls... chrome all da way
Good
Good for communication
becoze it so fanny
Excellent
Very good application
Good
5 staaars
Chatting
nice one App
It suck facebook lost its charm
Love it
Better than the older version of facebook
Very nice apps
God
Facebook takes up entirely to much space on my phone...more then most my other apps combined! This needs to be fixed. Plus you're forced to have to download the Messanger app or you can't see your messages! It's absolute crap!
Facebook bigger balls thin any crappy app out thare. The fb app freasies and closeies without otherisaton
Love it
Crashing and locking up constantly.  Continues to lock up, without fail.  I don't know why you people can't get your act together.  There is absolutely no reason why, someone who makes as much money as you do, why you can't program an app that actually works. Purely pathetic.
Doesn't deserve a star at all! Keeps freezing! What's wrong with this app? Pls do another update to replace this. So FRUSTRATING!!! Is anyone reading our messages or is  this another exercise in futility?
Takes up so much space now that it slows down my phone! Randomly freezes all the time now! Freezes and force closes all the time now!!!! All these new updates are just a bunch of crap!!!!
To many permissions to access everything on your phone takes to much memory and kills your battery. No thanks I'll use my computer
Instead of posting things that we may "like" to see. Let all posts be visible.
good20000
We shouldn't be forced to use or install fb messenger app that should be a users choice or preference. U guys are going to loose accounts because of all the constant changes.
Annoying , and slow.  Get it together and fix this  
If I can give this thing - stars I would I downloaded the f****** app and I still can't get to my f****** messenger
I loved it my opinion the only thing is that it is slow
Facebook
Since last update I try to get on the facebook app and it kicks me out all the time and can't do anything on there I may uninstall app :(
Very best
Best app.
But i move to SD love it
Good
I like it yaar

I can not downloaded
V v good
Nice app but takes space a lot
It started to close out every time I comment or post. Now it won't even let me log back in.
Its just awsome!
Fb
Love it
it can make ur phone slow!!!!
Amazing
It sticks slow to log in slow to do everything
I love it
Super
.......,,
I have downloaded the update and when my sytem update for my samsung galaxy tab 3 10.1 the app will open let me scroll two posts and then it force closes without notification. Fix this or i will not use the app anymore.
Midoo
Gracias
Trash just keeps kicking me off
Its good but laggy
Awesome
Lol
Can't view comment threads when someone directly replies to a comment you make nor can you directly reply to a comment. Annoying.
Want more user friendly characteristics.
Can't Install no enough space
I cant used it well...
Because we must install messenger just for chatting but it's excellent App
Every time I open this app, it crashes everytime. Please Fix this....
Facebook
Love this app works good
Why have an "turn notifications off" option when it does not turn notifications off and still get them? Also since last update this app has been freezing CONSTANTLY and kicking me out. Can't even go through my news feed or see my notifications without it freezing... hate it!
Great way to keep in touch with family and friends
Way to big. I liked the old facebook app, a couple updates ago.
Don't like it
Nice app
I could not reinstall it gets to 100 percent then stops.
Love u fb
But very good
Good app
But line is very best
Did a system update on my Xperia E1 phone and now Facebook isn't compatible with my phone. Holy mackerel...
Every time I like a page it doesn't take it . Its like I never like it. Every time I logout it takes about 10 minutes to logout and logging in it takes same amount of time.
Not cool
This is one of the worst apps ever. With every update, it gets more dismal. If Facebook spent the same time and money on improving the user experience rather than spying and data mining, they would get somewhere. Oh well! One may dream.
great....
Not connecting to my account. Impossible to use on my nexus 7
Nice n lovely app
its good and greatful best app eva
It's all dumb
Lol... GAY!!!
Most overrated app in the market. You would think after this long they would find a way to decrease all the friggin space it takes. Slow as snails. Very limited app for so many downloads.
It is good and fast .the design ia also good
<3
It's always "unerror occurred" when i play the video...  Can you please fix that error?
Great!
This version keeps crashing on my Samsung Galaxy Tab 3.
The only application I use to communicate with distant friends and family
The app had gotten better but after last update it freezes
Nice
Need help to get back on facebook
Nice
Use too large space. Please update this to give a smaller space used in device
My party nov 14 BBB4
When I'm on the feeds I try going up & down the page but I can't cause it freezes on me. Also when I'am watching video's it also freezes. And don't like it. I just took some apps off my home page. Cause I'm thinkin there slowing my Facebook. Right now I'am reinstalling Facebook to c if I can fix the problems!
hidupku hanya untuk orang yg paling ku cinta dan ku sayang
It works fast but take lot of space:/
This is a really good thing to use to talk to people .
It freeze to much for about 3 sec I got 4g plz fix
Fuxk update. . Very slowly
good
Can't see videos or video tag.. can't choose directories when uploading
Keeping up Wyeth the timeframe.
It's Facebook
App is okay, just stay away from the  messenger app, it will take over your phone and your privacy.
Having two apps sucks. But the biggest problem is the performance   on any listings.
Great
Cori ryan
It is that bad
It's always crashing and lagging and it also affects my whole phone.
So good...
It amazing app to get connected to your family
To much drama
Aplicatia nu mai este buna de nimic de cand cere o alta aplicatie pt mesaje .
I downloaded Facebook on my new phone and the new messenger is part of it. I don't want to give up this much privacy so I deleted it. Good bye Facebook app.
Ig its cool
Poor
This takes up too mich space! Fix this!!!
Amazing Design But why i should Go To Messenger to see messages .. :(    So Please Fix The Problem ..
Should let us add more photos when we forget during posting or editing
Bad
Not only can I not do the things I want to, but I have to wait for EVER to even try!! And it just completely shut off my phone! Mobile Facebook wasn't broken, before, but now it's crap. In order to use it I will just be moving on to one of the other several types of group communications. Why waist your time on something that is just going to be frustrating??
facebook
Fine.
Like it
Loca
What the hell! I only accidentally uninstall it but when i'm going to download it, I can't install it now ! Please fix it! I've got the update version and it is out of space. Lower its size.
It shouldnt be sharing info directly & without consent.
Big brother has arrived! The almighty Facebook has you all!
Mmmmm
Very good
Why do why have to use messenger app? Why made it so complicated and stupid....is just getting like MySpace... bye bye Facebook
jst love it
Copl
So lame. Why do i have to have another app? Takes up to much space as it is. I wont do it.
Good
Good
It keeps freezing and crashing!!!
:)
I have 2 games plus clean master and facebook and messenger ..... and it keeps telling me I have no memory and I need to delete... when I first got my galaxy s5 i had about 10+ games and apps and have had to keep deciding what to delete because every auto update that adds more and more stuff I never use and is using up my memory... now im down to the 2 games and fb +messenger( which I do not like but can not use mh msg inbox withouf it) please stop adding crap I dont want. PLEASE STOP auto update. Lin.
Stupid update, too many issues to list. Boo
It ok
This is a terrible app, it's default on most popular, and disables most recent regularly.
Its my world
Having trouble, hate messenger
Justt u betta knowhow to worrk
The news feed Facebook's offering are the old ones two even four days ago fix this and you'll get 5
Update Upgrade UP Addresses
Using this app is making my phone over heat using all my CPU up and the videos stop near the end and lag out
That's great
And it wont load half the time. And takes up to much memory and Permissions need to be changed I do not want messenger at this rate I will not have Facebook on my phone much longer
Everest to be updated my facebook it has been sucky I can't refresh my screen! I can't see new post! Right now i can't even connect! I've never do reviews so if I do do one either amazing or it sucks! This sucks! Absolutely horrible
Absolute gd
low.also I can't make private chat and looking to my posts this new maseenger not good it is tooooooo bad
Like
Lacking the ability to mute all conversations indefinitely. Extreme resource hog. Each update eats up more and more memory even on a brand new model phone. ( Way to support planned obsolescence with your junior high coding.) You killed my data plan this month with your automatic video loading. All our data are yours. Obviously.
Too much space needed.
Too much space
That i'm having second thoughts whether to update or not. Pls fix it!
Not much privacy any more
You're forced to install a secondary app to read the content of messages. I just want a Facebook app that has basic messaging, friending, and timeline features, not a suite of disparate apps.
please fix your application, because when I click the picture is too large in lanscape mode
#1 issue: it will not upload photos now! #2.... Most Recent now covers up the bar that shows friend requests, messages, and updates. What is wrong with wanting Most Recent as just a default? Top Stories are never really top stories....
When I scroll down on my tablet, Facebook shuts down. It wasn't broke before, now it is. Way to go Facebook!
D12 ta gotta know
The app freezes all the time it makes my phone over heat and shuts my phone down. Fit it please.
Home. Helper
Crashes all the time
Wth!?!?! The last version was much better u guys just missed a lot of important things like the space and the speed of the app but i hated it.
It miss spells everything and plz stop them same kids there some nuts out there I was too when I was young but now I have a kid a see it all different protect them form creepy people as well then I'll give it a five nb
Freezes my unlock screen if I have a notification. Permissions on all face book apps are ridiculous. Now can't see msgs in app. Can't turn off auto updates. It was just fine on my old Galaxy 1. Now not so much on my Galaxy 4. Wtf.
I am satisfied to use this app till now. ..
I like this app still must rate5
Good very good
Its slowed my phone down so much it took me 7 minutes to type this. Uninstalling now!!!
I think f/b is a very wonderful thing ever created!
Whatever
First they updated Facebook at the end of August and it kept crashing and freezing up my tablet. Then they updated it again on the 2nd of September. It is freezing even worse, locking up my tablet, restarts whenever I try to upload a picture or video and even shuts down after sharing a simple status. And you are lucky if the status even gets posted. Usually the whole thing is lost because there is no way to save it, and you don't know if the status was even posted until you get back on to Facebook. I am hoping another form of social media comes along. This app takes up too much space, requires too many permissions that require you give up any right to privacy before you can get an account and the new messenger system sucks. Wish I could give it zero stars.
Kind of lame -.-
Awsome
Good
Great
I love it
I do
High
Takes much of my phone memory.
Thank u
Anytime I upload a new video from my galaxy s5, which has phenomenal video quality;  it always appears to be pixelated.  Please fix this!
Ive downloaded the facebook app plenty if times on all the phones ive had now for some odd reason it keeps freezing on me and shutting down and its been like that since the last update ....i hope you guys do something about it because i would really hate to delete ny account because facebook wont work .!
Needs update app freezes and won't move. Please fix!!!
Hjj
I like Facebook but it lowed  slow
But fun
anyeong
Good app
It is extremely laggy when swiping across the tabs, espeically from the friends tab to message and from message to the notifications tab. My suspicion is that it is to do with your messaging which we are forced to use
Need upgrade
Love it not.
1 because i cant install it .. and it need more space
Mobil sucks computer is awesome
It is set up so the government can stalk you  through camera and microphone
Good
lot of friends
I can't disable video autoplay on my news feed because the option simply isn't there!
star
Good
yes verry nice
Awsome

Incompatible update with Androids kitkat version o.s
Dear apps, please take into consideration to stop making your apps bigger when it comes to space!!!
Love it
Always hang
Omgsh
Can't download Facebook app because there always a error code 919, 41 and 24 if I can download the app I would give it more stars
Takes up way too much space and having to install messenger is BS!!!! Can't even open my gallery on my phone because this app is too big and it slows my phone way down. Plus you're spying on people through messenger? WTF is wrong with you people?
Since i have updated my app it glitches alot lately i will hit the post button when sharing something or posting a status update and fb will just close on me even after several times and when i click on my profile to see if it worked it will close on me as well facebook really needs to fix it and i hate having a messenger app just to check mail i liked the way it was before i don't see the need to keep changing things
SPACE
It won't even down load. It was stalling. I wouldnt get the app if I were you
Bueno
ALL IN 1
Nic
I like the app :)
Not completely liked it
Slots
Good to know about different things!
Imir
Trash
Facebook is a popular app. People use it even on low end phones... Like me. EVERY UPDATE CRUSHES MY PHONES STORAGE. I'M FORCED TO UNINSTALL OTHER THINGS JUST TO UPDATE. Come on Mark Zuckerberg... You Can Do Better. It says 26.25 MB... But no, it takes up NEARLY A GIGABYTE. COME ON. I am uninstalling and just using the browser version. @Kimberly Tennyson, we have the same phone.
I can't upload my complete picture on my profile picture it ask's to crop even if i don't want crop n there is no option of adding place on my picture after uploading if want to edit again. Thank you.
Tite
Don't get on FB every day but when I do there's plenty of posts to go through. After scrolling and reading for a few minutes I click on a comment, a link, click the like button, whatever it is the app scrolls all the way back to the top! Make it stop! ! !
The list is cumbersome but it starts with the fact that this app needs literally unlimited access to my private content and ends with the fact that Facebook browsing experience in a browser is simply pathetic and hence the helplessness to use this app
Its really great because you can find you friends here 
New update takes forever to load.  I'm so disappointed in Facebook.
FB kept shutting itself off when I'd open it. So I uninstalled it then tried to reinstall it now it won't install at all. Flippin done and rediculous!!
Great
Emily I
Hey Facebook, can I get the newsfeed in CHRONOLOGICAL order???
What a pain in the you know what. It grants it's self permission to almost everything you have. BEFORE USING make sure you go through every setting possible and shut down the ones you don't want to share with the world. The latest update starts video clips automatically. If you don't disable this it will use all your data.
I love facebook. Keep up the awesome work.
It keeps telling me my password is wronge l have changed it four times. If you want me to us this fix it.
I love used to love this App. But when you want me to install the messenger, my phone starts going crazy. It freezes especially when facebook is ALWAYS updating. Can't you just make an updates once a month? Thanks.
Very slow and it hangs to much and shut downs it self
i can't open my account.. please help..
Nice update
Great
Hate the new update. I always use the most recent feed. With the new update, you have to go to another feed to access notifications and messages, where on the prior version it was accessible on the most recent feed tab.
Ezu Oscar
After the last update it just shuts down when trying to post
Can't replay comments
Good
Love it
Marvelous,.a work of art
Frequent crashes. Poor UI. And now they want you to download a separate app just to view your messages. If all my friends weren't on this then I wouldn't even bother with Facebook.
Too invasive.
App keeps freezing and involuntarily closing. Fix it. Galaxy S4 btw.
Boss g
Force Closing
nice to use
FaceBook
Love it
Its not good it has a million things that need addressing I cant even enjoy it without it not rssponding or forcing closed waiting or reporting fix all apps
Better do than done
Not impressed with this at all, it keeps saying It can't load my news feed on a very regular basis, even though my phone has unlimited data and all my other apps and Internet all work fine, also I think the fact you have to download a separate messenger to read your own inbox messages is absolutely ridiculous, FIX IT.
Arigato!!! But messenger installation is needed, why? No privacy on private message (inbox) anymore.. feels annoying
Mali boo
The apps is cool but runs slow
Generally,  I love fb. It's a good way to pass the time but some of the changes suck! I hate how big the app is, it's not cool about the messenger thing (I don't want the live chat head thing popping up) and I don't like that I don't get to see everything from people and pages that I like. Just feel like we're being controlled.  Also, for some reason, if I go between my calender and my fb app none of the pictures in my news feed are displayed. It's kinda frustrating to be honest.
Facebook
To much privacy breeches for me. Id love to not just rate the fucking piece of junk
Good
App takes up too much  phone space on smaller phones.
Great
It wont install on my sony xperia e1 it keeps saying inconpatable update
I really just don't care foe Facebook.
It use to be fun reading what I wanted to read,  now fb is doing it for me. Too much space
Is the best
Amazing
Fb app
Ex
Big Reda aka foxxy brown
Its the best wow
Every time I'm on my news feed it freezes than it unfreeze ... Can u fix that
Adictive..:-)
Takes up to much space
Nice update. But the new update for pc  is lititle  lagger
Yes I accree its take much space
Not good
Fast nice
Why doesn't it show post in news feed in time order. Why is stuff from last week before i5minutes ago.  Can't you have a separate feed to show top stories.
Facebook
Hayssss
Kumal
This constantly crashes causing me to uninstall the install it again!
I hate being forced to download this stupid messenger app. No privacy!!!
Great
The widget is very poor with functionality and need to be dynamic. The widget for facebook should be at least like in case of symbian belle operating system .Kindly improve the widget for facebook and also provide an homescreen widget for messenger through which users can see online friends list in home screen and start conversation.I could never see any improvement over widget for FB app.But I like the way latest update is with new interface and smooth performance.
Privacy killer
This is my favorite aplication., good job fb,.
its okey ig.
I feel as if its awesome and lame at the same time. You see I cant stand that I need messenger to see messages.
It takes up way to much room and now we NEED the messenger app it just gets worse and worse
I don't think facebook should be recording my personal conversations, taking video, or digging into my contacts to sell that info to other companies... it is an unnecessary invasion of my privacy as well as the unfortunate victims in my contacts. Read the permissions people they can do alot more than what I just mentioned.
Good app but way to nosey
Mata de Facebook de cacat nu merita nici o stea
Take up to much space n get download no games can this b fix
Maneiro
It keeps closing the app when i try to look at things on my tab 3 10.1
Keeps on kicking me out when I search.
Its a good app for me but the problem is this app took so much my phone storage and always running so slow,pls fix it
Nonstop. Android.
......
Why does it kick off when in trying to use facebook
Awesome Software for us
Swagg
Ok
Jamil
Love me an my family
Took so much space on my phone.
I like
not that useful.anymore
too big... 100mb+ after update come on...
For some reason, I can't reload my Facebook page. It's just not showing me the latest feeds anymore. This suck! :(
Just had to reinstall this app it still opens and then shuts down...totally useless! :(
Would have given more but, every time I get on my fb app it ends up shutting down after a few minutes. Please fix or I will uninstall!
good moning my all friend
BETTER
cool app
Y
Just wakin. Up Fr work .
Motorola
I really2 love it
Fantastic site
Shreef munda
If u want to send msg u also need messenger hmmmmmm so sad
Wap
I don't like this app
I hate this app u suck facebook
they hide posts by assuming you don't want to see them, and the forcing the use of a separate app check messages sucks. and its huge. they took away a big function and made it bigger
Issue with update but apart from that is a really good app recommend it to every one
It's really nice
Kewl
I
Video calling inbuilt .Then no 1   Thanks app. Team
Its taking too much space
Won't post my videos.  Says it's uploading for hours. When I try to post a video I end up having to unistall and reinstall the app just to get the uploading notification off my phone.  And my things keep kicking back into newsfeed even if no one liked or commented on it.
Way better
Probably one of the best .sn. apps
Mostly its stuck!!! Says "No intetnet connection ", while my connection is working pretty fine
it cool and I love this app
Love it
Itz taking too much space ...bullshit.
I don't think Facebook should have access to all of my phone. I don't want Facebook to read my text messages or be able to access my microphone at any time. I can't turn this off. I did not update for the longest time because of this. Then it updated with out my permission. I can't believe that people let there privacy be invaded in this way.
Fbook
Forces you to get messenger why do I want two fb apps
One of the best apps on the store
hidupku hanya untuk orang yg paling ku cinta dan ku sayang
Amanda
HELLO CHAOUKI MOHAMED CASA
Getting their. Finally delete, edit etc not happy with the memory usage though it's a crazy amount for one app even when not running it's still using stupid amounts
I'm on level 469 and it won't connect me on to face book. Can Somebody help me, it's been over a week. . ..
Great
Keeps crashing
It's slow, logs out on its own and freezes. You would think when they update the app, these problems would get fixed. My other apps work great! Even with a new phone, this app still sucks. This is the only app I have that doesn't work properly.
Nice
Using acer A700 , no network connection error ocuurs again and again .
Facebook is part of my life
The messenger app is so retarded. Get rid of it and I'll give 5 stars.
Loved it
Amszing app
Takes up major space, no privacy settings for pictures, no customizable themes, then we have to use a separate app for messages (an app that steals your personal info, uh no thanks).... Either you fix these issues or I will be deleting my facebook account asap. ITS MAJOR BS
It kept forcing close... I rather use da web.
fb is getting boring
nt good app as it does nt wrk properly
My favorite
Very nice
It's not fast....!
good one
shoot
Very nic
Don't like my privacy being taken for granted or having to use messenger app. Stupid.
Like it
Fb app sucks
Updated version taking too much space. Plz fix this
I like it
I agree
Wow so good
Wat a nice apps
bok
This app uses about 77% of my cpu and overheats the entire phone. Un-installed.
Stops responding..freezes my note2 up
If you want to see your messages and you don't have FB messenger.... Just log on thru the web browser and you can check your messages thru there .... By the way I like the old version of FB better... Takes up too much space now Uugghh
The inclusion of sharing greatly improves the utility of this app.   It's  unfortunate that making chat a separate app hasn't reduced bloat at all.
No new look its still same
Use to be good however with each update it has more issues. This last update...horrible. So many glitches. I know ya'll work hard and offer this for free  and that's kind but if it just gets worse then free doesn't matter. 
I need time line
Pls.  Fix it,, then i'll give it 5 star
You know, the Facebook creator made alot of money, the most money from his company than anyone else other than Microsoft, Google and Apple as they are far more ahead. I think MIGHT BE SELLING OUR INFORMATION as he had gotten very rich very quickly once all these privacy-invading changes of permission happened
Anjeli
The bombdiggity
100mb and growing app that can't be moved from internal storage or deleted on a phone with only 300mb internal memory
Love to keep in touch with friends xx
FB app has access to your cameras microphone. It can add and remove anything from ur usb and sd card. Use ur phone calls costing u money edit/delete/txts the list is endless FB messanger is worse. Im greatfull for app lock! Ha try nd get into my private phone now morons!!!!! Lol
he is stoped installing on 93
Good
Doesn't work on my Samsung Galaxy Tab 3
Evertime i open ur app its always error loading even if i use wifi or data connection and the sgnal is good still error fix ur app please
Says incompatible update and now I can't get it
As nice ss it is
Full installed and and space promble
Its good but I dont like people I do not now to frend me
Lots of poeple make requests on here for things....ethier you are not seeing these comments or you dont really care what people request....most recent should be default in news feed....app is getting too big...and a seperate app for messages is not good again too much memory consumed. ...there comes a time when buying a better phone will not happen anymore
Du
sehr gи╣t  <3
nice one
Don't like the idea of having to install another separate app for chatting with my FB Friend's. Smh, I can't upload anything to my cell already and now this must on the Messenger feature is frustrating. Grrr.  =;/
It takes too much space. And also I have to install messenger before I can chat. If it can be reduced.
good .. nice
Good job guys... :-)
That AMAZING
Put the older version I can't edit and I don't need to install messenger to chat I dislike it!
Good
The great way to find people
When I open fb app and try to red my messages he tel me"sorry we are moved over to messenger "Hhhhhhhhhhhhhhh please try to fixed I don't wanna have a messenger I just wanna normal fb like the old one
Great thanks for the people who you love...
After bunch of updates, now the app can do its job.
Nice
Nowadays Facebook not only a communication way but also a parts of life. I can't pass a day without Facebook.....
If u love fb den u must have it
Rubbish
Give me back my messages and shrink the size of the actual app 160+MB is a little much F- F- F- F-
Bogs down and hard to control
Totally hate how I have to download messenger to get messages. Find that ridiculous. And also hate how they are switching s*** up all the time. For all and all I love being able to connect with all of my family
Won't let me log in
This new update does not allow me to watch videos on people's pages and everytime I try. It says it's unavailable. My timeline won't load, it's says unable to load timeline. I'm very displeased and I'm just about to delete FB off my phone.
Chen
Acabo de descargar la и▓ltima actualizaciиоn y no funciona! Siempre que trato de iniciar sesiиоn se bloquea el telижfono y cuando logro entrar se sale solo y no puedo entrar de nuevo.
It's an update,  not a docudrama series!!!!  Over 4 minutes and not even at  50% downloaded????   Really,  I have more than enough space,  and I end up with garbage.
It keeps running in the background even if you killed it few mins back. iPhone app supports external links to open within Facebook app. It should be the same for android.
Splendid
Hate it, useless and boring app.
Nice app
Cool
Masudrana9999
All is well
Sometimes It stop then I should to unistall it then I install it again.. :( But It good because I talk to my Friends from other places.. :)
Like it
Better since the update!
I really like this app it is easy to use. ....
Messenger has to go
App is glitchy, photos don't seem to upload or send when they actually have. App freezes randomly for no reason or hangs. Lack of ability to edit/delete comments. BAD USER END EXPERIENCE, (unreliable usability)
Hey
Erin
The best
The app was workng fine untill previous update ....when i update it i open it nd it does not opens nd force closes .plz fix it ..this update does not even deserve a star!!
Just why cant i have most recent sorting on newsfeed? Why must i dig through a menu to do it?
I try to upload more than one photos in the single post to my friends wall but I can only post one photo...it's a pain
Shakil123
Getting used to it but still wish  Most Recent feed was easier to get to.
Facebook stop trying to update i do not want it!!!!!! Stop it!!!! Stop it!! Stop it!!! F-ing stop it!!!! I do not, do not, do not want the F-ing update!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Takes a bit too much space and takes forever to load
Nice!
Good site
I ame downloading this app for my girlfriend
To slow loading needs to be streamlined
But make it more like the iphone layout and keeps freezing.
Love it
Nnnnn
I just had sex with a chicken wrap.
This app is just too huge....20.something MB...no texting...make it user friendly....!!!
This app is getting out of hand. I had to delete it to make space so I could use other apps. Still lacking basic functions while being massive and taking up most of the phones memory. By the biggest app on my phone. What's going on behind the scenes?
Uninstalled as couldnt download new app now it wont let me re-install. Why??? Never had this trouble before!! Put it back to how it used to be!!
good for world
Now it just flat out doesn't work!
Osam
So much Ram
I have loved Facebook since day 1 that I started using it. Ya have fun as well. The Kat
Please iam finding it difficult to download my Facebook why? Pls help.
Its works for wat its needed for yall could definitely do more updates.
Ok
Facebook apps helps a lot! Thanks..
I love it
Day3 wa2tak
I can't add a near location to my posts, like "near Reading,  Pennsylvania"
Don't use it..have to constantly force it to stop
Y cant u see all the nearby event on the new update ?
I love my personality, that is whom i am,I dont care about what they say about me
New update freezes wit droid razr maxx hd
Love it
Very good
Videos aren't uploading in HD.
V
For android phone it just frezzes up amd you have to eaot to scroll too slow for android
Always changing and confusing. App lags and takes long time to respond to commands or touch. Uses nearly 200mb of space. Compulsory messenger and permissions not necessary.
This new version of facebook is very bad always not responding it keeps me irritated
I deleted it because they can access everything and anything in my phone. Don't believe me look at privacy settings.
It uses too much RAM memory even when only the service to receive push notifications is active; video player is slow; it randomly logs out and I lose all joins between facebook contact and phone ones.
It freezes all the time. I have to close it and come back later ti be able to use it
Try removing the report feature instead and let dem block contents or people they do not like because some of dem are not sensible either that or stop kicking people off when they are reported tht is annoying garbage.
...
Looks cooler than the previous versions..  Loved it.
Very useful n awesome app
Fantas
Too good
tangail
It sucks
mast hai
I don't understand why they need access to all your information and why they always updating every two days. This app sucks!
It's as good as it seems
Great app just takes up to much space on the phone
good
Poor functionality and high CPU usage
Facebook sucks a**
Love this app
For the  best way to find friends.
The lack of attention to detail is very apparent.  The only thing you can say is , it works more or less for most things.
.
After about 15 seconds it crashes.
Takes so much space and emojis don't appear !
It keeps force closing.  Says fb is not responding.  Hopefully the update will fix that.  We'll see....
Good xellence
Facebook is a brilliant way to keep in touch with family and friends.
Newest update is so frustrating. 20++seconds needed just to open this app from a fresh boot? Same thing happens whenever  i need to close and reopen it for some multitasking.Never have this problem with previous version.  My phone aint laggy, for god sake, it is nexus5! Hello? Android-Run-Time (ART) phone here, ring any bell??
Supper
Best app ever
Super
Good app
Another erosion of civil liberties.
I can't watch fb videos since last update not very happy
Facebook
It awesome
You guys need to take away messenger! It shouldn't be MANDATORY, IT SHOULD BE OPTIONAL
NOLKOSH
New update sucks. I don't want to see stuff from weeks ago, I want to see stuff from today. Whoever keeps making these 'improvements' should have been fired years ago, each 'improvement' has been worse. Bring back the messaging feature
Yyyy the best
Owsum.
Cool
Bring it seems to have no credit its freaking awesome
Luv app
When it's not broken, Facebook seems to want to fix it!!
Conects ppl dats it
Face book
Have had Facebook for like 3 years and had no problem so if u want to meet your relatives or share thing to your friends then i highly recommend it to anyone.
For no effin reason :(
Easy app. Works very lekker
Sweet
Cool

Nice app
Nice
Fast easy way to connect to the world....luv it..!
Backdeck.
I love Facebook I'm on it all of the time
Best Social App Ever
Why does it take up 167MB of my storage?
You take so much space and a forcing update like every week and can't use the chat without you forcing us to download the app??  U used to be nice!
Hate that you have to download messenger to talk to people on Facebook...
Locking up my phone
All seem great!
Please fix this, after up dated, i can't get on my messages and can't get on my page or send anything!!.
Sucks! Always says loading never actually loads. Doesn't work on wifi either
Really resent being forced to use this app. It's invasive on my screen. Stopped enjoying Facebook, especially messenger a long time ago.
Poor form on removing the ability to private message and having to install fb messager to do so. What a stupid idea. Also Fb messager has even worse privacy controls and permissions.

it was so wonderful
Love it
0526799171
The new setup is a piece of junk I don't like the way its setup so I give it a one until the fix the app now it keeps freezing and won't let me scroll past the first few posts
7777777e
Collects too much data and controls everything too much.
Love
You should really do code reviews and testing before you release software. Bunch of half-assed hacks...!
Jus so u ppl know it make u use the messager and the messager gets accessible to all of ur photos on ur phone with out ur concent and can record u with out ur concent at any time they are taking waways ur freedom of privacy
Please add Video downloading feature on next version.....Thank
For the sake of common sense (which you guys lack), please make the news feed chronological order. Popular stories is such a terrible idea and those stories (post) aren't even popular. Do yourselves a favor.. If you want to seem competent, then put news feed in order! Also a person who isn't even a friend on here still shows up like I can chat with them.
Saaley khatey
Nice
Please can we have an app that doesn't frequently gyp out?
Love it
Deleted the app by accident & Now the app takes up so much space that iits the only app I have and it says Low on space. Please fix it. Another is sometimes I dont get notified that I got a message or something. Fix please.
Naice app
VERY unhappy with the app at the moment. Notifications appear or don't based on how the gods decide (I don't give a s#$@ if some random friend with whom I have never exchanged a single word added a photo a few days ago). I want the chat back in the main app since that was the most useful feature. I don't want to install two apps for one purpose with both of them slowing down my tablet so that it basically becomes unusable. Battery life went down from about 7hrs usage to 5 with fb and messenger. It sucks
Gooooooooooooood ap ;-)
Very good social app
Arif
Face book
I last used the Facebook app a year ago, and thought I would give it a second chance, to see if it got any better.  I cannot even log in. I have a Nexus 5. It should not struggle with this app.  How can this app have got WORSE since I last wrote I wanted to give 0 stars?!   Negative 5 stars. Would absolutely not recommend.
It takes forever to install and takes up toooooooo muchh space to be honest
Nice
Best
Very wonderful and accommodating
What has happened???? Latest update causing crashing every time I try top open on my android???? Please fix
Fix freezing for Galaxy 5 already!
Ali
Good

Very good
Good n fast
I have no more storage space and u expect us to install an app or we cant have a private chat!?! Why??!?
Like it
Much better
Fu
Sometimes it's hanging. All features not supported.
Prettylyn
As occupies high space hence runs a little slower
Mxm, taking too long
Thumbs up!
Nice
You should work on the space of this app.You should think and work on compressing this app as much as you can and secondly i hate that its mandatory to install messenger to use chat..
Awesome
Facebook
E
Thanks
Good way to keep in touch
Joined Facebook 4 days ago and have about 10 friends
Good
It's a great app except that I'm not able to message anyone by just simply using this app alone. Hate to install another app just to view messages.  It's a hassle going to a computer just to see messages rather than being able to view it on my FACEBOOK APP.  It always has errors feeding on the page. It's been giving me more n more problems.
Causes other apps to close
I love it its too gud bit some times it hangup so plz do some thing thnks .
Good
Wonderful
Better
Good
Better
To commits. Frends
good!
My password is suppose to be logged in always I can't get the code you sent me, there are ures names I don't know. This is a on going problem every since I've had this tablet from Verizon I can't give anymore information about me  unless you want my life history ?
It opens for a second and then it closes
Has a hard time loading pictures... And I'd appreciate the "flick to exit" feature for the pictures, like the one on iOS.
Social Media
I have fun talk to old freinds
B-)
I can't seem to connect to Candy Crush thru Face Book. That is very frustrvating!
That way I wouldn't feel like I sold my soul every time I used it.
Great work on the update. Thanks.
Very
Undescribebal
Cool
Is good
A great way to keep up with friends and family. Not liking the tracking or monitoring of us made by the company/government however.
Nothing
Its an app which dont need any description even a child can describe its beauty....
Ufft 1 billion downloads 
It takes up too much space when I don't want it to update, it already took 236MB with 112MB left on my internal storage card however, a great app still.
Messenger was a big flope :p
It says every time u don't have enough space    Older ver says that unfortunately ur facebook have stopped report it
It get slow sometimes
New improve look is impressive..
Everyone needed
Haven't used it yet on this phone but I love it..
Thank u Fb for your inadequate services, just kick out people because hype monkeys report u great idiots just great.also u proved to me ur services are wonderful waiting over 15min to receive login code thank u for your garbage.
Love
Loved it
Love it
I guess it is good a Lil
Plz Change ur news feed to Most recent nd Top stories option.. i always get news feeds abt 4 to 10 days before post.. Plzz fix it.. Or bring old version that was best... I m very Disappointed By ur new version.. Plzz do It I m uninstalling this app.. It sucks
Bad app, too large
Bakwas dhela....
Fine..
Mohd.hashim shaikh
I don't see the point of having all personal info needed by the app. Hello government control...
Fun
Amazing app
Excellent
Connection with old friends I thought I would never hear from again!

Zahirul
Takes up to much space and messenger
It was JUST FINE !! Then, you BROKE it again!! FACEBOOK, STOP SCREWING THINGS UP !!!!!!!!!!!
It works when it wants to
Loved this review
Facebook app takes much space from dvice space please solve this problem to use this app better
Story and update
Very good work to this
The app doesn't work well... has a lot of lag and I can't really find a way for some apps to stop posting even after i have uninsalled it and de authorised it
Nicee
Cool
Did the update.. it sucks
Exilent
I can't update the latest Facebook ever since I upgraded my e1 plz I love Facebook and would love if you fixed this bug/thing thnxs then I will give it the 5 stars it use to have
I like it
Nice. ..
It's. ...simple.  ....gd...bt some times it's nt responding. .....
Its really awesome
Nice to use
Assume!!!@@@@!
Birthday of my friends not getting updated in my calendar of phone Xperia Z1.If no improvement done will uninstall the application...
Ok
Good
Super social network
Amazing
So good
Not bad.
Not good
De nuevo tengo que instalar el puto Messenger
You took a feature we use in fb and now you want me to install another app to get it back? Well Mark, you suck...
Still need chat! And I wish I could reply to notifications in the app, not just a link to the browser..
Jd
God is good
Friends forever
I could get along with friends in short span of time by dint of its haste performance...so good enough to install such nifty app.
:-)
Best vilification .Recent by default
intalls until it ses installing facebook but then otomaticly it stop the update
Hate that they took out messages forcing you to download they're VERY annoying messenger app.
Now I cannot see the top bar that shows the friend requests, messages, and updates when I'm in Most Recent. What is so bad about wanting Most Recent as a default?
wow!!!!!
I think it's ridiculous how everybody is coming to find out Facebook can access your contacts camera, pictures videos and also record videos at the same time kind of a sneaky dirty way of doing things but that's what this world is coming too I guess a bunch of nosy idiots..
Good
Its too slow dam ....
Like
Facebook
AWFUL AWFUL AWFUL
Rm1/hari
,
Same fbook huge size & without messages??? Bullshit
Great  facebook
FACEBOOK
One
Its nice but for me the older one was better than this
Daddy's home
I like it
Its awesome ...
sabo
Why I can't reposition my cover photo :@
It asked to install messenger.I hate it.acts like a local app
Very nice app
Rahima
yuji  heromurzo
Nani
I love it
I like it
Nyc app connects frndz :)
Wow!! ^^
Gud
Consome mais memoria RAM que qualquer outro App.
has improved a  lot..  but sometimes the STOP NOTIFICATION doesn't work and its not available in all section
Someone special
M.D.MANSURI
I've had to uninstall it cos it just stopped. According to phone apps it's uninstalled but according to playstore it's still installed but won't let me in. Waste of time. Messenger wants to take all your details on your phone so I install to read messages and then uninstall. Fed up of Facebook!  Rubbish app!
Very nice
Clifford tebatso
I luv fb always
Love
Yes
Takes for ever and this sucks and spasie dit vreet alles op
Very good speed
Beautiful
good
Ever since the update, any video in my news feed will not load. And it will freeze up the entire app. Videos WILL play on all other apps on my device. FB is the only one with this problem
Regret uninstalling it!
Ss
Nice app
Still need improve in updating images and sharing photos .. And also Time line view
Bloated, useless app. I'll be accessing it from my browser from now on, thanks for nothing Facebook.
Excellent service
Facebook
Yet to experience it myself. But I know its useful.
Awesome
ok
i want to keep it on my mob but it takes too much space even my device work very slow plz fix this
Facebook
Good
It has no problems at all!!!!! I like it
It takes much space........n my cell works slow
Ever since I updated it constantly freezes on my phone.
GOD  BLESS  ME
Zach
Good
Forcing meh to download messenger
Very nice app
facebook
None of Facebook's business what im writing to people or what I gave in my phone.You just lost someone who used you a million times a day
Good
Pantas
my friends on my facebook account did to me spoilers about Teen Wolf so now i hate facebook stop with the spoilers people not cool not cool at all i hate everbody!!!!!!!
Very good apps
Soooooooooo frustrated with this app!!!!!! I will NOT install messenger because I don't trust it!!!! This app sucks!!!
What a application wow so nice me really using it as hardly.
Its cool
Would of gave 5 stars but needs to be able to see new updates not last tuesdays
I like
Ever since the new update, Facebook keeps force closing and I cannot actually do anything. I scroll a little bit down my news feed and then BAM! It closes on me. Fix it and MAYBE I'll change the rating.
Good Time spent
When I upgrade my androids all my apps become slow..what happen,is that system had a problem?
best
i want to old version
The new features are horrid and I hate that you need to have messenger.
Cabdala
First, messenger should have stayed in-app. I won't download a second app (I'll just stick to the browser version).  Second, this version of fb is ridiculous. Constantly getting "not responding" or it force closes. I am only downloading fb because i need it for game log-in.
Very good.
Nice app but takes too much space and quite slow
Swa
Very nice
I have not been able to refresh the news feed in the app since the update.
Rainbow
cant download  my sdcard is 8GB but it says that there is no insufficient storage.
This is such a good app
Thanks
Not enough space here to grill this app. Top  two issues....separate messenger app (you're kidding, right?) and now news feeds don't update while at the same time not allowing to scroll very far back.
This app is nice time passing....
Privacy Act. It can access your phone information, from contacts to cameras & other apps on the phone...
Nice
How can people reply to comments?? And everything we upload should come in full hd!! Fix it
Dis is s wonderful apps
five star
Facebook
After the most recent update, the app just closes on it's own at random?
Good
Removal of messenger was a bad decision.
Lobe it!!!!
New update is really fuck**g boree
No
Mdero
Facebook became part of my social life.....And with out the fb there is nothing to do anything!!
i updated my app now my newsfeed dont load.... garbage app now ...smh.. fix it or it will b deleted!!!
Please make it on light mode that can be switch anytime to the full mode
Bravo!!
Never tried it befor
After the lst. Update I wasn't able to log in. I had to uninstall
It very useful to easy use
Fine bhai
Day by day its becomin poor. 3stars .. :-|
I like it
Can't logout when I am offline.the size of the app has been doubled to 66 mb.always using up the ram  even though I am not using the app. I can't  see people who liked the comments.
Its OK shaa
SANJIB NAYAK
My sosial
I loved this aap
I absolutely hate th messaging update, the app takes up enough space as it is the having to download a messenger on top of that, is nonsense! !
When we want to download a video and click it , there is nothing pop up to choice for download is come out and playing is start at this Version.
Update fb app is very low class bt last updation is very cool nd havng paid five star
Best
Good Good
it a good app
It's awesome!
Lllll
Very good fast
I have used for so many years,good apps.
Did not
Video not working
(1) I detest you guys for having to split Messenger from Facebook app (and NO, I would NEVER install Messenger); (2) FB app have horrible problems on posting and maintaining notes (and don't tell me you're planning to develop FB Notes App O.o)
easy to apply
Hopeless
Malik
Eats a lot of ram :/
Not working new version dabba waste worthless waste of time
Global relationship
Good app
it just freeze my phone and pack up my ram ,prefer a facebook lite just simple share read and comment
Hang and so slow
People you need to start reading what kind of permission your giving to Facebook to download this app.  I encourage you to go look it up!  It's scary!
Dos. Tres.  Se la rifaaa pero le. Falta muchoo. Todavикa ....
j
In just a second a notification from my network pop up saying "you have used up your internet allocation" please fix it
L llpl
Why does it need this much space now?
I like it but the only thing i don't like,is ,when im trying to upload a picture some how it don't work fix the bug,ALSO NOT A SMART APP,FIX FIX FIX
Hoooray!
Danial shah
Tamil
Love
basantsahu
Gud aps
Facebook no longer allows me to use facebook Messenger without having to download a second app! And they are constantly asking for more permission, they can basically see everything on your phone anymore.
Best social media..great to do ads for your business..
Do I really need another app for messaging?
App
Very upset with the recent updates. It's not a user friendly app.. very tricky to understand.. no options for news feed notification on the go!! Unbelievable.!
Nice
No space. Need messenger to even view messages. Keeps kicking me off. Never see the most recent on my newsfeed. I have uninstalled the app completely because I will no longer be dealing with all these problems. Wish I could give 5 stars but that will most likely never happen. Thanks anyway.
Takes up to much space
I like it
That's my favorite app
I like it..
Henden
Facebook
Live
good
Chidanand Biradar
Ranjikhatua
That's were you find everone
Excellent
Takes so much space. And troyblesome with messenger. I would i could  vote 0 star
So slowly and sometime not responding for android
Getting a little better.
Can't upload photos without restarting phone, unable to edit, now have to have a separate app just for emails, and don't receive notifications....except for the ones I don't want like games invites. Using Kit Kat for Android Please fix this.
Great job
My sd card is total empty but still cant install app its still showing not enough space sucks
But !! It takes  so many space
The last few updates have really made this app suck.  I am using the mobile site instead of this.
Fix issues with app it loads slow and pull on battery to much stop getting phone number that not your business
Becoz not smartest
I often using it everytime i surf :) i love fb
Bahut Achhi Hai Face Book Humay Doston Say Milati Hai.Bhul Jayain Agar Birthday To Yaad Bhi Kerwati Hai!
App is so slow & cover too much space.
Good
The app takes so much space and eats on our data. Take notice for once. It seems nobody is doing anything!
I have loved my experience on Facebook.
Very useful
So hevy and not smart..
We have been forced to install messenger although it was unnecessary! So much space is needed for fb and messenger!
Gruesome failure...
Loved it
Mrs
Pooorrr ... Juss hated it
Not very user friendly. Shows top stories only n not most recent one
instering
Buddh
Good
Doesnt make sense
Updated and it crashes all the time
Loved it really like all do
Lovely
Forcing us to use messenger app. Unify don't bloat. So crap.
Your Facebook app doesn't work right now. It needs to be fixed. It keeps closing, and doesn't want to load pages.
For me, this app takes a lot of power to run and still performs poorly
Julie
Good to use and simple
Good
Awesome update, .
bgte
Need improvements!
Most of the times Facebook does not respond or opens very late.
It lags a lot .. and it shows facebook isnt responding
Love it
It drains battery life
Awesome
This nonsense app just eats my memory up n makes my mob slow! I hate this to thecore. Scrap this app n get a life!
I'd this
For an older version
I love it., so fix on My using phone Samsung Galaxy Y young GT-S5360
I like the Facebook and share pictures video calls ......avi
Facebook
Fb
Bajenlo y gozar!
This app needs the most recent tab back
I
The new layout is bs,  I hate it,  please change back to the old one..can't watch videos and taking up to much space smh, wtf irritated
Videos wont play on sony experia
I love you Facebook
Good
Its fast and free and its awesome app.its.consume data pack and phone storage.not At all.but good app like ti..
I would zero star if I could. Facebook won't play videos on a 3g connection only through WIFI while You Tube works fine over 3g and so does Facebook mobile. The Android app sucks!!!!!!!
R
Runs get on my phone
I can only upload pictures from my gallery, instead of other folders . annoying
All of the updates I have installed in the past week and my fb still says everything ever happened "just now". Needs to get fixed badly!!! Been doing it for over a week now!
VERY GOOD.
Why would you force us to use your spying facebookchat app? Disgusting
Chiru
Owesome
Too goddam slow
Make this app to move in sd card
Since I do 99.9% of my facebooking from my phone,  I've missed several very important messages - not sure why we need an "other" folder
This app takes up too much space and consumes a lotta battery :/ PLEASE FIX?
It is the best way to be in contact wd ur relatives, friends and acquintances
Its good
This is a nightmare... Keep shutting itself up, eating too much of the space & eating too much of my data usage... Btw....stop asking me to install the messenger...
awesome
Wont stop crashing after update!
nice
Best app but no any girl reply for post
It takes up too much space having to use two apps for one stupid site
Freezes every time I try to scroll past a video in my feed (Android). Plus now you have to download a new app for Messenger when the FB install is already HUGE?
Tnx is not crashing or lagging But SO GOOD APP
The new updates are awful! It freezes up and causes the app to close. The video play back crashes the app. Not to mention using the app kills my battery . Fix these problems.
Plz fix the bugs cant save photos frm messages !!
Very nice apps.
It takes lots of space and messenger is irritating.
I like the own facebook design and this facebook design looked not good for me . Now , it have the messager problem , while open message inside the facebook , it make my phone more lagging. Suck !
I love this app but u cant send messages with out installing the facebook messagener why is that?? Crazyy and it would be greatful if u can change it back ti the old one!
V
Rate me
Kkkkkkkkk gggggggooooodddddd
Facebook App is frequently sluggish. Do not like having to install Messenger App.
Review star only 5star..........  always touch our friendsssss
Inbox & messenger haven't worked for days. Keeps saying waiting to connect, news feed works just not inbox
Good
big & blue
go go go !!
Thanks for all
Nice
Awsome app. You can play games even
Yea
Had to uninstall to get update and now I can't install period!!!! Total nonsense!!!
I like it
Update actually made it worse! My timeline wouldn't load.. And when it does, it must've been a blue moon. Can you guys PLEASE fix this?
It fb what else to say
Communication
Watch tv shows
Symbolisation
I was just thinking installing facebook in mobile will be bad when I had installed it what do you think my answer reeeeaaaalllllyyyy awwwweeeesssssooooommmmmeeee(really awesome)
supper app
Nice
Ooogh
The most important thing I want is for my main feed to be the most recent. Now you don't have a choise. Yeah, you can see the most recent but if you hit back too many times your back with Facebook's random feed. Utter crap, avoid this version.
Friends forever
Why is facebook super slow now? It takes too much space. I like the old one better.
I love Facebook, but the fact that you have to download the messenger just to get your messages really sucks. Plus it uses up a lot of mobile data.
Slow
This Is actually nice.. well.. if u got the right kind of phone
I do use  note 2. So I don't  really  have any  problem  with  the  space but  I don't  like  the  messenger app  as  it's  not  good..  4 stars  that  to for  fb only  coz  its  kinda  addiction  to meh...  Come on  u guys  come  up  with  something  good ..  Then  5 stars  for u guys..
M F B
you can connect to your friends world wide.!
Easiest way to keep in touch with friends.
Satisfactory
Bla bla bla space what the heck eish worst app
Got hang by itself..
Always timing out. Hate it
Super
Laags
I am nora topais
I just go on for pictures and convocations with close friends. But it's good
Bebo
Loved it
5 stars
Not bad
Nice apps
The worst update for this app ever! Ive used it for years and this is by far the most irritating! Slow loading, if at all.
Very nice app
I don't like how it has so much access to your phone, able to record audio or video whenever it wants, take pictures without approval, and modify your contacts and SIM card data.
I was very happy with the in-built messenger.
Very well
do you want me. Get it now
Needs to.follow actual timeline

Good
Ya
Always am connected
Why not face embeded the Messanger,instead nding seperate....
Awesome
Love it
it's very nice
good app
JJ
I don't want to be forced into getti g a bad app that sucks, takes up too much space, drains my battery and has acsess to my camera! Stop trying to force me to get it, the messenger app isn't any good in my opinion, please, please let me message people without it :(
Picture clarity is superb.
K
A fun way to keep up with aquaintances,friends and family.
Very nice app
Had an ala app
Delete it , xeraka day!
Like Set up
Good
Fantastic
Nice
Nice aap
Unusable.   I'm sick of top stories. Sick of not being able to control who and what I see on MY PAGE.  Notifications don't work.  Your improvements have ruined facebook, which in a way is good because I have a lot of free time now that I no longer look at it. It is shocking to me that you claim a four star rating for this app.  Every review I see is negative.
Awsome app
Its amazing
I love face book so much its the best
I see updates every week and sometimes every second day!! Why does its size increase with every update?
Usman
Doesn't run smoothly and keeps hanging
Hari2 yg mwmbosan kan
It takes a lot of space on my mobile nd once u uninstalled it is difficult to reinstall
Its slow,it reminds me at its own time abt ppls birthday.i cnt edit o delete my comments n status..it take soooo much space...bt i like da way i upload photos
Hey facebook, maybe you never heard of this or maybe your just to stupid to apply it Facebook itself. It is called K.I.S.S. some say its Keep It Short and Sweet, but in your case it's Keep It Simple Stupid. Why are you trying to improve on things that don't even have a proper foundation. Start with the basics then concern yourself with improvements. The only reason im redownloading this to my phone is to help advertise various friends businesses and events. Without these obligations I wouldnt download this.
Rocknnn
The newest update keeps freezing/crashing. Tried to reinstall but still has the problems. Very frustrating.
Ok
It always locks up. The new layout is horrible. I would have never updated this app.
Coz after minimizing the app i am not showing online to my frnd
It's constantly closing on me. I can't post r realy do much this point
soo cool
Facebook social networking site very very very very. ...... nice
It's nice
Fac
The app. is too big and consume space a lot. we are in a modernized world so why don't u modernize it to become smaller. secondly it is an interesting app. but it's  boring to users and u like updates too much and the most annoying thing is that it can sometimes two minutes to open just a page and that's bullshit. I will advice u to render better and quality services to your users if can't be the best social media and stop that update today, update tomorrow. so for now I will give one star until u change.
Google.. Pls give option to give 0 stars..
Super
Get in....
Boooo
Very good
Facebook updates keep screwing up.  More of my photos have gone missing, location should be off but now on, can't seem to be able to change news feed settings....and BTW it is not faster and easier when these changes happen.  By the time you get used to this, it will be changed again.
Love
good
Good
Okay
I love u ;)
Take off messenger and get back to facebook
Xcellent
The app takes up too much space on my phone and obligatory facebook messenger has ruined private messaging.
Don't like I was forced to download messenger in order to send one
I like it
The messenger app that you have too download now too message people is just retarted what's the point of having the message icon if you have too have messenger? The app crashes so much by the time it actually loads its crashing again! This app sucks I'm thinking about deleting it if it doesn't improve ... and it takes up so much space. Its just ridiculous rant over.
Takes up too much space & keeps updating itself & downloading 24/7.  Costs me well over $50 on top of my normal phone bill just because of it's constant downloading while my phone is idol.  Why & what are y'all doing all the time?  Stop it.
laxman bohara
It gets me every where
Live it never gets better than: this
After the update I can't see videos anymore...
The New Version Is VerY Poor. I Did Not Like The Updat...
I like the older versions though. I thought upgrade is for the better, surprisingly it's not. The app keeps on freezing. It takes so much time to load. Tsk..
Whatever
Top scoer
Excellent
Slooow
Awsome
Baik
Very annoyed suppose to be easy to use but guess what Not but if go threw the web it works fine but that does take more time NEED TO FIX ASAP SHOULDN'T HAVE TO GO THREW WEBSITE JUST TO GET ON VERY ANNOYED! !!!!!!
Nice
Feel like big brother is watching. I can live without Facebook. Maybe we should delete Facebook and get back to living free.
Had to uninstall as too much storage was used. Don't like the new look!!
It's take too much space on my phone.
Loved it its so smooth and fast now
MORUDU
I like this app very much
I think this design is beutiful I like it.cool
I like this app very much. But I dislike it for one thing which is about the news feed. It should be displayed in other that recent ones are shown first
Ever since update, it keeps freezing up and doesn't respond and shuts down.... Very irritated at how complicated Facebook has been lately... Be prepared to lose a lot of accounts!!
Nice
i love it
After the wonderful update, it does nothing but crash....smh
I accidentally deleted my Facebook and when I tried to reinstall it it wouldn't let me . You guys need to fix this probelm.
News feed should have a choice to put a setting of viewing Top Stories or Most Recent as default news feed.  The major disappointment is Facebook forcing user to install Messenger. Rated one star for forcing user to install Messenger as Messenger reading user privacy, bloating RAM and Storage and buggy.
Wtf..why I can't install..i juz want update but there's nothing i can do
Works with 4G but when connected to any WiFi it will not load need to fix it very annoying think it I'd the app its self just loaded threw the web and it load but when I Terry to use my so called easy app NOTHING VERY ANNOYED
Great
Kooool!!! :) :)
Takes up sooo much space i cant look at my gallery on my phone. Its insane
Inthe world iloved thos app  illlllllllllllloooooooooovvvvvvvveeeee thisssss:-)  appppppppppp boys any malayalies in facebook please press add friend tome my name is    arshinazees
Hame
Cool!!
Works good and fast if your not an Alltel subscriber in the South Georgia.
Abera Belay (143)
Take to much space
Very good
K.RAHMAN
Vuyoza vuyos
Good
Uh random lol
Nothing else! I really-2 luv this app.  Since for Howmany years I downloaded it......keep it up 
Facebook is the best app for tympass but one thing is wrong that the messenger always online
Nice
This my motherfucken fix
Ok
I used to love this app because I saw it harmless I could share and communicate with my friends. It was an easy method to talk with people that were far from you or don't lost contact with your family in other cities but now this app has become malicious to the fact that now they can read our messages see our cellphone files and share things without our knowledge I don't like the fact that Facebook also has access to our camera and apps. It shouldn't be like that, it violates our right to privacy.
Kinda encouraging though it takes long to install and download
Recovery
*****
Very real in true the above  have it who do I acceptances /confidence and exile
Best aap in the world
I give one star ..This app  is very slow or even it's also effect the phone speed ..Plz fix it. ..and updates and updates  my Facebook app at the 106 Mb wtf ... We know you are the bestiees but plzz do needful plz fix it
Supper
Phone freezes when scrolling...does not load YouTube videos. Redundant app
Ok
i really don't like the new facebook..
Good
Amanda
bad app
For best communication app
Cult of personality
:/
For an Older Version
Taking too much space but good.....
╥╘
I like it
It keeps force closing.
This is one of best ever seen.
Good
But required a lot of advancement
The fastest app
Again I update your app and that's videos not playing again, so thanks fb for your waste of time updates if there not ready don't realise them
nice app to use.fb
Love this app...
Because i found my old friends
But good
really like it's,love it's.
Awesome.

Thats called stocking .
I love i think its the best yet fest and ez
Adn
I love Facebook
Very help full
Excellent
Exlent
Love it
I love this app
App automatically updates. Now won't open.
Tnxs
It gives me notifications that I've received a message,  but it won't let me read the messages without a separate app. It's dumb. Like... really, really dumb. If you want me to read messages in a different app (which I will not be downloading), stop notifying me that I've received a message.  That would be "not dumb" which is the best we can hope to receive from facebook.
Good
Facebook can check everything that's on your phone . And now we have to download the messenger app . This is useless
9/4/14 - oh sweet! "New Design" just tap the icon and watch the spinning thing while looking at the Facebook logo..and then NOT be surprised as it FAILS to load! Let me guess, uninstall, reinstall, SPEND all day fixing def..4/1/14 Hey Facebook!Stop telling me that I'm offline and that I can still post, when I am NOTOFFLINE! And doing so Every Few Seconds Happens To Be Very ANNOYING, or is THAT your Intention?  You still get one star and i see little hope of you folks figuring out the simplest of things :(
Won't update newsfeed.
Videos in feed don't play full way through when internet connection is less than satisfactory, app is way to big, makes phone laggy, have to download two crappy apps to just inbox someone etc etc etc....i mean....did you even test this app? The embarrassing answer is YES, the biggest social networking giant can't make an app where 80% of their users.....well USE the service!
L
Gr8
Nice
I dont like fcebook mesnger ;^1
Very slow
Nothing loads anymore when im using facebook with WiFi, but everything is completely fine when im using 3G or 4G. Not cool.
Fantastic
Good
sexy
Amazing app always connected with friends
Ok Bgt
Is it me or did anybody else experienced some major slow downs? My phone is running slow after the update and some apps are not working.. i remember this was a much better app... come on.
Madaxweyne qurboland
MOHAMMADBACHCHU
Very good
cannot use your app properly .. every time i post .. it will automatically close .. this issue is not only me experiencing .. some of my friends have the same problem can you please fix it immediately ..
I love Facebook because is the best among the best.
The title says it all... first you need their app... now you need to install their messager app... all they do is pile up so much crap in your phone and yet the app still sucks... i miss d old friendster...
Videos wont load correctly  cant get pictures in the feds taks for ever.
Good
Good
I can't create account it would confirl code. This is y i hate fb. I only want to reconnect w/ one person.
Everytime i go on newsfeed nothing would show. It keep on saying trouble loading newsfeed but everything else work on my wifi is on n working
I like it!
This app is very gud
I love using Facebook to keep in touch with my friends and family, and I was really happy to finally receieve a smartphone, I almost instantly downloaded the Facebook app along with the messenger. However, both apps drain my battery quickly, and takes up most of my phone space. To make things worse, it doesn't run as smooth as I expected. I hope to see improvements in future updates.
Awesome
Noori muhammd
Thanks
I really love this app
Etc not working
please fix your application, because when I click the picture is too large in lanscape mode
Without messenger u cnt snd or read msg plz fix ds
My news feed works no more after upgrading.pls help
It is easy to open directly ! Awesome, beautiful
Facebook number 1 4ever
Its amazing
After the update the profile pic does not load... other than that everything is pretty much smooth... HTC Evo 4G
Nice app.
Nice
Y
Excellent work by facebook
Sh!t doesn't even spin.
Come on!!!! Why install fb messenger?? To much space wasted....come on facebook! Please go back to the way it used to be...give people a choise.
A good thing to keep in touch with friends n others.
Just installed it because there is no alternate.
I like it
I'm so disappointed by using this app. It crushes most of the time! I'm not even able to finish what I am reading on facebook because it really turns to the home screen after a few second. Please fix this... And one more thing, please give us the option to use the inbox in this app even without installing FACEBOOK MESSENGER. Thanks! :)
Good and easy app
It's a really only  book  I use to read every day ....;-)
lama
Won't open after most recent auto update.
Face book
Good
Fond
Uses up waaaay too much memory.
Greater and reliable
Having more space talents up plus having no privacy with this whole messenger craps makes this app just suck
No comments
Why I can't log in when I already finished confirm my identity. ...:-( :-( :-(
Great
It takes too much space n when i  open fbk it takes approx.1 to 2 min bt others apps such as g+ open fast bt fbk sucks so plz fix this issue.n why r u forcing users to install ur messenger?? What abt low RAM devices :( plz fix it
Bilalawan
I have CyanogenMod 11 on my galaxy s3 and it is refusing to install
Like
The best social networking site for me
I cant use the facebook messenger.. since i updated my tablet to a higher OS it always says the apps stopped working.. and everytime i go to other areas it always go to exit and that really made me so angry.. can you fix these problems pls.. after that i would give you a 5 stars.. thanks
Enjoying it
It is asom
This version of fb is sucking. Nt able to view the videos fully. It stops inbetween sayin some error has occured!!
but freezes alot for my phone :(
It is cool
Lash
Nice app
Shanghивi
Beautifull app
Maliwal
Good
I am unable to to knoe when the post is posted each post shows the same time that is (Just Now)
I keep getting an error loading and can't see my news feeds.
So when will recent-posts back?
Takes a lot of space but is worth it
I like to used it most.
Recent
Ok
G
Not able to update, ill download but after complete, not able to install, its giving error n some 919 error
Facebook
good
Good
Using simple and easy
<3
I want to upload pics but I cant,,,,,  ;> whenever I start 2 upload any pic there is an error tht is occurring so plz fix it other wise I'll uninstall it ;> ;> plz plz do it fast ;>
ERREOR LOADING NEWS FEED !
Facebook. I loved. It
Why it is not instaling
esay to :usr
Most liked
Can't play vids from this app.
Likes
Woooow
Good
Good
Awesome...
Loved it
Vinod nayak
DHAKAD
Swabe
Makes my cellphone really slow,  and crashes
Good
Good apps
In my doodle the app is all been force closed try to fix it in the nxt update
I really love to use this appy.
It always messes up and close on me fix this please
Lousy update. Worked better without it.
very bad old vertion
new frnds new experience new features which is not in other than
Good drama
Face book is The index of people
ITS COOL VERY GOOD
I like the facebook very much. But i don't like the new update. It is very poor. The new version is not good. So, kindly correct it or change it...
It doesn't stop setting up!! Please fix it.
Cool.....
The new version is just so very stupid it doesn't works properly
Yes good
More loved this...
Easy to use
Good but why do we have to install the Facebook messenger? Its annoying and I can't use my message and chat with my friends if I don't install that. It kills my SD card.
Whoever in the facebook offices who made the post offline idea has to be brain-damaged in a way. Well done for implementing that.
Facebook is good
This new app sucks, it opens for a second, freezes and closes itself!!! How useful is that!?? I knew I shouldn't have downloaded it!
why this app took this much space???and it is very slow...
Lai bhari
Plz Dont Remove Message Form Fb App
crap@##
Super
Applicazione molto buona....
All of a sudden Facebook is freezing every couple min??
I got hooked when I look into the Facebook!
Plz remove the gmail yahoo etc.  Accounts from fb...  nd give only verifies option with contact number..  so can we justify the original id. .
Not lag but not smooth .
FaceBook mins LoveBook I thinc it's unlimethe star But i giv 100.0000 star Becous my 1st, date in FaceBook and  i love FaceBook. Thets my lovebook  Friends dawonlod this lovely and great LoveBook
Its cool
very useful
Much
It is very good app for chatting uprate new
The best app for chating
Amazing
It sucks on android. It freezes up whenever I upload a video. I've uninstalled it and tried to start over and it's taking forever... I'll just cut back on Facebook cause this sucks.
I love this app so much also facebook messanger
Israhell spy put on it more surching device so they can check on us more
Takes up waayyyy to much space!
Gooodd
Keeps closing randomly and dosent let me view anything without it closing and me having to restart the app.if i could uninstall the update i would because of those issues it was fine before further more  i also think your messanger is horrible
I Like This Appd
Hogs up sooooo much space on my tiny phone! I keep getting low space alerts and clean up what I can.fb app takes up all my available space. Almost 60 mb.I uninstalled because I was curious.without the app I have almost 80 mb! Issue needs fixed asap!!!!
Everything is perfect
Good..
It's very good
ccn
Like it
Good work keep it up
Lubewwww
Get to know the outside world and maybe make friends later
shashi
089579717
Frt
achi app hai I like it
The whole mandatory messenger application requirement is ridiculous, we have text messaging along with email and phone calls why should we be made to download another app for messaging? As if this application doesn't take up ENOUGH space... and the privacy concerns... tiss tiss Facebook! There is absolutely no reason at all why Facebook should need access to all of my personal information, including my camera and recorder.. I think this is unfair and along with a lot of people I will not be downloading it.
Nice
I really HATE the latest update!
More love it....If fake fb acc will delete
I love this aap
Aajnnachoudhary
GORAYA
Can't seem to check messages anymore. Its the only reason I installed the app
Pal
Not bad
Oosome
I love facebook app!!"
Sj
Bcouse data la! (60mb+10mb).. Why make it so big? This is apps nt game .. So please?! Make that data small .. Please .. 
Awesome
I hate this app and its constant updating

Idk if facebook works w the cell phone companies or what but it eats up my data and i use wifi most of the time.  When im on it using my data it runs and runs and runs trying to load. Meanwhile eating up MORE data.  And forcing us to install the messenger is bullcrap, the stuff the messenger has access to is bullcrap.
Always need to Update But  No New Features
Space memory
Yeah, tired of seeing this error. Quit adding new "features" and start fixing ones that are there already.
I am not getting notification ecen my settings are fune.I will rate it 5 if u solve my problem
Cant even download the app
Don't like messenger. Always force-closing on me. About ready to close my account!!
Nhимu lи▓c lивc kinh
Hated it
A little slow loading and required a lot of updates.
Love it just wish it didn't need so much of my information off my devices I would like some privacy sometimes... But other than that I love it
Easier
now in my phone is not working properly this facebook very bad
Great app for communication :)
nyc..
Ok
Not usr frndly
Such a piece of crap this is!
With the latest update, I can turn off notifications for the posts where I commented earlier. Well done!
Sweet!!
Gggg
Awesome
On android  devices, there is no way to limit FB's access nor use of the data on your phone in the form of texts, contacts etc. And per agreement upon downloading this app, FB is allowed to view and edit your  information. Please read the permissions section. Having to use messenger to read your messages on your phone exacerbates this privacy issue, since more  rights are forfeited.

Ummm not good
It's working very slow and not giving notification will chating
Fb .....cool
Good!!!
social media
No 1
Good
You can access anytime on what you wanted to know....and always be updated with my 5k friends here.
the inferface start to become too complicated
The feed should match the desired setting - no one likes the "top stories" option. Otherwise, an excellent update with a good feature set compared to the desktop version. The "turn off notifications" feature has never worked since introduced; I still have to do that from the desktop. Also unable to download photos from my own page; apparently that option was removed.
Its not as private as I would like , always getting hacked .
Thanks for this app
Nice
Awesome
Why do we suddenly need a new app do something this original app was and still is capable of doing? You say its faster but I fail to see how switching between apps is faster. You just wanted to add a few more permissions to the already ridiculous list you had!!! Well I'm done with your crap. No more apps from FB! It would also be nice if you wouldn't rot into peoples phones so we could fully uninstall your app if we wanted to but I guess then it would truly be a breach of privacy would it?
K
When I Sign in, It hang my mobile. Please fix it.
Lot amazinf
awesome
I do not like this new version of Facebook! Its slow on my phone and its always forcing close and i can't view my most recent.
Can't install it !!
Not bad
After switching from iPhone to Android I realize how neglected the apps are here. Don't get me wrong, I'm glad I made the switch. But it's really sad that they keep adding new updates to Apple while we are still behind. Please pay more attention to Android instead of coming out with seemingly unless updates for Apple.
Facebook
You guys need to fix the camera roll section.  Or at least not make us go through every single picture just to get to a picture we want.  Because it freezes up the app
L
Good
It takes up so many space &&' it sticks also takes long to load..!!
Goods
Nice
U think this joke??? I always online and it's loading so long please fix and I will give 5 star....
Good app for using Facebook but battery uses a lot of
the not loading more stuff
There is no option to turn off auto play videos or to change it to load them in wife only.
Gdfhn
Sumit
Ok
Sucks
Every time you change it, more and more problems arise! Stop trying to fix something that wasn't broken in the first place. Getting rather annoyed with it crashing every few minutes, does the same to that awful messenger app too! Grrrrrr
Good.....but need to improve
Bhumika Subba
Take up to much space on my phone
I can chat with my boyfriend..
Samsung GS4 \m/
The update doesn't work on my Sony Xperia e1 dual. Please fix this, otherwise it is a very good app
It not doing anythinf
Love
Plz chang its theme its too old.
Takes too much space
Luv. It:')
I hate they do not get opinions from the user and way to much ovation of privacy
Its good for too much socialization
I love this app but its eating a big space.
cool
Mansoordiamond
Violates your privacy!
Nice app
It's ok
Nonsense!
Nice
Good excellent
Takes up too much space and i dont want to install ANOTHER APP just to look at messages.
Freinds can talk with you on face book I love this app
Plzzzz fix sooo veryy slow
Alhamdulillah bermanfaat
we dont chat without massenger...its a negative point of dis app.........so i gv it only 3 *
I had to reset my phone now it requires me to download messenger and keeps saying force close. I use to praise FB now I'm gonna become a tweeter ;)
Good
occupies too much space, data goes to 70+mb even when i'm not using it
Very good
Email
Takes up to much space on phone, bring back old version
I like
Owsm
When ever I logout it opens again
Enjoying
Good
Because I downloaded facebook easily! I really love this app :) thanks
Android L
24jam
Great
Took so much space. It consumes a lot of mb. Please fix . Asap
Video cannot play
i cant able to install to my samsung..
Nice
Bakwas hein pehle wala accha tha plz wo wala laga de
02050199122
I like that I can stay in touch with people on Facebook but the app load's slow
Videos never work always freeze after about 5 seconds
Too slow!
Why update?
Why keep updating if the original is not working well
Loading
Telet
Its good
Says error. I uninstalled and went to install again and won't let me do that. Poor app. Updates just make it worse
I don't like the idea of not being able to make live video chat, and it keeps saying no Internet connection, and the news feed not responding, plus its would show yesterday's update before today's
Superbbb
This app was halfway decent before the update..now it sucks even more. My notifications won't load and it takes forever to load anything else. I'd much rather just use the browser instead of this.
Love ko to
Not bad
Good
Its really amazing

Gay corporate lies
Don't know what the hell is going on can't watch even a single  video completely... Fix it
Hi.
It would be great if we could select text on Facebook.
Introducing separate app for messaging is stupid idea.app sucks ram. Unfavorable for 512mb ram.
Slow ...
100%
Thanks
Lov it
Sucks
I love Facebook
It won't install after some many times
why my fb has been blocking ?
I wish I had the option to update if I want to and not to be forced to make the upgrade.
.......,,,,,,,,,,
this app not open in my phone.....
No longer enjoy FB without being able to message my friends and family.  Also really hate having to "work" to get my most recent news feed. Cannot upgrade to newer version because of space.  Its too large AND it took away our messaging??
My friends add app with hologram ho ho i am happy
Good app but please bring some new design of the app anything new rest is good
FB 142MB/G+ 50MB
I really despise that every time I comment on someone's picture, status, or whatever else it may be that I comment on, I don't always get the option to stop notifications. Can you guys please fix this to where we may ALL be able to opt out of getting notifications on what we comment on as posts? Instead of us getting notification automatically, make it to where we have to turn on notifications for that particular "thing" we comment on. We need this option for all posts. Fix and I'll give it 5 stars.
Already smart phone has less space n this app use unneccasary space in screen. I don't know whose foolish idea is this
The facebook let us know a lot of things and he has alot of games
Hangs up my phone quite too much :/ even when I m having 4gb RAM...!
VJJajajKL
Remove messenger app.
Social Networking On It's Own Level
It takes up so much space. Keeps running in the background and makes your phone slow. Drains your battery. No edit and delete comments function. And no more messages. What an app!
I liked this.
It logged me out and now says can't connect with Microsoft???? A page comes up telling me to give my name and ID photo then click contact Facebook,  then I got an email from Microsoft saying follow this link to reconnect which I did and did everything and it still won't let me reconnect. Not through the app or from the browser. What the hell?? FIX THIS PLEASE!!!
Great app
How do I get my messages without installing messenger app
Go0d and nice
Have uploaded but I have difficulties managing it please help?
Facebook
Fb is a great way to stay in touch.  I use fb to stay in touch with family living far away and friends and family nearby when my busy schedule won't allow me to.
Useful
Always force closing!
Sticky, uses too much space, freezes, video auto open in news feed sucks my phone's capacity. Can't even find news feed icon anymore. Awful experience. Give me version from about a year ago.
Pombob
Like
New look is terrible looks like Fb very first app, also issue with app jumping and freezing when link is touched. Also overheats my HTC one m7 when watching video. Comments also keep posting as new comments even though I keep tapping on links in comments
I use to really like this app until they updated it!
I uninstall this app and when I install it again,its takes up time to install it again which I very hate!
Gvng erroe 403 !!!! :@
Haha.
I love Facebook
Bit slow, overall good
I love it so much
Ok
Nice app
Takes up too much space n now it doesn't even open at all
tab3├┐╠ь╫╘╢п═╦│Ўгбгб╟ы╨▐╕┤гбгбгб
I like it...
More work hard,to make this wonderful app.
FBIESSS land is blue because our planet is born blue.
I would rather have most recent as my start page. And having a separate app for facebook chat witch constantly crashes. The facebook app and chat app is also huge in space concerns.
Colapo
Good
The mandatory requirement to download Messenger for the mobile app has made this app inconvenient when it comes to sending private messages. Annoying.
Love it...
Very awesome app
Its good
Why can't send my message,,
Dont like to install messenger...
Easy use
The best app love it!!
Joesatrianijories
It requires a lot of RAM,40 MB it's unacceptable...And the new app for messages it's useless and it also requires 20 MB of RAM.
It takes up to much space not every phone has that much storage space for facebook!!!!! Please fix it!!!! Like you take your sweet time like hurry up and fix it gosh!!!
Hating it . nothing ever gets updated on my news feed anymore.videos just keep automatically playing on news feed and it lags me. hate the fact that every time a new newsfeed pops up it automatically scrolls back to the top of the feed.hate how whenever you're reading posts on pages that need to be opened up eg.'continue reading' posts , it automatically goes back to the top of the page rather than back to where you left
ayus
Facebook
Iam sweet girl
Gooooooooooood
I m not able to download incompatible to download show kar raha hai
Homes care assesant
Best
It takes way too much space.
Awsome i loved it
I would give it less than one star if I could. Its absolutely horrible.
I don't want to install the f***ing messanger app
Good
SmiLe
Good
Ni................!
Takes.  Up to much space
Supb but to slow
Why do we have to download messenger. Basically giving permission for them to do anything they want to on your phone weather use your microphone for your camera or your files or your contacts. Why do they need all that?
ok
Nice
Thanks
This application takes a lot of space,  I'll rate 5 stars if you fix this issue
I like
Y
The search only searches for people's names and group names. I want to search for my posts within a group. I can do that on the web page. Why can't I do that on the app?
Good !!!
Too many issues, new updates still unavailable.
New updates makes me very disappointed because no messenger... So i reset to factory. I don't wanna waste my phone memory for the messenger...
Works great for me and I been had the messenger app. I like that app cuz I can chat with friends without being on Facebook!!
Cached data takes more space
good........

Bold
Chak
I like it
plese give us old virson
Its OK
ilove u
Low on space, when downloading Facebook 
Every time i try to post a status or post on friends wall, it takes me back to home screen. I thought it was my tablet acting up so i reset  it to factory settings and reinstalled fb app...still have the same issue.  Is anyone else having this problem or is something wrong on my end?
Very nic
Entertainment
New look is terrible looks like Fb very first app, also issue with app jumping and freezing when link is touched
Not much
It takes lots if tym.... to get install. But... yeah..!!!! Its a kind if fun having dis. ;) love it hate it.... both. <3 </3
Aleluya
Sucks........... After every update it sucks even more......... Takes up huge space........... My phone bcame so slow after installing this app. And y the hell it cant be moved to sd card??? Plzzz fix this
Nice / Excellent
Risk is my hobby dangeours is my game dont play with me because Moksh is my name
Keeps crashing everytime i open it !! im checking messages then it will force close!!
Like
dont want messenger!!
I really love this ...
Emmanuel
Supb
The application is not installing.. showing unknown error,, i can not also find the .com folder of this app..in my data folder... as i have used this app before... plsss reply.. what should i do.. so that i can install it again..
S
live with it
Can't play videos friends post or anyone else! Also tired of installing after updates!! Please fix so I can watch videos!
I have to download the stupid messenger to send messages
The app forecloses on its own and is constantly freezing up!
For the fb messenger
I lick
I do not want to install Mesenger to chat n I dont want da icon indicating a reminder of this app
Facebook
Fifty fifty
Why 20.33space
Satisfied
What happened? I cant upload photos, its taking forever and when I'll tag photos,it kept coming back going back from facebook sign. I hate the updated version. Please fix!
i like the fb app before better than the now my wallpost is black shade i cn,t see the post of my friends pic only
Why we need to install another application for messaging? ... hated it ... i will give you 5 stars if your rollback the old version
It takes more space nearly 75MB .. What is this?? Fix it ..
I is workink very slow but its ok
love my mamm
Worst,  drains the life out of my phone!  you people suck.
Love it
Good
I cant stand that it has been freezing my phone up everytime I try to even open it. The fact it slows my phone that it is even on as an application. Super annoying all around.
I liked this app.. But then i looked at the permissions and just like messanger you want to record audio and all that. Facebook is going to hell. Shoulda stayed with myspace everyone :)
Excellent
S*cks
Et su naval dujes I kant opem mi fazebuok
;-)
I like it
duniya mai jise chahe agar
Lv it
All
Excellent
K
I love this app
I hate this app ... not a smart one
Nice app..
This ih horrable, the app wont load a lot of images from my news feed or profile...
super. se bhi uper
I love
Cool apk.
Great
Ossam
Theek he
Great application
Never lets you log in is slow and freezes
NiCE
loved it
Its really good...jast ......
Its the best!!!!
Facebook
Shaalam
Force Close,Lags,Space Eater, Wants to know your personal stuffs Ruins your day.....
Good
I can't message through it. They are forcing me to messenger and this is getting hang. Bad app. Both messenger and fb. Please fix the bugs
Ew annoying PEEPS THAT IDK ABOUT YOU BAITCH!!!!!! XDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
Me
Good
Its so slow dat even facebook 0 is atleast da best
Facebook
Google plus is the most smooth social app
Good
I dont want ur messenger app.. whats the need to download.. u people hv gone nuts...
just loved
Good
whatever grrrr
But bad app
It's too slow and boring work on that
DHAKA BANGLADESH
Loading pages very slow. Pls fix it..
it is constantly crashing since new update
The best application
Ex lent
Had to uninstall 2 apps and unupdate one to download
Ayos kahit matagal
Gud i lv it
Love ittt
Samsung Galaxy Ace
Fb
Too many ad's! And can't get anything to load even with perfect WiFi connection. Stop trying so hard FB!
I can see my fcebook anywhere anytime
Taking too much space and i dont like the different app for the messages
U cant no longer check your facebook messages it ask for u to download the messager app now .witch peaple are saying the app appears to be a scam to get into your personal info on your phone like camera .Contacts .peaple are reading your text messages and leason to your personal conversation. Kinda scary.  Please fix this Facebook.
Why did you keep forcing  me to download  the  messenger when i don't  want to.
97724378
Somebody can tell Y FB keep request my ID and I have no idea wth FB want act!
It's fine actually. Im just not get used to it i think.
The app is good but, my battery drains really quick when I downloaded this please fix this problem as quick as possible!!!!!
Best way to keep up with what's going on and stay in contact with everyone
After so many years, suddenly today this app prompted "Session Expired" and I cant login again. Please look into this urgently. You know my email. Mail me.
You say '7' of my friends are using messenger when in fact they are NOT! And 3 of them are duplicates! You don't buy a car without wheels. So why a social app without a messaging feature?
I am using moto e and it works great on it
Love it
It takes too much space .. i can't even open it sometimes,lol.. try to minimize it .. but .. it's kinda good when you ignore the space thingy tho
Hello
Good app
Pictures are not loading.  Please fix!
Speed is soo slow....
Love it much
Awesome
I can't sign in !!!
Nice app
Cool
Poa sana
Too much DRAMA
Oioooooo
I KEEP UPDATING BECAUSE I HAVE SO MANY FRIENDS THAT I'VE HAVE KNOW FOREVER..THIS IS HOW WE KEEP UP !! ** BUT **  FB DOES MESS UP A LOT..IT'S NOT MY PHONE ..HAD IT CHECKED OUT & IT'S ONLY 7 MONTHS OLD !! SOMETIMES IT WON'T LET ME SEE OR HEAR VIDEOS..MY FB JUST STOPS & HAVE TO RESTART IT AGAIN.. SOMETIMES IT WON'T LET ME LIKE OR LEAVE A MESSAGE..I AM SICK OF SEEING ERROR. !! I CAN BE ON ANYTHING ELSE & FB IS THE ONLY APP. THAT FREEZES UP !!
Not working properly
Super
Can c u
Pandesss
Great
Facebook..
Its a very ganda app
I'm trying to reinstall this app but it won't install! I uninstalled because the app stopped working properly. Sort your app out.
:-)
Gud
Aowsme
the notification, chat, add friend bezel is taking to much news space
Opening fb from the ordinary browser much better and faster than the app ! To much old posts but when i open the web version i see the new posts tho the problem is the app !
Good app
Just to chat i need messanger, it's Horriblr :-X
Great
Good
Facebook
i i'
Love it
The app design and interface is boring and not attractive. So need to improve that.
The space is soooooo humongous and the messenger app is driving me cray-cray it won't disappear if I didn't download the messenger app so please take it OFF
бябябябя :)
Its fine but every update it takes so much space on d me,ory
The pictures are not clear when view
Yeah homies
Badhia...
It sucks
fun
Facebook closing accts 4 nothing
Excellent
Its became very boring cause when u go to see nafctions the toolbar disappear u have to press back u cant press add request , msg , nafaction
Nice
In this update we can't save the videos
Mmm..
You removed that ad that blocks me to install messenger...I don't want to install it..I don't need it...it kill my phone...thanks..keep it removed please :D
The best
Please add again chat option in facebook. I use two fb account in my phone one in facebook and other one in messanger. I m not able to use both account.
Nice app
Good job
The best
Good
Very good App
This update is very poor
No way am I downloading the chat app. What a ridiculous change..
The best.
It takes up too much space and it makes my phone so slow
This app takes up too much space and now we need to install another app to talk to our FB friends?? There's NO ROOM for anything else on my phone now!
Thank you
Every time I used this app, it takes a lot of time to open it,in short its hassle...
╝╙╙═гм╝╠╨°┼м┴ж
Facebook
Fastest facebook
Hate the messenger only that messenger .,give's people no choice
Really
Good
Guf
this app takes too much of space in device (80+ mb)
This garil niwa id pass please
Lol
Loggers >///<
It like a friend to me
Superb Facebook
It consume too much space and RAM. Please fix it.
Why facebook need all my info for?
User's friendly
Thats y it resisting download on my phone, pooro_O
Awsm
Good
Really too much sharing without options
Why does Facebook demands so much permissions?
So nice
I like this
The app still is not working upto the mark..
This is satisfactory
It takes up so much space and I can't edit. I also don't like having to install messenger just to chat private. Not happy with app!
Love it
If little bit fast then its great
I thnk it is the smartest app for fb
It's good...
Amazing
Application crashes when I play a video. This problem was fixed, I could play a Facebook video. Updated it today, and the same probelm is back again. So very disappointed 
Great
ok
it helps me connects with my friends & love one's
It's still force closing or just blanking out
It eats my data it doesn't load right and it kills my battery worse than ever
Im kawaii
Sar
Good one
Der
it'zzzzz amazing
Fb abb  is very dest abb
Good but dangerous for children toooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
Its consume a big space
Good
Hi
Fb always rocks
Awaresome
Messages are not opening in this version
Needs a good integration with YouTube or with similar app
Not bad. That's it
Not a huge fan of the file size and messenger.
Nice App
Useless. The web version so much easier. I dont even know where to start because so much needs fixed.
Ohh..!! Facebook.
A beautiful road of make communication. ...
Samsung galaxy s3(rooted device) was excelllent for last version but this new update dosn't work in my phone and it causes hang up my phone specially when I want to play games like zynga poker.i have uninstalled this version and reinstalled the last version that I had been backed it up before then solved this problem. Please fix this bug.
Love  it
Hate it,,,won't let me log in,,,I never received an email to confirm my account, and can't get you to resend it to me
Wondreful
Like!!
I like facebook
like it
Supr
I updated my phone tried to install this app & says incompatible..  Layout isn't very good, too complicated to find the newsfeed ect, plain and simple is better and I now can't have Facebook app on my phone.
I love me some Facebook...
To goy
I like it
Super
Very useful social site.
It is a updated and more friendly use version.
I love facebook
This app is very heavy. When i install in my mobile my mobile turn into laggy one and facebook app effect on game app also
Nice
Doubt you guys (FB team) even read these reviews, but since updating I can't view pages, they shut down the app and send me back to my mobiles home screen, I can view people's walls fine, I can view the news feed fine, but if I click on a page, it shuts facebook off.... Please sort this out, it's darn annoying.....
Thanks
Good one.
Latest update has made my s3 slow. Facebook app is very slow too. The option to turn notifications off on a comment does not work. Please fix.
This is gone from my phone. It took up too much space and I couldn't find anything on the news feed. Way to destroy your product's usefulness. I have a messaging system. It's called texting.
Oh no my fb app is not installed i tried to reinstalled it but ther is this "application error thing ! I cant install this app how many times i tried
Veryyy niceee
Bhanwar singh
Funky spam notifications every hour, not working notification center, etc. Terrible application.
Does not get stuck... i mean thats all u need nowadays
Pretty good app
For an old version
This is one of the best web to communicate to other person. I Had encountered a lot of friends! Awesome :-D
convenient app
Too slow..I hate the app
Good aps
Good
I Should Get A Notification On My Friends' Birthdays,Missed My Best Friend'S Birthday Because Of This Weird App (-_-)
Yes
Nice
Love the new design
Facebook still freezes up, then crashes.  Please fix it! And could you please fix it to where you can turn off the game request apps without turning off the whole platform? I do not play Facebook games and would love to be able to block the annoying requests. I also hate the new messenger app, please change back to the old messenger.  Thanks ~ Darlene
Good
I dont know
I
best
Always changing message file why don't you mix together?
I love face book
Lovely  Facebook
It s new update s are good
Social media
Dont force us to move on messenger using dia application because were losing our privacy

Its good but slow...
I can't like any more pages, facebook is crap now, half the fun of fb was likeing pages, now I can't do that way to ruin the fun facebook.
Good
Good for timepass
Super
when ever i log on to fb to see messages it says download fb messenger i don't want fb messenger and whn i restarts my phone every time notification appears "log on to fb to sync"
Dilo ko jodta h
Doesn't work on samsung galaxy since the last update, please fix.
Having to use a separate app to send/receive messages is the most impractical thing FB has ever done.
The app is just 22 mb somewhere .... n aft installing it takes around 123 mb.... cell gets slow. ... n can't use other apps
Its slowly but its okay . I watch video and its lock but i try again and then it works !!
919
Grt app
Takes to many space
Best application
Why need separate fb messager with fb?
bcz takes too much time to install
Getting better
Star 5
Why do we have to download the F*ucking Messanger to view our inbox messages ???!!!! We want the old version to view inbox.
Uses way too much data! I'm not on it very often and that latest version has pulled about 2 gigs in a month.
Y cant we post more than 30 photos. Huh!!!
Funtastk
New update sucks!!!!
Subil
Facebook
I
Great app... no problems so far...
It nerds a lot of space when you update it buts its ok id prefer on laptop instead
Nice
Messages had to be opened in a separate app
Great...
Mano raj
So amazinggggg
Nyc
Very good.... i love it....
My sweet baby.
Jimmydk
Love it
Shumaila
Zhdb
Takes a lot of memory. Make it simpler idi...s
What's happened!! Takes ages to load,freezes up and all the videos are fast forward. Today it has stopped working. I have sent a report.
Just use it
Nice es ma thora or change ho jye tu best hai yar i like it
I like face book news feed
Cannot play videos..
Facebook Excellent
I don't  want this forceful  app
Plsapsep mr myfece book
Nice
Love it
Facebook
Nice Application
This app are not good speed..
Last update is a mess. Can't set anymore to see the last news not the most important or whatever. I don't need to see posts from day before yesterday on top. Anybody there that can fix this?
It lags all the time even when iam connected to a fast broadband n never let's me watch videos from friends walls or what they have shared plus it's over heating my phone when I use the app explain please
No words to say
Nice
Gruzin
Best
App ends by itself after updating it .... Kindly fix it for five stars
Tnx
no notification...
Hi
Hihihi
Tutul
Takes up too much space so doesn't load
Very easy  and best browsing
Mafraq  jordan
Very good
best ever
Worst aap..
New update is terrible cant update cant post pictures
Amazing
Nicely use
Rajesh Kumar chawla
Great
Nice app and pretty it,s wonderful
Slow...
Ang ganda ng fb
Fb make me happy every time
Suck app
Fb was good... Not anymore... Heavy battery and memory usage... Causing system lags... Unless you are rooted and got full control of each app, fb app is just junk...
Cant copy text from some post or comments in the app. It important for some languages
i love it.
Slw
Best
The new update fixed the problems!
So far so good
Awesome
Takes. Up ya memry space. N it wants more access to my phone  wi every update WHY!!!
Light
Please fix auto close...
I love Facebook
Facebook
Supper
I am on WiFi with a Samsung s5 and pictures rarely load and updated news feeds take forever
So big in size
I like it
Terbaik
The best app I found but also some problems as news feed and some other applications .... When we want to see some new news feed it doesn't have a option to see new ones .. We can see just old one   Otherwise message service is best and good on this app  .
Tired of suppose updates but nothing changes
Love it
It is very nice to used.
Best app Facebook and what app Massinger
Allow users to open messages in this app.. we dont want your bloody messenger..
End app
Candy crush
I Basir I love the Facebook
Asaaaallll
Nice
Every time there is a feature I like you remove it.  I liked having the upcoming local events on events page. I found lots of fun things to do.  It is gone with last update.  And even though i shut off auto update it reset itself and updates anyway...
Its doing better right now!! After update it seems to be good but not better or best
Just gr8
I love it so much
Take so long time
keeps on popping out facebook is not responding.
Force closes when I receive new messages. Even when I have the messenger app.
the new version is not good not userfriendly
Yon
Why do we need to install messenger to view messages?
signs in automatically....
Full internal storage. :3
So everyone in the world has a facebook.. even the kid sitting acroos the room has room. Its worlds best social network.. but i tend to find errors.. searching for people for example.. the people search should have more options to find people like last known location do they have kids? Age range? And stuff like that.. ive been looking for a person for three years still havr not found themm.. maybe this will help me and millions others
Its very nice application for social networking. Its a complete application.
Bijanen
Infinite love
We need an app with more speed
Excellent
Please fix this?
Download facebook ya
Nice
This new update won't even allow my fb to stay open.. it closes like 3.sec after it opens..on my HTC sense and on my  LG phone.. your app updates always suck
Very good to use n easy to connect
Royal son
Amazing
I luv it
Nice app
I luv fb
Its ok site
I cant install the  new version and it occupy to much memory in my phone amd even though there a big memorynon my phone still.error uccors when I intall it....
After update i get slow load times. Feeds looking at profiles gets stuck and news feed does not load new stuff.                                            [Original problem] Why did you remove comment reply?
Ok
Na
No video call. Calling always diconnected during go to profile or message or profile. No video file sending in chatting box.
(Kadak )
Excellent
I love it :-*
Nice
Always apps crash
Something is wrong
Why i cant comment on a photo when i open it in notification... kindly fix it its too irritating....
To good
Nice
It should be an all-in-one app. Can we use the messenger if we don't have fb account? No. Any chance an fb user never send messege to another? No. So why separate the messenger? Of course, if you have hidden agenda.
I really love facebook
Very good Facebook version
What  can i b without my Facebook
Nice app
Just like it :)
Nice
Nice for business
This app is creating major overheating problems on my xperia Z1 compact. It also "lags" when I scroll down my news feed. It is very unstable, it crashed several times while I was watching videos/photos. It is unbelievable to see these performances from a famous app. From a wealthy company such as Facebook, it is a disgrace. Nobody is happy with your application on android. Deal with it. I'm going back to the browser version.
seriously ...
He is amazing
It is the way by which we can send the msg to all our friends
It is ok could be better
Matibay!!!!
Am gud God Blessing is on me
one of the employees of the service gives access to outsiders.  if the information from my remote account will be used against me, I will file a lawsuit on Facebook.
easy to use that browser.
Can't download the photo comment
Facebook
Ezz
Great chatting with friends
Crashes a lot

Slow fix e necessary bugs n make it more colorful
(y)
Not that mch gud
Liked it
Muhammadsufiyan
After last update, freezes and crashes more often. Yaaay.
Garbage

loved until keep having to try and reinstall
Smita singh
Great app connecting people from all around the world
Please fix on android kitkat
Easy to go around world
Lol
Aweome
I love using facebook in my phone. But everytime i open it, it took so long before the application load, and also when im home, it keeps updating automatically. I hate it really. I need not to update it because, it takes more space everytime you update it. It is so annoying. Actually, i've uninstalled it the last time when i saw the mb of this apps, however i installed it again because, i wont miss my friends. So if u want me to use this longer, please fix all problems we are encountered.
Aiden
Really helps people stay in contact
Be coz sometimes not updated.
All the best...
5 star
Yes
CLOSES FOR NO REASON
Apps sucks on Android, I hate having to use the messenger to look at emails, I wish Facebook would just fix it once and leave it alone. all these updates and changing everything get very frustrating. Right now I am just using the app for notifications, and checking everything via Firefox browser or my laptop. The surveys we all have done recently have been for nothing, like my status states this sucks!!!!!!!!!!!!
Why should I allow this app to basically spy on me? I don't want this app to record audio or take pictures whenever it feels like it! Definitely uninstalling.
992
WALE DADA
No reason to need access to your camera ,microphone, contacts. Just a way to invade are privacy knowing we will use it anyway
You can chat with your friend
The more you update it the slower it is to load if someone made a better app that's where id be so please speed it up!!!!!!!!!!
Great app
Your other app messenger forces me to downlod it
I want to be able to update my profile picture and actually have it fit! Every time I go to crop it its one square and I cannot even fit the whole picture!
Fix the Heart Bleed vulnerability...
CAN SOME BODY CHECK WHATS GOING ON ? I HAVE REQUESTED TO CHECK THIS ISSUE SINCE 25 DAYS ?  THERE IS NO RESP IN LAST 60 DAYS....PLEASE FIX ISSUES WITH VEDIOS, UNABLE TO PLAY VIDEOS IN ANDRIOD MOBILE.    IF I TOUCH VIDEO I AM FORCED GO TO HOME SCREEN AUTOMATICALLY.    I TRIED SEVERAL TIMES STILL THE SAME UNABLE TO PLAY VEDIOS IN ANDRIOD 4.2.1 VERSION.    PLEASE CAN SOME ONE REVIEW AND FIX / HELP
I won't download fb messenger why your forceing me to download messenger fix this problem
answer this
Some of the notifications don't even show up like they do on facebook...and I don't get a phone notification when someone writes me. FIX ...Also this app takes up way too much space. Do ridiculous.
Too much update...wasting data
It's been saying setting up Facebook for 5 minutes now not impressed! Rather stay with the one that I use on my browser
Best
Ok
Loved it
It's really goor to find friends ...who's are childhood..friend also commencement with nearest and dearest person....
j
Love it i can stay in contact with all my friends
Will get better review when y'all take off the messenger app.
Super fine
Sye blh chat ngan kwn2 sye
The rights given up to use Facebook... Read the TOS, it's scary.
More news info and friends
3 stars cuz im still waiting when will facebook will make available to watch facebook videos in HD like in Iphone.. its an option when you open the video that you can watch HD video and its not in Android. Hope you will make it for androids too.
To install it just suks me..
Y fix it if its not broken
I don't like how it takes for ever to load newest news feed.
It's very bad servicing provided by FB it's hetting automatically refresh when we r for away from the top nd some of the time we like  nd cmnt a pic just before 2 min. Nd when we again check it's not updating it's only I am giving it 2 satars bcs I am using it very much but it never deserve for it
Ever since i installed it on my tablet it keeps crashing and won't let me do anything on it. This is becoming frustrating.  Fix this issue please!!!
This app is becoming slower everytime I update it. Fix the concerns, my desktop launches quicker than this android app. Mmmm
12345
Nice
Really good
Facebook
Its ok
Why does it keep quitting! :-@ I jus updated it bt it's been happening since the morning,esp. while on certain pages!
more error to be fixed just like automatic force close and etc. but i love facebook i know you can fixed everything:-) more power!
Great
After the recent update it is less stable, and the CUSTOM PRIVACY IS STILL MISSING!
It is very useful app for all user
Nice
Friends
Hope it works better
Chutya
Very annoying that messaging is a completely separate app from Facebook... why is it so hard to have them together?
The new lack of functionality and confusing layout are just bad. And now, to make matters worse, it takes 20 seconds or more to open. Oh, and can't forget forcing messenger down our throats. I don't buy into the conspiracy theories, but I absolutely despise having choice taken away by some empty suit deciding what my "best experience" should be. It's bullshit when the government does it, and it's even more bullshit when a corporate conglomerate does it.
Good
This is d second time I am installing it and it is not working still..please fix it..one star for u til u fix it.
Best app
Lovr it
The more they upgrade the crappier it becomes. Another thing, every time I go to the home page, it shows me feed I already saw f/two days ago. I would like to see recent feed. FB listen to the ppl, we are not happy. I tell you when a better social network comes out, you are going to lose ppl. Not happy..
Like
Awesome way
Stop complaining & live.....more Gray hair:-D

My likes gone
I luv it
I am able to keep up with all my friends and family.
Like
Works less than half the time.
Amjadeja
Not installed try
Itsencilli
Every time I hide or don't want to see a post,  it just reappears every time I open it up again.  It's really really annoying!! Even when I unfollow a person it still shows up
Uses too much data
Good app
There is something very wrong with this appointment, it crashes for some reason????,what's up with this thing? ,it doesn't work I think it was hacked.
Nice... :))
Good
Nice
Great The best
Facebook
Bring back my messenger!
Facebook has lost its charm a little bit despite up gradation in phone apps
Great
Shouldn't have to download another fricken app to read the texts. You all do know cell phones only have but just little amounts of space after we download what we like and now u all want us to download another for the texts that worked fine for me on the old fb!!!!!!!!!!!
The app is good but i gets slow times....
f
Umm I just updated facebook and now it's not opening??? Please fix this it was fine before but now... Yeah it's not working
I do love it!
Very Good
So I talk crap about you seeing my pictures, taking pictures & yall screw up my Facebook notifications & have it to where I cannot go to my walk or anyone else's!!!!!!!!? Facebook & Messenger are HORRID APPS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Android HTC EVO4G
Gii
Just updated the app today...and now when I sign in it just goes back to my tablets home screen.
The page loading is really slow
Ok
Piece of crap, can't go more than 10 minutes without crashing.
L
Who doesn't  like it?!
Facebook is really good for talking to friends I like it
Good but some time it do not logout it comes back on th page please fix the bug
Viki
Sure
Okay, wish it would find what works & stick with it.
doesnt even let me log in
I can't access my acount
actually I can conact with my friends I <3 it so much
Data usage ain't cool
Since the last update, app keeps closing. Fix it, please!
Me
My battery drained fast because of this app
Thanks for listening to me you guys are the best
Nice app
Awesome!
Good
I want to be able to reply to others comments.
Bad bad bad
Everything went good
Super
Its fun
Nice
Really does the work although there are some features that have to be done through a browser.. Otherwise it's an awesome app
Its best app
very nice program i wish to download new rograms
Now I have to install a messenger app just to access facebook messages? Seriously, facebook? Seriously?
It is good application for the facebook.
Now we are forced to download messenger? Psh. The cover ups about how it isn't so bad are all bs. They are recording phone conversations at random. Unacceptable.
Worst app its hang phone
I hate that you have to use messenger
It takes alot of space
Fix messenger
gud
nice connect friends
Hati yg tersakiti
Keeping up with friends and family.
The updates are unless, and the fact I gotta download a different app to check a message, worth deactivating!!
Not that bad , its too handy to me.
Good application
Very good!!!
Thanks so much for showing me nothing but posts from last week. Maybe next week I will see todays posts. And also forcing people to use messenger is bs. I wont install a seperate ap just to see messages. Facebook....not great at all.
Not working
Frequently updates plz fix that
Awsome
becos servic is better and iam setrifid
maybe needs.more update
without dowloading another app now? Ridiculous.
Don't know why it needs to go through all my private info.
Good baby
Save Our Great Wild Life.
It was a great app to connect eith society
if you go to your settings and press on apps, you'll see what permission Facebook has. Basically Facebook can CONTROL YOUR WHOLE PHONE!!!!! CREEPY af if you ask me.
Nice
I shouldn't have to download a different application to view my messages, which I don't have room for because this application already takes up half the space on my device's storage and it won't let me switch it to a different storage location.
I can't open the application after last update
Suck it
For Nexus 7 2nd generation with 4.4.3.  Still slow slow slow!!!!!
I don't know what happened but it sucks!! Every post says it was posted NOW, when I know that it was posted hours even days ago!!! Please FIX!!! Not happy!!!!
Lol
Toutan
Bad application for Samsung
Bat dau chивn facebook,
Because i haven't been able to watch videos since three updates ago, and now i have to use more memory on my phone to install a separate app for messaging, which I'm not going to do.
Need more features
GREAT
I hate this new update they always have to mess it up it was working great now it lags. I would give it 1star until they put it back the way it was.
Hi
Messenger really? That's stupid and I refuse. Tried to take Facebook of my phone and it won't let me. I only have it to keep my out of state family happy being pictures of my daughter anymore
Great!
It takes up a lot of room. In my phone I have to unstall apps.
Beep and other
More organized!
He
Good
I just like it
Why do I need messenger?  This app has been doing nothing but freezing on me. Never had this issue until I downloaded messenger. And what gives you the right to delete my sd card as stated in the terms of use, along with other commie terms?
It's Good..
Needs more time to mature...
It is one of the most liked social networking ..
Love it to death
Had to install three times
Rubbish

Love to read the crazy posts that people leave..Lol fun place to chat with family and friends
Crashes often after the update and also has a lot of flaws....hangs multiple times and doesn't load most of the times,.. Other apps are working fine....
Damonn
Nice app
I
Way, way too intrusive. Hate the new George Orwell messenger. Got rid of it.
Good
Awasome
Facebook creates force to install it apps. It's not good.
Very nice
The messenger app should be an option and not mandatory ═╣-.-═╣
Angel lia
I can't mesaage people from the app (I have to do it via de messenger app) and it doesn't let me watch some videos
Fb
messenger is eh
Ji
No idea what's with it but my facebook crashes not even a minute after I open it. I can't do anything. Fix, please.
Sexy   ...
Take more than a while to load all pictures on my timeline.
There should be away to block game invites. I've looked on my settings and I can't find one, please make one. I know, I'm not the only one on fb that hates it.
Not.bad but it hangs too much
Whats app is better
This intallestain is 2 irrited
How can you rate a update you havent got to use yet now if your talking about facebook in general it sucks I dont like going to MY facebook page and seeing all these people I dont know messages yet I have to go to all together different messages to get my messages what up with that
Good
i can't like any pics........... Now my f.b page keeps closing every time I put it on !.....I reported it but no response.....any suggestions .....anyone !..
something weird on fb messenger i need to log in everytime..
It takes over my phone storage can't change it to the SD card have to keep uninstalling it cause every time I try DL something cause of FB app not enough room yea right!!!
Star Ship Federation
Ok
I LOVE You  Tim W
Please take this app off already.
Can't believe they removed messenger functionality and require a second app, with an even more invasive privacy policy. And it still spams you with messages you can't read! Terrible.

I have sumsung phone and i cant reply any comment on the phone please add reply switch to this app it is very important
i can't see my newsfeed anymore .. it keep saying connection lost but when i open my friend request and notification its working fine . i already tap so many times to see my newsfeed but nothings working!
Lovley!!!@   ;-)
Loved it....n above all facebook...
Good
Nice
Ganda
just a slow app period I just login the regular way on my phone
Its not like other apps that you need to only put you're password and user name.
I think it is stupid we have to have a separate app for Facebook messages and I wish it was as simple as it used to be. Quit changing things. When I log in I want to see the most recent statuses not crap from three days ago
It  is  amsing now
Very slow app
12/10
It lags and freezes
Ok
Best
Gang Duarte Ca
Zindgi Bohat choti ha. Enjoy it, geo or genay do.
I liked the previous like button of photo viewer... now its not good... I don't like it . 2 stars down 4 that...
I'll give u 5 stars if there is copy paste option.... I can't copy the text i want to keep in my notes frm news feed
Forecloses alot
Played video keep on hang with this version 16.0.0.20.15.
<3<3
To connect with friends
Good
I love it at five stars, the one and only problem is space on my phone, everything else is great,but it needs to take up less space, that's all
It won't install saying error 24. And when I did have it. It would always shutdown when I start scrolling.  I hope they fix it cause it was a good app
Almost everyday you have an update!  Plus it takes SOOOOO MUCH SPACE ON MY PHONE!
Half the time it freezes or just shuts down
Eh...I've had better
Agnel
I like
Can't scroll past videos without the app freezing for about 30 seconds. Please fix as this is very annoying.....
m
It takes abundance of space from my phone
I am the king
Most Recent Feed now hidden under "More" :-/..
After update new version still the same always hanging & show msg not respond force close pls fix bug error asap
Force closes. Freezes constantly
Good
Don't  like videos running automatically.
Verry nice applications
Facebook
Facebook for iOS is more e awesome ;(
Refuses to work properly on my android devices. Works for a while and then goes to hell.
its awesome (y)
Nice application
good
This is about the slowest thing ever.
Goood
Please revert it
Very efficiently.
I just had to unstiall and install again just know....fix ASAP
Cool and works good
Wow
Amaging
Funy
I actually have so much to say about why it needs all this personal info ... hmmm well one thing is forsure.. i only have it to connect with family around the globe
A great way to share positive energy.   It takes way to long to download
Gr8 app
Horrible! I updated last night and the "most recent" news feed doesn't work.
F.b is very very nice app is fast runing super
How do you change the feed from "top stories" to "most recent".
Super slow and its really dumb that you HAVE to download messenger I don't want that taking up room on my phone 1st app I've ever rated that's how dumb it is thank you that is all
Since I installed upon my phone is all messed up, phone freezes,only see a couple of peoples post from friends list, screws up my messages ect....
Thanks face book,It is very important to link my friend.thanks
Facebook is a great app
Brush it take up to much data
namo buddhay yin gyin thu
Location is no longer showing in status. I've tried logging off and on but still doesn't work
d official app is really very smooth yo use... the developers adding new feature in their every update making the app more interesting... thanks
Amazing
Thats not a good thing.
I hate that I don't see most recent in my feed as default anymore. Instead I'm seeing posts that are old. Please change it so we have the option if we want to see most recent instead
Its takes a lot of space unnecessarily.
Fanu says
When i go to my page and click friend my facebook delete s and goes to home screen.needs a update
Making us download messenger to receive our messages is downright outrageous!  Messenger is terrible!
More again....
Nice app. You can reach out to anywhere in the world with your friends, relatives, and family. It so happen that I have to uninstall and reinstall it again, for a new version, maybe. Thanks anyhow.
For got password
Malo
fb is my life line ........
So tired of the auto play. Runs my data out of control
Beautiful
Useful
Facebook
kalpesh rajput
Theres an update problem...i cant update it..can u fix it...??
I had to delete the app because it wouldn't open any links. Now the newly installed app won't let me even sign in. It asks me if I want to test my password and when I say yes, it closes the app completely. I have deleted and reinstalled 3 times now and the same thing. Sad day!
I hate not being able to look at my messages on this app. It's stupid.
Could be better if i didnt have to download messenger app
TDP
Have to go out of my way to see my messages.
Great
Good
It laggs everytime in the newsfeed!
Facebook always not responding after update
I have one of the latest LG smart phones and this app helps me quickly check my facebook notifications. My only concern is it takes up a lot of memory if you don't clear the catch now and again. However I also have messenger and if you use facebook more for messaging loved ones, I highly reccommend messenger.
Your stupid app has blocked me from liking anything
Just means people get to talk to me less. Don't have room on my phone for another app
Anytime I click on anyone's name in the newsfeed it crashes. It also randomly crashes while I'm scrolling. The app worked fine until I updated my software to 4.4.2 so I'm guessing that the app is clashing with it. I can't even open the forcibly downloaded FB messenger app to read my messages.
Not responding
Whats new?????????????????? o_Oo_Oo_Oo_Oo_Oo_Oo_Oo_Oo_O
Good
It's a spam with that app
Facebook should fire the app develop team. This app is horrible with many bugs and extremely slow to run
Greetns
Will not let me watch videos
I love sopi..
Why should I have to download messenger just read my messages. And it's super slow
Facebook is not downloading due to an error 403 this what Google play store gives me when I'm trying to download the FACEBOOK
Entertainment
Loading .. Loading ... Loading .. "Just for a moment"< Liar. Takes too much time. It waste your time.
If only I could give a BIG FAT NEGATIVE RATING!
When I try and upload a video.  I have to Uninstall the app just to get back on
Faster pls.
Though you make things only seen by your friends lists they have now created ways people can get past that,plus new changes are not good,etc... hate the fact thry own everything on our Facebook
Great to connect with others
App keep closing and it's driving me nuts. Cat it be fixed? Or get rid of the app completely?
To much space on memory
Its an awesome app especially on my tablet its really fast too
This apps is so good .... sure try once
top
I have an s4 wife has an s3 note hers plays videos automatically mine does not .... what's the problem? ???
Cause u can download the video, change most recent updates, easy to navigate... v5.0 sumthing...
True or not, this social media is the first socmed that blow up everybody's mind
It helps people find themselves and where they came from....

Feh
Loved it
I like
Meh
Very useful for us....
I don't want the app. Please stop.
Since recent upgrade when going onto links in posts, browser keeps on closing all the time! Never had problems before!
Jmpogie
Needing a whole other app to get messages is ridiculous. Notifications gets stuck on the first one I open and I can't see any other notifications after that.
Mariz
Facebook es the beasth
Just unistall it than install 8t again it should work
Its very good
Good
Poop
Facebook doesn't let me check my inboxs without messenger, and it spies on you, even on standby! I used to be able to put it off and decline it, but now the only button is install! I cannot do a thing. My phone freezes, restarts, my contacts have been edited. Please go to your settings and read the terms and conditions of messenger. It doesn't require your permission to take pictures of you and your surroundings to send back to 'HQ' and they change the pop ups to what your more likely to buy. They can read
Wow, its so cul
Its a good app ;-; but it crashes to much
PLEASE STOP UPDATING FACEBOOK! I can't even go to or see my about on my timeline to change my info when I want to while im on the app. It doesn't show who or how many shares on the pics either.
Not because I'm using my phone means I need messsnger I can read my messages on fb.....messangee is dumb
Sooooo nice
Don't try to force me to use it!!!!!
I like it alot
To...slow bt  okk.....
install
Ricardo Emmerson
Shouldn't have to download messenger to see messages
+place +friends etc buttons when adding a photo are not visible because of the builtin buttons of the phone.
Bella
Love this
Had to reinstall it
Crashing and locking up constantly.
Easy to use
Best
Too hard to discard reviewed post,messages and other media.
Get rid of having to get messenger and fix the bug that makes me uninstall and reinstall to get updates and it becomes 5 stars
Goood
to read my message , just wasting memory
Its amazing ..
I want this app to browse faster
This app is really gud
I like this app, thank you for creating it.
I like
Kindly fix it
This app barely works on my phone. Scrolling is VERY slow and takes FOREVER to render! PLEASE FIX THIS!!!!
Real slow
Love it
its not lookz gud...lagging my phone....
Using sonyz2 and has been having trouble posting and getting new feed.. Quite sad about it 
It was ok but it kept on glitch in on me when I get to messages
As, an Evangelist for Our Creator and The Maker of us all I am glad and very happy to be apart of such a wonderful way communication by talking through texting, typing & sharing photos.
But nice
I am leaving facebook for good.
Ok
Love the up grades n all.
Lovely
Very cool app
Comes with the messenger app that takes away any shred of privacy! Check your permission before installing!
it is very good pages.
Good for XOLOQ800X........
Pgsbng
Mmmh ang laki ng space !!!!
Messenger dont love it at all .. Slow updates
App keeps crashing.
Coll
The Facebook widget does not fit my screen correctly. Its about half the size it normally is. Looks funny lol. Please fix this. Not sure if it's because of my 2K screen or what.
Ya its ok... Not sooo gooood... Not so bad...
I love this app so much!
Most irritating Apps... Bullshit
Sometimes slow
Super fb
Crash over and over when trying to tag a photo and post it
bahut bdia
Why the hell does it make FB messenger to be compulsory and it keeps popping now and then.. Irritated!!!!
I don't like the way you have to share things I can't work out how to share to more than one person (not as a group & not all your FB friends) just a few in particular.
Good
Facebook is lame and dry and won't even load twitters way better
Great app
i should uninstall this app to update..facebook should solve this problem
requir high memory and it store in phone memory if it move to sd card it will bettee app
Starteeld to download but the top 15 comments were 1 star so
Not only does this app take a lot of space on your phone not Including all the updates, but it also wants u to download there stupid messenger app as well???? What's wrong with the old message board on the app itself??? So dumb
Excellent
Facebook managed to change my name from Queenella to Ella Queen for no reason I reported it to them several times but still the same  honestly I should give facebook zero rate but I will consider and just give Facebook  one star
It lets me view everything else but when i try viewing my news feed it tells me error
Just updated!! Will see how it is.
Its great here
Best
Can't share a post as a private message
J
Jimi
awesome app jxt lov it
Masuk.
Shouldn't disable messages just because you have a new app for it.
Stalls&freezes up
Facebook
facebook is my life.
It'd a great app for what it Is I'd download again and again
Doesn't work..pops up whenever it wants flipping a grey screen...not happy with it at all!!
Good 2 keep in touch
i had uninstall this app..coz its not working..now i had to install this again..what would be the problem?
Zahir Peer
Don't want to add the mesenger, unless I want to.
Not toooooo good but ok
It can't support to copy text from timeline
Helps keep me up with my friends.
The best
Very slow
Now I don't see the videos I post. If it's not broken why keep fixing it?
Hi
connect the friends
It's fine
Juice
This app allows also allows them to access your sms, camera and mic without your knowledge. Js
i hate messenger
Easy to use
Just lov'in it
Every time need to Facebook so entirely download & installed it
Cool
Liked it
Good
Excellent
It
Whenever i am trying to open my facebook account it always STOPPED ..
Radhe
It is alrght
A Great Way. To Speak To Family and Around The World
Sneha singh120
I just love it
Awesomeness
The version before this one was better
Can't be on this app at all.  Everytime I try to use it it force closes me.  I'll try everyday but be luck if it works once a week.
Nice..
I'm deleting FB for a while. Maybe for good. Today some post appeared from 2012 from EVOLVE! Campaigns.... Can't delete it. Wierd people commenting on it. I marked it as spam. Still there. I'm tired of it. Idk where it came from or how it got there. I'm done.
Cause trouble, too many kids and alot of negative activity
Nice very
Get me there n back
Not because I'm ysing my phone means I need messsnger I can read my messages on fb.....messangee is dumb
Really slow and laggy on my LG-D801
And earn that fifth star in my rating
It is so useful
Very usefull
I cant send any friend requests. If I try sending one I have to log in all over again. Weird huh!!!!
Yj
anymore facebook has changed making us do security checks like really ima delete it and make a myspace facebook is suppose to be a media were freinds connect not no security i would give a 5 star rate but yall have to change it
I hate that it keeps changing and for some reason I'm not able to see my friends most recent statuses I'm seeing them from days ago that's pretty frustrating.
Good ones
new update won't let me save pics from messages to device!! uninstalling app!
It takes too long to load the posts because of all the videos and photos by suggested posts. All I want is my friends' posts. I only can see old posts while waiting. I uninstalled the app for now.
Since the update, FB won't open links, pics can't be seen and it is SLOW. Hate scrolling through to get to most recent. Facebook is rendered absolutely useless now.
Very slowly App
I loved it
I luv facebook becouse it make contact from the people
Just don't like the changes
This new update is bullish*t, its freezing my phone & making it slow. Y'all better fix this sh*t!!!
Very slow to my phone
Navateja
Loved
Top
Waizer
I like Facebook I find it extremely ridiculous that you need to install the fb messanger to be able to do a private message. therefore I give this app a 3.
Great
Shuts down constantly, won't show new items when first opened, anytime it finally decides to update timeline, it takes you back to top. Never gives you a complete update on timeline. App sucks, especially since new update!!!
It's faster than using the browser and I think it's easy to use. Stop all the hate. :/
Not bad....
I love it because I can keep in touch with friends and family all around the world
Very good
The messenger sucks ! Dnt like that part
Uses too much memory.
Sweet
I don't like that it can use my camera and microphone, without my permission or downloaded messenger without my permission ...
Superior
I only gave this app a 1 is because I have to download messenger just to see my messages witch is dumb. I'm just gunna stop using Facebook. The messenger app takes up room that could be used for something else. This ap is just dumb now. I will give a higher rate when I don't have to have messenger just to view my messages.
I feeling manipulated that I can only check my messages with messager, a different and big ap.
Need to put messaging back on there tired of downloading extra stuff just to do that
Love it
This Facebook app has become too intrusive and has crossed the privacy line with me. I am uninstalling this app.
Love it
Good
informative
Its a part of my life
Conflict with messenger running
Keeps saying network error.
Hate messenger
Poor
More loading issues
Uninstalled. Takes up too much space uses too much data (700mb in 5 days) and over heats my phone. I also hate that I can't send or receive messages without the messenger app.
More more
There was an update yesterday, and now I can't play videos again..
Nicr Out look!
No messenger and updates that mess up and wont work when linked to other accounts
I
Good
Very nice app
Please do not allow facebook massanger for open inbox. I did install it for twice and it always make my phone freeze, automatically restart, low battrei. Yesterday i can open inbox without messanger, but today it come again on my inbox. Pleaseeee fix it.
I am so sick of top stories, what happened to letting the user see what THEY want. & for f*** sake u don't need a second app for messaging, stop data mining your users phones, and for those who think this app is too big?! Its not you just didn't get a decent size phone.
lags
Fix this this is an issue it won't open fix now or else I'm uninstalling this app
Thanks for bringing it back
Should I still keep this app on my phone? First, it takes a lot of space on my phone. Second, EVERY SINGLE personal info that I have on my phone is needed to be accessed by this app. Third, keeps on crashing. Fourth, what a poor performance, layout wise? Naahhhh! Fifth, when I post something on my wall, ALL THE OPTION AT THE BOTTOM (add pictures, the location, tagging friends and etc) ARE ALL GONE. And lastly, WHAT I REALLY HATE MOST, IT REQUIRES YOU TO DOWNLOAD MESSENGER! I need NO MESSENGER!
I
Now
Awesome me and friends love it
ILoveyou Facebook
I shouldn't have to download an app and then another app just to keep the 1st app to run correctly  that's retarded.
I love Facebook
i didnt send the request for my friend
Hi
One of the best apps there are on the android market.
Its a good app in all but the way you have to register is so horrid i mean i registed the first time but the information wasnt correct then i had to uninstall the app and when i reinstalled fb it wouldnt let me register if i van register with ease and with right information 5 star but till then 3 star
.
Best site they ever came up with a lot of exploring...yea excellent work!!!!!
Until recently, syncing my Facebook contacts to my phone contacts worked reasonably well. NOT ANY MORE. Contact photos synced from this app all appear as if they were taken with a 1 megapixel camera and zoomed in. My own contact photo absolutely will NOT Sync no matter what.
it sucks !!! i thought that if i'll update this it will so exciting bt im so wrong!!! what happen to this app???
I'm tired of all this updating, it seem to me we update once a week so you get 3 1/2 stars okay I'll bump it to 4. Now be gone! HuuuuhZoop
Better after the last update. 1)Wondering about this decision to make messenger mandatory. Is it good to have people think that an app has control over their phones camera and photos? A lot of people are dropping Facebook messenger thinking that they will lose control over their phones camera! Wake-up Facebook!
Then they excluded messaging, makes you download a different app just to see messages sooooooo......yea and the permissions for the messenger app WoW!
I rated 5 because i cant live without facebook.......hihihi
Love u
Great
This new update blows. Force closes all the time. Get it right facebook.wtf.

Tang ina talaga..!!!! Mbagal mag update ang news feeds.. Ayusin nyo nga yan bago pa ako maasar....
Very unhappy takes to much memory an data. ...an I should not be force to install a app I don't want "FB messenger"  I'm uninstalling both apps an looking for a different social networking like MySpace ,or kik
╘▐▓╗╡╜,╞└┬█╥▓▓╗─▄!!!!
Face Book
Yay
The latest update just bricked its own application - I've uninstalled and reinstalled and after 15 minutes of "setting up", it's still not working. Great set of programmers you have there!
Nice i love it
Awesome
Pat's

Good
Facebook
I'm NOT downloading messenger, forget about it! Keep messages on the soon. Gtfoh
Pesantos
Useful
Not bad
Facebook app has gone so far downhill that it is almost painful to use. Seems the devs have no regard for the user's concerns. It almost seems like a conspiracy to undermine the user experience for Android users. What can I say anyway. Why should I bother to keep complaining. The devs never consider the huge amounts of complaints which reflects the problems with the app. Perhaps they are trying to force everyone onto google+? Whatever the reason, they are undeserving of their pay packet.
So far so good
I tried to update the app last night but my phone kept saying insufficient storage so I had to clear out old data...it finally updated but now it crashes every time I try to open it...it also is slowing my phone down even more then before!!! Not happy
i love  FB  real  amazing
Really like
The new update sucks. I cant see any pictures or videos. Also still cant read my messages in app.
With out other crap I don't won't! Guess it's time to get rid of FB
great update! my phone did not crashed now
Does this have to be so complicated. Why when I don't scroll a certain way it takes me half way back up the page?! This app is really getting on my nerves I would delete it but the internet version is worse!! Fix it and leave it alone!!! Stop tweeking it!!
Who doesn't like facebook duh
Exelentes actualisaciones muy buena aplicasion
Love it
Got to download seperate app to send messeges, this app already uses enough phone memory as it is. Crap bud
its wornderfull but 1 thing is missing!:/. we cant copy texts from fb in this app
At first, the app is okay, however, due to the separate messaging app, the pair will drain your battery and data if the right settings are not implemented.
To much control of my phone
Hate this app
none
Ever time it closes
Dope app. Easy life
Hate that I have to download the messanger appbto use that feature
MySpace was better
Thanks fb
this app is very good working but also hanging up many times will using
thr best
Stupid messenger. Also I checked permissions for the face book app. First one says " sends emails without the host knowing" I guess you get points for being honest but Dam, can you not send emails bro
Meh!!!
~Terima  Kasih Banyak @
Nic
Getting sick of this Facebook app. With every update it gets worse. 98% of the time the screen freezes and I get a non responsive message. Sometimes it just kicks me out totally. Most videos wont play and them it freezes again. Frustrating to say the least!!
5555
Nice
All
I can't watch videos on my phone anymore say sry something has happened reinstalled it worked for 1hr n stopped again... Then it worked til i updated not it has stopped again this is BS!
Why do you have to keep upgrading this site??? It just gets more confusing & does not keep news feeds in order...stop messing with it!!! Geeze!!!
Excellent site
Easy
The app runs good h just that I can't upload any pictures
Keeping the faith
Why do we need your stupid messenger app to read my messages! Deleting!
Before update fb was ok bt aftr update i cudnt lyk or do anythng.. it just says service nt available..
,very cool
I honestly have to get the messenger app pfft. Smh
Awesome
Try this apps cool
Kicks me off when a video starts to play. And then comes back blank.
Love it
Not working on Sony expiria since the android update last week and no reply from support of the when I emailed the problem to them
Why would I want that? No way update, needs to be optional first. Not to mention double storage requirements with messenger.
Ok app no probs yet
Always says Facebook not responding
so easy way to open thankyou for the maker of this app :) gbu
Ok
Great Attributes Much support Mt Finley.
Updated itself today and now it won't work at all.
K
It's not a app. It is application  between new friends
I love facebook
When I get on Facebook I see that some of my friends are on and I think its very good ideal. Then I can post how good I did at my rodeos and how much I had fun and stuff like that!!!!!
Martha
Fantastic
GLITTTTCH
I really love this app. It's amazing!!
Don't like being forced to download messenger!!!!!!!
What happened?!?. I used to watch videos on my news feed or when i upload. Now i cant. Don't even get me started on messenger!! Two thumbs down!  Just making things difficult. I should of never updated. Take heed if you haven't update FB yet. I regretted it since.
wow
App is getting worse with each update.
My Facebook keeps closing on me. Saying "unfortunately there was a problem" ive sent reports.  Ive uninstalled/ reinstalled. Deleted every app I have. Took out my battery. Un connected then reconnected to the wifi. It'll let me acces FB messanger but not FB !
Good
For all the reasons stated in the many comments. It will b interesting to see what you (facebook) Will do w/feedback & how quickly u take steps to implement/eliminate what's required to fix. The oness is on u. How seriously u deal with these things will determine your rating
If you want to installed the Facebook application is now you have to give them access to all your personal information what kind of bullshit is that
Please sort this out - this app takes up too much space, esp on android when i cant move it to an sd card! also i dont like having a separate app for messages, taking even more space :/
Nice app
I uninstalled this app due to the permissions. At no time is okay to access my phone to take pictures, video or record anything! I also don't like the idea of you accessing my text messages. Those are between myself and whoever is sending them, not for you. Get rid of all the "extras" and I'll consider installing it again.
Love it put more like social wars games
Great
Love facebook
I'm Soooo Glad I Got This App! I Was Able To Reconnected With Family & Friends Who I NEVER Thought I Would Talk To Again Or See For That Matter. This App Has Been A True Blessing & I'm Truly Grateful That Now I Get To Talk To Them Everyday! Thank U So Much!!!!                   Sincerely Christina
Super Good
Big white girl
Wonderful
Since the new "update"it won't let me like or share anything, can't watch videos either. If I try, it kicks me out... everytime. I'm not going to update my phone or husband's tablet till it gets working on this tablet. Galaxy Tab 3

Good aplikasi
Like
I love Facebook.  Facebook is my life i dont know what i would  do with out it this is a very great and social app.
Love it
after playing video, it will automatically close.
:)
We want the most recent time line  back!
Aplikasi bosok koyo ngene kok iso dadi Editor Choice??!!! Dibayar piro e?! Nek update-an sing beres wis metu ngko tak install meneh. Saiki tak buak disek. Huek..
Cool
It is awsome
Chicano pride 13 sur
Hate messenger
Good
Best
I Like Talkng to
Too heavy. Too slow. Keep it simple!
Good one
It keeos crashing. I had to uninstall and thats a unconvince to me. So it sucks
Nice
Nice
Yea
I hate it
Can't view a video. Facebook app always crushes down whenever I click a video to watch it.
Cant neaver get into Facebook
Its a good app and easy to use
2 problems... takes up way too much memory... and, what's the deal with having to, leave the app, and go to another app to get to messages? How many geniuses did that have to go through to be approved. Fix that, and I give бябябябябя, I can deal w/ the size
Can not uninstall. Never wanted this app.
Wnt even load... :(
I hate that I have to update 2 times a week that's stupid and every time I update I have to turn my phone off and on then delete some pictures, then log in and then it tells me that I don't have insufficient space ???? Wtf!!! I hate it ....
Awsome!    (_)    (_)
Every time Fb does an update it crashes ALL THE TIME.
I have gave 5 star but at this time i am downloaded your apps...........does not check your apps rating.......but i hope....this apps gave me good rating......thanks a lot.
Don't think we have to go to app store to get to Facebook
Its a great way to keep in touch with friends and family
No comments. But just such a very slow app that mustn't be like that that I have ever seen. And I always getting errors in that app it has alot of errors sometime I cant upload a new profile pic and also cover pic. this app must has an issues like that because its for Facebook
Nice place to meet people and stay in touch
Nice app
LOVE IT
I try and view pictures or view videos and it boots me out with no warning whatsoever. I'm on my Galaxy tablet btw...
Love it

Mmmmuuaha
Very good
Cool
I'm sorry but these new called updates are making this app worse and worse considering I can't even open my app anymore and after uninstalling it it will not open after being reinstalled
cool
Good
Cool app now
Greatest app ever
Like it
Nik
Screen freezes every few min pic want up load . Can't go from news feed to home page .....grrrrrr
Description Facebook Knows Well Compare to my review All I can say Must Download If u Want To Connect With Your Loved ones.
The best social med. Ever
Fast...fast
It'll be cool if you let android devices invisible or unseen to others when log in with phone/tablet ..
Kuwait
Average
Its good
Real dude
I've got the update and yet mine doesn't look like it does in the pictures for the update...
For some reason, It won't let me log out. I always could log out but not anymore!!! Please fix!!!
Great
Please added videocalls in facebook to facebook in smart phones.laptop extra benfit only video calling only.
Love it
I love this app so much  it my life
Good
So by accepting terms to install Facebook app why do they include that they can use my phone camera to take pictures when they choose ????  That's totally unessassary and certainly no private for me!!!
Krishna
Like this
Love so much using facebook
Big changes I like it
Zarrar khan D G khan Pakistan And Saudi Arabia jeddah
Facebook is getting too big it keeps sticking up my phone ugh!!!!!
Social Networking
Cool cool
Eri
Pardeep
The app keeps closing WHILE I'm using it. Only happens on my Tablet. Very frustrating since I work my business on FB, many times via my Tablet.  Fix the bugs! This app is ridiculous. We still can't sort our News Feed by Most Recent.  I'm tired of scrolling through and sreing $hit from 3 days ago.  Who cares!?!?  Just fix it.
It keeps freezing up.WHY????????
Why does it suck so bad? Boo to messenger app, too!
like..
I hate how now you need messenger.. it makes me mad I have to waist more storage on my phone.. but other than that it's ok.
It kept me waiting long before it loads. Kmt
<3
What i like about facebook now, you share a lot of interesting link news
Had to uninstall when I found out all the info they want on me and how they can take over my phone.   Why wud they need to take control of my camera or contacts?
Facebook is amazing, but I'm tired of updating it every few weeks for  improvements.
Stop messing with it you are making it worse
Videos don't play logs me out all the time just not a good app if it wasn't for Facebook I wouldn't keep it on my phone
On the note 3 it's crashing an unbelievable amount atm think it's just a bug please sort it out !!
Don't waste your time
i know your making the app good but for me the last 4 version before this latest version was way more better , the latest version sucks because of the photo viewing if you zoom it its all blurry cannot be seen bring back the old version its way more better
Eddie Flemming
Nice faters
Since i updated facebook i cant see the vикdeos my friends post.. I send facebook the problem im having they still dont do nothing about it
It's take too many space for this apps ! Please mix this problem :(
What the hell is going on with this stupid app now?! I cant look at pages, I cant look at pictures or profiles without the app kicking me off completely and crashes! This is so stupid! Seriously fix this crap.
Its awesome you get to now people you get to do so many things my choice is it cool
It will let me do it for like a few times and then after that clicking on notifications just leaves it at the last one I clicked on. It won't let me open notifications. This app has been really going down hill and would prefer older models to this. -.-
Gud 1!!!
For forcing messenger
Works well
Like it
This app doesn't make me wanna drink bleach.
Facebook is Facebook drama
Please do something for landscape mode fore phablet users like me :) #Note3Problems
This app is not about improving. .. It's about seeing everything in your phone...giving big brother easier access.   Think not? ... then why does this app always get worse rather than better? Why do they need to read my text messages? This app is so annoying.
I hate the new version
Good
This app is getting on my nerve
I rated it 5 stars not because I love it but so all of you can see how disappointed I am. They created a seperate messenger to Facebook itself, silly idea. What's next? Another messenger for PC users? Of course, more application more money. If I would rate it 1 star then it would not make it in front of the page, and that's how I feel on Facebook now. Boo!
Thanks
Getting real tired of the fact that I can't load my news feed 3/4 of the time
Works good
Slamat
I love fb com. That's why I install it for faster browsing...
Bad
iLoveiT
Great way to talk to family members
Awesome
Facebook
PLEASE DONT UPGRADE VERSION!!!!
The application is overall great.
This app used to be great and would have given better rating but having to install another app to read messages is rubbish my device is already memory challenged and didn't need that! The new messenger app freezes my device if I try open from the notification. Not happy! You should of left things as they were everything available at a touch within the facebook app. :-\ so now I can't view pictures-photo's,game pics,profile pics all of them both in the Facebook app and messenger! Going to try uninstall and reinstall see if that helps. My device says I have enough memory but maybe that's it? Well that didn't work still can't see pics, my memory say over 400mb internal and over 13gb on my internal nand flash! Why can't someone/Facebook help me? I have sent in reports with screenshots and no help has been given at all! No new updates either! This bites! Following day pics came back, still not happy about having to have 2 apps instead of 1!!!!
after the update, horrible things happen. everytime I post o a group, or post a status, the app crashes. fix it please.
Facebook is the best .
I like for me is very good
Very modern communication.
Horrible. Stop making updates. Simply fix the bugs. Stop changing the site
Take out the auto play of videos and being back the internal messenger. This kills data plans and phone batteries.
The best updated your app its really amazing.
There is a constant video crash problem you seriously need to work on its video player...
Had enough of the permissions and the requirements to use fb messenger. The app has been uninstalled and I'll access my acct through a browser instead. Thanks Facebook! You're making my decision easier. I only keep my account to stay in touch with people far away, but there are always other methods.
NEVER loads news feed. Every other app that uses the Internet loads just fine! Delete
Social media will be the death of human civilization. It has bred a generation of morons and idiots
Might Uninstall it
no
Hopefully nice app .understudy it.
Slamat
I don't see the "new look" this update states. Just adding to the already monster size POS.
I really love this app i've been on facebook since 2008 i  visit my profile 24/24 7 days a week but i hate that you moved all the messages to the messenger please i don't want to download the messenger app get back the messages to her old place
U should've left well enough alone! I can't read my mail now unless I add your msger that intends to invade my privacy?! Plus fb takes up too much space & power on my phone & wont let me download pics unless I have the & now I can't even download vids no more?! Your updates & "new" app sucks big time!
Its awesome
Great app but few bugs!
Love it.
Why does fb need xcess to my mic an cam?we hav no privacy rights any more!!
I will admit Iam a Facebook junkie! ! I have developed a whole new family through there through out the past 9 years now Iam not able to log on Cuz I got a different simple card!! Lol Iam going through Facebook withdrawal lol but it's great I love my Facebook familia! !!
Simple as that.
Keeping up friends is faster than ever
Love it!! :-)
I am going to delete the app. People deleting messenger need to read app permissions with this as well ..it actually asks for more then messenger
not much needs to be changed great app
Want the old version back! Messenger suck balls big time! Force installation? More privacy invasion? Bullcrap!
Great
This is the greatest app ever
I hate going on Facebook sometimes because when I'm scrolling down my news feed and I scroll across a video it freezes until the video is done loading. It happens every single time. This didn't start happening until this new i.o.s 7 update thing happened so Please fix it
1. Needs newsfeed in chronological order 2. The app is way too big and can't go on a memory card 3. You shouldn't need the messenger app
Makes you Download messenger
Good med sos
It annoys me when FB decides to go to the top of news after you've watched a movie or something.. it drives me insane!!!!!
The update screwed it up worse than before.  Thought it was my wifi connection when clearly its just a crappy app.
OMG dis thing is WOOW
Crashes almost all of the time you go to external link! Starting at the beginning when you are 50 pages down stinks. I just want to go back where I left off! Still sucks
wao god
Spybook and its messanger app are a joke that violates are rights to privacy
I love facebook however I'm just wondering why do you have to make another app like f. Messenger if the facebook itself is perfectly fine with everyone? Anyway I still love you guys. 
What is the deal with the constant freezing as you're scrolling through your news feed? This is ridiculous!!
Rock
Very gud condition
Good
But now its crap! I need to use messenger when I choose not to in the first place bcz it keeps crashing and its a waste of space. Why cant I just use the REGULAR app?
I love this app its just right for me I can turn to messages and other things fast without it loading
Why do you need so much access to people's phone. Keep it simple!!!
<3
Facebook itself is ok if you just want to use it to talk to friends but if you own a page you will not be happy. The reach for posts posted by the page has been cut so dramatically that when we used to get over 300 likes, we now have trouble getting over 100. Not happy
the new fb photo is terrible to user, not enough options
Interesting
Rain
Its crap that I have to have the messenger app to talk to my friends not to mention the messenger app crashes my phone so I can't respond to my messages
Just taking up all my app space
Facebook
**Update 29/03/13 - since last update few weeks ago force closin ALL the time!!** Very temperamental.Will sometimes take forever to load even when wifi on full bars.Randomly crashing/force closing when i'm lookin at photos or sometimes photos just wont load & just get a blank screen.List of problems go on.These problems need to be fixed but developers don't care. **Update** 03/09/14 - this app is alot better since last year however it still force closes occasionally on my M8.Alot more improved though
The update is stable now
Might as well take off the messaging tab there is no use for it..
Waiting for another fb app that will not for ce me to install the messenger
I dont like having to download messenger to review my messages.....:/
An invasion of privacy. Unless you like facebook reading your texts (and knowing every other iota of meta data about you). Remember it was Mark Zuckerburg who called his users "f*cking idiots" and had to apologize about it. Use fb on your computer--if at all.
I like this application
Love face book
Very nice
:( it sucks
doesnt load. :(
Waiting to give 5 stars when you perfect the app. I'm sure that you would soon...
All the time ther is error conection and therr is no conection whith server
Awesome
Hate the lack of technology. .
Good
The app is good, I just don't like that it automatically refreshes when there's new stories 
Why does facebook keep going to my home screen? This sucks .. how do i get it to stay on fb?
Usman Bello Danburam
it keeps saying force close since the new updates.
Total invasion of your privacy.  Permissions give Facebook the ability to clone your phone.  Back to the browser I go.
Ok
Cool
Worst update ever.  Can't put photos to albums, and lags like it did on my s3 - Never clears group notification counts, pop-up notifications of stuff I've turned off, etc.  Such bs.
No good app.
All the time
When i make a status, feature of add photo, add friend, add place has dissapear..
My social and private place for my family and friends.
Fecebook
It spend a lot of time but it is ok for connecting with friends and other people :-)
Great
YEEHFEEHMEEH
I keep getting kicked out. I uninstalled it and reinstalled it and it still does the same thing.
News feed is rubbish. First status on mine after the update was from over two weeks ago. Why change the whole layout and settings when there was nothing wrong with it. Not happy
Useful for school group communication.
I don't understand how every ones just fine with face books permissions. How is it ok to invade out contacts, our texts, phone conversations and also the cameras front and back and the speakers. This is just bloody mental and a complete invasion of privacy and our lives. I deleted this app after finding that everything on my ebay, google and other internet sites had very strangely started to advertise stuff I had just mentioned with friends only..  Its bloody creepy and against the law sort it out!
It's simple and user-kind
Well definetly everyone has fb. Lol, and of course it helps me to reached my loved ones! So.. Hooray for fb users! GODBLESS US 
Fufk
The screen freezes randomly while I'm trying to scroll up/down. Happens even when no other apps are running or other apps work fine except this one. Pretty lame.
I superlike it before until u allowed unnecessary/scammed links to be publish.
Wish I could say what's missing
Separate message system? Really?
Love this app..keren
Cris1114
Cool Dude
Its way better than kik
Every time I go to run the app it just shuts down. I've restarted the phone but to no avail. Please fix
Bojahn
Every time I open the app it freezes. Wondering if it's because I uninstalled the messenger. I didn't have this problem before that.
I hate having to update this app all the time. Fixing to uninstall this worthless app!!
I can't chat only on this app alone without downloading Facebook messenger app. This app is really slow and it lacks the feature it once had before.
New update breaks the news feed on my GS3 completely.  Will not load on wi-fi or mobile network.
Worse update ever. Hate to see only stories from yesterday... I  don't understand how the developers get paid to do such sh****.
And love it
It only works half the time and the im crashes all the time. Fb needs to change what dose not worke not what does.
It's need a messenger tu see our chat. But 3 Stars
Everytime I go on a profile or try to view an image, the app force quits and I cannot view what I need to. Also, it's very inconvenient not being able to view messages on the app.
Cool
Love love love love love
Where is the Reply option in public pages? I used it in my iPhone, but is gone with Galaxy S5!!
Seriously...why does Facebook has to have all these personal permissions? Is Facebook the government???
Enjoying and development application
This is a goo apps for my device try this its easy and fast
Its a lovely app an it works wonderfully but it keeps kicking me off an i have to re open it an start all over an idk what causes that...
You suck face book.  Slow horribly managed.multiple apps just to read messages horrible idea. Kill yourself FB
Malarroja
Cukup
Constant updates with too many unnecessary changes. I shouldnt have to download a whole other FB app just to read FB messages when it should just all be in one app like it used to be.
I had to uninstall to then reinstall because it takes up soooooo much memory on my brand new phone. Really... why can't we save to SD card like it use to be??? Y'all r turning me into a FB hater. And loved it before.
Does the job
Too many updates with rubbish features. Was better in it's original format. I will never download the messenger app, as t is possibly onenof the worst apps I have ever used.
It would be better if u weren't always changing it
All my friends don't comment on my stupid pictures!!!!! Where's my tissues!!!
FB like uses too much space to run, some 180mb and over.  Thts way too much for such a small app such as this and it causes my other apps to glitch and lag a lot more than usual Thts why I don't use it again.
Please put messages back. I refuse to install a separate application to read and write messages.
Its getting worse and worse!!!
For me, it brings the world a little bit closer
I hate this app it was not good!!!!!!
Fb
I wish this app is better tested.  Feature wise, the android version is always lagging behind the iOS version.
I like it
Wish I never update it
Amazing app if u have fast wifi
This is the worst update ever!!!!! Since when did yesterday's or last week's statue's become the most recent news?  Sort it out
good
Don't know why it needs to access literally everything in my phone but getting better than before..
It's wonderfuk
It's Facebook  great
Bring back in app messages... messenger app has security issues
Ok

You have no business in MY business.  If I want to share information I will but you have no business mining my devices for it
Bagus
Cumbersome and ultimately pointless app for a pointless website. Waste of data.
Very nice
Awesome
We shouldn't be forced to download this bullshit that hacks ur pics and sends unwanted messages.
Putting top stories in the main news feed is just plain stupid. Who wants to go all the way to the right and scroll down to find the most recent news, plus having to do it again whenever you exit the app..
Crashes all the time!
Rules
Requires to many permissions. Resource hog.
I cannot choose which app to play Facebook videos through, this is stupid as usually I get the option to 'complete action using:' and that no longer exists sort it out! This is still happening and now I can't even choose to view my most recent statuses on the news feed anymore, this is crap
New update keeps closing after i see about 10 stories on my newsfeed, i see im not the only one either.    Fix it.                        Updated it, still same problem.  Think im done with facebook.   Been a week, still the same. Dumping it
Why should I go out of my way to get my messages? So you can get more money? Sorry, I'll go on my browser.
I love facebook
Wrost app ever.
Better dan all other apps
So many permissions...
Always refresh automaticly,even were set never refresh. Better the old version. Do something!!
Very good
Facebook
I open the newly installed but it just keep on loading the whole time.  Unable to see/view a thing its just all white screen.
Slow to open. But i like the features.
The lastest update doesn't open the app, it hangs whenever I open the app... pls fix
Nice ..
Always good
Facebook Maestro

Developers don't seem to listen to the users. I don't want the Top News by default!!! Who cares about posts from three days ago? No way to set Most Recent by default and it's a pita to set it every single time. Also, Turn Off Notifications never works!!! Each update makes things worse. Nothing new with this update. Same thing as always. Setting for auto play videos has been removed on my phone version, but not my tablet.
Facebook is stupid wana try to see my personal business I should sue facebook for invasion of privacy I delted it and will never use it again
LOve
Very bad  for videos can't download at this update
Terrible since last update it's slow and buggy,  slows down my phone app constantly crashes... Very unstable. You'd think Facebook being as popular and valued at what it is you'd get some real programmers to make a half decent app... Sort ya life out Facebook or I'll remove ya junky app from my mobile
Now unusable, what the hell did you do with the lasted update!!?!!
While I do enjoy the Facebook app on my Android device, I can't stand Facebook trying to force me to use a separate app for messaging. It really takes away from the experience. I will never install a standalone app, I already have a personal messaging app.
So it still freezes but yes nothing done about it. Fucking fix it
Wish there were more options.
I enjoy keeping intouch with my family and I can with facebook
Not letting you into my private life
Cool
Decent improvements
Very poor app. It takes too much space. Im also unable to transfer it to my sd card. Pls fix this problem as soon as possible.
i dont like message to have a separate apps...every update  its always log...
Good program with good new app.
Keeps telling me it's updating when I go to sign in I'll give it a higher ranking when you fix my sign in issue
Very fast upload photo and has improved a lot than the older version
I love facebook
Ossum
No longer able to load my news feed....???
Please do try to cut down the app's appetite for ram!!
Superb
Keeps freezing & often has a blank screen
But I can't watch any videos. Everytime I press the play button an error message appears saying "Sorry an unknown error occurred whilst trying to play this video"..it's becoming inconvenient!
The storage problem I was facing, is now solved because I switched to a new device. Still not changing the ratings.
Fix this.. It was freezing & I uninstalled it & i tried installing it again & it refuses..
LOOK AT THE PREMISSIONS.  You no longer have privacy.
Lav it
Nice
Just ok
I cannot figure out why you continue to change things and make them worse. I don't want to see old stories or what Facebook thinks is more important. I want my newsfeed to default to most recent posts! Yet another update wherein facebook won't do what the people ask. I should be allowed the option of having my newsfeed default to most recent and won't give a better review until that happens.
Need to chabge
I just read the app info, and seen that it has access to my call log, and it can read my text messages.... I don't think it should need all of my information on my phone, invasion of privacy. Plus hate the messenger app!!
Works on chaser from virgin mobile
Dude. It's fast as heck to post and send messages. I'm never using my computer again
96%
Magnificent apps

Ok
Love
great
Love it
keeping in touch with others
I cant not upload Facebook by using the widget.  Please fix ASAP
Stop sujestin messenger...gets really annoyin
Very technological, very good service. 73love.ms.midnight
The basic app we use to like is now getting very difficult to navigate.
So it won't freeze anymore?
i love it
Refuse to use your spying messenger. Get rid of uncle sam and let the people be!!!!
This app won't even let me on it, it just keeps saying Facebook not responding. I've uninstalled it and the re-installed it and its still doing it:( what's the point of this app if you can't even get on it! Please fix!!!
Love this its awsom
I don't like it when it beeps every time someone posts on those groups.
Real conpanion
Not getting to download it :/
HATE that u can't access messages through the app unless u install messenger which can turn your camera on video and phone ppl I like my privacy and the fact I have children serious faux pas on Facebook tbh keeps closing and crashing useless tbh
much information to access
like
Ruhul islam
Really good after the update
is me is
You can edit and delete comments. Learn the app and then do your rating.
Love this app
This app is good but this app don't off line please get is
This app stopped working for me and wouldnt load my news feed so I tried turning my phone off and back on again and it still wouldn't work so I decided to un install the app. Now it won't let me install it back onto my phone. You need to sort it out.
Every time i look at a group of pictures that someone has posted the app freezes.  I then have to exit off the app and wait atleast 5 minutes for the app to not be frozen anymore.
I loved it
Yay
It takes too much space i understand facebook is essential to communicate and socialize but the space is damaging and now we cant chat without downloading messenger which is basically forcing us to take more space up.
Sucks balls
I love this app !
:( please fix it... because i love facebook.. hope that you will fix it guys....
I shouldn't have to download two apps to send a message.
i have 90mb space but this app say ur memory i full i hate new  version
I would have given you more stars except for the messenger I am supposed to download to get my message text
Nice app
My phones network is working but facebook won't connect it gives me a ssl handshake faild error. Please fix
Since the new update in fb app, can't save the pictures due to the absence of the options ... Please fix the bug asap...
After the update in HTC One M8 all the FB photos disappeared from the contact list.
each n evry week i need to update ths app! highly iritating man! nothn new in d updates.. it claims to improve speed.. bt speed remains d same wid evry update..
Takes forever to open
I dont see the point of taking out the messages from thr Facebook App already !
Something is wrong with app. Closes as soon as I open it
Considering this is the app for the biggest social media network it's rubbish. Keeps crashing. Videos sometimes don't play. Just an annoying app
Nice
4nemmK
Everything worked before I had no complaints but now I need 2 apps to do what the first one did? Duh! Who is your coder now? Homer Simpleton. Grrr FB apps Suck big ones !
This new Facebook is trash. Complete trash. Ever since you guys changed everything, I've been having problems. This ain't Twitter and no need for any competition. What's wrong with the older version of Facebook before you changed everything?
Yyyyyy
Constantly force closing,  and separating messenger is bullshit.
Facebook
1,000,000,000 downloads!
I don't like your messenger app.Other than that I like FB.
Terrible update!!!! Videos now playing but screen is still very jerky!!! Pics take forever to load, and far too many permissions !!!!!
I do not like the new messenger should be taken off and don't make you download it to read your inbox sad thing. Might delete Facebook in its entirety.
After updating,  it hasn't loaded up.  Even after uninstalling and installing again.
At even long see with you. In side my and my end...
G4  DOWN LOAD TAKES FOR EVER 30 mins and still wAITING....BORED WAITING NOW 45 MINS...SORT IT OUT
To slow an not functioning correctly
Slow application, takes up a lot of memory, runs in the background unnecessarily, uses gps when not needed etc. The android developers compared to the iPhone ones don't seem to care at all. They just add additions as opposed to optimizing
Love
Ace
This app is confusing but I like it . cuz I see everything that I want.
This app blacks out after 1minute and then seconds I have to force stop it all the time its a major pain especially when I'm trying to watch videos or upload pictures
I had posted a review earlier..dunno if it uploaded..complaining that I couldn't change my profile picture on my phone or edit posts. Well with the new update, I can!!! Woot woot! *happy dance*
the new versions SUCKS!  get back 6.0 ....  10 times better then this crap....  and why the hell you stop old version fb from working ...  you just make people to download  the latest crappie  version.PUKE. nothing  new!  just getting wors!
I love Facebook
Love it but y so much data to download -_-
But it's still too slow and has big glitches.
i like this app especially on my galaxy its so good i can connect with my friends even on massenger thank we support you bring us more
takes too much space
So great
Get the app
Good app
Crashes
Excellent
Well updated and now DOES NOT UPDATE CONNECT , read these feedbacks because All is NOT GOOD , was working fine before this update on my Xperia Z not Happy
look at what you allow this app to do.... read your texts, make phone calls, take photos! access and use your microphone,  delete things off your sd card! Be careful! this should nor be allowed!!
I loveit
Very slow,and why do we have to download messenger?can't use the app to chat..fix that and I will give 5 star..
Can't access my inbox msgs directly from my timeline until I go to FB messenger.Not cool!
Facebook
perfect
Yuck
It keeps crashing my phone and pretending there's no connection when all other apps are working fine.
Won't open ! Turd
Ever since the newest update it says I don't have Internet connection when all of my other Internet only apps work just fine.  I forced shut down on the app and that didn't help so I uninstalled & reinstalled it but still didn't work
Why is it you never ever fix the problems with this app?? All you do is release new features while the current ones do not work and it seems that the more updates you release the worse facebook bugs out. Painting over cracks will never work!
Now it won't update the news feed after this update. Not to mention the completely ridiculous messenger that I will not download. Get it together fb
After today's update, nothing is working properly. News feed doesn't refresh at all.
Easy
my facebook is shutting every 5 min fn' minutes
I used to LOVE this game, but with every new update, there have been more and more game crashes. Sometimes during a war or raid, which means that you lose.
I can't install the app after updating my OS.
Got the update and it won't let me post anything. I can read everyone's post but I can't respond it tells me to check my internet connection when I have full connection and no prob on any other site
Every update comes roaring in saying oh it fixes this... Fixes that. Never has an update made the app stable. If Facebook cared about the users as much as they care about forcing advertising down the users throat the apps would be amazing. So here I am today, updated, unable to do the simplest of things through the app, and just down right let down. Thanks Facebook for at least being reliable on failing to provide the most basic of experiences.
Love it
Worst update ever!! Doesn't work anymore on my phone. Keeps loading forever.
Very, very bad!
nice and faster please make something that will give u some details ofline for esample news feed
Down
Now that it has been updated, or won't connect to the internet. Facebook is useless without an internet connection.
Why I get blocked
Decent with a few minor flaws
Bad
always crash on my note 3... u dont even make   much better.So i reduce to 2 starбь....to 1 srar...
Forcing me to install a separate app to read my messages?!  No thanks.  I'll use the website here and there but I'm done with this app.
Loved it
It would be 5 but we have to have a messenger for the messages
I can't even load my feed please fix soon
You have taken an app and fucked it up. News feed errors?
Constantly crashes, automatically closes, can't view groups or view friends list without it locking up and crashing!
Favorite app
It was great till this update AGAIN which has ruined the app once more. Now the news feed won't refresh so it's basically useless right now. Stop fixing what doesn't need to be fixed.
After the last three updates my news feed has a error loading I have to restart my phone to get it back to Normal almost every month
V nice
meh...whatever
Its acting dumm.  &
it is serving  very well....   but the  messanger  system  is too poor
Have to keep uninstalling
Nice
Its a good app. I just hate when you guys don't inform us about updates and it screws up the whole system.
I hate having to use my phone's browser just to use messages when the app did it previously. There is no reason why I should have to download a second app just for one feature. I'm also having a lot of problems with it freezing as I go back through my feed, and hate that I have to specifically say I want the most recent feed instead of top posts EVERY. TIME.
Every time it updates it gets worse! U guys are always having technical problems and its very annoying! Of course you all dont care but im done with Facebook, its useless now
I cant even update my status Whiskey Tango Foxtrot!!!!!!
New feed won't load
They can film us ! Why ?!!!!
Wow.. i cant even log in on it! It worked fine until i had to update it. How stupid.
Because of recent update im starting to recieve new feed error...
Besides the fact you now need nearly 200mb on my phone to operate I press back and it shuts down. ... now the news feeds are all over the place again, we want the most recent post not most recently replied. .yay new update.  Doesn't even LOAD.... Just hangs saying NEWS FEED LOAD ERROR. ...... WTF NEXT
Slow as fuk
its okay :/. whenever theres an update i have to uninstall and then install the app back. Also, the fact that I have to have a completely seperate app for my messages is annoying and unecessary.
Since the update my news feed won't load.
Not a big fan of the news feed. Really not interested in what happen 3 to 4 days ago....
takes up too much space on phone. will not download another app to read my measages.
App itself ok, never loads constant errors other apps don't have a problem connecting to data
Good life
I'm having problems refreshing
Won't let me sign in don't get this it takes up so much storage and doesn't allow you to sign in!
i will give u 5 stars if u fake that problem every time when i want to update i shoude uninstall the reinstall plz fix it
It kept popping up...Error loading news feed. Something went wrong. I logged out and now I can't log back in.
For some reason this fb app eats a lot of ram and cpu. Its the equivalent of 5 games running at the same time.time  Its easier to mention the things that do work. Photo upload works decent. New update 9/3/14: I'm slowly getting used to not using fb. It's starting to be as relevant as MySpace to me. Forces you to update. Says no network though there is one. all of these permissions fb needs on my phone is ridiculous. Fb is a social chat site. Not my camera, phone service. Email, microphone all in one!
Galaxy s5 still has an overwhelming horrible amount of problems with app not loading status and refreshing news feed. I've had more problems with the update and now it crashes. Very disappointed.  Facebook is bad uummkaay
Crashes constantly, makes me turn off WiFi to work, and gives me my "newsfeed" on a 12 hour delay. Pathetic compared to the version in app store.
Good for me
Just did. My update and nothing is working
Facebook just updated again, and now my news feed won't load. Once I finally get the news feed to load, the comments won't load. Keep getting the stupid "oops, something broke" screen.
Loading any thing from my news feed to my pokes after the update its not doing anything please fix
My phone automatically updated this app and now my news feed won't update properly...very disappointed
Now that I've updated it ... somethings wrong with my internet and the news feed won't load. Fix it
Had to un install 
I keep getting the message that it is having trouble loading my news feed.  It's annoying to say the least.
Haita
Goes from 43 minutes ago to 6 hours ago. Why am I missing 5 hours? And this new update is horrible. Everything pops up as error. I can't read any comments and the app is running slow.
Keeps taking me to home screen keeps freezing while scrolling and keeps saying I don't have a internet connection when I'm using wifi
Dunyada cox insan facebooka girir yaxdidida
Always error loading news feed & then doesnt connect to the games since last update
So hate the new update because you cant see the newest newsfeed and it takes forever to just to see who is online. Its not even letting me log in
I hate this new update its slow and horrible connection fix it
Good
Full of Droma...
When I download the Facebook app and ooen it nothing shows up on my screen so I delete it
good try
You updated the app and now I can't log in.  Just keeps saying I have no Internet connection on my Tab S. Nice job!
Something went wrong with your new update, cannot post, or read fb news.
Keeps on freezing and trouble logging out.
I can never see what's just happened, I only see what has been posted the day before!!! Shocking
Completely drained my battery and caused a mini breakdown. Had to uninstall.
News feed won't load, and just tried downloading messenger and it won't log in. You guys suck at updating apps. Stop trying
I DID NOT INSTALL UP DATE AND AUTO UPDATE IS TURNED OFF! STOP HACKING MY PHONE!
Now all I get is Error Loading News feed? Sort it out! Surely you should have this licked by now... Poor
Since I updated it just doesnt load anymore ridiculous.
Nice look but old version worked faster and was more responsive.
Having trouble with network feed for the last 2 days
Gl
Now it won't load my news feed.
Have my wifi on and it wont load my feeds, had to uninstall and install for it to work
Nothing loads on Wi-Fi or mobile data. Idk about this update.
this fb need fix had troubleoading
Worked fine......until i updated it....crap!
Liked it
They access everything on your cell - & charge you for it
I'll keep using it, but until I can check my messages through the app, to hell with good ratings.
Loading slow...eating my ram
I've had to uninstall this app twice now on a brand new phone because it doesn't work half the time!! Fix it
I knew I shouldn't of updated it with all the bad reviews but I did anyways. Now I can't even update my news feed or post anything on my behalf. Terrible and Facebook needs to fix this asap, otherwise it is literally a useless app.
The app will freeze and lock up my entire phone! Then it will shut it off completely! It's ridiculous to have so many issues and tons of "error loading newsfeed/messages/comments/pictures/etc" unloading and reloading doesn't help...This is crap
Since updates, phone is constantly freezing and crashing. My phone is a stock Droid Bionic. Come on, get it right!
Thunder
Taking up way too much space updating all the time, still having to uninstall and reinstall every time there's an update, which is every week, just to get the app to work properly
The best update for app i have ever seen since i used android . Really appreciated. Thank u. For your great effort.
Hate having to download an extra app just to read my messages!!!
Good
Invasion of privacy. You shouldnt have to download messanger to look at your messages. The app fails on a regular basis and I have to uninstall abd re-install it.
Goood
Good app
Crap as new update man cant even use facebook now jus say error loading news feed waste of data downloading i need to sort da rubish out
As of Sept 9, 2014 this update. I can no longer see comments!
Well once again Facebook was working just fine and then you go and make another freaking update and now nothing is loading... Hurry up and fix it. Seriously getting agitated with Facebook rn
7lwa :D
I Have Problems With It Loading Up.
nice app
Updated the application yesterday and now nothing will load. Should have figured out the bugs beforehand.
It's Facebook. ....
I keep having to uninstall and reinstall the app. It keeps freezing or shuts down my phone while I'm using the app.
9/3/14 currently not loading news feed correctly or time line. Hey Facebook how about making your app actually work? That'd be great.
Not working. Says error loading news feed, and won't post statuses. My data is working fine.
Not getting my notifications and not syncing!!! Please fix asap!!!
I can't post pictures on a status anymore, I really don't like the new setup
Htc one M8
Stopped working
Terrible!! Have to physically look In my messages to see if I have any, also why don't I get notificated!
Android facebook app has always been good to me
Really annoying constantly Facebook not working. Uninstalling then reinstalling it's a pain
I like it...facebook freak but it freezes alot getting tired gonna delete it
Thanks :)
Wont refresh feed or upload pictures or videos when updated, have to install then uninstall, do not like messenger app :(   Fix this for a more positive feedback
Not letting me post or like anything.
When you made it where we have to download a separate app to receive messages you really messed up and I'm sure everyone agrees that move is giving you a bad name.
Worked fine before the update, but now it keeps saying I need to connect my internet connection. I can browse the web and get on YouTube on this connection but somehow my Wi-Fi connection isn't strong enough for facebook. It's bad enough you forced messenger on us users (which I still refuse to install) but now I have to deal with this crap. That's strike 2.
Won't let me log back in like what's up with that
This app sucks! Rarely works correctly!  Fix it! Stop trying to improve on it. You're making it worse.
I can't even see my news feed now. It looks much more complicated than it ever has been. Won't be using this app.
It's beyond stupid that you'd try and force users to use a separate messaging app. My friends and I refuse. You've done an excellent job at forcing users to use the messaging apps of the competition. Bravo!
as I have to go out of my way to review msgs I ll give 3 strs otherwise I would have given 5
Now that I open the app it says I have no connection when I actually do
Nice
This app keeps getting worse with every update. The newest update wont even connect yo my 4G network, even though I have full service
Awesome
Very good f.b
News feed doesn't load. Can't upload photos. Latest update no bueno. :-(
Just updated and now won't work
Nice
Ehh it's ok
Now that I Uninstalled then reinstalled it I can't login. So I am completely Uninstalling it and messenger.  Pretty much all of my Facebook apps quit working and you need to fix it.
Ok
F#$% you there is nothing wrong with my internet connect. You got this message didn't you. Cut the big brother crap out. I hope Australia nails you guys.
"Try again later" all the time. How much later?
Way too complex. What is Mark been thinking.
Messenger sucks
From i updated an hour ago the news feeds wont load, cant comment on anything and cant post pics... using samsung s4
I suffered from fcb msn also fcb does not work generaly as it was what's the problem!!!?
Seems to crash since last update..profiles aapear blank...restarting phone more..not impressed
There is a problem with this version. Don't connect. Just on  Facebook I don't have internet
I do not like this update. Will not load anything except from before the update. Fix this. HTC one
Seriously.  What is wrong with this development team. Updates are supposed to improve things. Not make them worse. I also want to see all my news feed. I should be able to pick what I want to see. You should not decided this for me. And now I can't even connect.  What crap.
I would have given 5 stars but this app takes too much space on the phone. Fix it and get 5 stars.
App uses a ridiculous amount of background data
I cannot even see my newsfeed after the latest update and it takes up too much space.
It could be better
Like
Chat with friends
Messenger is ridiculous Facebook should not be able to watch us from our phones
Great application
Is the best social network
It would be better if I could automatically see current news feed statuses.  It annoys me to old posts
After reading what liberties Facebook claimed the right to have over my phone and contacts, I decided to uninstall. I do not wish to have audio recorded of me or my contacts emailed without my permission. That's just the beginning of "permissions" with which I disagree.
Last update sucks!
What happened to mobile facebook? I just dont like using this because of the space....
Fix it!!!!
Most recent update keeps showing error message across the entire site..ie: time line ; news feed ( mine & others) & also getting an error saying "can't communicate" at bottom of pages.  What's up with this update?
Can you fix the app on updates it switch off and logs out by itself. But anyways it an awesome app
Fix the bug.. I cant logout..!
It keeps freezing and staying no connection facebook is really gone down hill
Ok so you guys fixed my dec 31 1969 bug but... its just one problem after another with fb. Now it wont let me log in. Leeps popping up saying "connection error" or "connection time out" im on wifi so I dont see why it wont let me. All of my other apps work. Until this is fixed I wont get on fb. And the app is too slow. I get a messenger chat head opened whenever im in the middle of a post. Fb is messrd up. It went from a two star to one. б·Galaxy S3б√
Itt works like half the time. Then the other half its a paperweight. :-(
Its broke... again! Please fix cause it wont load! :-/
Sometimes my facebook glitches out and doesn't respond.
Since latest update keep getting message error loading news feed... if it ain't broke it dont need fixing
Great till it kicks me off
Get rid of messenger. -.-
Just updated. Now can't retrieve notifications, can't read or leave comments. Says check Internet connection.  It's not Internet. It's FACEBOOK!!!!!  I wish you people would leave it alone!!!!!  It wasn't broke and you didn't fix it.
Too many updates that don't help operation, every update changes the app but never improves it
Im trying to use this and neither this or the messenger app doesn't work. This useless
Garbage
Super sucky after upgrade...un- installed. Samsung Vibrant
I can not post questions in groups and why we need messenger for watching our messages :/ :(
Can you repairs any problem?? Why should I use a messanger???
Good
Its not a good app!
Shkelzen
Idgaf its awezome
Its a good app but because oft he new facebook messenging app i can't see my messages like you have to change that
All in opinion, but it drops connection all the time, no option to choose the order of your news feed, have to have messaging app to message so it can do things without your permission, Facebook as gone so far down hill. Getting rid of this garbage.  Need a new social media app all together.
LOVED IT
If it didnt force shut it be great
Last update cannot use my face book
Always freezing up and locking up my phone
App has got way worse. Keeps freezing
Tnx
It acts up frequently,where it says "error loading news feed".
So despite full Internet my whole Facebook packs up so I go to sign in and back our and you won't even let me log back in ! Fail !
Feds watching
Love it
Exellent
It sucks
News feed is not loading at all has happened with the newest up date
Just really wish it would stop showing me posts from days ago on my timeline. Other than that the app is good maybe a bit stricter with privacy and security.
Hate that I have to have facebook messenger to view messages. The point of an app is to make things easier, not to make me have 12 facebook apps all for different things
Get rid of messenger fags
What is the problem ? It keeps giving me connection's failure! !!!?????
The app freezes all the time causing me to restart and accessing it through others posts. I keep getting "error loading time line" messages.
There are so many issues. There is everytime error loading news feed.
Developers update so often the news feed doesn't work very well at all anymore. So many errors loading I have to force close and restart constantly. With every update the news feed and refresh problems get worse, I'm sure glad I didn't waste any of my money on facebook stocks.
Please fix. Note 3 user.
Ha gayy
Since I updated my newsfeed an pages arent loading /refreshing. Just keeps telling me theres a connection error. Isn't the whole point of an update to make something better, not worse Please fix.
I hated it cuz it says i have to get messager and then i have to uninstill it then reinstill
Why would I want to install an app to use another app....get it together FACEBOOK!!!
Sick bro
Freezes too much.
PLEASE WE NEED FAST BROWSING FIX IT I WILL RATE 5 STAR
This app always freeze
Why should I have to download another app just to see my messages. I can see then in the facebook app messanger is pointless to me
The fact that I can't view my messages like I use to and now have to down load an app for it is so annoying and stupid. I hate it!
Update today 3rd Sep, has ruined my fb. All sorts of things are not loading at all.. it completely dead. Samsung galaxy s4 mini running on jelly bean 4.2.2. Please fix.nothing is loading.
Shraikh191@
Doesnt work very well cant do much and still sucks
The fact I have to shut facebook down by force stopping it wait a couple mins then go back into it and wait a couple of minutes before I can sorta use it and then it just loses service or won't let me do anything..... getting really annoyed that I have to do it all day so I can keep up with my job......
Quit playing mind games with your users!
Loved it.. 
Facebook
It's keeps force closing and freezing and how is it rated 4 stars I've only seen 1 2 and 3 star reviews
Poor
Nice nice and nice programme in the world
My news feed won't refresh no matter how many times I try please fix
I wish i could get my recent stories as my default newsfeed i miss alot of important thing because of this situation please fix.
My carrier blames FB for a new update that eats your data.. Like a lot.  I shut off auto video but still kills it.  Be nice to have honesty back in the world POS
Now it does not work at all
This new update sucks. Can't see my timeline.
Not updating feeds since update.
Five stars really
The news feed wont load right and it keeps saying error loading news feed because I wont use the messenger app or download it
All my newsfeed is all over the place. Was a good app until this happened. Please fix
Tells me I'm not connected to the Internet when everything else on my phone is connecting just fine. Also, bring the messages back to the app. I'm not getting the other app.
There are some bugs wiyh the new update. It does not accurately show who is online. Please fix it.
Really irritated with the lasted update, fb is now freezing my phone and doesn't connect to the wi-fi. I'm about to disable the app and messenger and start just using my web browser.  FIX IT FACEBOOK! YOUR LOSING YOUR FAN BASE!
Poor quality always updates and always errors. On multiple phones throughout the years.
Fucking hell
So nice and easy app..
After last update my news feed will not load. Please fix now.
Since most recent update its worst. Keeps saying error loading feed & forces close all the time.
Om sai ram
if you dont update it it gets buggy
Loads better than WPs & with the latest update it has got better, all videos to be playable plus could do with being faster at loading because sometimes it can be sluggish even with nothing running in the background & with a 2GB or 3GB RAM as well as a quad processor, news feed is not working.
If you press down on your comment, the option to edit or delete it becomes visible.
Bs it want u to download messagers in order to check ya messages so they can.spy on u smh
Whenever I get a msg while viewing my newsfeed the app force closes..and whenever I go to my notifications and come back to newsfeed it always come back to the latest news..i can't resume.. Not even one star..
Communication fb is wondrous
Cool app :)
Some days it works others it doesn't.
It says "Error loading News Feed"  and has no new stories since I updated........ugh.
Today and it doesn't work as it used to. Fix it!
Totally suckss !! Not a good app
Best
Poor
Just downloaded the new FB update and it has already crashed a number of time trying to update news feed and status also.
I really lovvvvve it
Excellent
Good
It used to be a good app; ran smoothly, never froze, etc. But now all it does is force close and take forever to load even the smallest things. -___- I hate this app now. Uninstalling!!
Really good social networking
Hopefully I remember my password after a month or so.
How do you stop the recommend pages that keep popping up and your help sucks!
Gopd app but bit slow for 2g users n even consumes to much data
Life hamad
good app but its not working smoothly in my note 3 even with 3 gb ram and its not vibrating and no notification solve it plz
I like it
Good aps really
Can't get back on my orginal Facebook
download it
Nice
Facebook is not a update my mobile
Im having same  issue as several other users on Galaxy 3. Very aggravating. And obviously the billionaire who created FB could care less. Not fixing issues.
I shouldn't have to download a separate app to get Facebook messages. Stupidest feature ever.
Y
I love it
****Edited 9/2014: Can you guys add the seach function to the app :) It would make it easier to find posts on the feed and groups.  ***4/2014 [thanks for adding the add photo to comment on the phone, the option remove ppl from an event and the option to follow /unfollow a post (after you comment)]
Good
Nice
so cool
awsome
Legit
Safety is big for me on this and its not safe accounts always getting hacked ...
O.k
Love it!!!
R saw,e :).
Takes up to much space n makes my other apps log
Good
Better
Terima Kasih Sayangku
I shouldn't have to download another app to read messages. Just more space taken up on my phone. Stupid!
I dislike the invasion of privacy,  I.e. the fact that fb can turn on my camera or microphone at any given moment without my permission.  Also,  I should be able to get my messages here NOT have to download yet ANOTHER app.
The app for every phone :)
Clerk
Interesting!
There is no reason for Facebook to access my camera, voice recorder, personal information, pictures, location, etc on my cell phone.  Seems like an infringement of my rights!!
Facebook suck!
It is  amazing
Looks great
Video Autoplay is on by default and I'm not using a separate app for messenger.
Better than I open it from browser
Because there is No connection to candy cruch from 15 days .why?
Its cool but complicated.. had 2 reinstall twice but hey, 3 stars ain't bad..
Pasai apa tak boleh guna
I would rate higher if I was not constantly nagged to install messenger to read messages on here.
So sweet!!!
great
works ok
Works great
Software                                                          milaay sab ko
Gets worse after every update
I would have given it 4 stars but I have to update every other week and that really sucks the old version I wouldn't have to update but once or twice a year
I can't get my messages on Facebook. Please fix it.
Fjhghibg
Should be easier to change settings, if it gives you a choice, then you should be able to block an app from getting your personal info!
Dikx
I have to uninstall it sometimes when I need updating..but everything else is good...
I like ...
Was a great app till they turned into big brother. A hack waiting to happen.
I would have gave 5 stars if I didn't have to go out of my way to download the messenger app
Vooll
I don't like this feature because it is no longer a private conversation it become public as well
not video player....only buffering..(samsung ydous)
Awsum clear app its a pleasure using it
I recomend this app
After the latest update I now have to swipe twice before I can unlock my phone as I have to swipe to dismiss the notification widget that pops up first before I can swipe to unlock. Such a little thing but so annoying.
very nice for use it...
Doesn't want to refresh. Keeps showing older posts over and over.
Achha hai...
Application will not open. Keep getting foreclose and shut down.
Good version
Teju
NYC app
It has become very important application as it keeps our friends in contact.
Fantastic
Its ok
Great
Connect friends from different plAces
Slow and lacking functionality.  Bring messaging back.
Apparently it's an incompatible update for my mobile... Brilliant
Good app
The older versions with chat where better. And faster.
Osm
I refuse to download another app that does the same thing this app used to do. Let me read and send messages on the main app!
Horrible app
When you try to play our view Media videos a lot of the time there is no sound....SUCKS !!!
Fantastic
Shouldn't be allowed to do things without our permission!!
Super
Adil
Nice
Be Careful
This App Is The Best!! It's So Easy To Keep In Touch With Family & Friend's... You Can Also Do So Much More On Facebook It's 100% The Best Way To Talk To Anyone Any Time & Anywhere & It Doesn't Matter Where They Are!!! So Who Could Ever Ask For More...That's Why I'm Giving This App A 5 Star Rating!!! :-D & To The Maker's & Designers Of This Awesome App Keep Up The Excellent Work...
I've been trying to download this facebook app but everytime i try it always tells me i don't have enough memory
Good application

precisely meh
Wow
Informative
Pramod borkar
Its the best wts been introduced by the owners. I luv dis app its my frnd in free time
Cool
I did not install their messenger app for the same lack of privacy issue. I use this app to keep in touch with friends and family, but disagree with the invasion of privacy in order to use it. I rarely use it since learning how much of my information is not secure. In order to view messages, I am forced to download the new app or view them via webpage. I choose a webpage so my information is somewhat secure.
Ram gopal
Are yaar facebook banane waalon agar Facebook chalane se time mile to ise thk bhi kar do!! Baar baar crash ho jaati hai video chalane par!! Thoda time nikalo ise sahi karo!!
Yes
Good application
Great app. Use it a lot.
awesome
Fine
The best !!!
Good aap
Can never log in,useless
This update is very cool
Love it
Good
Its the devil
fix this crash happy piece of code. new update is even buggier than before
love it
Its so 6 hrs late. Come on fix this place.
Seems like after this last update, my app is running smooth & as fast as it should. Thank u. Im still upset about being forced to download messenger tho. I still will not download that app. Kills my phone. That's y only the 3 stars. Other than that, wouldve been all 5! Im sorry
Facebook
Forcing the users to install another app is very dumb. I hardly use my regular facebook now and will probably be uninstalling it all the way soon until they change this.
Very slow
Facebook my favorite aPp
Way to much space is taken, I unupdated Facebook to the factory version so I could still send messages. Listen to your users and things might get better.
I like facebook
бё1/9/14...Another shite update soбяZERO STARSбяThis gross FB APP still logs me out, uninstalled and re-installed..does the same. As FB users we are all  the lifeblood of their company but Facebook clearly do not care. and now another problem...status will only post via google(calling up facebook via the browser and not actually using the app)..It is the worst app on my device.                          бё21/8/14 CRAP APP... logs me out 20 times a day...but have no choice but to use it..            бё5/8/14 FOR CRYING OUT LOUD FACEBOOK READ ALL THE BAD REVIEWS.....CAN YOU HEAR ANY OF US?? NO POINT ASKING FOR THE COMMENTS IF YOU IGNORE THEM ....бё31/7/14 Worst app ever..always logging me out..i would give NO stars if i cud!!!! бё23/7/14...What is wrong with FB..keeps moving me from my viewing to the f****ng feed page...FIX IT...                         бё25/6/14 Keeps saying FB has stopped...so uninstalled yet again omg what a farce...бё9/6/14.. after update, when I click the "photos' box, screen orientation changes from panoramic to portrait...have to turn tablet to choose photo for viewing. Uninstalled makes no difference. Very inconvenient so 1 star only. TERRIBLE.
Very Good
This app was great facebook its owsume
Because That's not good Every Week Update facebook System lol xx
Love it
Ok Thanks
Love it  ;-)
Lg G2
Like it
Sk
Commendable app......
This app needs a lot of fixing. Its always crashes! And it never wants to load.
Where are people's birthdays please?! Since this last update they have disappeared from events! App lags lots aswell now and freezes all the time which it never did.
Tyagi
It's a good website.....
Awesome
It is cutting out on me every time i try to perform a function.
Dear Devs, since the update I've had too many shut downs on my device each time i try to post something on FB. I had to uninstall and reinstall the app. What happened? Do you think it has something to do with my recent update to kitkat ver? Pls shed some light! Thanks!
Facebook is life
I enjoy this
And I don't like the way messenger has to be used and it has the ability to spy on the user!
Sexxy JANET BOOP
Its a join all frds
When we open messages in fb app .. option comes to install fb messanger .. n we cant open our messages untill we install the messanger .. please remove that thing..
This is a good apps like it
Good
Too slow and sometimes not working.
Eh. It's ok. Too many updates too often. Msngr is an option not a necessity, and messes up my antique droid, so I'm not installing msngr. I prefer the browser to surf but, I can't watch the videos without the app or tag friends, so I'll keep it for now.
ramro
Super
fast browsing
Ty
Avrege
Sucks that they need all my information
Taufeeq khan facebook name
Good app
My Facebook keeps glitching. Occasionally, when I receive notifications it flips through them with a grey screen. I'll change my rating when this is fixed.
Takes up way to much room on my phone.
Worst app
It'OK. It does not recognize what I know is my password!!
Error 923?
Fb is a part of life n my thought.
Its too good bt it is an Israel product so plz do not use it plzzzz
Nice
I have met my of my frds on fb
Kumar
I dont like where it shows posts from several hours ago then shows post just a few minutes ago. Fix this. I would like to see things in order not all mixed up.
Why cant you delete old news, old girls, etc. If you get my drift.
Kalpesh
Pretty Nice
I really dislike the fact I have to go into another app to veiw messages. I mean I think it is okay but now I have to use the browser version of Facebook... AND I CAN'T GET RID OF FACEBOOK TO MAKE ROOM ON MY PHONE. It's ridiculous. Thank you for making the main Facebook app useless to me.
Very excellent app
Anati81
Fine
i give 5 star
Itz soo intresting to use..
I dont like it now
Face book app
(y)
Very good
Love fb.. ;)
Ambhi N.V.S. RAMA RAO
Not compatible with SlimKat F2FS. Black bars and black blackground. Formatting errors on newsfeed. Most previous versions (a month ago+)is fine. Only recent ones
3 stars i could not send any message because i should download massanger fix it please i wont download massanger thanks
Excellent
Not exactly a bad app but its not what it could be. Missing out on some things
Good
But some times servies is blooked
Chauhan
Fb good
Like it
Cannot copy text for friends update
siri
Fb
Love
Hi sir I cannot login facebook massage coming disabled but why do not know
Liked it
Good
I love u
Gud
Words can't describe the impossibility and frustration this app implements on the user.
I love it
I love v much
great
Grt
Because you have to use the messaged app and that's take up to much storage for that's app
(Rating: ZERO STARS) Bring back the built in messenger. Forcing me to install the separate messenger app is a big violation of my right to choose! A BIG BULLY, COMMUNIST-LIKE ATTITUTE!
Jesh kevin
After update the app does not open
Super
Funtastic
Facebook is always good so I give 5 star I feel happy to start with facebook
The new update killed the app! Now the app no longer opens!! Wth???? Please fix!!!!
Allow people to choose on installing the messanger or not.
Waste
Panga e a y
Super
Nice apps
News feed still doesn't display in order of people posting. Freezes and force closes when trying to choose a photo from the photo scroll of my gallery. Too many unneeded permissions. Separating the messenger to a different app is the worst idea ever and in no way convenient for users.
Nt a gud app
Good app
Ggd
It is a poor and harmful apps. I want to uninstal this app but  if I do this I could not send any message from face book.. so please fix it.
chweeeeeet
The best
Keeps kicking me out takes forever to log in!! Just problems!!
Saronaems
Class
Can upload videos unlike android Fb. Good on mark zuckerberge with his great achievement
Why do I have to go to a completely different app to message people?! That's ridiculous!
Love it
Need to improve a lot.sometime i have to uninstall it
I hope FBs psychological "observations" on me throws your stats completely off, lol! 7
Facebook in hands.
Facebook
Good
Really nice app
Why???!!
Garbage, wish i never updated my old version.  The worst part about this version is it's the only one available,  it's like being taken hostage, because there's no other app to choose,  it's this garbage app or none.  PLEASE FIX THIS APPLICATION,  OR AT LEAST LET US HAVE THE OLD ONE BACK.
Ok
And when one reply to our comment and we click on notification, it should open and focus on that comment
Bill for ever yong
Nice
Facebook was good until so many updates
FC bugs
Yeah, we know how to access the recent feed. The fact that it's not the FIRST thing we see is the issue. And you're still not listening to your users.
I always hate to update this app again and again, even after continuous updates this app works same and even worst ....grrrr if I update  something worth 40 mb I at least want faster and better app performance....
I cnt live without it,its my ada wife,lol
Its cool
i want to be able to read and reply to my messages!!!!
Love it
love it
I used to be able to watch videos posted on Facebook with my Blu Studio 5.0s but since your last update everytime I try the app crashes
Love it.
Good app
Nice

Superb
Cool
Saleem
Easy use and contact people
Why can't I share something with someone in a private message on this app?
Great xx
Tony
I bet if you could hack into peoples brains so you could access personal information, send, retrieve, edit messages/ emils then sell it all you would. I can't wait for the day you remove all that stuff or someone creates a social app that doesn't include spy ware
It's taking up to much space also it keeps taking me back to my home screen and saying "facebook isn't responding" I've never had a problem until I updated it this time.
Hack off
Does what it needs to do. Not too happy about the separate app for messaging though
It keeps going back to my main home screen and the app is really really slow. Its getting annoying.
I know you guys spy on me take my information sell it to other companies and misuse it and you don't care
Supreb
Handy app..great when it works....frustrating when videos don't load .
Facebook
Facebook has too much access to my phone. I'm deleting because this app has complete access of the information on my phone. That's a big NO NO for me.
Facebook is a bully.
A great app created by fb.
Abinos gohain
Best
Works better than before
Its easy 2 use
Powerful social media platform
It slow downed my phone
Friendster is good facebook is not good
Bindas
Yeah
Place where you find friends and family
Good
I don't really want to give ratings coz it's not efficient. Why am I always getting this error. Having troulbe with fb do you wanna wait, report, and okay.??? It is so annoying .
With every update it becomes worst abd lags more.it takes too much space too and even after that you have to install a messenger just to chat
Pretty good
My social and private place
A man can share good ideas over the world by facebook
nabeel sona
Easy to use
i luv it but so much slow
Chinni
gus
AwsUmMmmm.......
You need a new android dev team
I want to view most recent post. Not post from 2 or more hours that someone commented on. Very annoying! Fix it please. & it freezes up all the time...smh
Very nice
Why I have to install another app just to read my messages!!!
Once I updated the app it stopped working..I uninstalled and installed twice and it still won't work..its ridiculous
Good
Good
assalamu alaikkum
It worked sort of great (didn't play videos) until the newest update; now no matter what I do it never gets passed the "setting up Facebook" loading screen. =[
Cooollllll
Ok
Chawal app aa salyo .. . :)
Crashes every single time I try to open it after the update.
Mr Wayne Robson
Cool app not bad at all
Love it
good
Yo yo
Can't even open Facebook with this update this is bullshit take it back the way it was
More fast and easy
Below Average
Update is piff
Great, Facebookaholic :-) Occasionally force closes but it's a great application on the run! :-)
Ok
Really good.
Nice app
I am continually at a crossroads with this app. I delete it and then reinstall a few weeks later hoping for something better than before. Bottom line, it works. If you want to use FB on your phone, this is your only app-option. But don't expect to love it, you probably won't.
Facebook has to much control over a phone. But it keeps me in touch with friends
Hiii
Here is a many problems.
Allur
Good app
nice good job:)
Salvation the problems
Very slow
Good
V
Dheer
JAY BHAGVAN
I love that I can get in contact with friends I haven't seen in years ..

It's ok but not working without updating it many times!!
Super fast
Its good vry
Is always logingout..
Face Book Update
Love it. Xxx
Nice application..
love it
Good app
very very disappointing.
Too much space, messenger, autoplay videos, and the fact that you show me posts from days past when I want to know most recent. You suck facebook.
Fantastic
Great
Good
Love fb
The fact I can't see/update/edit comments on a post in an event is a bit stupid (even my posts when I'm event admin btw, so it shouldn't be a permissions thing)
I would give it a 5 but as im going thought the status it updates automatically with out me letting me stop it so I have togo back thought and try and find where I was and just before I get back to my spot it updates again.
When i click on videos for playing, the app closes.
Evo
Gud
R
I want a dis like button.
Just give it a try that all.
Loved it
The new version of fb asks to install messenger....this is not appropriate...messenger have made my phone slower than ever....it suckssssss
Last update is very bad...u need to fix d bugs budy....
So right to have
Waste of time don,t install it
Can't logout when I am offline.the size of the app has been doubled to 66 mb.always using up the ram  even though I am not using the app.
Good a ji
Best to use but not for messaging
Make it more fast
5*********
Not working
my facebook
No thanks
ok
please add an option to use multi accounts in same time, like G+ and Twitter apps...
Good
I'm going to change my ratings from five stars to one star just because I refuse to download the messenger app because it's more space taken up on my phone I think it's crap
Jai ho
Very good
Forget it, Jake. It's Facebook.
I like to use facebook to communicate with my relatives,family,friends and ect. Funtastic
Messenger is crap I shouldn't have to go somewhere else to reply/read message
Takes up too much of the working memory thouбн
:)
Love it talk to family,
Nice
Awsome
The Facebook app was unintuitive to use before but now that I can't read Facebook messages in the Facebook app itself and have to install a separate app just for that? An app that wants permission to turn on my camera whenever it sees fit? Now that sucks!! No stars for you!
Its cool
App crashing on huawei g700... :@

Update sucks!!!  Error loading news feed!  This is what am getting after installed this recent update..  Fix it soon!!!
Tahir
As simple as that
Love the app..
Smart way for meeting everybody
Really good
Nothing works can't see pictures, videos and it will always say no conecction even though I have 4G  and WiFi full bars
awesome
Like
Obviously
Can't watch/open videos on my Sony Xperia Z2!! Fix it please !only plays videos through WiFi!!!
Convenient
avg nt sooo gud
Urden
Like it
Its goooood
I have no idea why Facebook went with messenger.  I'm seriously, I have to go out of Facebook to do direct messages.  What were you thinking?
B
Excellent
Love
I want know all my friends but they arent
Not work
Had no probs with fb until I updated it today now it doesn't work at all
Two separate apps now instead of one, a real step forward.... Not
My half life
Add functionality to stop/receive  notifications about a story in the app itself or else it could be only done from the web app.
I am using Android 4.4.2, for me it is showing incompatible update, help me
Good
When I click on a picture it takes time for it to pop up. Everything else works.
I love fb
Bangladesh
It's slow and buggy and ugly.
Lovelhyn rose
cheat
It's great
App description claims it has the ability to "text, chat, and have group conversations", but this is a lie, as the app's Messaging/Chat no longer works without an external application. I have to exit Facebook and go to the Web version to get messages, so there seems to be no point in having the Facebook app installed if I have to use the Web application to access basic features.
Just like it is in iPhone, there must be some way to quickly reach top of the newsfeed
Sangat memuaskan
Loved it
Andriod
I should not have to go.tl a different app to read my messages!
Awesome
Goog I have
Very good app.
upgrade

Awsome app
Wow..
It's just fair ... Hanging much
Love this app....
I dont really like that u got to download the fb messenger app send a facebook message
I am
Hi hi
New update sucks won't even allow me on to Facebook it keeps saying "not responding " or "uninstall and reinstall again" hope Facebook amends this ASAP
Bhut khub surat hai
Hate new messenger...want to keep the old one and it stinks having to go to another site to get messages.
Cannaction
Since I got the NEW update it constantly is freezing up.  This isn't BETTER I rather go back to the old one. I HATE BEING FORCE TO USE MESSENGER!!!!!!!
Useful
Very usefully for all
This app sucks. It force closes more than it works. I hate the new updates. It get worse and worse.
Yo
Everytime i try to login, it shows error. I tried with different facebook id ,abd everytime it showed error. Please fix this error
D 1st love app.
I would give it more stars but it takes up a lot of space on my phone. Need to fix that problem
because this is perfect app...
Eh
Coooooooool social networking site
I love this app becoz...it's easy to contect our frends whose r far away from me...nd it's awesome facility which hv to us.. !!
Good for natural use
Good
I dont know why...need to update about all the applications....???
Nice app but need to be more like pc
Won't even let me login now. It freezes before it even gets to the login screen.
App crashes when I click on video.... N also takes so much of ram
Nice
Super
Super
It might be smart to get rid of the message tab if you can use it...some new design look exactly the same as it always has.
It was a good apps, but everything went crazy after updates were installed. Often get fb not responding message.
Most of the time videos wont even play and its not because of my phone...and u guys REALLY  need to add some more color! The blue is getting really old,,!
I LIKE IT
Nice
Notbad
awesome
Simple
EVER SINCE FACEBOOKs WRETCHED UPDATE THIS MORNING 9/3/14 IT'S STEADILY FORCE CLOSING EVERY TIME YOU TRY TO CHECK YOUR NOTIFICATIONS!!! THIS IS THE WORST APP EVER & AGAIN... WTF DO YOU NEED TO TAKE PICTURES OF MY PRIVATE LIFE FOR!!!? Explain!!!
Wow
Uggg
Good in use
I shouldn't be forced to download another app just dont to look at my messages.
Stop changing my news feed setting to top stories.  Most cases I want just read comments, I don't need  keyboard to popup  I want to read comments from oldest unread comments, I don't care about recent comments.
Gets stuck sometimes.. But other than that, it's an amazing app!
Very good opportunity
Ok
Always gets an error message after this update when playing videos
EXCELLENT.
:-)
m
I like it but it takes time to download
Thanks
fee
Alryt
Hum e ka 4 star diya hun kiunki ye humka ziyada pasand nahi hai na us liye kaam karny ka dil nahi lagat hay....nycdd
Never  install again.
Too hard to find stuff I'm looking for, the options suck and uses too much data.
amazing since d last update
Its a dope app
Nice app
I love this coz i don't have to go to a diff page it five star a star s always at the top of the sky go high go higher
Just ok. Not more than that. 
the app keeps on crashing and crashing please fix this
nice
Live life!!!
Being forced to have a separate app for msgs is BS. I only log on through the web browser from now on. If the keep the BS up, I will probably just delete my account entirely
kinda good but i like the interface of the old fb design
Not save images,,,,, very bad app
I have logged out of chat.. Still keep getting calls at night.. What else to expect from Facebook?
Good
My facebook  is close plese  poen
All I can say is awesome! For that deserves one star.
Hallo Hallo
Love Facebook!
Don't have words...
It doesn't ever work
Not good :(
:))
No as good as it was
Facebook ,com
Nice
I don't want to use your new message app. Give back the old capability...
;)
Good app :-D
sivani
Its awesome
Nice
It is OK the app but I need most recent by default, I don't like the way that I have to go to the most recent as it is now.
Like me
Nyc .......
Not a compact app its bulky 22 mb
Have trouble with Facebook responding
If u would stop asking to download messenger Ull get all five stars
I shouldn't be required to use another app to use this app. Its rediculous.
It doesn't allow you to copy status
EVER SINCE FACEBOOKs WRETCHED UPDATE THIS MORNING 9/3/14 IT'S STEADILY FORCE CLOSING EVERY TIME YOU TRY TO CHECK YOUR NOTIFICATIONS!!! THIS IS THE WORST APP EVER & AGAIN... WTF DO YOU NEED TO TAKE PICTURES OF MY PRIVATE LIFE FOR!!!? IF I EVER RUN INTO ONE OF YOU GEEK FAGS ON THE STREET, I'M GONNA BREAK YOUR OVOMIT LOVING NECKS!!!
Eats too much space in my phone can you fix it facebook. We want to know ur action.
Nice but not good aftr new update
nice app friends get close
I hate this app
Very  good
Memory consumer.
Balraj pala Facebook open
Fantastic
Nice
I really love this app....It has a great experience of viewing fb....
I love it
I can't write any post.....!!!        Even I can't able to share any pic on my or frnd timeline....
This has got a whole lot better since it first came out. Keep up the good work.
Fb
(Y)
very good
Awesome app
Keeps me connected to the world BUT!!! It's too expensive, it consumes too much bandwith :-(
Every time it say to me that FB is stop working, would u like to shutdown?
Good App
Day by day update
5 stars IF I could use the app again for private messages.
Excellent
Doesn't always show my news. Sometimes don't get it till days later. Messenger freezes my phone up
could be better
Very good
Good
I hate that i have to use a different app for my messages, that just seems redundant.
News feed never load and its always freezing up
It is slow and it sends you back to the top whenever you get a few pages down so you can't actually see all of the post
Nice app m loving it <3
WE DON'T WANT TO DOWNLOAD YOUR STUPID FACEBOOK MESSENGER APP
It's working.
App was passable, now just garbage thanks to messages being split into another (privacy-invading)  app.  I've really had enough of these terrible updates: they invariably make things worse!
The app is straight besides the fact that it crashes every so often
Good
but slow
Ruins my day by being additive.  Have go stay logged out or I'm do useless
Its a very nice apps its very use ful to all people....
Its aaaaaawesooome
Its very nice
Let u connect with new and old friends
At onc its okay but later its starts Consuming alot of memory...
Amazing
Bhatti
If you got a friend request,even if it is reviewed by yourself,the notification still be there.
Its okay
Why can't I view my Facebook messages in this app? Why should I have to install a different app to do that, and grant said app access to EVERYTHING on my phone?
Will never install your messenger against my well . I can open facebook from google chrome so your app is useless :/
Can't play online games
So
4 because it takes a lot of time to send a video.
Easy to navigate and works reliably. Only thing I would change is to see posts in chronological order rather than Facebook's prioritization.
Ramai kawan
Please.... Fix it A.S.A.P!!!!
I like facebook
Nice very nice funtastic
Awesome
Good
Hate messenger
I would have gave it 5 stars but since we have to use that stupid app to send messages then fb sucks!!!!!
Given future
Hey, Where is the new updated facebook?? I updated it and haven't received a new look like the screenshot!
Totally bored...
Reduce the size of the app
I think it's should be created with one app not Facebook chat and normal Facebook differently this can be made in one app I don't like that is a bit stressful using two app in one thing why please make a change
бябябябябябябябябябябябябябябябябябябябябябябябябябябябябябябябябябябябябябябябябябябябябябябябябябябябябябябябябя
No I don't want messenger for Facebook I just want to simple enter my messages from android and read it!
Facebook
I up dated this app and now everything is so slow
Jobs
But its very slow
HahahaXD
Keep up the great work, no complaints
Yet another update where it still fixes nothing
Super super
Itz not as it should be.  It takes longer to update new stories.
Verry good
Just had to uninstalled and reinstall it after updating it.
New fb really suckss..mkes my phone hang when em tryin to scroll
Help one to get to know people around the world
Hgfm Hh
can't believe this ...I need to install messenger just to read my texts ...c'mon fb change that 
Thanks again for your email
It randomly jumps to the top of my newsfeed while I am trying to read. I'm fed up with it! Facebook powers that be, FIX IT!!! I'm  so sick of it. Why do you not fix things that people don't like about the app? Are you just that arrogant?
bad
Good
Fast and great
About the messenger and the Facebook app
Great
I like this app
Very gud
This is always force stoping yhen suddenly close again! Please fix this! I really really hate it.
I've never had so many updates in one month from the same app! Everytime I go to get on fb it freezes, so I finally had to uninstall then install it back.
My fb like is blocked,can u fixed it.Please
Please be more specific about the change log
Ok
Appny kurang ok lelet loadingny
Slow to lode news feed
This version is not good not video downloading option
Loving This app!!!!
Liked it
Very Very Good
It closes out on me for no reason. Don't get notifications like I'm supposed to. Still. Closes out on me and freezes all the time.
When I like any post,it scrolls up automatically and like doesnt work....I av to do it again to actually like d post ....bloody bastards what r u dng til nw...lots of bugs...f****
The messenger is great but I hate that I have to download it too.
new updates is the sign of hard working all of you guys
"New looks/improvements"? Nope. Developers don't even use it. They sit around and every other day say, "Time for a New Look!" Updates require users to relearn it; getting worse & worse; can't live w/it, can't live w/out it. Landscape forces to portrait on notebooks at Photos on someone's main page. Messenger is separate & adds 13M to internal RAM, & permissions invade privacy.
Bt its lil bit slow nd hand my set..
love it
sonowal
Good way to connect more with friends and family
awesome
Fine
Qaint a
I love being able to have this app on my phone as well as on my kindle fire.
FACEBOOK
Love it
I don't like that you have to download another app for you to see your message s and I won't bad move face book
Good
Super
I Love facebook for posting pictures and talking to friends
I can't be alive without it 
Why do I need messenger to text people it doesn't make sense
Bullying people to download messenger is not right
Nice
Add on messenger sucks
This app requires too many permissions. Also when I'm scrolling through my news feed the feed updates automatically and then moves the place of where I was reading
It was sux n me..I wont download whatever I want. .dnt know what to do.i was dam enough haha
Ram, CPU consumption, navigation, messages are user hostile. Too bad the only alternative is web browser
Its a gud working
Very good
Awesome yr!!!
A new lvl of awesomeness
Exilent
Nice
Gud
Super
Nice app
Sooooo slow
Lovely apps.
.
Great

So many different changes to the application caused me to actually stop and have to relearn how to do things. Honestly, the layout that was there was just fine. Facebook, please. If it isn't broken, don't fix it!
Mrs
Good
Very slow something problem i don't know what happen ...pls help me.
The only thing that's wrong with it is that it takes up alot of space other then that it's kool lol
I just love it :p
It takes more space in phone memory
:))
Nothing seems to load fast. New feeds, notifications & other pages take forever to load:-(
Worst update ever.  Now it runs like it did in my s3 - Never clears group notification counts, pop-up notifications of stuff I've turned off, etc.  Such bs.
Could be better
I love it
Aplikacion shum i mir
Haha
To great
Good app
Nice app but i more like opera mini fb its nice
Gr8 app
great app
itS totally uSeleS. StopS all the time whenever i try to open it. it doeSnt work.
You should add a reply button  to comment
I found a lot of friends and family...
this app is gud.bt this app is using extra mobile data..
My 2GB RAM is highly occupied by this app. Another reason to uninstall this is not having an integrated messaging service along with this.
Could link people and friends but could be misused too.
Freezes at the end of every video I watch on fb
Cool
Tempat maki2 sama ngehujat orang alias tempat nambah dosa lu sendiri
it's okay
Its very simple
Cute
Am ok with the new facbook. But it keeps freezing up my phone...
I keep having to reboot my phone because it keeps freezing. Get this in check
Awesome site
The new update is bad! Everything I try to post a status or picture the icons that allow you to choose a feeling, location, album/photo, or tag a person disappears.
I found every body in fb
This app is awesome
Love


chat with out massenger
Woww
If you're gonna have an app that is 100+ mb, You should at least let it be sent to an SD card. That or lower the Mb usage
It works ok and avoids goind to the browser.
I hate the new update I use to love Facebook but now I want to delete it.
Can't see msges without massanger app...
New look of facebook is okay and easy to use but some i can't use some option ex. Friend notification when posted. In before this look i can set my friend to notification me when they post but now i can't please fix this. i give u 5 star.
i like to use facebook :)
The most heaviest apps
I look like old gangster.
Share all.
I prefer the old version
Awesome app
Good platform but hang the phone
there are loads of errors
Its to Good
<3
Love it
Im a student and i want to be able to send documents thru facebook mobile since most of my classmates dont have a working email account.
onica mokotong
Keeps freezing always
I won't download the new messenger for privacy reasons so its been harder to talk to friends online
Awesome
fb
Why can't we search groups from the  app or mobile site? As more users use these we need this feature.
It's getting better
Why is facebook freezing up like this? Please fix these bugs.. :-D
poor !!!
Hi
Goe goe
my wish to job in Facebook
But little bit hanging sometimes
Its to slow...
Best app.
Hmm..nt bad
Marveleous
Worst app ever. You would think you people knew how to do an update with out messing it up. Once again another update and once again all it did was make Facebook not work. It just sits there and says "setting up Facebook" you guys suck!!!!
Good update
It's bogus I can't read my messages w/o downloading that new app should be my choice if I want it ......
Till Facebook has updated my videos didn't uploaded into my  Facebook account :( please solve!  :(( <\3
wah
Its really good
Now its good app
Love
Tyhr6
I would love to see facebook app to look like this playstore ui
freezes up occasionally.
After I updated my Facebook gad! It become so loggish. My phone always hang up and froze.
Great
,
A
Wow like it
Awesome
I love facebook
Love it
I love Facebook :*
What is this???
so comfort
Fast and furious...
I love it
Good aaps
Just a great way to keep in touch with friends & family in a busy world.
Very nice app
Don't know what do you guys expect by removing the messaging app. More revenue because we will view it using browser?
Back
GOOD
Love it
Not a smart apps.
I don t see any difference between old and new version.
Live fb ! Love fb
Update rin pag may time.,
I open the app then I scroll then it freezes
I'm just not allowed to redownload this app to get the update.
Mmm
Alright
Superb app
Dk
Its like very good at posting. Just let it post let it post let everyone see the poooost.
I like it
NYC
I lovi facebook
this apps always waste my time :P
Loved it
Stop downgrading this app!  I hate the new update. I don't like the new status update format. Please change it back to the way it was!  Please listen to us and fix this or I'm deleting this app. I'm much happier with the web version!
Love it
The Updates Are Great Lately... :) Much Faster & Alot More Social!
GOOD
Wow itz great....
Seriously Facebook - why?
like! but improve it more! :)
It works perfectly until the recent update, it keeps crashing on my tab.
Joke
Get rid of messenger and please let me read up to date stuff on my news feed instead of yesterday's or the day before's news and posts from friends
52849415
The most eligible social networking apps in the world.
Now it won't show the help in order to report a problem. Been broke for a month now. Got better later but hate messenger the bubbles need to go, they stay on screen invading what I'm doing and noise at work.
Thanks for this<3
With Samsung galaxy S5, Not seen any difference or seen any so called bugs yet. Btw, you can go into your settings and click all videos from auto showing, I did not know this for awile, wish facebook would tell us what changes and what you can do if you don't want to see auto things like videos starting, or would have given it 5 stars.
We them boiz!!! Sheema.
= fail
Very good Very good Very good Very good Very good Very good Very good Very good Very good Very good Very good Very good Very good Very good Very good Very good Very good Very good Very good Very good Very good Very good Very good Very good Very good Very good Very good Very good Very good Very good Very good Very good Very good Very good Very good Very good Very good Very good Very good Very good Very good Very good Very good Very good Very good Very good Very good Very good Very good Very good Very good
Very good
Yoy shouldnt make us download messenger because some people dont like it. It should be our choice. Facebook is the only app i have that tries to control stuff....like your name...ur msgs...etc. Hopefully someone will create a new better page than this one.
Keep updating and keep smoothing this app!
Best one
Very good
I am not getting the latest update and takes a lots of space
Its slower than ever when its come to loading it
The link breaks very often. It's not OK
Brilliant way of communicating with friends & staying in touch with events & new developments
No built in messenger.
Good
Good
I need fast and reliable to connect.
Lame trying to stsyom
I'm cool with app. Not ads. And snoop into to much phone information. Just nosey!
Would be better if u added recent stories options, as top stories is only available..
No longer has individual settings for friends. Used to be able to set what posts we wanted to see. All, most, only important. Could check or uncheck games, likes, pictures.
When we searching friend 's of friends, its showing mutual friends again & again.after many try we got success to search.privacy of old photo album cant be updated.
It is okay
I love it!
this is cool and easy to use
Nice app easy to share easy to express .ever thing is nice but developers there is a problem this apps takes too much space evey time m uninstall this app n on emergency i install it.please do some thing
So cool
It was updating it's self which I did not give permission to do and it takes up to 30 minutes to load boo  :'(
I simply love it.
Average!!!!! Needs some improvement
The new Facebook keeps kicking me off, I hate the messenger!! Go back to the normal Facebook, this is more annoying than helpful!!
FB is what it is.  A better mobile app is just a better mobile app. Nothing outdtsnding, nothing disappointing.
freezes my phone..
Don't know yet
This appln is so best
Updated suck!!!
Yeah its a good app which makes browsing of Facebook easier
Very good
Ooooooohhhhhyaaaaaaaa its good
Very nice
WTF with the update. Da khor kuss de oghaim pa daase update. Da kanjar bacho.
This app take much more space in the storage and also take much more RAM
Gorakhapur
Friends benison.
Buset.
Like
I can't download it :(
love it
K
Very good
Best social app. On any planet period.
Not easily update on my device Tecno P5 android
Very good
It works great
excellent tool for gaining followers & branding oneself. Allows you to stay in touch with loved ones & those far & dear.
123456789
It is nice app
update nah tawnn
Thanks
Videos don't work! Would 0 star If I could its that irritating. And its been like this for ages. It's not just my phone either. Others have the same problem so fix it.
I will not download a different app for messages.  It sucks now.  I have 2 messages I can not view
Love it
Make more temporary
Do not like the fact you're forced to download messenger.
Shahjad Ansari
Not getting any notification after latest update
Sick of this Bs
Easy way to go on facebook
09/03/2014 now i cant play videos smh                            With every update it gets worse. Post are out of order no matter what your settings are. Click on a pick and it force closes. Dont.download until they put serious effort into fixing this.  Update 4/30/14 I hate this one even more than the others
Copy and paste does not work
Well the application works, it just needs more features that the basic website has. Most Recent or Top option might be nice, a way to go back once opened notifications are being viewed other than using the phones back button. I have a back button but it's really annoying not being able to quickly go back. I really miss the side bar, if there's a way to put it back please do so, having to go all the way left to look at my page is ridiculous.
I just love it...
No hanging problem
Not liking new update. Keeps on freezing far too often when scrolling through. That's when it doesnt kick me out as soon as I open the app. Never had this problem before now.
For older version
Liked
Very good
Im using facebook
For an old version.
Love it
Completely a facebook experience on mobile.
aungthumin
Why did you put your ADS on the above right corner of apps?? its so hard for me to post. Please do something about this.
Videos not loading...Images loading too slow
After the new update this piece of garbage app just sits on the blue Facebook page saying "Setting up Facebook". It hasn't actually loaded the app yet and it's been about 10 minutes. Fix this pathetic app instead of adding more useless features!!!!
The app altogether consumes nearly 100 MB . That's too much. Pls fix this dev.
every time i open play store u always update and update yyyyyy...
Ahba
I use Facebook non-stop but don't like how I can't respond to message via app.
The best
COS I CAN'T EVEN OPEN IT
Great app
nice apps GOOD ? like
Cool i like
Lurv it
When I try to add a photo to a group album using the Add Photos button on the app, it says Loading and then the app grays out and hangs. The only way to get the app working after that is to restart my phone. Using a Samsung Galaxy S5.
Showing me a preview of my messages and then telling me to read or reply to them I need to install messenger? I can't! It slows down my phone too much!
Mediocore
my chat thingy isn't working. it doesn't tell me whos online or offline. and when it does, they could be off but it says they are online. fix of i delete.
did you remove edit (comment) and comment reply?
I cant chat using my phone,i have to download the messenger by force
Ridiculous that messages are in a separate app, when the existing code is still in the FB app itself.  I just open a browser window to review messages.  Should remain integrated!
Very slow..sory...plz fix 8,
Coooooool
why this keep happening? and then force close...I hate it..I can't use it propely..
Aaaatttttt
But only two problems while operating it first it opens my fb id account very late and I am  not able to see the pics quickly. .... please mend it...
We chat ,play, enjoy its very awesome.
my phone frozen many times when I open Facebook ,no show notifications and sing out by self
facebook is awasome
Good
Jenny dugang
Superbb..
Despina
I think you go too far
Having video run on its own, has slowed it down bad. We should be able to decide if a video loads and runs.
Keeps freezing!!! Then force closes!!
Because its realy slow the last version was better than this version
The app keeps freezing and making my phone force close it takes more than double more storage then it used to
Good
Mast
There are a lot of SNS app. Not only you. Why you make me have to install mesenger app?? Fxxk you.
Add novar
55555
Used to be an OK app now just locks up my phone all the time.  Have 2 other Mayes with sanding galaxy 4 having the same problem after updating. Your a big company get your testing stage of development sorted.. Not good enough
Its comunicate me with my loved persons an faimly members
Video calls is also needed in this facebook
So far i havent had a problem with the new fb update so its smoother now when scrowling thru news feeds. BUT WHY IS THE "MESSAGES" ICON STILL IN THE FB APP WHEN UR FORCING US TO DOWNLOAD IT. FYI IM NOT DOWNLOADING. THAT STUPID NON WORKING FB MESSENGER ILL STICK WITH CHECKING MY MESSAGES FROM THE WEB ON FBS WEBSITE
This time when i updated it the videos are sometimes becoming stuck . Sometimes it crashes. Pleazzzz fix it
Fantastic бябябябябя
This app use to work on my android pad. Now, the only thingbI can see is a message that tells me it has stopped working. I'm to the point of dropping my fb account, altogether. Please, fix this!
I am deleting my Facebook because of the stupid messenger app!
Amazing app
Still can't access my messages within the Facebook app. Put it back.
sometime the system so bad
If you like books and faces, this is the app for you! If you have anthropophobia and you're illiterate you should try MySpace (:
Because it keeps freezing!!!
Good app to remain in contact.  Should have facility to save pictures directly in to folder on your device.
Verrygood
plsss...install mr fb..
I'll see how it goes
Why if i will go to inbox ,I can't type a word, it stop.
I like this app... :) :D
Does not work after I upgraded to kitkat 4.0. Seems it's not compatible anymore.
dashrath .bhatt
Too busy makin money than fixin bugs about the app, stingy uncle sam!
Great
Nice one
It's ok ~~
Real facebook
Plz make it more advance
This is awesome i like it
I like it" that's it.
A, ,,,
Every time I'm on Facebook, it freezes it's becoming tiresome! It happens every single time. Please fix this issue!!!
Awesome!
I love this application. After the update, it works fine on my phone Samsung Galaxy Note 3 neo duos.  Good Work!
still without complaints.
Facebook this version not working properly on updating and downloading at last its gives error that invalid  package files so rectify the problems.
Awesome features good to Handel and its Handy
Got the update but will only go to a black screen and that's it. Way to be horrible at pushing out a update that works.                                                   Update: it has been over 3 years since I reviewed this app. Surprise surprise a update that won't go past the setting up window, and drains your battery doing it. A retarded monkey couple test a app before releasing a update, better than you people. Get too big for your britches did you? Might want to take a step back and figure it out.
Reads text messages, phone log, downloads without permission... This is a corporate spy machine. Uninstall immediately. Read the permissions after install if you don't believe me.
I love it!!
I realy like
awesum  version
Luke
Got a new phone now and I still love it
Can't update new version
Good
Yo yo yi
But you improve some futures and launch the new version the I'll the five star
Awesum app
Love it...
Nice app
Facebook not happy just 1star only coz  is not permnent app. Frm time to time fb app was lost
All of a subben it was let me press the like button and i vant upload pictures andbit fore closes way to much it sucks fix it facebook team or take the app off and also the message I have to download the messanger well I dont want that cause of what I read.... facebook doesnt need messanger I would like to read my messages through facebook....
So FAB NICE NO HANG AND AWESOME
Good to use it
lovely software
Muhammad lbrahim
I love it but I hate the messenger
They've spent so much time updating this app that they updated it to where I'd rather just use my browser. Can't get messages thru the app anymore. They make u download another app. I'm uninstalling
Frustrating
Itll b helpfull if birthdays are visible on the homepage!!
Gives sluggish performance. Otherwise nice look
Great!
4
And nice
The awesomeness network in the worldwide
I give fb a big fat one along w fb messenger due to its new privacy regulations...  Ppl read up on it...
Ilove  this app
I LOVE IT!
Meh
No good
Awesome
It irritates me
Very Useful
I don't like anything about it, but it's the only current way to keep in touch with people.
Very useful to me
This app is Soooo cool
Hey fix that most recent coming up in settings and it wanted to be in news feed left side only not in right side so fix it as fast as u can....
Unable to read or view some of my friend comments!!
Best app.
Great
job
Grafhic very bad
Nearly everything i try to open comes up with request cannot be found!
Google. My play. List
Never better !
Kinder good
I like this
Very good
.
The wheel jus spins..........i dnt thnk it will load............
mj
Lahat ng gusto kng makita uli s fb kmi uli nag kita!
Protest against israil
The new app is horrible. No pics load in news feed. It really is a resource hog as well.
(y)
Hate the new version. Don't want to have to have to install another app. My phone is always running out of memory, and the permissions for messenger are ludicrous.
It's ridiculous you have to go to browser or download a data eating app to get your messages think I'm gonna hit up MySpace again!
Love the app !! :) It's very quick and easy too ! Keep it up :D
I love it
Cool
Is fine
Will not let me login and I know my password and user name
i love it but its nw made compulsory to take massenger its nt good
Sanjay yadav
Need to reduce application size its to big...
Well its jst fantastic.
I hate This App bcs This app is Big And Slow my phone 9.0 version Is the Besttt
Good apps
I love it
After an upgrade my Facebook just hasn't operated the same. It freezes a lot!!! Please fix this :(
Fb user
I like it
The Facebook App Consumes to much (MB)
I like it
Shouldn't have to download an app for a app to see a msg bs
no good
The location, what are you doing, who are you with and add picture buttons all disappear when I go to update my Status! Please fix ASAP so I can give you 5 Stars again. Thank You.
Its nice
My facebook totally crashed. For five days I tried to connect with Facebook and nothing.  I tried to get facebook help and nothing.  Im uninstalling and reinstalling and hoping all my stuff hasnt been deleted. If so, im going to be mad.
I dont like the messenger
Yes
Yo
Connecting More People,
Nice
Why did you update facebook!!! Now im already hating it! I HATE MESSENGER!!
Most of the pictures in the news feed do not open after the new update...
Seriously  uninstalling it's was perfectly fine before this update now I don't even have the option to choose from most recent stories to top stories that's just stupid why would I wanna see stories from 3 days ago ugh you guys are seriously slacking this app was fine before
Its OK but sometimes it getting slow for action
I use Facebook every day!
Needs more features like group settings and other missing feature's. Requires way too many permissions to trust. Serious privacy concerns, I Highly recommended blocking some of then using App Ops. And messenger is laggy.
This app already takes way to much memory on phones. Now with the new update i cant even log on without my phone telling me that my memory is full because it takes forever just to load the log in screen. My log in screen hasnt even came up yet due to it taking so long and my phone telling me low on space. You would have to buy a million GB phone just to be able to have this dang app. Please fix!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Good
It should be for older version phone like 2.3 or 4.00 android version. Then this app will be good.
Nice performance
No problems
I can't download it :(
I can't watch videos and it's slower
Good
Keeps showing up old posts; way too many "sugestions"...
Soo good
Amazing..
I can give out my experiment to my friends and we can share our feelings together.
I love Facebook
Communicating
Simply loved it..
Jesus is my life
Great app but need more quick response
Better than before.

Great ap X
there is some bug it keep auto close and eat up many many ram
Gud
Not bad!
2 separate apps to do the job of 1?! What the hell!? Why is the install space so huge? Your stupid app has officially taken over my phone and tablet! 2 stars down from 4!
Osm
Meeni beauty cream
Good1
well....

Slow
My Facebook review it's ok wish there was a way to deselect sync of contacts.
like it
Smart n very useful
Can't upgrade my tab...
Its alright. Too much space taken.
Best
i cant copy text
this application what I won't...
Facebook
Want to play all facebook games tho....
Facebook Messenger
Nice
great
Fn
Awesome......really,but i sure still expect a little more sleekness...#beko..#
Wonder
Excellent
I downloaded fb but it didn't work and when I sign in then there is written connection problem
Nombor good
Smart
Great
Star
Facebook works fine but it keeps making my dial screen disappear...  I can't call anyone unless I disable this app
It's allright takes time to get it down
It freeze my phone and the update r very often... Please fix it don't just keep on adding new stuffs while this app drive us(users ) nuts.. Tq
Worth in touch with loved ones
Nice
FACEBOOK ?
Good
Gay
Best app ever dont know why so negative comments.. works awesome with ne
SamsunG Galaxy S4
Fabulas..
It keeps going to my screen, very low
Good
Loved it
Since the update the app continuously crashes, and when its not crashing it keeps taking me to the top of my feed! Please fix!
Excellent
App is no longer convenient now that messenger is separate. Plus, this app I notice it uses a lot of battery power. Even when I use a task killer to save power, it comes back on. App should stay officially when we dont want it. Updating review to 2 stars cause this app is starting to take too much space.
Awesome
Loved it..
Good experience
Seem to have a lot of force closing when trying to access Facebook these days.
Please make a good
HELP PLEASE TAKE ME BACK TO OLDER VERSION MY VIDEOS WANT PLAY
Gold
P. Nel
Loved it
Great I love it
Bugs bugs bugs, can't you guys make a software which is bug free??
I like facebook but why I need to download messenger.....I dont need it....
Off
I love that I have to have a seperate app for messages. But my messages work in both apps anyways. Space isn't really a concern because I dont clog up my phone like all these other idiots. Its a fantastic app and will always be using it. Would even be happy to pay for it!
Good app
This app... Ohhh this app....  In one word, garbage. Doesn't work half the time - as in simply won't do ANYTHING it's supposed to. And then all of a sudden it works again...  Then it doesn't... Sometimes it just freezes, most times it just takes eternity to load anything (if it does load anything at all). For such a huge player in social networking apps, this is totally laughable.
Fine at the round world worked fb
Awesome
Excellent
Nice broswer.
Fb
Menim xowuma gelir bu proqram. Ama bir vaxt olacaqki feys moddan duwecek. Cunki onnan yaxwi proqramlar var. Meselen messencerler. Whatsapp kimi viber kimi line kimi ve s. Qisa vaxt erzinde insanlar bir birleri ile aqe saxlayir. Umumiyyetle facebook bir nece il evvel rekorddaydi.
Great app. Connects so many friends through out the world..nice
Hassan
Good
suprb
Green Projects
Give me back my space
The app keeps closing itself and now won't even open. What's the point of having the app on my phone if I have to use my computer to check my Facebook? It's useless!
its very slow app
Using so much space
Samsung Grand Neo
Simply BEST APP EVER
Who wants to read top stories? Uninstalling this crap.
...I mean News Feed defaults to Top Stories and there appears to be NO way to change default to Most Recent. Why is this concept so difficult to understand? What's it gonna take devs!?
Tanoli
Like to keep in touch
It is the best app friends rate it and install it :)
Wow cool ! But be careful while using
It hangs and glitch..
Its good about communication
Is very good.
Goooooooood
I happy to new Facebook to talk friends
Nice app but goes on freezing
Gd
Gud app
hHh
Cool
i will give 5 stars if we can attach files (word,excel,pdf) on message... this will be the greatest update
Love it
Good
I love it!!
Lief di vriende he op wuh
it's really good working and very fast.
This app keeps me connected with my fiance across seas. Wonderful
When new feed scrolled it automatically close plz resolve it soon
:-(
i love this app very much...muaahh
(y)
my Facebook it keep logging me out at a certain time it's been going on for a couple of days
Facebook
a am ok with new Facebook
The best application ever!
Awesome app
Good
When ever some one texts me i have to go to message window cant chat while looking news feed rubbishn
Trouble loading both photo and video :-\ fix please
Gulu
David Byrne niall Clifford Conor Byrne paudie o Connor joe fahy Gavin Murphy luke stafford lacey
It's Facebook.  Have to search to find basic functions.  Many of the desktop functions are missing or buried so deep you have to search and search.
Good
Good
These aap is made by Mark zukoberg
Revise SECURITY FEATURESбн. SHOULDN'T HAVE BEEN HACKED 3-4 TIMES IN 1 WEEKбн. OTHER THAN THAT I AM SATISFIED!!!!
I have perfect
To much rm .. :(
Takes up way too much room
I really really like the FACEBOOK..
tinted
No connect candy crash saga
Ok good performance

#notreallygoodbutstillusing
Like it
It sucks because it freeze fix it
I was reading reviews for the app...and it amazed me that 8/10 people r complaining about ur app. Fb is  the most used social networking site ...so i think really u shuld do some work on the app . HIRE SOME KOOL  GUYS and get this sorted . I KNOW YOU GUYS CAN DO IT ;)
+1
Why do you need to turn on my camera and recordong without me knowing and why is fb so big wtf fb your messing up Im done woth this app alse forcing messenger
I like this
App keeps freezing and forcing close,fix this please
Mwuah....Mwuah...
Keep boycott
It freezez a lot
Very nice apps
Sometime it doesn't work properly
This is very loding time   not  better
Its okkkk nice app I m happy with this
but do not show fb massenger
When someone mentiones me in a coment, and i oppen the notification, i only see the post i have to search for the coment am mentioned....... please do something about it.... app is good
No grapics and no improvement ........ please not download it is fixeddddddddddd................
Installing this in your phone makes it laggy even when you are not using it - UNINSTALLED
Good apps
Connected me wit my old frnds
Nic app
Good entertainment
Uses way too much RAM and battery vs other social media apps especially with Messenger. Please go back to the old format. And dear god, please bring back the option to make the main feed "most recent" instead of top stories. I know you can do it in the profile tab but I'd rather it be simpler and more convenient than that. Its called a. news feed, not a what was cool over the past week feed. ***If you read this, you can put Most Recent feed in your favorites so it shows up at the top of the profile tab!***
Nice
I like it
This is an awwwwsm app
Yeah...
Only one star since you insist on sharing my messages. I will not sign up! This new app is forced on us and you didnt even give us a choice
Good
The new facebook is not functioning well in my phone, my notifications won't upadate as well as my messages and other stuff...it's so disappointing.
Get er done!!!!!
All apps excellent
On my Majesty this app is huge! I'd like to have Facebook, but I can't even make a phone call because its demand of space. See others are having the same issue, it'd be nice if the makers of this made an alternate app for us, because this is just bogus. Again, I'd LIKE to have Facebook, but I NEED to use my phone as a phone. That's more important. Also, why can't I friggin' move this to my SD card? Just installed this again after 6 months, same old problems. Gonna uninstall.
I am every week apdating but every time fb very slowly working that is ridiculous
So Much Eazier to Understand.
Nice
Got a new phone cause I thought that was the problem turns out its you
Sidhu
Good
Very good soft were
Won't give in to a app that believes they have the right to access my personal
When clicking on a link that opens chrome and then when you switch back it restarts and scroll position lost.
:)
Notification Bug
Beautiful
install & unistall it used up more memory but its good..
Not good msg
great experience
The best
Fyfuff
There is not enough stars to rate fb is way better than 5 stars
I am very like.
Facebook hangs everytime a video is played and it ends. The entire phone hangs along with it too. Using Note 3. Please check at the earliest.
Third class app.  Why chat is disabled here. I dont want to install your messenger,instead i will uninstal this app .......
Kasi maganda
Often has to do force close. I hate that
Ok
Freezes the whole phone
No changes
Nice app
Its bad
I need my facebook update in more faster
Eh
meet friends
too difficult to navigate
If it worked all the time would rate more
It wares your battery down
No 1
always newsfeed error.slow to pick up internet connection..i dont know the problem to my facebook account i really hate this! i dont like to install d facebook messenger!
Love
khan
Terbaik
Can you please make it possible to download vids from Facebook???
But some time breaks phone
I loved it
its cool
Working good
this is it fb u now new look nice ha..
I love this app
Plz add video download option plz plz plz thn ll go for 5 stars it ll be awesome then
Excellent experience
Mhae242212
Super
Best app ever
good media social yg paling mantaf di dunia.
Chutiyappa
Why do I need a new app just to read my messages. On top of that the messenger app needs permissions to my phone that it just doesn't need
It is good as  a social interaction platform but the app is  slow while running, sometimes does not respond.
Nice
Good app
Very good
Like it better when I could use messenger on the Facebook app
Uttam
/wrist
Boo they want you to download a messaging app to see a mes.im good
Do not update facebook why
Bring messages back
suraj
Love it. No problems

love it
Gud one
Dosent work properly
It has lot what I want to keep touch with lots of people.
I'm kk
Nice one
Fast and easy
Great app..... m happy :)
Performance's not good on old device, for example: Xperia Arc S, Galaxy Young
CRAP
I proud off this app
facebook
Rubin Hassan 200@ Hotmail. Com
Tom cat food
Government spyware! I will not use your app any longer. You're already taking up too much space on my phone with one app, don't like being FORCED to add another!!!
A+
Like this
I love download,
Frindly
Smart!
OK
AWESOME
I do like it but keep freezing my fone
Simply great
I give it 2 star.
Need I have to say anything more. All the critic are honestly true. Use to like the older version more
Ap
Crash all the time!
Keeps not letting me download says that theres a default location pls fix
It is very slow and tends to freeze a lot.
Nic1app
It gets me on facebook, that's all.
2 star give you .. please fix facebook video download.. thanks
This needs help. I don't get notifications. Its slow. Installing.
Facebook
Last version has got much better, but still a quite heavy and slow app.
This is  a useful app
Why should facebook need access to EVERYTHING ON MY PHONE!! PICTURES, VIDEOS, SMS, INCOMING CALLS, CAN VIEW WHO CALLS ME..etc... That's not right!!! Deleted & I don't think I'm reinstallling it. It's not fair!!!!
Friends this so good website
This has to be the worst idea ever .. In the history of ideas .. 0 stars !! 9/2/14 gave 3 stars dislike the new msg app idea.
Handy app but no direct p2p messaging
Social interaction network
When'll you use this software than you'll know that how good perform of this software...!
Having to download a new app for messages is just stupid. I refuse to download the message app.
Keeps freezing up the last few days...
I don't like being forced to download another app to read and reply to messages!!
Liked it
The only thing I gave 3 stars is it is not showing notifications in my notification bar please fix it in my gt i8262
No
I amm lovinn faaceboook . Yaaaaaasss
But suffring power is slow
hangs
Greenest
I love the new look
Closing me out app
I should not have to have the messenger just to check my messages
I hate you : O
Its great
Facebook
Sucks
Keeps on popping me out of facebook....
Good 4 all
Bring back messages
Sweet app
Slow
This app still could run faster and allow a share button.
loved
Gim back my messages! Not gonna download another memory hogging app. Google should disapprove of such sketchy designs!
Why do we need to go out of the original app to scan,read and review our messages? It doesn't make sense! We need to fuckin download and use most of our phone's internal memory to download that freakin messenger! The new facebook sucks! We want the old one!!! Bring it back on!!!!
Es muy lento
Not a bad
Why not an option to not give you access to my sms/mms. Now I have to also install a separate app to access messages. Are you trying to be annoying?
Cant view videos :(
Great job.
Nice app
ASGAR ALI
Good Application
just being able to go to my inbox within this app.
Love this
Nyc app
I am facebook
Can't download vedio
Really good
OK, I don't need a new app, thank you. It slows my phone to a crawl and there are all sorts of new privacy issues. LG Splendor 730. You're going downhill in order to expand your marketing. It's not a social app anymore. It's business and we're paying the price
Go away
Has nice view of photos and videos and wonderful pictures you can make and facebook video and do  free calling
Its is great
It is the best
I believe that on this app  you can no longer  text, chat and have group  conversation,  so I would  please  like you to take that out of the description because you're  falsely  advertising: since the app and it creator made(forced,whichever you prefer) the lovely  user of facebook  get the terrible app called facebook  message the user can no longer  do those things. The only reason  I update this app is in high hopes that we CAN text chat and have group  conversation again.
It's a time pass app./a gud app only. It must be a need 2 improve some changes.
Terima Kasih
Nice
I like the Facebook
Me encantaaa

Hola a todos
All the app says is setting up Facebook. Well done. Can't even get past the loading page.
App gives Facebook access to take photos and video, reading all SMS messages, access to my contact, to write to my SD card and erase files, and much much more. Basically all of the violations of privacy that people are complaining about on the messenger app are now on the regular app too. I just deleted this app.
I use Facebook to keep up with how all of my family and friends are doing but the app takes up so much space on my phone that I don't have much room for anything else. This app needs to be smaller and it would be much better
... ..
Problems with timeline still.
now it is able to reply comment !!!!!!!!!!
Its so good.
Nice
Facebook would be better if the news feed was in order of when things are posted instead of switching from top stories and most recent. I don't like having to download an app for messages either. It takes up more space on my phone.
Newest update sucks, keeps freezing, closing, stalling.....downhill from here.
Nice for the new look
Better with the new new
How can some things load and others says tap to retry.. WTF
Can't access my video folder, fix that bug
It keeps freezing my phone and wont let me post if problem is not fixed will be deleting it.
How about a way to make the "most recent" the default.
It's bad app
It is ridiculous you have to have so much info to have messenger.  I don't want messenger
Facebook
Newest update won't load. Thank you for nothing!!!!!!!!
Ive been troubled refresing my newfeeds lately..hope it gonna ok now after i updated it..
Yes
Doesn't always connect with messenger but still works
Only because you made me get the messenger app to message my people.
Cant undrstand what u guys meant to implementing new look.... ??? Worst updations
I have had enough of this forced messenger app that drains my battery and increased my data from 1.4 gigs to almost 5 gigs...
Update is now becoming too frequent...though I update app remains as it is...
It takes ages to load each section even with strong network.
The New update is cool
Idk wtf you guys did on your last update,  but it is fu**ed up.. keeps crashing, and freezing up.
Look better
App is too large. Latest update will not fit on my phone.
It sucks this new Fb
Best
It runs slow after update plz fix
Hi
Awesome also it is an great apple 4 u to find family friends
Chat feature
I have updated the app and uninstall the update several times. and everytime I watch a video on my time line, it either won't play at all or freeze half way through.
Like so much
Nice app loved it
The fastest
Good
The app is doing great for me. However, I would love to see continuity in terms of improving the experience even better.
I am happy with this new fb app
It asks for my fuckin I'd card..... deleted. This invasion of privacy is ridiculous
Awesome Facebook
Love this app it's great to stay in touch with family and friends
Ri.
It ain't working, it needs fixed.
Ok
Its ok
Just updated my system software on my phone Xperia E1. When it has to install Facebook after downloading it, it says incompatible update
I have to say its the most quickest app I have ever had
It's good.
Jackie
Edmund
Why do I have to update so much? And if I open it, it often goes to the same post even if that's not what I was doing before I closed. Plus it freezes too much.
Refers me to their stupid, "Messenger," app.  Enough.  Get Friend Caster.
Great place to reunite with family and friends all over the globe
Love being able to see what's up all the time.
I don't like if this app force me to install messenger .. 
It's tolerable
Ap
Nothing new
And upgrade
Great
Not satisfied at all!!
With the new update, my phone keeps on hanging...
Phone freezes up!
Dice q hay un update y cuando vengo aqui hacerlo no sale nada...
I have a very hard time getting into Facebook anymore I like the old one better!
Nice
Ausm
Slow but everything else is good except for when it doesnt let me message.
I think I have been my on problem! Not really understanding my device!
Nice..............
Let's me keep track of everybody from my living room - and organise events anytime.
Good
Poor
This app had permission to use my camera at all times, and I hadn't even downloaded the messenger app.  I miss myspace .
Freezes up about ready to go to tweeter
I use it all the time
Riyaj junea
NEW FESBOOK TO HAPPY
COOL, WAY COOL
Missing the edit/delete comments feature and can only upload pics in group pages.  It will be no extra if other forms of files can be uploaded like office docs and songs.
Sucks
Forced to close every time I go on, plus doesn't keep up with most recent, most post are 24 hours old.
When I try to share a posting from my news feed or try to go my wall, it shuts down.  This app stinks.  I have uninstalled it and will go out on the internet to get into FB until this app has all the bugs out of it
Newest download won't even let the app open on my GS2!!
All the updates keep jamming up the memory in my phone and slows it down.
Thank u for this app.have a bless day.
Didn't have any problems wit da app until the update now it keeps freezing my fone
Lovely app.
like
hehheehheeehe
Facebook needs to go back to the way it was before , I shouldn't have to download a separate app to read and send messages .. Also this app freezes so much . Facebook isn't what it use to be I'm on the verge to just delete it and move on to other things
New posts do not load. Keeps on showing no internet connection. While all other apps connect perfectly fine to the internet.
It won't let me login
It's cool have fun
Fb is super app
Crash....crash...crash....CRASH!!!
It wants all kinds of acess to stuff that it doesnt need/shouldnt have acess to.
3333
Lee Lockley
Better and improved
Love it! Best one
Everytime i want to view  any group it just lead me back to newsfeed!!!
Very Good
La red es buena
This Makes MY BALLS  Quiver In joy.
Please add search feature on group so we can easy look for  spesifict post
I have uploaded my hole phone for this app I have and galaxy 3 and I can't see my icon or my videos my friends pictures and I'm getting tired of trying I did it on the computer and it still don't wanna work I call costumer service and the lady tried to help and when she she did I got on my Facebook and it didn't work right FIX THIS APP
Unable to launch at all since latest update. Uninstalled, rebooted and reinstalled. Still unable to launch successfully. Moto x 4.4.4
I love fb
Constant crashing! I hate the new app update if I could give 0 star's I would! You suck Facebook! Go back to normal or I'm out!
Very nice
App constantly freezes abs shuts down
Was working great until I let it update. Now it is horrible. I can't even view any pictures. I have so many problems with this app. Don't update if you haven't already. I wish i never updated! I am so disappointed with this app...it used to be great and easy to use. I am close to uninstalling. If you are going to require all these ridiculous permissions I would expect the app to at least be functional. Please fix the issues or i will uninstall
Facebook is not responding. Do you want to closed it
Good one
Wth
38
Nice :-)
Every time i view a notification and then go back to my news feed it scrolls back to the beginning. It also scrolls back to the beginning at random intervals and whenever i share a post. Plz fix
Ca marche a merveil
FB
Nt bad :)
I should not have to use messenger to view my messages!  I like it better the old way!
Good application .
It freezes up
John
Nice
I hate annoy messenger and other premium sticker adds Plz fix it and i'll give you five stars. Why you show us adds in free social website ??? Dev fix
SAMSUNG GALAXY S3
It's what it is
Bring back the old way of msg. I will not use the new messenger
Much better! Except now it force closes a lot.
Since I downloaded the update, the app continually freezes when I try to do anything. Very frustrating when your trying to do charity work.  Grrrrr.
Aye I feel like.. aw lemme put it like this. It's like y'all tryna see me about something cus FOREAL? my videos ain't playing and I ain't never rocked w out my videos I mean if y'all feeling some type of way it's coo cus I never really did fw yall fr browser got me slt
Love
Randomly closes, no stopped working message, just goes straight back to home screen. HTC One M7, 4.4.3
Auto start
Great
Sucks..... won't load
Its OK.
Nice n good 1 application
Nice.       Jay hind jay bharat
Works great now!
Good
Good for my business though :-)
Love it
Hey everyone you think facebook should shutdown or not really.. I like facebook but I hate seening bad comments because facebook apps sucks and more like that. They should fix evverything or we can find somebody else who has a soical site like facebook but different and it never has any problems ever.    Who agrees with me  Like if yes or dislike mean not really
Unable to read my inbox unless I install FB IM, knowing the lack-of-privacy issues they have.
Im tired of it freezing all the time.  Can't even be on it for 5 minutes.
It gets the job done.  But still missing some features.
I can't play videos even when im on 4g
It gets on ur nerve sometimes because it asks u to put your number and if u don't it keep popping up till ur at the point to were u can't get on Facebook u have to redownload it
Ullanam kerala
Just fine
Takes 10 minutes to load, crashes. Thanks Facebook.
Keeps freezing when playing a video
Gossip
Likes
My web browser works better than your fb and fb messenger app. That's pretty sad when a stock Huewei Gingerbread phone browser, can do easily, what two seperate apps with paid teams running maintenance can't do.
Good
The new update just spoiled things. Have to go into the tab to get to the most recent feed. Cannot upload videos from my phone to groups anymore either. Now today I posted a long comment and I got some error message. Fix this guys!
It is the worst facebooking experience after updated.....
Awsome
This would be a lot better if it wasn't a battery hog and such. New updates are rather not fun. Hopefully they will improve it soon.
Making people download messenger to read messages sucks!!!!!
Useless without internet and messenger is ok
I love it
It's has a popularity to connect    millions over people!
Not really good hard to stay logged in it saying that my email isn't sign up or no information about the email address this bits
Yes fb.... let's continuously do updates to take up more space and yet force u to have the stupid messenger app if u want to use the inbox feature..... this is horrible. This app gets worse with every update. Remove heads from rectum before next update plz!
Everytime freeze on my phone
Like it
All of that is fakeee people
It automatically plays every video as I try scrolling through my news feed. Creates lag and frustration. Then I have to download another app for my messages??? STOP CREATING MORE UPDATES!!! If it ain't broke, don't fix it. You guys broke it, so now you need to fix it...
Getting better with each update!!!
A nice app must say .wonderfull
Very good stuff !!
Never works
The best way to stay in contact wit family n friends
Shanjepii
Good
Keeps freezing and force closing thumbs down
Constantly freezing and won't load
Faster than before
Keeps freezing on my phone
My phone keeps freezing up. STOP updating
Sucks it always freezes still and I will not be forced to download something I don't want to a rule of business fb don't force your customers to do things they don't want to just so you can spy on us
Works great
A great app
Real awsome
Nice
DO YOU ALLOW FB TO DISRESPECT YOUR PRIVACY WITH ALL  THE INVASIVE AND INTRUSIVE  PERMISSION ABUSE?  RATE THIS APP 1STAR SO FB STOPS THIS.
Nice design and colour with easy access to the links
I just downloaded the new update and it still closes out Facebook and goes back to my home screen. Frustrating
Invasive
Super
Freezes from time to time but other than that it's good
New virson
july 16 1994
Hate that u have to download the app to get messages thinking of deleting my fb page b/c of it!! Get it together!!!!
Caused a system error to spam my Galaxy S5 fried the motherboard on my other smart phone
Bravo FB
Freezes my phone. Takes up too much space. Gobbles up.battery life.
It.
I want messege on this app
It needs a large phone memory, dis kinda sucks. Fix it and I will give you 5 stars
It takes ALL my memory in order to use this app. I love the app. But If i have it downloaded then I can only download one more thing as long as it's not larger than 15MB...that's crazy...PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE DO SOMETHING TO MAKE THIS APP TAKE LESS MEMORY BECAUSE I'M SURE I'M NOT THE ONLY ONE WITH THIS ISSUE... so if you make it use less memory then I'M sure more ppl would download your app
I should not have to have messenger installed on my phone to message someone on Facebook.  Very slow!!!!
Good now
Chat works but shows im online and im not.fix it asap
The new app crashes constantly and devours my phones battery.
On my s3 its really annoying I have to log in every time I use this app anyone else having this problem
It's alright I guess
fb
Nice
Keeps freezing!
It have a lot of bugs .. Please fix it..
Nice coMMUNication
Is playing video clips on my news feed as I scroll through on my s5 without me clicking on the video. Forcing entirely to much data usage! I had to manually go into Facebook settings and turn video auto play off. Must have been an automatic setting in the last update. Hope this helps anyone with this problem!
Nice update
I love this man he is so wonderful to me. THANK YOU DONNIE MY G.I.MAN I LOVE YOU
The app is still very slow, only the appearance has improved but the performance is a big minus to it. The new update brought back to its being battery drainer, aside from the fact that it consumes so much memory that I need to hibernate it or my phone would freeze. Please please do something about it, especially for phones with less than 1gb RAM.
Thanks
blocking people option is very good..
It does freeze, when comment or share, that's a bummer
Massager
I shouldn't need to download an app to read my messages. It's under one website and should stay under one app. I don't like that it shows me top news rather than recent news. Make them changes. Thanks!
Much better since the new update ! Thanks ! ! However, I now do not like how I have to download the messenger app to do what I have been doing all along in this app. That really sucks !
Good
Cool app
Very nice apps
Good
Good
Runs well very well interface needs another change
The newer version is more reliable. The interface is also cool.
Tired of Facebook updates now it freezes my Facebook page can not even scroll past ten posts before it freezes and have to back out and the same thing happens.  Also allow messaging I don't want another app
Does exactly what is written on the tine
Good
I am Mexican Texans american.
Creating and editing events are not intuitive. The app making its difficult to be social.
Record without my consent? No thanks. Screw Facebook.
Requiring a separate app is more of a hassle than it benefits. I used the messenger app for a while and there was literally no added value.
They should make an update making it possible to check your 'other' messages like on the desktop.
Good app work fine on my Samsung Galaxy S5.
potos
Excellent just compress the files more
Nobody wants messenger.
Phone is new.
I Love facebook I'm on facebook  everyday, can keep up with Friends an Family, an see alot of cool pics  from family an friends on here at least four to ten times a day
Brewd
The separation is terribly annoying.
I wanna know why this app auto updates even though have that setting turned off.
I loveeeeeeee it :)
Nice
Its alright. Just can slow up and freeze at times. Besides that is cool
NYC
Messenger ?? WHY ?? NO ! Such a bad idea.
facebook

Love it!
Now its better  ;-)
Nice
Its a kewl app only way I can post photos. Its just amazing.
It takes 1 minute to open on the nexus 5 ! What is this gray background every time I open the app ??? Why no chromecast integration for video and pictures???
I am meet yesterday
Nuff said.
Funny
Still has glitches ~-~
Facebook blows
App freezes way to much upon opening.
hangs always
It slows down your phone
Love the new features.
Newest update freezes all the time and I don't think I should have a separate app to view messages takes up time and space.
I like it
Freezes phone
The Best.
It app is a good app for Facebook^^
Having trouble syncing my calendar n my Facebook profile
Parahsbhati
I do like it but the one thing I wish could change is the news feed, it shows old news from my friends that were posted two days earlier, would like to see current. It still has my old posts or I see old post please update so I can only see current or top news for the day.
great
goood one
What was wrong with the integrated messenger? Why do I have to install a new app?
Wtf? Still can't make custom list?? Almost 2015!!!!  Get with it!!!!
Forces you to use messenger
Nice good
Love it
New Facebook
Ok
Facebook
Why I can't update to version 8 it still on version 7 , Please release update to version 8 and add feature comment with photo too ><
Good
Tururut
Doesn't load right have the time
When I tap on "Turn off notifications" it doesn't,  it just keeps on notifying me. Please fix this
You need bring back original chat feature
It would be much better but keeps freezing or kicking me off when I'm on my IPhone !
I don't understand why you still can't get notifications for wall posts or comments. Sub-par. Mobile site is better.
Lo and es mi vicio
Facebook
Love the new update
At least you are consistently losing stars, other than that, the only thing that is a constant, is the additional crap you kep putting your users through. Considering this is supposed  to be the best facebook app, you think it might be able to work the way it's supposed to. When it supposed to?! Maybe!?
Unknown error found during installation error code 919 for this what I have to do
I love the design but not the update becouse you haven't fixed the problem with old news feeds showing in new stories. I would to see stuff from now not 1 hour ago or a couple days ago. Fix that and I'll be very happy. Thank you!!!
Super
I stay in contact with friends and family from all over the world.
I don't like it when I'm logged out cause of session ended and then I can't go back In and I have to do all this stuff like verity my identification
Like it a lot
Very Good
Awesome
Good 1
Nothing new ...
Awesome!
Better version...
I refuse to download two separate apps so one will function properly.., ultimate fail Facebook...
Funnn
Since last update, I'm getting many hangs and the notification rules are broken.
Carbajal.  1970
Im using asus fonepad7 and it always stuck. Im not sure whether the real prob is on this app or my gadjet itself. Before the latest version being updated its quite ok but after that i cant even log in
I hate this because we have to get messenger
This new update is absolutely the worst. Pictures are not loading. I can't see a single picture in my feed or timeline!!! These updates never work there is always something that goes wrong with every update. WILL YOU PEOPLE EVER PRODUCE AN UPDATE THAT ISN'T GARBAGE!!!
The very recent update that just occurred on the phone ruined the app. Can't like or comment on any status'. Went from a decent app to completely useless.  Not my phone either, I have a galaxy S4
I'm tired of having to go out of my way to see most recent feed... I don't care what someone commented on from who knows how long ago... I just want most recent posts...
It keeps crashing I can't open it
The app itself is fine but it seems to suffer from a bad memory leak. It gradually slows down before crashing after about 5 minutes.
Nyc
App requires many restarts until blue Facebook splash screen appears, before it will finally update.
I can't watch videos. Needs update AGAIN!!!!!! Horrible
I'm a huge fan of the app but it's simply using up my ram so my phone has become slow and sometimes unresponsive.
app closes itself so have to go through everything again..to find what i was last on. Other than that its ok
It is very slow
Just awesome
Really good app!
No real problems
I am a frequent user I like.
When ever i try to look at a video it freeze up and stop playing,never leting me vew the full vикdeo
App.
Why do I have to use more space on my phone & go out of my way to read messages?  Upgrading that ur doing is ridiculous & doesn't make any sense.
Facebook
I shouldn't have to give you permissions to all of my texts ... Photos ... Call log. This is truly unacceptable.
when I get messages I can't read it I have to download messenger nd it freeze everything.
Facebooks and
not loading videos
Why keep on updating ??? The memory becomes bigger and bigger........
Every update makes it worse.
My Phone .    Galaxy S5 with 4.4 haha yes I have New kitkat is so smart its on  autopilot it loves to post to all my social media like Face book ....Bad News is it sends with out Warning ...But had to give Facebook 5 stars for making me live Forever I'll be here even after I'm dead ...
I gave it 1 star because I had to. You do not need access to my contacts, emails, messages. It's none of your dam business. When you give me access to your personal information then I'll give you mine. Only reason I have FB is to keep in touch with my kids, my mother and my brother if not I'd boicot FB.
Its a great and different change. .
But it broke down alot
Keep freezing and force closed? Stupid
I just want an option to keep viewing and replying to my messages on the FB app. I don't want/need a separate app JUST for messages..
Nice
Can't get on this app because it keeps turning off
Eh!

NiceLove it
Still should have the option to have most recent timeline
Within the last few days I have not been able to play the videos over my data network. It was working fine. What happened? UPDATE: Latest update fixed my video issue. Thank you!
Useful
Messager sucks i start to type a message and it stops working,  its a bunch of crap
Wish that it did not take up so much of my memory and every time there's an update it seems like the app just gets larger and larger. Also still very many bug fixes that need to be addressed. Love Facebook but seem to have nothing but problems and issues lately. Please fix!!!! Thank you
I love FB app I have no problem with it...
so fast downloading.  try this im sure you like it  .
It keeps closing by itself and going back to home screen,  very frustrating! !!!!
Its a good app
Good app, all functions of the browser version are there and more keep coming so that's good.
Awesome
Won't download
Great tool for ministry
Why do we have to download messenger? And also in other acc you dont need to download messenger. And whenever I log in to my other acc I have to use the single sign on and then it will not respond. It takes minutes to log in. Pls fix
Good app
Can't download unknown error 24
Slow loading speeds and regularly crashes. Needs complete redevelopment.
The more updates that are made seem to make it worse.  Since the update it freezes and closes on me and it won't open some times. It gets annoying
Hello every body
Magicbangz
I'm ok with any changment
L
Guess whose b-zack
"Text, chat and have group conversations" Update the app description now that you forced a new messenger app on people.
Very nice...
My Facebook app updated yesterday & now today it freezes everytime I try to scroll or view anything. Fix please?
I love Facebook
We want replay for comments pls fix it .. And u don't listen to us
Ulasan
Every time I try to open it, it crashes, I can't even use the app. Never had an issue until the update.
I dont like that I have to doenload messenger app jus to view my messenges thats pathetic
Why does face book not work anymore on my Samsung Galaxy 3 Tablet after the last update?  Everytime I tap the screen to do something, it keeps going back to the desktop & icons.  Can't use my tablet at all on facebook, have to use my Kindle or laptop.  Please fix.
Doesnt work
Nice but why too slow and the messager can't open it
Keeps freezing up telling me google pkay has stopped its annoying
Awesome
its freezes my phone and automatically back to home menu..really hate this problem..
Uses lots of RAM in the background. Please fix memory usage. Still lacks all the features in full version.
1. Doesn't update # of likes & comments, have to click on pic/post to see actual #s. 2."Most Recent" doesn't stick :(  3. App takes too long to open up after update. 4. Once I hide story/post, it doesn't stay hidden. Please fix!!
My screen freezes and its slow when i scroll down my newsfeed......to much mb plzz fix
Can't see inbox.
Nic app
Dont Know why but it keeps Freezing last 2 updates and its All gone Pete tong sort out please
Its not thatt good no more
Good I like it a lot
Many things to learn and discover around the world.
Very good
Great time
Connecting each other
Perfectly Designed
this is really cool & very user friendly ... now it seems really easy to spend time in FB from my mobile phone rather than computer ... 
Let me place picture comments again.  Also, either get rid of the big brother permissions on messanger or return messaging to this app. Preferably the later.
It's ok
I never use Facebook, and all it does is slow down my phone.
The fact that you have to download another app just so you can read your messages is stupid. Im not downloading messenger.
Glaxy Grand 2 is my new mobile
Nice job I like this
Does what it's supposed to:) Convenient
awsome
Loved it
Really loving it
Keeps closing on me. Horrible app.
Its okay...not so fast n hangs too sumtymes
How many times do I need to be updating it!?
Now it shuts itself off constantly, if it will open at all!! GRR REALLY also this is the on my apps list so how is this an older version?
Realy good i love this application
Glitch ridden
I can't message people anymore on this app, and I don't have enough storage space for the messaging app. So much of a hassle just to talk to someone.
Love this app
I don't use fb but I can't delete this app. Ever time I do it just reinstalls itself
My phone keeps freezing
It ok for sale in stuff
Loved it
Kya bat hai
Friends
Facebook is a wonderful app.
Coooooooool
oooook
Has there been a recent update because I can no longer watch Facebook videos and there is constant lag when scrolling or posting updates.
Ok
Facebook is nice but im strugling to download
Not working Properly in Lenavo P780
I like this app but it keep forcing me to downlaod mesenger please fix that and i will give 5 stars

The new version keeps freezing and stopping on me uninstalled and reinstalled. We'll see how it works now. *sigh*
It's alright
It workes good but alwayes apdate what is this
I love Facebook
get new frnds
Too many requirements into your personal information.
When I click to play any on any video in my news feed I get an error. Please fix this, very annoying....
It suddenly could not show pictures and images
Cool
Good
Can be much better.
The best
-1 star sucks, screen keep freezing,in messanger cant see messages,need uninstal and reinstal fb just because fb owners dont know what todo with app. Can downgrade back to 2012 then 5+ stars
Very Good.
God
It freezes my phone before download is complete.
Get 5 stars when you get back the text messages.
Very useful
welcome old my freinds
U
No message support! Cannot select most recent as  default feed and is hidden in menus. App design is quite poor - people online (pointless with no messaging) and feeds menu too close with similar icons! Now only use the app to get notifications, prefer to access FB using the browser.

Good
It's sach a good app i loved it its new update is realy awesome so gave 5 star to this app..thnxxx
I would like for the pictures in the album to show newest to oldest.....not the other way around.
I am happy
Please work on the download option 1st we had a option of downloading the pics from friends wall now after updating the options are changed please work
bad

Each update brings a new problem. Videos don't play, when they do they won't play all and sometimes freezes the picture with sound still playing. Needs massive improvements.
Beautiful
aswame apps
Keeps crashing since update. Un installing
Evrytime i either updat status send comment or do anuthin that involvs contact if freezes n crashes then i hav to deleat n redownload the app!! Frustraiting!!
I love facebook
Big boy
Messages function should be added to fb app once again.
Cant install it
Super fast
To the facebook app makers: 1. Always have updates for this app,  but never anything new or different... Annoying and unnecessary since Facebook doesn't work any better after the updates.  2. Another update, a week after the last one... Uodate says 'new look'  What new look???? It's looked the same for over a year.
Very convincing
Mauchuda
i.....like . ...this
Why do I have to install one more app just for massaging? It was pretty comfortably to write massage from this app and now I can't. Deleting it.. Thank you Facebook.
Love it
It's good.......
Facebook
I feel I am lucky to have it.
Thanks for better services
good stuf
Helps with pics easy to b put up
Facebook keeps freezing up a lot. I have the AT&T Samsung Galaxy S 4.
Better than nothing
can't imagine life now without what' s app...
This the best social app to see what friends share
not bad
New page
I login but it shows someone else account name emma riely relly can you believe that -:)
I wish it had more options easy to access like the browser page offers
I like it
It sucks now
Cool
The app seems to get worse with every update. Using the browser on my phone is much easier than the app itself. It constantly freezes or doesn't work. I have a Samsung Galaxy 3 so space and the processor isn't a issue
Good app
Can't watch videos now runs even slower than ever before. Just isn't as smooth as it use to be
Massamba toure
Awesome app
Time pass  No time welu
Hate ya .... y do u force me to download fb messenger
Good app but it will be better if it can be moved to SD card..
Love it
Faabu
Love it
Since last update it keeps telling me to log off n log in again,I do it and 5mins later its asking again. Keeps freezing and is running so slow. Come on fb whats going on????
Thats very nice apps
:)
Not fast and loads slow its better but not best
Facebook is best app
Loving it
Get in touch with anyone u want & haven't seen in years :))
After the update I'm having connection issues, news feed everything! I have to go to my browser to look at Facebook now.
I like this app but recently it uses more data than any other social media but wil stay on it just to be informed
Its ok i guess i miss you"s
As I compare to others apps , it is best
This app getting worst! It usually not responding. And sooooo slow. And it makes bbm disconnected! Uninstall !!!!!! Why don't you fix it hey facebook owner?? It sucks already. I have to use opera mini to open fb. And REALLY hard to upload. FIX IT IMMEDIATELY!!!
A head
Nice
Naughty book
Ramteke
Connecting with my old friend
I have use to very surprising
the pictures from chat box cannot be saved.
nce
Very very nice
Don't download
Simply amazing
It's a fantastic app. It does all basics of a social network, but I also have a laptop. Many features on the laptop are not here. That's a given. However, they could at least add more to the privacy (who can see your status) section. I can't change privacy to "friends of friends". The other thing is practically the videos. I hate the preloaded video feature. It automatically plays every video I go by. That freezes up my phone. Phones have slower processors. That feature shouldn't be there. All in all, good.
It just wont open grrrrrrr
Best
Drains my battery, takes up too much space and I should not have to download a separate application just to view messages. Don't like it at all!
Suprrb app
Its good
Good thing
Do you need multiple apps to check messages etc....
So so
for an older versom

good
Its a gud app but it kicks me off sometime and says not responding
good
vijay Rawat
Horrible
WAZIRISTAN ZINDABAD WANNA
Good
Why is it called an "update", but the app got worse every time. Awful lot of bugs, and together with messenger these are the only ones, which are hanging and freezing on my M8. Really...what is this... New Update: now at the status widget, the profile pictures are blurry too. Again, it' getting only worse. Clear cache/data is not helping. Wwwonderful.. Update. Now it freezez completely. It flashes btw. no connecion and news feed. You cannot scroll or do anything. But the notificatins are wrorking. Lol.....
It's my link to the world
Still crashes constantly!  I just realized I'm not "following" like more than 1/2 of my friends so I tried to fix it & it gives me an error message & says that feature isn't available at this time to try again later! How about before adding new features you get the bugs worked out of the ones you already have!
Need Improvement
UI is not cool
News feed loading fails everytime
I understand that with introducing new features there will be bugs to work out but for the past yr Facebook has not been functioning as well as it used to be. Also, I will always love this app but it's really annoying that Messenger is a separate app. I'm not downloading it. Those permission requests are insane.
Awesome <(^_^)>
No messenger on it
Terlalu lambat.
It's almost like I have to relearn how to use it every time it updates it
Facebook
12345
Fix it
Very nice
Total
awesome
Ever since the previous update, the facebook app causes my phone to run slowly then freeze up. Now after downloading this recent update,  it freezes up and causes my phone to reboot on its own (@ random ). Please find someway to fix this. The iPhone app doesn't have this issue. We android users deserve better than this piece of sh*t app.
Take the blockage of of my face book so I can say or print Amen
Very nice
Facebook is fine but it gets a 1 from me because of the messenger app
I haven't secure at here because this version not secure on older version ..plz recommend older version
Great
Sooooooooooppr
But i did not like Facebook messenger
Ok
Causes my phone to freeze constantly until I force close.
I like
Nice app
"incompatible upgrade " just great. Thanks fb. Now I can't install the app at all!
not working On Sony ericsson xperia
I dnt like this
Facebook
Gggggg
Hes not updated
bhas hoto mala  abhas hoto mala  bhas hoto mala  abhas hoto mala     kai hote mala  kahi kalena mala  ye sanjne  rahu kasa tuj vina   yena ye sajnai yena  yena ye sajni yena  бябябябябябябя  chandmukhi tu rupare tuzi kaya  mragnayane tu sonare tuzi chya  zalo me tuza usa deewana   yena ye sanjani yena   bhas hoto mala abhas hoto mala   man mohine tu mohine tuzi maya tuza houne ya geet laglo gaya 2 time  gato me tuza asa tarna  yena ye sanjani yena   bhas hoto mala  abhas hoto mala  бябябябябя bhas hoto mala  abhas hoto
This app takes up TOO much space and has TOO much access to a person's phone. We should ALL UNINSTALL or boycott Facebook untill they fix these issues! !!
Videos not workin yet again
Won't open the app just gives a grey screen then immediatly closes down
They're too busy gathering profile info to care if the app performs well. Forget about the messenger app; it wants access to too much personal info.
Very fast
Too much space. Too many permissions. Have to uninstall/reinstall with every update. Messenger app situation is a joke (keep getting error message when trying to download). Gonna leave good enough alone and not reinstall this time.
Liked it but a bit
Wont let me check messages unless I downloaded Facebook messenger. Deleting this app!!!! Don't force me to download messanger!!!!
I miss the old app
download it is kul
Really don't like the fact that they are trying to force you to download a separate application for messaging! Not doing it, I'll figure out another way!
Pure crap
Darshan z report awesomee
Why obligate people to download messenger app to be able to message.
Fine
Its my feeling
Vry bad app
User friendly app..
919
It's indispensable.
I love it so much
It's okay
Fantastically
Jitendra verms
Facebook
Best
Sucks
Only chelsea fc
I like it
Love it
Fb alng pic bkt gan to
Update: 9/2/2014: now they want me to install a second application!? How about I remove both from my phone? Yeah I like that idea better. Hopefully the website version will continue to have messages...
For an older version
The New update keeps freezing up. Also jumps around. I have to close and go back on. Please fix this issue.
Freezes more than it works fix it
Brilliant source for wasting time:-)
CHERI W
Stalls . Regularly.
Poramboku
It very irritating. Why u r forcing to install fb messanger plz solve this problem ASAP
Very nice app
superb and best app
Love it
Useful Company
great app
Meh. If all the people I wanted to connect with weren't on Facebook, I'd still be using Google+.
Good
Why is it asking for my credit card info if it's free?!
Good
The apps is working good but it's very heavy and it takes big memory.
Awsome
Posts won't hardly load and the videos people post won't hardly load. I wait and wait and sometimes maybe
I am getting problem on who comment and tagged on news feed and it doesn't show the users name... only comes like. (. Blank.) Comment on this photo. And it is very very slow and too much loading :(
Vijay
Hrgoyal
Great app
This is a FB we can still chat together..Dba..
It messes up way too much!!
Good........
It shuts down all thr fucken time
its ok!!!
I love  all the application.
No need to complain,  always on line.
Latest version f... k
Good
The Facebook app keeps closing out and going back to my home screen. Frustrating. I can't even use it
This used to be a great app and now I can't do anything on here. I wanna be able to talk to my friends without taking up more space on my face for a useless app that doesn't work half the time.
nice app loved it
I have oneplus and still scroll is laggy
Hate the way it is go back to the last formate
Some minor bug's in Moto G
Nothing to say everybody noes its awsum
Good
Got a little prob with the size.. Make sometin about that
Like all the new improvement
You broke the Search option. Doesn't look for anyone.
It my only way to everyone
Awesome
Update this app
Feb fb....
melek
I could not download the pics?
Tingkatkan Aplikasi facebook.
Good
its slow !
I updated Facebook now I can't get it bac on my phone !!! HELP me PLEASE
GooD.
Ya it freezes . . Pls wrk on it as it seems phone is hanging but no there is prbm in fb actually
Awesome
Good option to conect every one
The new update is horrible its keep freezing
Crap, absolute crap. Why does it need to see my text messages and "confidential information".
A new update use low ram than the older version.bravo fb team!!
Bad
I like play store
Ar
Slow
Good
Ajay sharma
Mastoi King
Marvellous
Please update ur version fastely its wil be very slow
Facebook
Love
getting a bit better
I uninstall and reinstall this app about once a day. I don't know what the deal is with the freezing. Obviously everyone loves Facebook. If the app worked it would be 5 stars easy
Masfen medro
For Tremendous using...
Bharat
Excellent
Most recent posts should be DEFAULT view!!!
Super
It's full of crap
I love it
Best aap ever
great
Exlent
Thnk u vry mch last few uptades hve done the job now it works kool
App is updated and keeps freezing on my Galaxy S4. Also I am in the middle of going through status updates and it out of nowhere goes back to the top. Please fix.
It is cool
Tablets
its great
This varjan it's a vary compliceted apllicetion. Old applicetion bettar than it
V.Good.
I don't like the new app. Go back to the old app!
its nicr
It requires messenger :@
Erhani
It wont even let me download it !! Its terrible
Brilliant
Slow navigation
I'm not sure why the messenger app cannot be integrated into the Facebook app and all of the permissions the app requires are ridiculous...I'm hesitant to update.
I never once had a problem with this app until the last two updates. It constantly closes down and half the time I have to open the app at least 4 different times in hopes that one of the attempts won't shut down the app AGAIN. This is getting really old..!
This use to be a good app. Every so called up date made it worse. If the continue to "improve it" I will be deleting it.
Anyone know how to organize the photos into folders when I go into camera roll on android
Jugnoo
Does its job well, easy to use, but you messed up by forcing us to download messenger.
I love facebook! 5 stars!
It doesn't allow  me to log in
it's simply used for all
The idea of movin' the messages is not at all gud... it'd better to stay on the old app
Anita
First,  it can't play freaking video easily, it keeps stopping and giving errors, second, messenger sucks big time... So many more other things too
M ashiq
It works very slow
Gooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooood
App does not work properly. Error in loading photos and uploading photos....
Its good
It is slow, forever to open, forever to load videos, and I especially didn't like having to download the messenger app just to send messages.
good
Damizzzz x yar
Good
My phone dont allows me to download whatsapp
Little bit logging ad hanging
palaniraman
Gud for socializing
Theres an annoying bug with the status update, the mood/ check in / picture / tags are not present so you cant use them when updating status
But this app sucks data like a vaccum cleaner! Whyyyyy
Lucas010
The new update has done nothing but make the app freeze when I'm scrolling. It's also kind of lagging. Really annoying. Just to have a look and then it freezes. Yeah, great.
Ever since the update, the app keeps freezing up. Not happy
very best
Without
Now I can copy or edit all my draft texts before posting. Gud job! (However,  I absolutely refuse to install the FB messenger which is unnecessarily invasive with notifications turned off for max 24 hrs; it shd hv an option to totally off it like previously. )
Yes
Ok
Super apk. Je vous recommande de la tижlижcharger ...
Nice
Facebook rarely opens for me, and when it does, doesn't take long to force close. The only apps I have this problem with are Facebook and Facebook Messenger. Very frustrating.
Very poor app
Good and best
Freezes and glitchy.  Consumes more resources on phone than necessary, but still a good app
Ok
Some times advts.paid fb users creats newsence..some times bored...
E c chat
But after the last update it just keeps on crashing. Please fix this issue. And it takes too much space for a social media app.
E/r fikir new
It's ok
It is not responding
Wonderrrr
Good
I love it forever
Like it
I like fb itself but i hate that i have to keep reinstalling the app just to get my messages! Tried fb messenger and didn't like it. Its just annoying now having to go thru so much to read my messages.
Facebook 297
This is great app
Supper
Unable to view my video albums
It's almost as good as instagram its really close but still far away
My review
Will not give away permission to contact my friends without my knowledge.  Way too Big Brother for me.
Last update reduced the speed of loading data more over notification also stuck.
Po taik
Superb
Plzzzzzzzz..,...............................don't download it
Please please please put the newsfeed in date and time order' I miss so many posts due to the random order they appear in :(
T
Would Have given it a zero. I carnt Send messages or view my messages keeps saying problem with network
They keep updating fb but it never gets better if anything it gets worse!
This app has always been great on any device of mine. Reliable and easy to use. Would definitely reccomend
Bokluk
Its a amazing
Ahyana
Beautifull massanger
App very good bit slow in loading though
M binaremaja
Wow
Who doesn't,
Updated & now I can't log in. Browser works but app doesn't. Don't make the same mistake I made... DO NOT UPDATE!       You've been warned.
I somewhat like the new layout, but it refuses to let me like things, comment on things and post my own status. If I do any of said things, when the page refreshes, its like I never done it. Annoying. I have a LG Volt on boost.
Great information
Why is it everytime I open this updated app, I now have to actually log in with my email and password, then when I do get in, it's slower than molasses in winter, it freezes and when I tap on a video to watch it it stated that an error occurred with the video.   -Galaxy s3
normal not perfect
Good
App keeps freezing have to delete it and download then it tells me downloading and freezes again
Freezes up and closes, please fix!!!
Its become good again.... I'm happy with it
I uninstalled facebook because of the messenger and updates. Trying to install it back so I'll just have the basic and not updated facebook... I liked it that way better...
why does this app need permission to read my SMS and MMS texts without my knowledge?
BEiNG...HUMAN.
The app I would give 5 stars if it wasn't for the fact that my phone freezes up when scrolling down my newsfeed because of the GREAT "sarcastically saying great" idea of automatically playing videos. Please get rid of the video problem, If I want to watch the video I will click on it.
Nice app but data cant he copy here....
Give us our privacy back
Thanks for again
It is ok
Cool
Apart from the well known privacy issues with messenger, what is Facebook up to?? It has now downloaded all 2.5k photos ft on my Facebook page onto my phone memory and won't let me delete them. Consequently,  my 6 week old phone is now full and I can't add any more apps, even though I had 3 times as many on my old phone. Now going to have to buy a memory card so my phone can function. Why???? Why does Facebook think I want all of those photos saving directly to my phone? Why did it not ask my permission?
good
No
Yes
Facebook
Good
Sluggish, hangs a lot, and wants you to install a 2nd app!
Awesome
Crashes all the time
This opshn nice
Don't like the fact that it requires all the special permissions. Why does Facebook need all of my personal information?
It Run very slow
Not very fast downloading
Everything is wrong with this.                      every time i try to log on I must register and I still can't get on I have to try over and over about 3 times when I sign off I have to go through register to get back on.need help want my old Facebook back please.
Suckin performance
if there is ZERO RATE! i would definitely rate it in zero!! so ANNOYING! what is Happenningg!! 
Awesome
Balran
So nice
Its a nice to get connected with ur loved n dear ones but unnecessarily dont block r poke a person
Ok
Way too many permissions. Why do you think you have the right to spy on us?????????
My friend
It juz takes a lotta tym to load.. the videos takes a lotta tym .. nd It needz to b updated nw n thn.. plz fix it.. :/
I want to rate 5 star but rate 4 star due to we can't download video from new version please improve
It is a great app
Same
New updates keep locking me out of my account fix it
Cant use this as its very heavy n cant run on 2G.
Very bad apps
12345
Fb
Use to good job
Outstanding
It freezes alot
Love
Easy to use
I keep getting an expired Facebook session notification even when I haven't been on Facebook. I have unstalled the app and reinstalled but it still sends the expired notification.     I do not like the new message app. I've tried it. Should have left Facebook messaging alone.
nice
Excellent  !!!!
Fon runs very slow...
This app takes access of almost everything in your phone so it's like stealing ur info like the u.s govt.
Uses lot of space. If moveable to sd card , then can give 5 stars
Fantastic app...

I don't like the fact that you need access to my contacts and it eats up to much data. I don't have my cell on fb for a reason to be kept private. Guess if the access doesn't change, yet another person will be uninstalling this app just like messenger which I already did months ago!
D.p.v
This apps didn't have messaging facilities.
Dislike the new look. Please realise android has a gallery with folders and not a camera roll like on iphones, finding pics to upload with the app is made very difficult this way. App often gets stuck loading, turn off notifications option usually not working. No option to permanently set feed to most recent (needs to he selected every time you go to your feed).
I have updated my app an it's still foreclosing
Facebook needs to respect people's privacy they don't need permission for everything on on your phone for the app to work Facebook sucks anymore
Chat
Such great full enjay ment meet to new friends and calling coolest friends i hope all of you enjay
I love it
Its keeps freezing my fb.. before it was good but then later its horrible, i always refreshing until it come back again.
well
i hate it .. always hang up & close !
I don't like the fact that the updates take up more and more storage on my phone. Its gotten the point where I can update it because I don't have enough storage and I hardly have any other apps on my phone.
Nice app
I can see all my friends posts. I find this app good.
Way to many permissions.  No wonder people get hacked.
Lol
Dont to much need to update., ! I hate it! And dont tk force me for using mesengger.
Let's me know alot
Goode apps
All ways works. On my phone's
Jst doin it nje, jst 4 fun bt it it's nt well deserving.... am owt of Facebook
Les go. Awesomeness
Having to download a 2nd app to do messages makes Facebook stink I will not use messages till they change this. If we all do the maybe they will fix this crap
Good
I'm forced to update this app every other month and each time it gets worse. I can't even log in anymore it takes 30 mins of buffering and says setting up Facebook. Never did that before. And it freezes constantly, " application Facebook has stopped working unexpectedly, force close"!
Good...but Can be better in speed and layouts !
My life fb
Good social network,,,,,
Wish the fix for not displaying/loading pics would happen for newer phones/operating systems
Always on it
If only I could uninstall it... lol force closes then stop.
We
I like it
Feel good
Facebook videos are not working. Please fix video streaming bug
Facebook
A
Facebook looking for a few days. The only thing I have been made.
Awesome app
Likely
Awesome social app. Thanks to Mark Zuckerberg
Just slow an freezez up
Ananthu
My videos don't play anymore on this app. It sucks because I have to download another app that I don't have room for, just to message.
So good. ..
Soe
Ok
Whats happening its very slow
Nice app guyz
Very good warking for samaung s2
Amazingly Awesome!
It is nice app to communicate with other people

Like it..
Great........
lol
Nice app.....
Hey what up
But i am not able to see the rplies on a coment which i post
Ratan
I used to love it but now everytime I click on it , the app freezes
It freezes many times, above tht its a nice app... Plz fix!!!
Jat
Kisi ko dhoka dena or koi de to bura lagta h
Nitin khawale
Not like the previous one.. it is ***king
Vry slo or net jyadi hi
Great app
Ok
Nice
I cant send messages without the facebook messenger :'(
Just love it
Up to the mark
bcoz she is the best social media
Simei
Keeps freezing whenever I try to look at a video or scroll
Won't let me download, I have plenty of storage space and I have a Sony Experia, yet it says "application incompatible" somebody help please?
Awesome apps... 
Great way to connect wth lost freindz
Don't like the look of this design
Its not working smoothly with samsung GT-7562
Amazing
Good
Very nice
Loved it
Very very nice moment on fb
So good
Samsung galaxy Duos 2
at first ok.. At last boring 
It keeps freezing my phone & slow to load
Best aap
Works slow
Fantastic
Why does this app still lag and drain battery after all these years.
Good
Ooo
Locks up my phone when launching recently. Takes forever to load, says preparing the app when you launch after signing off. NOT data friendly at all, AND,  they're forcing chat to its own additional program you have to run it along with the main program.
Good
Wow love facebook
Good app
Crashing..poor design nd performance ever
This app is more fastet
Says 21.75MB but on my phone it takes up over 63MB really annoying ! And I dont have anything downloaded to FB
I just upgrade my android, I can't download it. I've tried all over again and what I got is this message, 'incompatible device'.
Mobile app is rubbish
I face problem when click app settings..it show nothing...kindly fix it
I shouldn't have to log into messenger even though I have Facebook and you can not log out of messenger  either
why im Forced to Install facebook messenger???
Everything is fine apart from when new stories appear no matter what I'm doing the page will jump into something else or scroll up by itself so whatever I was looking at is impossible to find again
I can have internet pick up on every app but when I get on the Facebook app its says no connection! I hate having to have Facebook messenger! The app all around sucks.
Bagal tangna!!
Won't let me upload pictures or videos.
I love face book
It keeps freezing up my phone and sometimes kicks me out of the app completely.  And as im scrolling through feeds, it takes me right back to the top.  Annoying.
Superb
Hi
When I'm scrolling it closes and I have to reopen and I get the blue Facebook screen as if I've completely closed it... love the new features doh
Eu
Verry good
Nice
I am ok new facebook
Awesome app
Forcing us to allow them to use our phones. Not cool Facebook
Att
It closes by itself after a few minutes
Excellent
DiLshad
Super
Very awesome
Facebook Mobil
its gr8 m8 gg mark
Mostliy app
Sorry but are unknown error occurred while trying to play video. The videos won't play only on facebook
Really very gud...
:)
Make it small so that it consume less place in my mobile as well as in my mobile's RAM. And update it with call facilitity. Then 5stars. :-)
Too world wild less in value
Sajjad ali
I love u fb
Gr8
News feed error all the time
Cool
Nice
Myself
Good
Whenever I tap on my messages button .... It doesn't show me the messages but either says ..." Your messages have moved to messenger app".... And I don't have enough memory left in my phone to install that..... Please solve this matter
I love it very much
Loved itt
The app is good but it won't let me view all of the videos I wanna.play it will get a few seconds into it then stops
Nice app
Very bad! Why  Do Facebook need my phone number my e mail and all that info! One star
Looks like Facebook is finding a way to earn more money AND invade more privacy. What's worse is that Messenger takes up space. Why can't we just chat with our friends and family on the regular Facebook app? -_-
Savh
Good
it takes too much space up and it doesnt work properly
Love it .
Why it needs an update everytime?
Best social app
Good work
Gajab
Very good massanger..
It is a very good app...
Its very nice app
great work Guys...
Good
Nice
Nice
Its OK I guess
Good
Not working at all :/
Dont like I have to have fb messager to read messages
Good
love it its better than just searching on the Internet
Photo comment option is not having
100%
Why the hell did u guys remove messaging option from the app??morons
Love it
Good app..don't need computer now!
Nothing
It keeps freezing up and I'm constantly forcing it closed. Even when it runs in the background
fine
whenever I'm texting someone it freezes can u fix that.
I like facebook
Cool by using facebook it easy for me to communicate families'friends and etc....
Likes
Very good
& very simpl
Very good and fast u must download the whole packed
Shyam lala
Recent stories :p set them to default :p
but great app
I don't like having to install a app so I can read my messages.
Now ok good
Eats your memory too much
They should roll out a lighter version as well.
Rakesh
I love itttt
Just love it
Exce
Thank u fine.
Smijith-ayalur
Does not work
This takes up too much space on my phone, but somehow I can't give it up, it's one of my most-used apps
A stupid error message keeps coming up when I try to download it what the hell a error -24
Ya ya
This app looks like web page facebook in computers to such extents but a lot of defects and is slow
faridabad H/R
Love it!
How Facebook pretends to access my camera, microphone, and other stuff without my consent in my phone isn't right.
Just love it
Doesn't work. Incompatible with my phone, experience e1.
Great app!
Facabook
Its really fast app
To Facebook I am discontinuing you until you return Fb back to where it is regular message. I am not going to be spied on , recorded or anything else by you or any company. You are social media site for friends and family to come together not for you to spy on us and listen to conversations and such.
Uninstall because it kept freezing up now I can't redownload
it not start on my xperia ace
Refuse to use messenger. Take it back to the way it was
Larvinson 22@Gmail. Com
This is it....
Awesome
It's Fine bt i m nt satisfd,
Less ads but missing some fuctionality, and not as intuitive as it should be
FB is always awsm
:)
Cool app..
Dowload is too slow for phone.
I really enjoy it
Good app.
I use Facebook a lot. Like others it is annoying and a hassle that I have to go out of my way to see my messages. Plus when I'm scrolling through everyone's posts it freezes on videos that others posts.
Need more developments. Should be better.
Aplicaciиоn
Nice
Good application for connect the old ,new friend get on this app.
Roopa
Nice app
Superb app
Good to get news and meet people
start to scroll down and it freezes, oh I want to look at my messages I must download messenger
Really like the security features and the messenger app.
Worst app using all my phone memory.
Good app
Chatting doesn't work without installing stupid messenger app.
Its an amazing app
Sukdeb kar
stop invading our privacy.
its more fun..
Facebook
I love fb
Pls its nt force to install Facebook messanger ok.I give u only s star
When I open it after using it my cell get. Slow down nd some times it hanged it up !.!
ok
Actually very slow but basically time post....fix it n scored of 5 $tars
facebook
Nice
Well it Goes Good To My Phone
Constantly freezing my phone
I'm betting that ALL the people who rate it 4 or 5 stars work or have families that work for FB.  ....there's an OLD saying: "IF IT'S NOT BROKE, DON'T FIX IT!" You could learn a lot from that.
facebook
Right Things Foe the Right Peoples! !
Worst
Jiyada apdet mat bhejo
Manhoos bohat space laita hay
No good
I can't help but to wonder why Facebook needs to access every single thing on my phone weather it's personal or not I feel Facebook has gone way to far with everything there doing lately I'm un installing this app and deleting my account forever I'm going to start a twitter account and be able to keep my personal stuff personal
H
I have a 32Gb card for my phone and you know what? It's useless! Please try and change the app storage req so it can be installed on the memory card.
SUPER
Facebook
Thanks
Use up too much memory
Oooooo
Cool muchh
Its nice
Beautiful
Superb
Awwsom.... .!!!
Nice
Varma
Very Cool UX
Dont want facebook messenger it such a mess application
The app give stop some time please Chang this problem
Best ever!!
App won't open at times. Freezes up way to much. So many updates and each one is worse than the last.
24091993
Keep on going out to home screen immediately after starting. It was alright till new update. Fix it!!!
Gives white screen when opening app.  Keep getting "error loading news feed" as well as can't view posted pics or comments.  Would rather have an older working version than one that's "new" but doesn't work!!!
Always someone to talk to...10 am or 2am....
Excellent
Facebook
Its stop and freezing and the following from friends can't close it really its soo bad
I like it all apps
Very fantastic
жбж╨ж╦ж┴ ж╙ж┼ж╦ж╔ж╧
Facebook ;-)
Great shortcut!
I have nothing to   say but Facebook is my other world  of having fun .....
Nice
Nice app, I like it
Wonderful
Hj
I like it
Hate new messenger and facebook is getting to be a joke!!! Unsafe!!!
Its not a fast app takes  a long tym in dwnlodnig
Very bad
Facebook
Its all overall good, BUT..theres an error on the newest update. I cant play video,it alwys sying error.please fix it.
Previously, it was only once in awhile and if i click on play again for the sane video, I can watch it, now almost all video on Facebook I can't watch.
You used to have a way to read the news feed in date order now everytime someone comments or likes it moves and the news articles are all out of order by date and time.  Put back someway to organize by date and time.
i m happy but this version is  too slow always it is helpful
Keep in touch with family and friends
Help
Way for new generations
M
Solo
Yup yup yup
Freezing Again &again
Won't remember the preference setting to show "most recent". Keeps defaulting to "top news" and showing old stuff. Now it's freezing.
Good disign but slower
Improved
It's good I guess
Payal
Nyc:p
Very bad. Connection lost
New update causes the app to freeze when scrolling down news feed, really annoying!!
Dudu dhdu
The ui sucks
I like it
Ina min a dika
3stars
Old version is better than this .... this require more space & most hangable
It's ok....
Please fix the app :(
Freezes up!
What's the true reason people are being forced to download the "messenger app" just to read messages? This is uncalled for, and the permissions are redonkulous...I understand that its free and shouldn't complain, but seriously y'all are crossing the line with this. Thank you and good day.
Keep it up
I can't watch any videos on my phone just keep getting an error message
K
I don't want or need a separate app for chat. Why can't we still have the basic chat function in the main app?
Worst
O_O
:-
Ok so so
Not that great takes too long
Pretty good
hmmmmmmmmm
Good
Just kept on asking me to download messenger.
u
The last update was useful....
Awsome
Love
Because it is bad...
Lamrot Sissy1900@cam
Goooood nooo theeee bestttt!!!!
This up dating is crap , freezing up my phone and having to go thru someone else to get my messages.  I liked FB the old way .
Its good .. Helps u stay connectd .. good platform for study nd play
D whole world in my hand
I like this app soo much...
Keeps closing itself
Very nice
Good as I'll use it
Cool
good
too much cyber bullying goes on here,  without people noticing what they do. Little kids use this under 13 yrs of age.
Its bad app when I open facebook in my phone some time my mobile hang on fb so please improve it
Facebook
Awesome app
Superb friends circle app
Good
worst thing ever experienced such a poor performance older version was better

approved
I can't play my own video??
Mark Zuckerberg can you make this app in smaller size
i am unable to open my messages without having facebook messenger installed. it should be fixed.
Thanks
nice
Very slow
Runs like crap
Good
It is fantastic app, which I can see n run anytime n anywhere with new productive with my fmly n frnds..
Lovely
Awesome
I love Facebook and there was no lagging at all I definitely recommend this app
I like this.
Excellent
I luv facebook
Susah nk chat kat fb ni  asik suruh downlod msger fb lmbt la
its so slow that i usually fall asleep waiting for it to open.... it was good bfr.. the problem started the last tym i updated it... !
I will be deleting this app because of the invasion of my privacy throughout my phone. I don't need my personal business to be open to strangers.
Ok
Hi Mrs hasmigher i really Miss you can you come to the Ball game please i  invite you to come
Keeps saying unknown error when i try to watch videos.
Very gud app....jst love it
Liked it
Would be good if it didn't keep saying incompatible update it needs sorting same for some other apps
Good
babby
I like it
Ok jus ok nice ;)
Nice app
As usual...... Booooooom
Robiisking king
Veri good
Love alll
Awesomeeeee
Best apps for grand neo
Thanks for this BRILLIANT apps, now I can post absolutely NOTHING!! I'll just use my chrome then.
It freezes on my phone and it is so slow.. Well thats just my opinion .. Pls fix it :D
Bring back the old in-app messenger. Stop trying to force everyone to download your messenger app! Users who want the app will download it, but it should be our choice, not yours!
Nandha
License. IT!бо
Facebook
Gooodah
Amazingly fantastic, should download cuz you will most definitely enjoy this application no doubt about it honestly its Brilliant 5 star ;) ;) Xxxxxxx
Its always not responding and error
App force closes all day the upgrades suck and make the app run slow
Viedos keep playing....I have not clicked on them....and they run my phone slow .....so I have to go and stop fb manually.
Ok only la....
Please do not allow facebook massanger for open inbox. I did install it for twice and it always make my phone freeze, automatically restart, low battrei.
Its so GOOD than EVER!!!!
INTERNET NETWORK CONNECTION WORLD WIDE
Cool
Good
;) :)
This app is so good and nice we can do chat with your friends.
Just about any time I get on my fb from my mobile device or tablet it doesn't want to load & it happens more frequently when I am using my home or friend's home wifi instead of using tower for internet. Tired of uninstalling it & then have to reinstall it.
Stop being JERK and bring back messenger please!
Nice
Mmmm
Facebook You sure you don't want my DNA and blood type since you request all access to my phone personal information....more spying on the public
Mr.Florida
No copy pest option, no speed
Keeps freezing my phone
It's my best friend
For a brief period of time this app was fine, the last two updates have ruined it. It freezes and forces restart.
m Ansar malik very nice
Excellent
Why does my Facebook keep crashing? While I'm scrolling, when I go to like something, and when I want to make a comment POOF it crashes!
Sometimes it's good,but not all
Cool
Mobile facebook pretty awesome but a little lag of pic but its pretty nice
Nice
Google makes it somewhat difficult to download Facebook and then when you do you find out how invasive they BOTH are!
nice
Must put in my details several times before I can be connected
This app is running thru my data plan faster by the minute. I am going to delete it. I made it so it could only play videos on WiFi but its still eating up my data. This sucks.
.
Good
Nice only
I can't text message and can't receive it due to messenger which I don't want to download
For usability.
Zeenat
New update keeps closing after i see about 10 stories on my newsfeed, i see im not the only one either.    Fix it.                        Updated it, still same problem.  Think im done with facebook
I have loved this app since i started using this months ago. I really does help you to keep in contact with family,friends,employees,and so much more. I love it because i am one of those people who doesn't always have their phones to keep in contact with people during the day for mutiple reasons. If you have an android or iphone you need to get this app
it a good app but takes alot of my storage space up
high quality
Good
I cannot play the video in my facebook app
good job
Senang "
Better
Nysh app but its very slow
Nice
When I going in message box show me messengers aaps arert
It sometimes dont load when i click on any notification seem to lose connection to internet but the internet works just fine..fix it  
Wery grit full
Don't like that FB had control of my phone! Why do u need to read my text listen in to my conversations or take video from my phone! I have an underage child and u are doing this with anyone who has the FB app or the Messenger app! Tell me how a child can agree to those term and conditions! Why are u spying on children or anyone for that matter! Q
Worst update
Wery grit full
I never really had problems with the updates, but now I have concern with the photo quality in the latest update. It's poor and noisy. Please fix it.
friends
Adam
Malai man paryo
Please add Punjabi language ...
Won't even let me open Facebook since the last update
Ok bye
Nice app
How to sync with contacts(phone book)
Facebook trapped in a Bubble
I love it
Can't change from top stories to most recent so all i get are posts from 3 days ago... The new look is crap!
Greta
Good
I wish that it would stop crashing lets hope updates beter fb junki
I love facebook app. But it can be slow at times.
Ya
Its ok but we shouldn't have to use the Messenger app!!!
So good

Its good but unable to transfer it on sd card??
Yu
Seama mokka....
About my status in fb
Keeps freezing up my phone and I don't like that messaging has been made a separate feature not going to get it especially because Facebook already freezes my phone not going to add more to the problem
Nice
This is a good .
sooo nicee
Sometimes it stops bt good speed
It shows login error. whats this?? Fuck you app developers You forces us to download messenger
Good
Comfort for all
I love fb
Its so lag that I can't move it please fix this problem so I'll give you 5 stars........probably its OK........thanks
Average hai
Happy birthday to you
Its goid,I mean when im not connected to internet its alittle slow but I thunk its detter than going on the internet and doing it
Improved UI is better than the previous versions I hope you fix the bugs instead of changing the UI
I haven't been able to make it work is always not responding.
Not sure whether its just my phone or the app bug it won't open. I have to keep reinstalling it just to use it.
Amazing! Best app ever! I am using this app for many years and I have no problem with it! Thanks to the Facebook Team!
This app always has a hard time opening and freezing up
This is the same as messenger in terms of invasiveness. Don't let facebook win!
It keeps shutting down, freezes, and makes my other apps stop working.
Cant see any picture on main page.  Keep on  loading loading loading loading loading .........and loading loading .......and loading ....
Everytime i try and post a comment or post a status it force closes on my phone. I can do everything else except post stuff. So angry!
Sady it seems to have more control over my tablet then I do. I only use it to post pictures on Facebook, yet it keeps starting itself and running in the background even when I force a shut down. Grrrr
I just liked
it uses to much memory in the phone. please fix this problem or i'll uninstall this app. Please respond to our problem as soon as possible.

Prince
Facebook
I had to update. This style of FB sucks. I have to read all old post then I might get lucky and read a current post. Then it goes back to post from 2 days ago. THIS IS WHY I DO NOT UPDATE APPS. Not to mention it freezes a lot.
king its very cool appp
I have to uninstall every time I try to upload a video. App sucks.
Sumon
I like the old version.
Use to love this app but they went way wrong on the update. Can't even use it anymore cause all it does is flash a black screen. Deleting this app and going to have to use home computer again. Way to suck Facebook!
My updates are back up. I dont see most people status until a day maybe two days later
Always shuts down on me
Best
Skype
Now if i want to update all emoji, tag and place gone... what happen???
bad app
Ow yeah
Hard to watch some video if using this apps please fix! Tq
Very Good
Easy to use and good social networking site..
X c llent
Its great app
Im Ok with the new facebook
Asifiqbal morab
It doesn't change the cover picture. It crash every time I try. Resolve it.
Divyesh
This app uses everything and needs access to everything. Why.?
Its a very good app
Unable to play any videos in facebook in the new update. after I play any video Facebook becomes Irresponsive and displays a message " an error has occurred. sorry unable to play video "
Since last update it lags all the time :-( had to revert to stock app because it now takes up way too much memory
Like wtf?! I just updated it and now it doesnt open at all. Not impressed.
Application Upgrade
Good
The best
Using it for the first time.

Facebook
Face book
Ghaint
The app crashes when updating..please fix that issue
Duh...where you are, who you know, how you feel...just duh...look at what all it Really can do or access.
Very good so far only problem with Facebook is that you can't make changes on a group once its Secret
it keeps on force closing. i can't even sign in my account. I want the old version of this app. And please lessen the app size.
Hope we can directly post GIFs..and the timeline..
I m lovng it app
V.nice app
F9
Play
Improve the apps Plsss improve
Sheuhu sani fada
Facebook
Fine
App
It's great when it doesn't freeze or force close, which is happening at least 4-5 times a day
Terbaik
good
Good work fb....keep it up
Ik
I knew you can do it better than this, the app is so heavy it keeps freezing and force closing in my galaxy ace plus, wasting a lot of resources. And we must have messenger? Come on! You are losing your loyal user
Thank you !!
Ayaan khan
Absolute Rubbish! Most of us have to or need to use this app but its functionality, reliability and customer support can only be described as 'Poor'. [It now uses 147MB of memory.] How much more space do you want?
Stop the unessary reading of txt using my camera my mic and other private things on my device changes need tobbe made to what facebook can access
for Favor
It freezes so much that I have to lose the app again
Good
Just too bad that we need to install messenger.
Hype
After the last update it keeps freezing.fix it plz
good
Very addictive.
Good and user friendly. But the page gets freezed suddenly...
Nice move
I hate with the new update its always frezing..can u please fix it.
Good apps for fast facebook
Continuously crashes fix the stoooopid thing absolute joke
This's the best!!
Dar da dependenta
Very good
Keeps freezing while I'm scrolling...
Hate that you now have to install separate messenger app to private message...oh well texting lives on
If only facebook messenger is taken out from facebook chatting or message.. Messenger slows down my facebook and have more memory than an ordinary facebook app ...
Kachan sharma
Lay bhari....
Aman tripathi
T
I am also on facebook is a good way to know about different type of peoples in the world
I love Facebook so much we can chat with your friends also
1. Freezes always         2. I want the latest stories         3. The size gets bigger and bigger.       Hope you'll solve this. Just please
It can go through your phone and take pictures of you anytime Delete now!!?!!???!
I love this apple
Is beautiful is wonderful app
this version always automatically jump out while I'm using fb.. annoying
All they want is our details and there is no option to opt out
U know what I hate this app bcoz I dont wanna switch bw 2 app.......its suck....
Nt tht much spl bt k
Fast delivery
Lovely very very nice
This app is....really awesome. ....save your time....save your data

Very slow
Nice
What the  rubish it is hanging and closing
The app is very very glitchy.  I have tried to uninstall and install again. Still no good.  Fix it
I love it
Very good fb. App but a problem I have install facebook in my phone  after installing hange my mobile samsung gts 6012 plz. Fix it
The newer version sucks. Whenever I tap as external link and come back, the app loads contents from first and I lose the last post seen.
This app used to be fantastic and work a charm. Now it's continually freezing, I am unable to use it for more than a minute at a time. It is incredibly frustrating. Please fix, or I'll just have to uninstall it. It takes up half the space on my phone anyway.
It's looking good but must improve this application.
Facebook Mobile
Even after I get new updates it freezes and makes me have to restart my phone.
Its not working well . It just crashes down after showing the frst two news feeds.. fix it plz. Its annoying
in every update of facebook my phone get slow and slow
Perfect!
Good,Good,Good,Good,this facebook chat is good for all android phone
Not bad
Congratulate  the app is basically  useless on the s5
Nice
New update keeps closing after i see about 10 stories on my newsfeed, i see im not the only one either.    Fix it
One has to install FB messanger compulsorily to chat. I really hate this
good
Bismilla
It will connect to my friend
Always hangs so i am unstalling it opera mini is better
Gud
Lol
Suraj b bairagi
All is good but only prob is my status updating has some problem... it does not allow me to add frend with and add emotions like feeling or travelling to... plzz fix something wrong with this new update.
Great app
but still need much improvements.
Epic fail. Why do you need a seperate messenger application where the previous fb app is working without problems when they have the messenger integrated with the main application.
It's ok. Getting tired but it's ok
Yesss
Winzalot
Just love Facebook
Everything is wrong with fb come on i mean what is not wrong my notifications dont go off for fb i have to click to know who like my stuff or any reasons and my phn on goes ring wen i get  a messge or  request like how would ik fully frm what i got  and my sound keeps changing to fb pop everytime i change it  like my stuff wouldnt stay the same and yall keep changing fb up 
Best
Raza
fb
Even after having a proper internet connection, why does it not loads ant new page other than the news feed? I searched for a profile and it doesn't even show the profile picture. When I clicked on the search result it still doesn't load the profile. WTF !! Why don't you take care of this?
Not working with 2G
I loved it
The upgrades continue to become more intrusive.
I
This app can open your cameras anytime.
Bangkok
Its nice and I like it as you upgrade it everytime
143     Rakesh
New upgrade is a downgrade
Best application
I can't ever get through my news feed. I'm about to give up on Facebook totally, every time I try to scroll through it freezes on EVERY video, it with freeze notifications to where I have to reset my phone, and its constantly resetting its self to the top of the feed mid scroll. This new set up isn't working, its not even worth it.
Love the connection with family
Good app but 1 minute I can watch videos on it in the video album and next minute I can't because it doesn't show up anymore ? Fix this bug and other ones please
Love fb but hate messager won't download it's a scam to get ur info !
No mention ....!
Make it as good as IOS version of facebook app
nice
Slow and freezzz
I love it..
Why on earth does the new download need to delete things of the phones USB drive, switch the phone from sleeping, make phone calls and edit texts at consumer's cost, switching  mobile networks on, this is a invasion of privacy. Pull your finger out of your bum Mark Zuckerberg
Its easily accessible
Gling
Sux
that's it....my phones a tecno h5
But now it always freeze and please fix it
Looks hideous on my screen. The text is too small and the pictures are oversized. All the icons are so small compared to how much screen space is being wasted. I'm surprised this app is allowed in the 'designed for tablets' section of Google Play. Also, keeps sending me odd notifications for random posts in my news feed that don't involve me. I don't know how to turn that off.
:)
Nice
Since this is fb, this is good
good
Great
Insufficient storage available
It is good
It will spoils u r phone  I promise
Very nice version
Install it now.....
Always have to uninstalled then reinstall to get it going fast again!
Like
Adi poli
Awesome
I'm giving only two stars its not working well , sometimes its stops automatically it's too slow
Gut
Every other time I update the app it starts acting screwy. This time it takes forever to load and when it does it just keeps telling me there is an error in loading my news feed. Good God please...
One day I went on to facebook and suddenly all the posts were gone...It said i needed to add friends but I already have so many please fix this if not all my memory in side facebook will be lost.
nice..
Ok
It's to good for good people
Bt tooo slow!
Pura jhakhassssss
Hanging problem
Install
All it does is freeze. That's it.
Facebook
Koool
Very good social application
Ia amat cepat
Heloo weeeeeeen
Amazing
Keeps on force closing -__- what to do?! This is the 2nd time i have installed it again. Please fixxxxx! Thanks.
I love facebook..i give 5 stars
Works great! I love facebook and use this app every day!
It help make friends with other people
Super
Hafeez
It's stupid for 3 reasons...                   1.) When I get a new notification, it won't show me what it is.                 2.) It drains my battery, even when I don't use it, and it runs on its own.   3.) Why force me to use messenger?
Needs more features like group settings and other missing feature's. Requires way too many permissions to trust. Serious privacy concerns, I Highly recommended blocking some of then using App Ops
No chatting No messages only thro Messenger...
Kpag tmibok ang puso
Q
Good
I hate it when always after refreshing still load old news feeds.
Nice
Powerfull

I just recently updated my xperia e2, and they removed fb from my phone and your saying the app is incompatible for my phone, wtf
Facebook
Good
Good
Update it
Thala
faster massages for my all friends.
Nice
When i want to see new feeds it wont let me and it slows down my phone then i have ro turne my phone off then vaxk one other wise facebook is great it lets you talke to tou friends id you havent talk to them for a long time
Just okk
Always exit when i click fb apps in cynogen
Good app but much more options we can expecting
Nice ;) (y)
Loved it
Facebook should change its name to snake and ladders 1 minute you are good then your not from 4 stars to 1star my Facebook had frozen because I would not do a friend request LOL from total stranger who I don't know :-(((((((((((((((((((((( have deleted the app and reinstall it again old version but it working again any chance of job Mark? LOL :-)
I like it
Good
Love facebook
its'a very great ful for face book super up
Not great for I.C.S
The videos don't stream in high quality like in the iOS version.
Awesome
lovli
Wish there wasn't so many updates it's fine the way it is
Wow
Facebook
I don't know what happened it was going well as usual but then I won't get any notification anymore and my home page had been showing me the same posts for at least three days. It would always say unable to connect to a secure network when ever I use it. I tried to open it on net and it worked but the app is very disappointing. Plz fix!
Chat
Wuvvti
I love it
facebook chat has been removed and it says the chat is in the other app which is so needed! fix this please
A
I've tried using it now and I don't know what is going on. It is not allowing me to check anything. I have tried uninstalling it and installing it again and I hope it would work this time.
Kool
Takes forever to load and wont let me tag certain people and wont let certain people tag me. Kinda annoying.
Most recent posts should be the default and even most recent doesnt display everything. Scrolling through it jumps from 3 hours ago to thursdays posts ???? update: this update has slowed the app down even more.
It wants to freeze and force close every time I get on! I took it off my phone I'll try it again in a couple of weeks! When fixed I'll give more stars!
Hijmayeb Marc ej re konsobh jjsi kakartgwsu
Consumes more space n suddenly closes while using it every time I have to start it again
Very cool
Very nice
Good for socialnetwork
Very           Nice.       Apps
Hey I hate your F'N messenger
we wont more language translater.
Love app
It's okay but it could be better, and it also could do less self advertising and forcing people to the messenger.
It's a great app although there are some bugs still needed to be fixed.
3 stars
Its speedy, smooth and very necessary.
Lol
LOvEd it
Very nice for mobile
Very good application. :)
Better
Greatest App
The Updates Suck. It's Not Even Worth A Star But Anyways. I Don't Like The Fact That You Have To Download The Messenger App In Order To See And Reply To Your Messages. This Should Be An Option. I Wouldn't Be Surprised When People Stop Using Facebook Because They Have NO PRIVACY What So Ever.
The only thing that you can get a chance to win a free email service.
Sometimes slow.
its ok
I like it but ever since this last update it keeps freezing and I have to restart it in order to scroll or do anything else
Janktion of thut
Nice
Very good, I love it.
Loved it
Great
Nice
Just loved it
Nice app
I heart this app
Good
good
Can't load news feed
I can chat and update status in facebook :)!!
Like
Fb messenger used to very well work within fb app but just to get more downloads of messenger app they discontinued messages integrated in fb...pathetic move fb guys
So beautiful
Pravin
J
Connecting people
Very fair
It don't work most the time.
Thank you facebook!!!! ;/
Nc short cut for fb
User friendly. ..
Super
This app uses so much ram, it could be classified as an operating system!  Please remove half of the unecessary push and sync services...
Good app
Facebook
Antul chauhan
Don't download Facebook messenger they have full access to ur texts,  phone calls, camera and audio!  Their using this to market products to you!  Facebook your going to far stop spying on us you have no right!
It really annoys me that Android users can not yet directly reply to a comment.
Awesome
Budhu
Good
Like
Good apps.
Good
Great app ! 
Why the bad comments face. Is like the best app ever lots of people download it you can find all your friends from your school or work 5 ***** for you Facebook  nice job
No
Im geuge tois  almaleskacelfhddvhvhf
Shabir
I like
Like the app
Gud
Addy
love
Use of Facebook
Amazing
D0es n0t work
Just updated my fb app on galaxy note2 and now it keeps hanging
bgg
it takes almost an hour to wait for it to complete the settings
Huce this facebook
Like
Its ok but news feeds always having problem to up load
fix

Jfhhee
I can't see my nbox messages nd t tells m get the app nd tz so boring bt evrything is mwaaaah
F
Qaysar Qaysar
77
so great
Great app
We can not copy text. It should allow to copy.
Videos will not play
Love it
Alaa
Aswin
It is so very log..
Always lovin it...
Keep it up
I love you facebook thank youuuuu
Very gud app to use facebook easily
Lovely
This app r u using co many members It like so many members
Thanks for sharing this with you and your family. I have a good idea to get the job done. The only problem is the best of all of the most important things in my head and shoulders. I am a beautiful person.
Keeps crashing and freezing! Sort it out!!
Great
Messenger is sucks.
Excellent
Love the social media but hate it at same time.
AngeTwon
Its very great and response faster
Yeah
I hate the fact it keeps freezing and closing by itself !! Please fix soon !!
What the hell it is. It works very slow. when i log in  in my id it say(facebook application)wait , report, forceclose. Please fix that problum. I cant give even a star. Make a new version and provide it to face book users.
Good life
the more u update the worse it gets. Now it keep going to my home screen and i cant update my profile pic thru my hp
quite ok with it but it use lots of my data @@
Deepak dubey tilathi
Nice it's very useful but it takes large of memory
Freezes & Very slow on Hydra Kyocera.  Sad. Messenger don't work on Fb either.
Get lost
nice it is so good as i want
nice
Raaj soni.trivedi.seth
nice n easy accessibility
It is awsome
Uninstall reinstall uninstall reinstall what the hell is wrong with my phone?  Or facebook? Or is it my food causing all these? I have no idea but 1 thing I know for sure, the new facebook has more bugs then actual bugs in the trees! Wish this is fixed ASAP now I can't even open facebook like usual. Such nuisance.
Owsmmm
Just realized that not only Facebook messenger, but the Facebook app too, can access your contacts/switch things around, read your messages without permission, access your camera without permission, etc. Just look into settings for the Facebook app and see for yourself! There's no reason why they need to access all this stuff!!!!!
Manoj
Khan
Good design.. Helps me to communicate with friends..
Good
It is good but take more space of my tab.
Good..
It will do...
Make new update
nyc but slow
Failing to update
Nice app
No video chat in this application
Works fine for me
Keeps Force Closing on me.
Awesome
Need opition of video down load or video save
Very good
Found far & near dear friends and relatives on facebook.
Just average
I don't like this facebook it never work good always freezing and doing stupid staff
Sar
Guud
Very poor
Good app
Hi everyone I may advice u to use this new verssion
woooooooooooo
Every time I try to watch a video I get "Unexpected error " part way through on my new LG G3. Never did this on my iPhone. Am I doing something wrong?  If not please fix this.
It takes so many time to open. Ya feel boring for that u know
This app is awesome and i can easily use it on my phone.Great App
k

Homepage doesn't refresh. I have to swipe 2,3 times or more to make it happen.
Very  good

Bad update couldn't reload the new feeds
I cannot download it please fix this problem
Pipol
Eve time you go and delete your sycn photos it takes you back to your home page and I want to delete more then one photo this has happened since I have done the update my app can you please fixs but I have not had any other problems with this app and sometimes I don't get notifications  I give this app 3бюбябю
i just love it
soooo goood
I like it ...Try new version..!!
Amazing app ever...you can do anything about this app,common s
Good
It uses so much of RAM And freezes frequently
Facebook

I love it .
I now have Facebook chat back as it was without installing a 2nd app. If you prefer an older version, google it and install that instead. Just never update Facebook as they make it worse with every one! P.s. Had to mark as 4 stars to stop my post from being checked and deleted... Again.
sangya shrpa lama
cool
search bar(poor quality), going to a link and edit option
I like it
Goodk
Ok
Too much memory and data usage. To have try to make us use the messenger that violates our privacy is NOT cool.
Would give 5 star but to slow
Really tho what about it ? Why does it require so much access ?
Jesus
Loved the performances
lwenai
This app always run in background whether you close it that makes 512mb ram below devices experience more lags on gaming and now they force us to download messenger app that also running in background?, what is the status of our ram now hell you facebook !!
Very disappointing since this means the app is just using other devices as a crutch since they can better handle the memory bloat that is most likely causing it to crash.  Fix this please.
Hard to upload photos from my gallery
Fixs
Slow
Like
E
Osm aap
Delete this app and messager, it can change anything on and in your device and change any passwords on your device. I can do anything it wants to anytime it pleases. Its discrimination of our rites and personal rite rather you gave them permission to do so or not. They just want information and money. Look it up on your device. go to settings and hit app info it'll tell you. I would give this a -5 star rating if I could!
very nice
WAT A THING
Ok ok ok
Log in too late but application ok very smart
Ismail shaikh
Why do i need to have messenger to send a message? ?
Make my phone freeze it gets stuck
Pratha
Facebook did not work for my old phone so i purchased a galaxy phone and it works perfect soo for people facebook that does not work i think is cuz it only runs on a better phone.
This sucks
Wonderful social networking site
Great venue great place for a party great views.
Good app to get on when your board
I Liked faceBook
Slik and smooth
This app takes up so much space. About 160mb from my phone. Fix so more ppl can get it without loosing all their memory
Invading people's privacy.. Actually it's 0 stars!!!!  Shame on you for spying on everyone.. You peeping Tom.
X
Good
Very good app
Cool
Won't let me upload videos
My Diary
I loved this app .
its good ...but if the videos are played by a third party app it will be more good.
It's very usefully
Improve the app, drastically ramp up irrelevant advertising. At this point I not only want Facebook off my phone but am contemplating deactivating my account.   With all the mined data you think that the targeted ads would at least make sense. Good going guys!
I like it
No Photos are loading. Fix this problem. And it also stops responding.
Hate that you need a seperate app for messages.  Messenger app is inconvenient.  Mobile version of Facebook significantly faster and more reliable on Galaxy Centura.
After the update it keeps freezing after scroling a few seconds
I like facebook but it does tha same thing freeze up my phone , fix that
Super
Keeps freezing and kicking me off
You have to download two apps in order to get a full experience. If the were any good at developing, they probably could've done it in one app.
It takes forever to upload. Then it loses connection. And freezes plus it has video issues.
Someone else's phone number for my logon
Please launch new version in which we can copy text from this and past anywhere we want.
I hate the messenger but the regular app is fun and convenient
Good
Email
Rane Default  sh
No need to hae tgis app anymore if i gotta go the the mobile site just to send a msg mines well stay on the mobile fb n free up this app space
Nice
I love u
This an awesome
Is Not working ?????? Why
It comes to me very slowly. Please update it?
Piyush raval
Me gusta

Always have to update each week and its not cool
Doesn't want to log in each time failure pls fix
I love facebook
Great
Facebook sucks
Fast and friendly
You might as well give this app a blood and stool sample while your at it. The privileges this has to your data, who you are and your location is ridiculous. Lets go back to MySpace, atleast tom wasn't in bed with the NSA....
Facebook
I like it
What is the point in having top stories as default? No-one cares what happened 2 weeks ago. More recent should be the default setting for the news feed. It's ok to say you can access it from the menu on the right, but what a pain when you have to do it EVERY TIME! Give the users what they want. This has been a constant request yet you still insist on having top stories as default and no way of changing it. When that is done, I will change my rating to 5 stars.
Good
feels good to join the world to Make it a better place .
I like this app.
Unistalled it and know i cant install it back when its goanna download it says error -24
Froze on my phone all the time. The old versions never froze on me.
I love it
Sri Lanka
Hate that you have to have messenger to view your messages. Its stupid. Why should I download a whole new app just to view anything. At this point I'm ready to delete facebook all together!!!!!
Gk
Student
Why should I have to download another app to check my messages I think its stupid. Then on top of it going thru people's privacy is just wrong.
Its OK
I don't like that they want me to have two apps. I will never download the messenger app, and will soon delete facebook app once my pictures are removed.
Sainajena
Would like it way better if it didn't force me to download messanger!!! If I not fixed I will delete and find a new way to contact my dad in Wyoming
Amazing
It keeps messing up
Awesome
Wow
Cool whit  not is fast
need to improve
Nice apps
MAC
Messenger app ruined facebook.
All these updates and still this app is crappy!!!! I try to check my notification and it sends me to the last post I read and won't let me see other notifications I have. Really needs to fix the issues it's very annoying!!!! Really hate uninstalling and then re-installing!!!! Staring to HATE this app!!!
Ok
Best
If i wanted this app i would have it installed already! Your bad decisions will eventually make me stop using Facebook for good and on all platforms!
Ok i love it
...
Every link that I click on just closes the application. I cant even refresh the feed without it closing. Im deleting the app until I hear it is fixed.
Good to use
Good
Loved it
The  main  problem  Is this Facebook  taken  a more internal phone  memory  up to 150mb ....need to modify it.
Lbh menarik n lbh snang
Super social network and its number one in S.A.Its the best s.n which help many to communicate.
Will not give u anything but a one star because u have to download facebook messenger just to read yiur messages. Waste of space and very inconvenient!
Good
Essa
It's a good social network
Likely
Goods
It's been lagging a lot and I hate the new thing about messaging where you have to download messenger
i love facebook but it takes up too much space and u have to have messenger with it and it wont let me download both
+10very very good apps.
Rosalynda aplingan
It's good. For me
Good i love it
The stupid update makes it close every single time it tries to refresh my newsfeed. LAAAME.
Very good
Doesn't lag on the Vodafone smart mini
loved it
Ok
If anyone else is like me and loves to know what there profile cover looks like..
like it
It's a great social net-work application. I love it.
Good
I like
Makes my phone so slow
Good
i love it..
Sometimes its error
I just simply hate it
Super but very slow
Chatting
Everytime I try to upload a video it crashes the app and then I can't use the Facebook app again until I uninstall and reinstall it. Totally ridiculous
Tired of it using my battery & phone data space!!! It freezes, it runs videos without my permission...I want to be able to delete the friends notifications instead of them stacking up using space! You just keep using more & more info & space ready to uninstall all of it!!!
Awesome
It's nice
It's a great app..... I love Facebook its amazing!!!!
Love it when people share positive and enlightening events.
Samsung-GT5280.......... my facebook app is running to slow .how to make it fast
Good
Sagar
Mr
Since the updates, you are now forced to install a second app to use the messenger part. Thanks but no thanks. If I must install another ram consuming app because this one can't do it's full intended job, I guess I won't be needing this one anymore.
Samsung-GT5280
Man
So good
Great
I don't like to be forced to do something. I can't even see my messages now!!
Rit
Pap was a rolling stone
Im an iphone user before, fb crashes all the time but not with my android phone anymore
Forced to install messenger. Can't set recent as default view. New stories cause you too lose place and return to top when viewing. Doesn't update immediately. Took forever for a friend's post to show up.
Freezes and doesn't respond all the time plz fix
After recent update ... app crashes continously. . Its quite unusable... .
I like it. It is easy to use.
Naiyab
Samsung Note 3
I love my india
"Error loading news feed" what the heck happened on the last updated?
It works
Most of the times the feed don't even load...
Best
Thi k he
Do not download messenger it copies your personal information
Nice
Ok
Hdup umpama prahu tnpa dyungnya...
It keeps freezing mafwn
Good
Great
Good
But slow
Well, I've seen something odd whenever I tag a name on comment because it doesn't give the blue font colour that indicates that I've tag someone on it.
Facebook
Very good
Gooood
I dont like all the access you need to have to my personal information especially my contacts, camera and sound recorder... and then if you wanted to you can record video or sound at any given time? Please make changes and detail exactly what these things are needed for and let us choose what you can access.
Good for over 13 boys
Ok
Col
Ko ko ko
rocy .comm
123
Thai
I don't like the new update when watching videos touching the screen just pauses the video
Sucks
Nic
I can cinnect with everyone undet one app
Its a great way to stay in contacts with old friends
Ang galing mu
Very slow log in... I have no problem to log in with old version
Supe4
Great
Awesome
Ashanor mirda
Freezing. Duhh.. I rate 5 star if u fix this problem..
will not Respond
The best
Sucks
I hate it when the news feed jumps me to the most recent post with no warning, and I not pleased that I had to download messenger to c my messages. I got one more bone to pick, It keeps telling me I got a message/friend request/new event  and it won't load the new ones.
I cant see my messages only if I download the messenger app but i don't want to download it. Takes all my storage please fix it .
I tried to log out of my sisters and it will Hitachi back to her news feed fix it other wise it's coo
Awesome App
I hate that it takes up most of my space on my phone and that I have to keep uninstalling it to update it
I love it
Love keeping up with long distance friends and family!!! Sticks, freezes, skips, etc.  Quite buggy!! Needs fixing ASAP. Have told friends to follow me on Twitter.
Hi hi hi hi...ho ho ho ho...ha ha ha ha...lalalalalla...lulalu..heeeeeee...
Lame and stupid
Yes
Super awesome
Love it too much but unable to install due to unknown error code "-24". What's wrong?  Previously kicked me off from logging in hence, uninstalled the app & re - install & failed.. Please help!!!
Facebook
Hate the permissions.
good
Fb
I rarely get to see updates to my newsfeed. Even when I do see new status, some really arn't new, they could be from 3 days ago! The app also force closes A LOT, it's really fusdrating. The app is also slow to load things.
Runs poorly, freezes itself and after closing itself, it makes other apps have problems.
Much improved in recent editions. Can't complain except it takes too much of my time!
Oke
Good
You can do many things and make friends, also you can text using Facebook (better if you use Facebook messenger). You can look at your Facebook feed and see what is happening in the world. I love it a lot and enjoy it very much.
Don't even start.it Freeze's my Asus!
Fast
Always any bug not have improvement
Go follow please
Good app
Might like more when they resolve their privacy issues. FB updated then found all my pics were changed to public. That happen twice so finally deleted all pics from FB.
I like it
Facebook kept messing up it would freeze and log me out and know it has disabled my system ui
Well, it keeps getting better. But it is constantly freezing on me now.
OSIDE
Since the new update I installed, Facebook keeps freezing or just closes on me in the middle of trying to scroll thru my newsfeed. PLZ FIX THIS ISSUE!!
Iloveit
Gay
Add more pop
Mean
Its cool
Good
If you don't download the inbox message app, you won't be able to access your messages
Trying to use Facebook  but its quitting on me
I can't even save a photo from a group chat  so now I need to do a print screen ,crop the pic and then post it on my page you guys are making it hard for us!!!!!
Nice
Great
Yes
From the first version of Facebook it was fast and not a ram eater and memory eater but now facebook became wild on smartphones because of Large Memory and ram eater:(
I kyk it
Very fast and easy to use,  interface is butter smooth, the only part i disliked is the removal of chat option within the app.
Cannot open without the app freezing constantly. So frustrating!
It freeze up my apps and whole Phone
This app works for me!
Good speed nice working
new
Like it
sodha
This ap doesn't work right without downloading messenger. I hate being forced to use up SO MUCH SPACE on my phone to have 2 aps that are essentially one.
Same time not responding
Sangat berpuas hati dgn facebook..dpt cari kwn yg lama2..tq facebook
Good work
Crashes randomly.
Still cant no notifications on things I've commented on
Every post I see said "just now " Evan no it was tester day I posted it
Won't allow me access to my facebook account keep saying they need a browser and when i say ok nothing happens
Like
Dear sir, This app is doen't move in phone memory, This is big problem to me, bcoz this app consumed more space in my phone memory. plz solve this problem in next update.thank u
Verry good
Awesome
I don't like the fact that I can't see most recent. Also, now it's slow as f$#k! What's wrong with you people? Are you ever gonna fix it? I should have never updated it... :@
Times me out to quickly & have always signin again & again !!!!!
Happy
P
Drama filled awesomeness
Good
Best social app hands down
Kept freezing
The permissions might as well require me to hand over my first born son.
Facebook
The switch to Facebook messenger for all PM's is a disgrace. I hate being forced to install a new app to get the same functionality as what was originally offered. Poor choice Facebook. Messenger is one of the worst apps I've used in a long time. Hate the "heads" on my screen. Interupts other apps. Horrible!
Great way to stay in touch.
please help me to uploads my videos to facebook.
I like it but keeps freezing
my facebook not working..
None of the photos show in facebook on my tmobile 3G slide

Everytime i click on facebook, it says it stopped and then it takes me back to homepage. Please fix this.
I'm re-rating the app. I'm only going to up it 1 star to a 3. I don't see why the page manager & messenger  all  need to be separate applications. That's three applications I need to install to access facebook and all the features that I need. Personally I think it's ridiculous and I'll stick to the web browser
Nancy carrizales
Confusing
Facebook
Crashes everytime i load it on my sumsung galaxy tab3
Hard to down load app
I tried tumblr didn't like it the new Facebook is really slick but I'm just in love with Instagram and I'm glad that Facebook pawns it
I use to love the app, but now that it forces you to download an app to just read and send your messages. Its stupid. It takes up to much space. Also facebook wont let me post without it freezing up and crashing. And plus the "messenger app" does things without our/my permission. I think you need to get rid of the "messenger app" and make facebook the way it used to be. Which was good!!
Good
Nice
My connection is there but it says no connection or error loading... Why?? >.<
Facebook
Abhishek
The app freezes all the time.  There are so many glitches it's comical.  Get it together Facebook!
Aced
I can find what I want here
Good app
Super
Scrumptious

Sometime fb is really annoying with a push notification to synchronize with other applucations when I restart my phone. Also a push notification to fill in some personal data
Good
I love it
Getting old fast
Every update requires more and more ram to run, slowing down my phone and sometimes even freezing it.

For fast service
Fantastic way to keep I  touch with those out if state who you see once every few years. Love it so much!!
Keeps on freezing. Had to redownload. Please fix
When i use facebook my device always hang why ??
When I try to play the video on my new feed it will just freeze and sometimes I'll get sound. Please update and fix
I'm change my fon now I have Samsung note 3 neo and it clearly work on it.
I don't really like the app. It:s really slow when i try to log on and everytime i scroll down it freezes. Then on top of that when i swip left or right it won't go. And my phone aleays freezes atfer using this app
Presser vessal Fabricater like this warks
I loved it when I didn't have to download messenger and use that to message people. So I give it one star, make it the old way and you got a 5 star rate.
THIS APP is horrible,it freezes constantly
Too gud
Mabopane
Cant see my home page and pic.I m using tab.I was use now s change
App is way to big (nearly 23mb) and now doesn't allow for messaging via the app, but instead requires a separate app. Come on Facebook get your act together and least decrease the size of the app.
Facebook
In facebook I learn a lot of things from Businesses Arts & Leisure, News around the world , Sports, Health Matters,Religious Advocation, Motivation advice from experts personalities though have negative feed backs but as a human its in our choice if were going to follow or not...
I don't know if it is my phone or the app but i always without fail have to try to open Facebook multiple times before it actually works continuously. It lags and closes itself. Sometimes it's hopeless and I must wait till later. It happens on all battery levels and no other app I have does this.
Wont stop shutting down my tablet after i click something. Started happening after this last update. PLEASE FIX!!!!!
Why should facebook have permission to access my text messages? Access to my photos and videos? Why must facebook have control of everything?!?!
I cant download this facebook app -_-
Please update this app for video calling
Good
Ga bisa ngepost masaaa
I refuse to download another app just for messages!
I love it
To many permissions. This app is very intrusive. If my associates weren't so ignorant to this fact. I could really do without this app. But for some reason these fools insist on contacting me through facebook. Which forces me to install and uninstall constantly. My question is?  Is your life so boring that you have to be plugged in meddling with others through a app that meddles in everyone's business. Ijs... Think about it!!!
Best
I can't upload videos. I've uninstalled the app & reinstalled the app it still doesn't work. I still can't upload videos. Please fix this asap & after recent updates it still freezes & I still cant upload video's
Completely stupid to require the messenger just to message people. Not like anything has to be updated regarding the messaging feature as is.
Super
Wicked
098765
Nice
Still needs features like sharing to private message
Wow amazing !
Nice work
Not certain just yet
Great just need a way to delete all messages at once
So nine yrs
wtf
Kidukkan app
2 nice, nothing say.
Why I (we) can't replay to comments I am expecting from your app what i am getting from FB on PC please fix it
Good
It appears that a huge percentage of today's drama begins on Facebook. I vegan this to keep in contact with my children overseas in the military. Lately there has also been a scare that Facebook can look into my phone and through my camera. I don't feel comfortable with that at all. Facebook doesn't have any right to go through my personal information.
Love it
Facebook is good for conecting people..
Good
Excellent
Best apps
The best app ever
Ok
Soy alegre n todos los sentidos me gusta disfrutar s la vida sanamente
This app freezes every time I try to open it. I'm about to just delete it.
Gossip
I love this app
Please don't instead for installing messenger ...
Making people get the messenger to view the messages is very shady... just cause you want to view all of our personal info on our phones very not cool.
Cant even see my messages,notif,nothing
Messenger screw up
Can't live without it
This is the best.б╠
Sucks
Nice appp
Best
Facebook
Seriously. Why should I have to have 2 different apps for one site?
Fixx it
Other than the freeze ups   I like ir
Consumes massive amounts of space! Ridiculous
Error while news feed load for 1 days
Suddenly, it crashes and videos will not play anymore. If this continues, app will be deleted, tossed away just like I did with FB messenger. It also consumes data like a black hole consumes galaxies.
19800212
Good
Fb se masanger hatao Ram bhot cover kar raha hai
Sdeg
It's cool that you can messer peaple without haveing to download anything else
Addictive, cant wait until the busy time all my m8s can have a good natter The new.  adults way to be. the fastest way of knowiing  wots happening with the other half of the folks u know which freindsr doing wot with who n r u in on it great laugh. U will nevet get deppresd as well. It's better than sex lol
Always be happy
Please continue to make the app great and fast! :)
very nice 
Never had issues until I updated now it freezes constantly!!!!! Horrible update!!!!!
Excellent app
Awesome
Outstanding!!!!
Wondering why I'm not able to play videos anymore??????????
Freezes alot and I can't play the videos on my page
Really rocks
Its good
I hate that you have to have the messenger app it sucks. I got hacked the first week I had the messenger app. Change that and I'll give you five stars
Good
For the past few nights, it's been telling me that there is an 'error loading newsfeed' after about 9:30 at night or so. I know it's not my internet seeings how every other app still works and that I wouldn't be writing this review at 10:18 at night
Facebook keeps freezing smh would of gave it more stars but the problems keep coming up
Good
Like it
Sunilkadavath
Like it
Nice
Nice
Good :-)
Facebook without life bouring
Even im not active.when i open my fb acount..i empress.paster than i tough.love it
Noting
It's makin me sign in twice & then closing. Not cool, these new updates ain't no good
I love it
Nice!
Cool by me so far
Again,  I update and it freezes, or worse it completely knocks me off and I have to reopen,  ugh,  wish something better would come along.
Very nice
nice apps using facebook
Very tired of your crap fb. I shouldn't have to log out or send a report every single time I want to view my notifications.
Jason
It freezes everytime I open it. .-.
the UI of the tablet version looks terrible
One star because this app is worthless kills my phones memory locks up really tired of uninstalling it then I have to reinstall it don't worry I finally get logged on again fix this POS APP ASAP.
The app freezes a lot
i like facebook for android
Its bogus you need to access our text messages, send text messages,record conversations, take pictures and videos, access our contacts and blah blah blah it goes on and on and on. Invasion of privacy. Facebook and Facebook messenger will be out of my life soon for good! I like my privacy way more than giving some stranger access to my whole life. Sick people. This is ridiculous.
Niceee
Videos wont play anymore.....HAD TO UNINSTALL AND REINSTALL TO GET VIDEOS TO WORK !!
Now facebook works really fast.
Koool nice

Good
This app used to be so much fast but now  it freezes my phone quite often and has become much slower...
Very good
Sometimes not okay....
I love that snuff
Freezes
Boooooo
Bong yot FACEBOOK
Do i have to explain it?
Keeps freezing! Not DL messenger!
All of it
The best social app
I have had Facebook for a while and, I have to say they're going downhill at an alarming rate. I knew that their site was dying but to implement so many changes that has such negative feedback.. Its all about the money now. 
Can't play videos
Please read permissions of this application.  Seems a bit invasive.
Cooling
Thank you.
For use only
Domingo
Good morning
Updates, updates, updates, updates, updates, updates, updates............
I like this
I'm very unhappy with the recent changes. Within the last week or so when I try to scroll through the news feed it freezes on me so I have to back out to my home  screen. Also making your users have to install your new messenger app in order for us to review private messages is ridiculous.  I miss the old Facebook. ....
It's okay, I liked the old better. And having to download messenger for Facebook it confusing
Like
Best
It's ok
Dam fast....loading
I meet my old friends in face book thanks....... I like this app....
I like it very fast
bisous
It won't stay open, constantly closing.
Facebook keeps freezing IT team need to fix as soon as possible
Once opened.. the app will refuse to work.. :@ and the messenger is the worst thing happened to fb.
Antima
Synced my phone for photos, photos gone from phone and not on Facebook.  Want photos back as most were of my dog who died in August, emailed Facebook 7 times and had no answer.  Gutted.
Nice design and looking freeze in my Handphone
Awesome.
You have ruined it completely deleted the old app and the messenger app when I was told wat info e could take then downloaded facebook app again without the messenger and the new layout is the worst iv ever seen actually taught it was an old version that I downloaded by mistake least to say it was taken off again would give it a minus rating if possible
It's slow than older version
Amazing
Super
I'm not even trying to open it! Irritating that it keeps interrupting my other apps 
I love facebook but everytime it updates it freezes my phone:(
I love the update version
Nice job juker berg
Cool
Good
It's the same update over and over again

Loved it
It keeps freezing up my tablet
Let me Kee in touch with friends and family
Good app
Great app
Very stupid i have to download a diffrent app
Love it
I'm on all the time love keeping in touch with friends and family
Best aaps
Pure trash. Forces you to download messenger. So ridiculously bloated in size. And horrible performance on any phone.
Tried to force me to install Facebook messenger so I am uninstalling it after I type this
Nice update. But the new update for pc  is lititle  lagger
I do like the new download on Facebook
Awesome
Sorry for the language but since the last updated ads keep popping up randomly PLEASE fix it
Horrible freeze ups !
Taking lot of space in my phone memmory by these updates i really hated it now
Stupid cops all over this thing
Eats up your battery & Memory. Makes phone run very very slow.
Ajay inocencio
I like that fact yall keep updating the look on the mobile app
New update deleted pictures on my phone and keeps shutting my phone down... had to hard reset my phone,  first app back on my phone and kept sitting it down till I deleted and uninstalled it
Bomb app
Awesome revamp on the  UI. Very minimalist, yet very intuitive. Only beef I have with this is the Facebook Messenger that seems to be grafted to it.
Nice and fast
last year i gave ** but now, sorry i just give *. after many times update, i dont see something better. sorry. :(
Gud
New version of face book is really awesome .
Easy  website to access n cimunicate
Too gud
Good working
Facebook
automatically closes no matter how many times I click the app
~Trima Kasih#
Good
sweet!
Privacy settings terrible... Slowing down my phone. Doesn't load
Fb
Family passing away
I keep deleting this app because of how Mich memory it takes out for your phone , not to mention access to everything on your phone !!!!
Social media ruins people.                 But I love it. Internet is my life.      Its sad.
Love it but y so much data to download -_-
Idk what the heck keeps happening but it keeps freezing and locking up..or will close itself and I have to restart my phone to make it work..PLEASE FIX!!
STOP UPDATING EVERY SO OFTEN! CONTINUOUSLY FREEZES THEN I GET GOOD 'OL FASHIONED "UNFORTUNATELY,FACEBOOK HAS STOPPED RESPONDING" MESSAGE OR FACEBOOK HAS STOPPED RESPONDING!  I 9/10 GET BOTH WITHIN 20 SECONDS OF EACH OTHER! I ALSO HAVE NESSAGES FRIM FRIENDS ASKUNG WHO SOME POEPLE ARE ABD UF I SENT THEM ANY "FRIEND SUGGESTIONS AT 2AM! WTFH?
No, I will not download Facebook messenger
Videos are uploaded with a quality standard that doesn't meet my expectations. Horrendus quality for a 1920x1080 Full HD video.
News feed does not update, nor does it update correctly. I can't edit the privacy of events that I host! Let me report comments and stuff! When I click notifications in my drop down bar on my screen, it goes to my News Feed, but it says Notifications in the app! Please fix!
Eff
I hate that it never stays in the place i left it at. It keeps refreshing, well guess what? I DONT WANT IT TO REFRESH!
New patch is not good..
So anoying..it keeps on crashing i open it from last 2 days on my samsung galaxy s4 mini....solve this issue...soon
This app is great
Nice
For some odd reason fb keeps telling me my time has expired and keeps logging me out every 2 - 3 minutes.... Fix before i go back to myspace !!!
Can not see pictures please fix
facebook katana
Pictures rarely load. They have a permanent refresh symbol over them instead. Doesn't matter if I am on WiFi or 4g, all of my other apps have no problem loading images except this one. Even using Facebook through a browser will load images without a problem. Using galaxy s5, what gives? :/
Micah Harris
Uninstalling
Facebook
But my mobile network too slow.very slow vodafone 2G speed.
The default feed isnt "most recent" how would facebook know what I consider to be top stories?  , I like seeing posts that are fresh and up to date
Man
A faster way to block people who start drama
Pretty good but my videos won't download plus can't delete my page also can't get into mynotes
Eh, it keeps freezing.
Love it.
good
Candy crush
This app has always been very slow to load images
:)
Works great...
It keeps going back to home page.I stroll down and it closes
App:
I like having access to FB on my mobile, and this app works reasonably well (most of the time) and reasonably quickly (most of the time). HOWEVER, it has always asked for a worrisome number of permissions and resources with equally worrisome vague explanations as to why such is required. And NOW they're separating the Messaging out into a second, huge, permission-hungry app despite overwhelming negative feedback. Genius. I'll keep using this one to feed my addiction (for now), but NO MESSENGER FOR ME!
Hate the change as my phone crashes when I open the app
Verygood
Face book
Ok
Nice
Age of extinction
Good app
Awesome
Finaly we got a gud update.. still need to improve in( photo tagging ) but very much satisfied now keep going.. good work
Every time I put my correct password which I wrote down somewhere , it keep s telling me it's incorrect
Automatically crash duting scroll or video playback.
I like to say about this app is very good
Love it
Keeps freezing my phone up. About to uninstall it
Fasika abebe
Jfucked app
Feby honey
Everything takes for ever to load. Slow running. Waste of time stick with built in app.
Awesome
Antivirus
It keeps freezing up on my tablet also.
Good app
Sakha
When I wants to see my fb  messages I can't see them ....b'coz  messanger add. Gets there

Every time I play a video. Facebook always shutdown
Why do you have to downloaD the messenger app its so annoying
Absurd amount of crashing and force closing and I would love to be using a app that runs like it's at version 12 not in a .001 alpha
I don't see any difference with the LATEST update.
Facebook
Is ok with me i seldom use it
Bring back old messaging, it's not right that you have to download an app for that! !!!!! 
It Stopped loading pictures. And will sometimes crash or freeze.
Can't watch and load videos with update.
So many freakin changes that it's just one stinking problem after another. Latest update closes FB and it has to go through the set up all over again. Guess I am gonna just stick with the web version till you guys quit screwin around.
Works in phone mode but does not work in tablet mode over WiFi or 4G. Please look into this and try to resolve.
I shouldn't have down low messger to talk with my friend i like it the way it was.
Its Facebook bro. Its never let me down.
Supah love it
Grr
It's a great app but can't update my profile
Love it
It always says Facebook not responding so fix it and maybe I'll down load it again
Y .2.k
I love it!!!!
It freezes i shouldn't have to go out my way to see my messages ITS FREAKING STUPID AND SUCKS :P
Interesting
Love
the jagoffs at Facebook force you to download the messenger app on top of this being pre-installed on a vast majority of Droids, and both will continuously leech battery life by running in the background AND automatically restarting themselves  shortly after force stopping or quick killing via device management apps (eg CLEAN MASTER) only options are to disable Fb (still rooting around behind the scenes) or custom OS to completely remove it. suck it, f--kerberg
Its an ok app
NiceLove it
I like
Also am uninstalling messager if fb doesn't work well no more fb.......
I like it very much
Does anyone know how to see the videos on your friend's wall because on IOS u jist have to go to their photos nd there is a folder showing the videos they uploaded??
Hate that I have to get another app just to see my messages
It's great
I don't like the permissions. I wish I had a say on what Facebook can view.
Nice updare but the only thing i find with a problem is the loading of photoa i want to view. Whenever i  try to view them or any photos in the app, they load blurry and even if i wait a very999x long999x time the images dont iprove their resolutions. Please help. Much better i i try to open fb with a different browser such as chrome because i can see the image gets clearer and clearer. My gadget is samsung galaxy tab3
Lv it
Itz okay
Free Wi-Fi
for an old version
I hate that you are trying to make me download your messenger app in at the point of deleting my entire account
It asks me for password at each phone reboot
Doesn't work well
I can't type comments or post picture comments. Useless for the past several days.
Its always freezing & shutting off
Not bad at all....
nice good job...
Fb is goood
I shouldn't have to go out of my way to review my messages!
So awesome
Not only does it slow my phone down but also makes and I repeat makes you download messenger. Facebook is crap now and invading your privacy
The dAta part is taking 50mb pls do something to reduce it. Consuming a lot if memory spaces, thank you.
Hate that I have to download the messanger app
Oh it is Johnson emparedado
I am love it
Sucks.Says my email is invalid.Can't get on
Everytime I try to scroll down or move around the app closes. Fix this fast!
Nice facebook ^___^
It's glitchy slow laggy and most of all just plain terrible needs to go to the way it was
I love this app  
How long does it take it to set up after the latest update because that's all it does and then i stop it because it takes too long
Osom experince
Facebook cok guzeldir
To slow, stops constantly. I hate the new private message that's a separate app.this suck
los angeles calif.
Love that I can keep in contact with friends and family
Takes too much info along with messenger app. Will be telling all my friends to uninstall the messenger.
Great
Not a bad app, but it sucks that messenger is separate.
Like the idea
Facebook Okk
I like
I LIKE IT
pls fix my problem on mobile not on desktop thank
I've just updated the app on my Z2 Xperia and now sometimes photos don't load and just very glitchy at times
It just keeps updating even after I attempted to uninstall the app
The app is not working very well after the last update. Pics and videos won't load.
When I try to watch videos it freezes in the middle of the video, it won't let me create groups please fix in the next update !!!
100%
Having too much troubles with it :/ the whole mobile freeze and i have to restart my mobile
Awesome
the best much better than instagram
So cool and supper fasy
Kimberly Conant
I luv it
nice
Angry birds
I like being able to connect to friends but I don't like that it could stalk my friends and family.
Takes up my storage even when I'm logged out.
Rated this app but like everyone is saying it keeps closing itself and can't update status or comment. PLEASE FIX!!
Ruth Torres
good
Scrolling up and down.....is not that smooth.....!! Fb....we don't expect dis  type of apps....from u....!! Jerkiness while scrolling is very much there....!! Pls fix it....!!

When I report something I see that a reasonable and prudent person would find offensive and I'm told "Thank you, we'll take it under advisement" and nothing is done about it?? That's why you didn't earn those extra stars.....
Superp
Bagus.... FB ga ada matinya...
Your app keeps freezing up. This should not be happening to an app that this popular. It should always be on point.
Best
Good
TETELE
Love it
Amazing
Ok...
Every time I try to load a video it times out
Really nice and love forever....
Facebook is tracking your every move. It takes pictures of you without your permission taps into your text messages. It reads your texts i mean all of them and looks at the pictures you take. And gps helps it track down where you are. I only use the app so i can post my selfies
I loved dat fbvery fast and it work automatically yaaaa
Ka12345
My videos will not play. A error message keeps coming up. I have reported this problem several time. And the problem is not fix
It Wont Let Me Download the app anymore at all it keeps saying -24 error.
New update is crap, it's slow.it constantly forces close and no videos work. New update needed!!!!
For some reason my "recent posts" is also top posts. Please fix.
I love thiss ap
Kandi west bangl india
its force me to use fb msg :(
Great app
Useless app
cant open. need to uninstall and install again :(
Hmmm
New up date :( :( :( remove it or fix it
J
Rajendr.shing
I'm a FB junkie and I loved to be able to tag people and check in at places but every since last night I can't anymore! Give me my emojis back!
Many times, I will open the app and try to scroll through and I can't because the screen is frozen. Takes forever to get it to actually work.
Thats why I like it
Kindly add option to change friend setting.. like who can see you friend list. Also add repositioning of the cover photos..nd desktop view option
Very nice this apps :* ;) :) :D
Es un poco lenta pero es muy moderna y pesa mucho
I enjoyed using the app before but the system is always crashing down that I have to uninstall it. Hope it'll work fine now after the re-installation.
It sucks that we're not allowed  to move this app to our SD slot to save a 140 megabytes
Imilda kalis
Whenever i open up facebook, it just says "setting up facebook" and stays that way forever. Please fix this, its getting annoying.
Good design and a lot of features but it take lot of cache memory and it's slow on older devices
Just updated it, and when I try to log in it loads for a while and then an error comes up.
Every time I try too get on it;  it won't lemme get in it
i just hate facebook idk
Important app
If you don't like this app uninstalled forever and stop swearing  this app BLEEP AND BLEEP
I love it
Love it !
Le meilleur
Pantara
Gradually needing more and more resources with each update. Not happy about messenger.
Wtf
Freezes, crashes, slows my phone. Only thing good to say about it is that its easier to use than my browser.
E muito Ben e gostosso
:-P :-P :-P
I can't open this app.
Facebook decides to stop in. the middle of my news feed to take me to the top again! I never get a chance to read all the way thru for the day! It's annoying! The developers apparently decides what we want to read and what program to read it with, taking up way more space my phone is lacking! Samsung Galaxy 4, Samsung note 10.1 tab.
very up to date.keep up the good work.....
Fbk app can access to almost everything on my phone including contacts camera microphone and all that.
Its good but its eating my ram and keeps my device so laggy ..Way to go .
The app is good but I wish the messaging comes back :(
Great
You all need to not make getting messenger mandatory b/c people are de-activating their page.
like
Dum
Still no way of toggling the most recent feed to main feed. I hate the predictive algorithm it's dreadful and it shouldn't be the default in it's broken state. Cannot delete/hide the dreadful "What thingy are you?" quiz posts or anything else because it's broken.  Messenger is a separate app. Just scrap this piece of garbage and start again or allow third party apps.
2112
Its alright
Nice app
superb
It Isnt downloading in my Samsung
Superb
Love it...
So goode
It needs to be 1 application again. Far more efficient and takes up less space on the people's phones.
Freezes and don't like the fact of having to down load Messenger to send messages
So nice
Love the improvements!
it keeps locking up and kicking me off. so annoying
Much better after the update....
It FREEZES TO MUCH
Love it
It does'nt connects , keeps on loading till and till
Uhhhh
It's getting better
Has some bugs.. kindly notice n fix it!! Else surely 5 stars :)
Error due to downloading in facebook app.
Takes a Tinyest Bit of Internet to load
Just awesome
Kkkk
VGood
Frequent crashes since last update
Love it
It help to communicate with many people in the world
Love it..
So nice :-)
Fair
Mahal kita
Newest update isn't bad
The only and major problem that it often hangs my fone...why??
Ever since the upgrade my newsfeed won't load.  I have uninstalled and installed , rebooted my phOne , and logged out and  it's still not working
Have too change my password almost every time i log in. It really sucks.
Tgiegan
Why do I need another app to access an application already installed.  It already freezes up and asks for too many permissions.  I prefer the Web version.
When I update my newsfeeds I see posts from days/hours ago and barely see new ones. Kind of annoying seeing the same thing when scrolling. I'm uninstalling and closing my account. Facebook the next MySpace.
Dhindsaprabal
Wish I was more creative with this app business wise. Might become a game changer!
X
lovely
Its ok :)
Great
Update**  Still no fix for broken video playback! Come on Facebook, fix this crap!   Older review: This latest update has ruined watching a full video  without multiple error messages. And now it takes an extra step to get to your browser to read an article. FB wants to keep you locked in the app along with messenger taking over your phone. Just terrible!
Love it
Just terrible, why do I have to go to the App store just to open Facebook
Awesome app
the last two updates r a bit usefull.. runs abit faster dn b4.. still alot of improvements needed to b done.. alot much faster cn b made.. do it n 5 star z waiting at my fingertips..
People shouls have it
loveit
Freeze every time I get to a video please make it stop
Well done...
Shuts down automatically. .
It was great
Facebook
Very useful
The web site is better.
So tired of the app having several issues all the time. Always loading but nothing ever pops up.
Facebook
Facebeook
I dont mind it but it freezes up my phone and it seems slower
The layout is not much different from before but as on Twitter where you can favourite a post you can't do this with Facebook. Would be useful.
Talat
Wonderful
Facebook.
I like it
Well not what i was specting wheb trying to upload pics and my screen gets frozen .. lame app
connecting book
Major security breach.
CHANGE THE PERMISSIONS, please
It is superb now
I like fb
I would have rated it 5* but I didn't because it keeps forcing me to download messenger.. fix that and you'll get a solid 5* from me
I can't play video...pls fix that issue always unkown error occurred while trying to play.
Keeps freezing so I had to Uninstall and reinstall
I suggest taking off and changing all your permissions. There is no reason why would need permison to all this.
Ever since the update I can't install the app!! It says installation error code: "-24" please fix this!!!
cool
The app go to slow
It freezes quite often & sometimes when I hit the notifications button it wont show me all of them,  it will just show one photo or status of mine that someone has liked or commented on.. please fix
How to select the option " MOST RECENT " posts instead of d haphazard ones ? updating the new one made me loss dat option too..
Dont like it try to erase my account  it will not let me
Its got me to reach people. And find   help me out. Like it
This app sux!!!
Made a recent update to  4.2.2......phone lags from the very next second after installing it......If deleted phone restores its speed....plz fix it asap.....
Please fix I JUST WANT TO BE ACCESS MY FB ON ANY PHONE
Won't download the app and when I did have it a lot of problems
Ghimire
Nice
This thing is amazing
M
Masfen medro
It's so crap
If i can add photos in comments that would be great!!
Good way to keep up with friends and family
Noice
Nice
Awesome app
Always good
Not fully satisfied!!!!
Thus application are very nice
free videocall ang messege
Because
Good
Need Facebook video Downloader
Itna atcha nhi hai jitna ho sakta tha..
It keeps frezzing when I open it
Okay
I reset my phone and now I can't download Facebook ..?
Keep freezing or disappearing or takes forever to load on my galaxy samsung causing me to switch to facebook on the web.
▓╗╕№╨┬╗╣├╗╩▓├┤!╥╗╕№╨┬╥╗╓▒▓╗─▄╜°╚ы!╩▓├┤─ё!╢°╟╥╬к╩▓├┤inbox┴─╠ь╥к╧┬╘╪╩▓├┤─ёapp─╟├┤┬щ╖│!╘╜╕№╨┬╘╜└├!╕╧┐ь╕№╨┬┐╔╥╘┬Ё!╜т╛Ў╬╩╠т┐╔╥╘┬Ё!
Nice app am enjoying it
Please make sure the memory is managed! It takes upto 60 70 Mb for storage once used
Nice one...
Facebook
P
Need to reset password
Wow
Awesome
It worked before now is not. Please fix. Still works on theXperia z ultra but no longer on my Xperia e1.

'Damma388
Sello Maphike Moletsane
Its downloading very slowly on my phone. Think it's not that good to my phone.
It keeps on crashing????????
Connecting peoples
Quite slow and looks outdated compared to Facebook on iphone
Almost vomited
Fine
Privacy GONE! Everyone is complaining about the messenger app but once you uninstalled this app and then read it closely it has the same privacy concerns as the messenger
To high ram usage
I dont like how I uave to install the messager to talk to people on my phone using Facebook
I like this life
I am ok new Facebook fantastic I love  new facebook
i likes this application
I hate that I get bumped to the beginning of my news feed if someone posts while I'm scrolling. If I haven't checked my fb in a while, and I've scrolled really far back, it takes forever to find my spot again:(
Filtereh
Anish
Works good
I like it soo much
This app still doesn't allow us to reply on a comment, unlike on the web. I hope the developer will fix this.
Not bad
Ok
Everytime i watch a video on my newfeeds it freezes and glitches . And i have to force it to shut down. And it also turns off my phone sometimes ! It sucks so bad i hate it honestly.
Ever time i log in i have to rest it
It randomly freezes up as I scroll through my news feed. So annoying! Only thing I can do at that point is leave Facebook and then click on it again and start over ugh!
SANJAY
Love fb
Thanks
Thanks
Great
Its ok
Dadudz
My Facebook is not open,what I am doing
100%
Excellent
This app used to be great and would have given better rating but having to install another app to read messages is rubbish my device is already memory challenged and didn't need that! The new messenger app freezes my device if I try open from the notification. Not happy! You should of left things as they were everything available at a touch within the facebook app. :-\ so now I can't view pictures-photo's,game pics,profile pics all of them both in the Facebook app and messenger! Going to try uninstall and reinstall see if that helps. My device says I have enough memory but maybe that's it?
Freezes up at times but good anyway
It's always freezing then take me to home screen. Then have msg. Facebook not respond!!! Everything was happend after I'm upgrade. Before it's great. Fix it please.
Sexyest

Very good
I love Facebook Because it is very perfect and the best:)
nare
Great app
Good
I like it
Was an amazing app... Update my phone software and now I suddenly can't view ANY pictures on fb not even my own will load... It is now total CRAP! !! :(
Ilu
Quite good
Good
Jdksusl
Booooooooooom
923
Only keep freeze
So beautiful
This application sounds like a application made from NSA , because it requires all permissions on my phone. They can spy so easily on us. And it doesn't allow you to stop this app from being running. it consumes my battery very fast , look like every moment its recording something or keeping track of my information. That's Sucks
Perfectly working.

Facebook is the bombdigity
Super
Asks me to download  messenger all the time vand does n ' t open chat I hated this app
My account keeps on logging out ....... within some duration of time ....... plz do something about it
I can't install
Fix it lithe app freezes my phone then I hqvr to completely reset and now it won't load newsfeed plz fix then will rate five stars
It's very easy to using !
Ahahahahaha
Amazing app
Miss
hi
REALTOR/Broker
Great very nice
But I cannot recieve the caller if they want to call me,, what happen to my facebook,
Why the hell would I need a different app just to read and reply messages? Honestly, what was wrong with the old design where we can read and reply messages "inbox" style? What is it? You guys woke up one day and decided that in order to continue using Facebook, One must install the chat  app also? Or you guys just thought about making a chat app just cuz everybody else are making it. Stop fixing things that aren't broken!
Much better without asking my privacy
Best
Facebook
Verry nice book an face book
Jabrdast
A good app .... bt nowadays its freezing up .....
Makes it quick n easier
Liked it
Prea naspa!!! ;) Ar trebui sa avem permisiunea sa ne vedem mesajele cand intram pe facebook nu sa fim nevoiti sa intram pe Facebook Messenger... Daca inainte aveati 5 stele de la mine acum aveti 2 desi nu le meritati ;)
Suprb
I cant share photos from within the app anymore.  It goes to camera roll then just sits there before crashing.  Still forcing this "top story" crap on people and having to search for the regular chronological feed.  Some videos autoplaying even though I have it set not to....the list goes on.
Alway crash..in my samsung tablet 2 7.0 ..
Excellent
Great
I guess I'm supposed to update messemger????
Latest update freezes on videos....fix please
E na le go omelela fela fix it fast
Its a good app
Ameer
I think u should be able to put fb on it sd card instead of on ur. Device
Jaiswal
Can
Very nice
This is best for new version
Ttoo nice
Nice
Love it!!!!!...
Nyc
бё1/9/14...Another shite update soбяZERO STARSбяThis gross FB APP still logs me out, uninstalled and re-installed..does the same. As FB users we are all  the lifeblood of their company but Facebook clearly do not care. and now another problem...status will only post via google...It is the worst app on my device.                          бё21/8/14 CRAP APP... logs me out 20 times a day...but have no choice but to use it..            бё5/8/14 FOR CRYING OUT LOUD FACEBOOK READ ALL THE BAD REVIEWS.....CAN YOU HEAR ANY OF US?? NO POINT ASKING FOR THE COMMENTS IF YOU IGNORE THEM ....бё31/7/14 Worst app ever..always logging me out..i would give NO stars if i cud!!!! бё23/7/14...What is wrong with FB..keeps moving me from my viewing to the f****ng feed page...FIX IT...                         бё25/6/14 Keeps saying FB has stopped...so uninstalled yet again omg what a farce. Also is Anyone  бё9/6/14.. after update. If I click the "photos' box, my screen orientation just changes from panoramic to portrait...have to turn tablet round to choose photo for viewing. Have uninstalled...no difference. Very inconvenient so 1 star only. TERRIBLE.
Use it for Family and Friends be wise !!!!!
Aftab ansari
Family and friends social
Garments
It freezes and I have to close the ap and then go back in to continue.
Last update you give us the opportunity to watch our videos in the photo section, this update has taken it away again..what's going on?
make it fast
Lion
Don't update my phone without my consent!!!
Still one star. The most recent news feed setting is still not where WE want it. Continuously freezes up and news feed always resets back to the top after viewing a pic comments or notifications. Would be awesome if the app developers actually read these fixed the problems and gave US the people using the app what they want and not what they want or think we want.
Ts an amazing app..
5
It's the best app I have ever seen!! Best,best,best!!!
I would say 80% of my feed now is the same posts over and over again. This friend commented on on this post, this friend liked this picture. Omg..i have no desire to know every single time a friend likes or comments on a random post that has nothing to do with me!
Doing to much with all the new shyt i liked regular facebook
Outstanding app
Hang
Gud
Just to send a messege ?! Booo
Nice
I can't even download it bullshit
My niggas
Really good app... Moves slow sometimes... But otherwise a really good app...
Good
I'm being generous with two stars. Let me clue you in: people like convenience. One app for ALL of Facebook's functions is convenient. One app to browse and message. Splitting it apart is counter intuitive and INCONVENIENT, that's why I never bothered with the Messenger app before, so I won't be forced to install it now. You're lucky I'm not uninstalling THIS app--but that will change very quickly if you take away the messaging functionality completely. Keep it simple and cut the crap.
Good
Not bad
It's a nice app. But have to install all again.
Nada del otro mundo, cumple su funciиоn, aunque a veces se cierra sin que pueda hacer algo al respecto
It freezes can't open Facebook anymore.
I can now create an album and upload doze of pictures! :)) Thanks for the latest update!!! <3
Luv f.b
Not allowing me to visit pages
Love the Facebook app works better on my phone then it does on my laptop!
Experia unexplained video fault so no video

To use
Crashes a lot.
Extra messenger app is pure BS
It needs to tell be more straightforward about how much space it takes. Also, it says no connection when I have a lot of signal. Get these fixed and definitely a 5 star.
I am having problems with Facebook freezing anytime I scroll lately. I hope they fix this issue soon :(((
i hate that i have to upload the messenger app
You made best thing ever i have used
Good
Useful
NOT able to see comments, pictures are not loading, timing of other post completely off,very slow. Must fix
Suman
Facebook is good timepas
Love it
Using this app . Im really enjoy. .and Love so much
Like
It fun it easy
There's a reason why I don't go on/ tell people to contact me on Facebook!! If I wanted people faces randomly on my phone I would use them as a wallpaper! Take off messenger or make it optional
Keeps freezing up!
I try to play a video the app gets closed automatically please help me
Facebook application will not install
It's very nice app
Facebook did not responding?
My fb app isn't updating 
They sed "provided authority" something like that. Plz rply..
Still the same
11:25
Awesome
I love this app
I really like facebook its part of my life :)
Brianna Morrison shut up. it me Joshua
I usually don't have issues n if I do its loading issues or freezing up.....but great

awesome..!!!
Perfect....
Its awesome
If Facebook would stop trying to invade everyones privacy maybe this app wouldn't keep freeze up.  They have given no explanation for why they need this information just to run this app ...
sooo good....
Can't upload pics via the app. Needs to be adressed immediately...
Continuously freezes when I scroll. Please fix.. Droid maxx
Love it
Nice
Prakash
Used to be good till messages were taken away
Good application for the first time in the morning of the most part of the most part of the most pa
It is best new version.
Loved it!
wow apps
It easy t0 use n fast
New update SUCKS!!!
Love this
Hello
Ur os.  Sux
It is time pass only nd nothing i wanna say to all plzz remove ur i.d then enjoy ur real lyf not fake...
The apps is awesome
People now all your info
Yeah it is freezing.
It's Facebook for Android, works as intended. Glad chat is separate now, regardless of all the media hype. Facebook and Facebook messenger are both great programs.
I never get tired of this game
Good

My own man
Unable to read inbox message which FB on mobile should be able to do it to ease the use. Instead, Messenger app is repeatedly notified with the need of installation.
So nice
Hey friends
Everytime i try to look at my things it closes out yall need fix it because it was workinbfine until it updated by itself 
Nic app
Wow
Excellent
Its ok not so bad but I wouldn't give it 5 star
V nice
Great
download
Facebook app
Most dope
I'm not ok with them forcing me to use the messenger app. If I wanted it, then I would download it. Pretty annoying.
Antoney samy
Really good app helps alot when you need to contact a friend
not.responding
Ok...cOoL!!! User-Friendly...
Amazing
Helps keep  me in touch with family and friends.
Nice super
Love it
Apparently my phone can't install Facebook as its comes up with an incompatible update error. My phone is on its latest update. Please help.
Five star
Need to add the option to unfollow a post on something you commented on!
Nice n working sharp
I love to Facebook
Its not even downloading plz fix it :(
Nice aps
It starts to update and won't update
suberb
Nice
Yah
Ohhhh ye 22 mb
Bagus
Perfect
It is really fntastic

Plz! Fix this app!! I can't open my fb!!!
Nothing to worry
Takes too much time to load after updating
The app closes automatically once I open it. Dun know what shall I do !! Tried to re-install the app and hope this gonna work
Nice and fast and sonawesome
Weak
Makes the app useless
I love it
I like it nothing else
Takes to long and my phone freeze up ect
very very very very happy
Outstanding
No comment
Does what it needs to perfectly
Gud but not up to the mark
I can't download myfacebook
Pictures don't load, comments don't load, nothing loads. Plus you're taking up over 200 MB of my space.  Not cool.
The latest update is horrible,  it keeps crashing. FB please fix it!
Works great with Mobile Boost Kyocera Hydro....
Iloveu
Kailash purohit
Htc One V
Good app
Trouble loading both photo and video :-\
Love facebook, hate that they have to keep changing everything, now I cant even read, send or delete my messages unless I download ANOTHER app!! Yes, thats right, in order to use messaging on facebook (this app), you have to download another app.. next thing you know they're going to make it where everything you want to do on facebook will be individual apps that they will FORCE you to download.
their tapping into your photos & your cameras just to see what your doing, invading into peoples privacy.
Supet
:( freezes
Just loved itttttt!!!
internet
Share photo
I can't open this anymore. It is always closing when I scroll. I'll give you five star if you can explain to me on how to fix this. I don't know what to do. Thank you.
Awesome
Hmmmmmnn
:
Umar azam
Gooooood
Love it full of information
Good
I like being able to access facebook on my phone, however, it's frustrating when the app freezes, and takes forever to load.
It eats a lot of your ram.. Space and time.. WhaaAaaa
Gud
It crashes constantly. Not happy at all with it.
life is dead facebook
Needs to load faster
Super
It just comes up like a bomb the second time you open it..I want smooth animation like that of messenger. Everything else is fine and also when you open a post and go back after typing something, it lags. Totally hate it.
Nothing much better
Alot better now since last update
Totally awesome
Really like the new update that Facebook have done to make it better for every Facebook user in the world
Goodboy
The message thing.
The only thing I gave 3 stars is it is not showing notification bar please fix it in my gt i8262
Nice apps
Need privacy in are lives
Android note 3 user, I can not use the app except to look at first couple of posts on my news feed. So there's that.
I dont want install fb messenger. So, pls bring back chat feature to fb just like older-version.
Ok
Suck!  Please fix it
I can't turn off notifications of photo tagged to me on mobile as I can do on computer.
I can't open and read my messages properly. Please fix it!!! So I can give five stars.
Ok
Works very slow on xperia z tablet. Always lag, imposible even to write a message. Every video automaticly shuts down with "error" message
A very good private app
Facebook really needs to keep the platform UP TO DATE!! Not only for the older phones but the NEW ONES TOO!! Facebook on my Samsung Galaxy S5 keeps on Freezing and Not Loading Everything on the pages im viewing. My Internet is not the problem, nor is my Phone as I've gotten them checked multiple times.. PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE!!!! FIX THIS ISSUE! ! Thank You in Advance!  :)
Like
NYC appp
THakor DipesH
Updated and now won't open on my phone, updates are supposed to make things better
Wow
Fantastic
Not happy with it.
like it :-)
The new update isn't as good. Out ids freezing up and I do not want messenger.  Now I can't use Facebook like i used to. Get ride of messenger.
Was good at first, past few months stalls,  freezes, stops responding. Using FB through chrome now. Uninstalled app
Very Bad and slowly
Time pass
I dont need both apps I barely use my facebook app anyways now i need 2 on my phone i might as well just log into it from my browser you assholes
Very good
I don't care about top news. Please bring back an easy way to sort by latest by default.
It will be extra better if its size decreased !!
app! Crazy permissions! Any more  and I'm out! They will also delete your post with no explanation or warning. Facebook's driving its own agenda
For the past few days or so, every time i would click on the facebook app it would load the home screen, then close by itself.. I restarted my phone, didnt help. Uninstall, then reinstall, didnt help. Im very frustrated!!!
Facebook is pretty awesome
facebook
It's ok but takes much time to download
Goodd
I am loving it
This doesnt refresh my news feed.
good
Awesome
Sooperb application
Very nice!
So I can log on my both fb acc, one on this, other one on browser lol
I cant download vidoe
i dont let me to enter. freezing
NOT BAD BUT NOT SUITABLE FOR LOWER SETS
I like it.
Sambau24
I have fun on fидcebook
Very nice!
This apps gotta be joking,  why is it taking so much space,  ridiculous
I think Facebook is king daniels I think Facebook is still no more on Almond Joy you can check the people online I like facebook because it's more better than friends like to do it store
Facebook should add the feature to copy or save the text from the posts......really it would b good.
Omg..
I love face book.
Nice
hiu niko
I lv fb
occupa troppo!!!
Gr8 app
worse update ever, the last update brought nothing benefit other thab freezing the whole phone, do something plz
Iloveit
Attractive
josephrobert0505@gmail
Easy
You still have no privacy they read all your privacy in your phone they can read your texts whenever they want they can record you. And take pictures.
This app nice
1998
Best
Idoit appp
This app wont load ANY photos on my wall. Can't be used. All other apps on my phone load up just as they should. It's been happening for ages. Why is it so hard??
Very good
I like this app very much.
Dont to worry be happy good luck
Tired of the freezing
Love it
I love it
Smooth
Forces to install messenger app.
Its just tooooo awesome I just love ITT:-)
Everytime I play a video it stops on the middle and says sorry unknown error. It's always like this. I can't enjoy using it.
Musthafa
I really like..its user friendly
good app.... i loved it
Goooood
Zinkochun
Like it
To slow.
It's so fun and easy to use plus i can use it anywhere!  :) :) :)
Gd app help alot

Perfect as I want
Cool
Why it is eating much data
good app i like it.....
Uploading videos will cause the app to freeze and become extremely unstable, this is with 4G internet and LG G2. Best not to update to this current build. Install, uninstall did not fix it. Phone is now hot from trying to run the app in the background. Horrible update, and this conplaint falling on deaf ears.
I m downloading the app but when it complete then it start download again and again and it never install.....
thumbs up..
I love it because its always make me happy by chating with my friend I love it their I make satsus also
Not bad

Its really nice....
I love it is very nice chart
It's very powerful app  according me. ........
Keeps freezing up.
Great
Vivek Jaiswal
Would give it 5 but its quite large so plz make it small
Like
To download the posted videos.
Addicted to it :) <3
like it
It's cool app
Very slow at all times
The app never loads and just shuts down on my tablet, very annoying
Prawina Patil
AALA......AAAA
Oo
A c l
Thanks
Not funtioning i repeat not funtioning
Everything Facebook can do on the web you can do on your phone.  Exept for send messages.  Just get rid of the messenger app and go back to messaging from the Facebook app.
I like this very much I share  4Star
Havent had any problems with it.
Good
Its bettar version.
Very slow.
Nice
It's a great app  everytime just works fine
Because its a amazing idea i like it very much
I love
Great
nt tat bad
No message
Waseem javed
/////
Can't load photos
Good job
This app is rocking, so I  give it 5 stars
unworthy
Half the time pictures and videos won't load in my news feed. Please fix

Very nice apps i like it more than more.
It's a too good, fabulous app.      Great social network
facebook

I don't particarly care for the new upgrade. I can't accurately set the newsfeed to show current stories. Just liked the old app way better. Can you tell me how to set current stories please?
0k now 5 Stars
I luv site.
John Dext Budiongan
Just because "u've moved over the messenger app" forceing me to use it however it's a good messaging app sometimes it's enough if i chat from the facebook app.
I like the app however I will NEVER use Messenger to invasive.
Please make it more attractive
Sarawak
Thanks for giving such a great app
Easy to operate
Keeps freezing when I'm scrolling threw my news feed & kicks me out!!
When I signed up it asked me to put in a confirmation code and I did but I used my moms phone and then when I logged into my phone its told me to put in a confirmation code...AGAIN!! I TELL YOU IF U WANT A FACEBOOK...DONT ITS STIPID!! AND IM SOO MAD!!! STOP IT I ALREADY PUT IN THE CODE NOW STOP BOTHERING ME!!!!!!
Really. .nice
Crashes frequently on ICS. Very annoying.
good
Ever since the new update the app will freeze randomly & I'll have to go back to my home screen & reopen the app.
There is a problem because fb is very slow than twitter
i like it
Its amazing
Turned into an overloaded peace of crap. Thinking about quitting Facebook
Nice
It freezes up sometimes, but other than that, I like it.
Nice
Very helpful app. .
It says unkown error occured while installing facebook even after rebooting the phone please help
Awesome
Best
Gerat facebook
good
Also Facebook cool app  ever
Gud job
this is excellent
This is my fvrt app.
Sahi sahi
My phone freezing thats why i try to reinstall ..
Good
It's force close at my Samsung Galaxy Pocket!
Can't send msgs anymore.  Why to download separate app.  Ridiculous.
Like it
Haha
Why? :(
Fine
facebook = life
Loveeeee ittttt
Mast hai
You could chat and video chat
It freezes and will randomly close the app while I'm scrolling through my newsfeed. Fix it
Superb
Who's Who's
No longer works, deleted and reinstalled several times, no joy totally sucks.
Jwala
I want to sync FB contect to in my phone contact but its says that sync is off while sync is on ....... what can i  do..... please tell me
Lose
Honeymoon
Instead of showing top posts in main view you should have shown most recent. Please improve it.
I luv it
It's nice, but totally lacks customization. It's also a resource hog.
Awesome app to connect to all those friends and never miss them.......
Good
Nice..
The latest version keeps me going to the home screen! It seems to be a bug. I hate it.
Why I have to install messenger app ? Not convenience and causes my phone slowdown, the battery goes to empty quickly.!
Love it
useful
Very easy
Can no longer follow group from the group details page. Can see the text on the screen to follow/unfollow but it no longer does anything. Other links/text does work. Can't get group posts out of my feed.
Good
It freezes my phone and I have to shut phone down and turn it back on.  Get this problem fixed and I will give five stars. Also liked it better before you made it where a messenger app had to be downloaded just to get messages.
H! FB
Facebook
The app keeps freezing due to the latest update. If this app didn't turn into a government watchdog app, it would serve it's purpose of social media. I remember when Facebook was fun. I think the government has gotten to deep inside and Zuckerberg has switched from a cool creator to a government snitch. Seriously thinking about MySpace again.....
Love it
Sattarali937
Hi
Yesz...
Hmmmm
Not updating because of this you shouldnt need access to sms thatz doing to far
Each update only gets worse. Constantly shutting down to restart.
I can get in contact with my family members and friends and other people it is a really good social media app
Good
Good app until I really looked at the permissions and what this app can access on your phone. I'll just use Facebook on the Web browser.
It's not letting me log in and im really getti g mad I've been trying for 2 day's now and it keeps saying there is an error with it and it will be fixed soon but..... wtf
Nice
loved it
I would like to give 3 suggestions for the app - 1. Option to download video directly in news feed. 2. Opinion to copy text from a post. 3. Smiles symbols should appear in keyboard instead of there key code.
Excellent
It keeps freezing and foreclosing whenever I'm checking my tl. Please fix ASAP!
Goood
Still now chatting family and friends
I am enjoying this  application
toooo awesome
Sharma
The fb is very important of business
Not sure how much I like the updated version,  it won't let you "share".
why i can't download it
I love everthing about this facebook & chadroom.
Jai kumar
Love to all
Why fb update it daily? & updates are not useful. Copy, pic comments are not included now. So my question is what u update? & why u update ??!!
connect to others
It make my chat easy
Its an ok app still freezes and goes really slow at times
You allow Facebook to control your phone even when you're not using it. If you download this app, go to your app manager and see for yourself what you gave Facebook permission to do!!
Fix the bugs, one example is when the icon reflects # of new activity, you enter the app & it indicates new mail message but there is none. Then you close the app and see the icon w/#.  9/1/14 Update:  Please Fix 'Stop Notifications' feature - it worked for a short while but recent updates reversed functionality.  It does not stop notifications after pressed so I still receive subsequent notifications on stopped stories.
Kwai
Very good
love it
Ty
Normal to use
Good. Application
It keeps on crashing every 10 minutes. You guys really need to fix this and stop making it worse!!!!!!! It's really slow and it sticks!! Won't load pictures now. Please fix these problems.
Would give it 5 stars. This app keep closing by itself these few weeks. Please fix the problem.
Tirath arora
Owesome
Note , I think Facebook is really good with galaxy smartphones but its very best , All English All the time =D=D
I want  face book
Creepy phuks
Darun
So ppl are saying that the fb messenger app hacks your device... maybe... but the fb app has more permissions to agree to... why are ppl ok with putting they life on fb... thats how they know who to hack you... your posts show a pattern of behavior... check your last 25 post
Nic.....
I loved it
Hope runs better
I don't like that you are making everyone download the new messenger app. It should be a choice. I'm choosing not to. Its bull
It freezes my phone often..difficult to login..it's annoying!!
Messages are moved to messenger its not so good at size managment. Its a kind of dual appliaction for single account otherwise its good and deserves 4 stars. Switching between these makes slowdown the  processing of data and phone is getting hanged.
Masat ha
MANISH
Superb................

It works faster
Its amazing
Working as a bridge between friends & relatives
I can text my friends in even my family from Mexico ndd Brazil
Suka
Awesome  and fast   browser, ,,,,
Happy Labor Day
Facebook update new version but crash problem never solved.bad app..1 star for you..thanks
Its good ...
It's ok because i will my chat my freinds but iam not play all the games
It's very good aplication
Im ok with the new Facebook ots
KALYAN- karmakar
Internet fast
Good
it needs more of devolop
They want to know stuff that's not a dam bit of there business!!!!
Always hangs!! Whats wrong?? Please fix!! ASAP
Having trouble udating it
Get rid of the message option on the app if we can't use it.
I like it
Notifications don't work properly. Messenger sucks even worse than what was going on here
It does as it says, permissions are the same as other social apps. The interface is intuitive and clean.
Cool
Woow what a nice app
fb
Lovely app as it's handy for me to keep in contact with friends and family all over the world. However since the latest update it won't let me open my messages it keeps saying trying to connect when I am clearly connected to the Internet sort this out.
Facebook is a gud conection 2 all frend and others frends
Love
Getting worst
Nice
Nice app...FROM YAMARAJ GROUP
I liked the new design ...definately best
I like it
I Like it
News feed don't load, I can't upload any pictures and it became even slower than before.
Like this app
PHOTOS NEVER LOAD! &Now that i cant even access my messages, there's really no point in keeping this app! I cant delete/edit comments i make nor can I delete comments made on MY page/photos by others! I hate the upload photos feature! I have to scroll through all photos on my phone, newest to oldest (there are thousands!) to choose the ones i'd like to upload. That's so time consuming & unnecessary! I would prefer to be able to choose from which album on my phone I'd like to select photos from.
Killer's
Its a great app for socialising!!
Low on space, when downloading Facebook 
Forcing me to download a separate app? epic fail! Uninstalled it a week ago and don't miss it!
Superb.... App
Arun singh
it is the best
Hi.
The videos keep flashing the previuos** page make it hard to watch
Development application for new genrastion
Had to reinstall because it kept freezing my phone and saying "unfortunately Facebook has stopped." I reinstalled it and it keeps doing the same thing. And I haven't even opened it yet!!!!!  Piece of Crap.
hasan
It has a bug
Punkz Till Deth Tango
Good....
Faster
Great
Please fix
H
Why can't the news feed just be from newest to oldest? It is so irritating to have statuses at the top that I already read yesterday. I want to know what is happening now. Not yesterday. FIX IT
I like it
After a KitKat update, I get an incompatible update error.
h
Horrible
Its cool
Why do they force people to use messenger? Its just a waste of space.. But besides that the app works fine
It consumes 90MB ram in idle stat, sometimes it crosses 150MB!
Best
Constantly crashes on me. I would say at least 3 times a day.
Like
Don't have a lot of adjustments available so i have to log on to a computer to make most changes
I like it...
Simple
Great sex
But this is a virous to friendship other person i don't like it in this mean but some means it is very useful for other person
Freezes up all the time
Its awesome app
Pass
But it keeps shutting down and freezing....
It's fantastic...hope will be better in future...
App freezes a lot
Facebook
wooh!

everytime it's changed size, that noying !!
The app is always freezing up. It is very aggravating!
It's Awsome!!!!
Facebook is a great i like it
Hate it so much it always crashes its so fckng anmoying. Fix your sht Facebook
Fred
anuj  singh
My FB acct and several email accounts were hacked. I deactivated my acct couple weeks ago.  Unfortunately may have been hacked by someone i know.  Regardless my recovery info was deleted.  I can pull up the acct but there are no reset links.    Can pull up my acct with phone number but system will not let me reset using that same number.  Makes no sense.   Guess they deleted both emails and mobile recovery.   These apps inc FB may not be safe!  Upset especially with no options available from FB to fix.
It ok
Love it
It doesn't work
Soo gud
Have tried to download app since last week but have MAJOR problems and still not downloaded.
Nice so nice
I love Facebook
I really liked this fb app before cause it was so compatible but now everytime i open it. It disappears. Please fix
TerBaik drLadang!!
More of freinds and easy to find people would you like to know
It would be better if we could move it to internal memory, it takes a lot of phone memory...and sometimes when we like something it doesn't work also shuts down on its own.
It such a wounderful invention, so I call it FACEPAGE
Very good
Facebook is a no-1 social apps in the wrold.
Nice
Good
Can't see pictures or videos. Force close constantly. Cannot uninstall forced update. Useless, Uninstalled!!!
Every time I get in a video/picture the app stops abd freezes my phone for like 4 minutes, you have to fix it now!!!!
Can't wait until Facebook runs it's course and is gone forever!
All
I love beause it's make me easy to chatting
Nice
vfdg eg
I have been on Facebook since 2011 why are you doing this making me open another Facebook. page plz fix I can't get on Facebook
Got it
Nice app
Nice App
Fuc( facebook
Facebook
This app is cool but there's  a couple of things  I don't  like about it.  To begin  with the keypad to unlock would appear  after you've unlocked the app and your  in the middle of doing something once ots unlocked it should stay unlocked. Then, you have  to keep putting in your password before the app even opens. On certain apps I've put in my password 3-4 times before it would let me in the app. Otherwise it has potential to be a 5star app
Im enjoying the fact that its nationwide
Doesn't work...crashes and force closes! Please fix it! 5 months later and it still doesn't work!?
Love this web . You must to upgrade facebook for video call at phone
Ok
The app freezes all the time!!!!!
I love facebook
Good app. But, why I can't open privacy shorcuts... is very slow
My device's not full screen. I dont like this version.

It took a little long but it is ok
Too much dara eater
Awesome
Mr
Slow ui!
Good application
I would give it 5 starts if you wouldn't be obligated to download a messanger, must be to keep taps on people. And on top of that the App is not working correctly. It freezes when I am scrolling.
I like this
APPLY Me
Very Good
Thanks Facebook
Good job
1st. It freezes when this sh.t wants....and 2nd. I cannot see any videos anymore! I'll give 1бю until u solve this
Adaaapppppppp kauu adaa?
Very fast n help full
this app will change your facebook using experiance..
it required lots of ram and phone memory.
I have a galaxy note 2 and since the last update for Facebook I can't scroll down more than a few minutes without it freezing up. It has been this way every since the app was last updated but never had this problem before that.
H.mff
Good
It began with not opening on my phone; Droid Maxx. I decided to try uninstalling and reinstalling which was worse. It refused to install and kept coming up with error -24. For the time being it seems the awful separate chat is working, but for how long...
Uber Kewl now with new bells and whistles!
For making force fr downloading fb messenger
it's ok but sometimes my account will blocked;  and also sometimes network will be locked up but i like facebook shar
its cooooool...even in iran !
Never did facebook until now. I enjoy just a bit too much
Freezes up
facebook
Haaaa
Freezes as soon as app is opened.
Gemma
It never opens and always comes as not responding !! Its very difficult to use it .pls fix it
Joeyiimwak
Big space on my phone but why i cnt update to the version. Please fix this.
Too slow!
I liked the new design of the facebook
Won't load anything
Very Useful :)
5 stat rating,keep up the good work
Love the new design :D
I LIKE FACEBOOK. . .
Gr888888
I like it much
Nice
Sharing thoughts-opinians-searching our old friends- and many more uses.totally great social network.
Very good social networking app.
Comes up with blank screen. Can't get into it at all.Fed up with this bestie.
super
Good
It keeps freezing and I have to download it a whole bunches of time and now I can't install it now.
I like everything about it. I was able to find friends i went to school with from ky.
I hate the fact that I go to message and I can't access it. It shows the messenger app which you can't say no to. Only gives options to learn more or get app. I dont want either. I want a no thanks option. Please get rid of it. Its dame annoying.
I had the Facebook app and then my phone got updated and now it is uncompatible?
Can only use the app for five minutes then stop working and freeze.....sent hundreds of error reports and nothing was been done to fix it in the last three months.  Is some one going to seriously fix the problem.
Like it
Loved it
Very easy to use
Its cool
Amazing x
All about myself
Good App !!!!!
Good design very easy to close with friends...
Supun
It takes more time to load...nd ig just sucks my data...must improve
Fb
It freezes my phone stops working doesnt upload new status of peoples. Lots of glitches

Super perfomance..
Takes a lot of storage for an app I only use maybe one a week
I love the facebook app.
Lag
Its to big
Love it
So slow and hanging
This app needs improvement. It's slow, buggy, and a gigantic resource hog. The content that it delivers seems designed to show just pictures and videos, as if this were Instagram, and also links to other websites. I never see anyone's actual status updates anymore. This is absolutely ridiculous.
Jr asstnt
Lala
Keeps freezing my phone.:(
so nice
It has a total of 110 already.
The privacy of users using these apps clearly have no idea that  developers are able to listen to private calls, read txt messages record, even watch your videos. Your info can be passed on to anyone  Basically they are watching everything you do. Not so private are we
Satisfied with Facebook
Tanmoy
Cant use facebook now , i used this long time but now , when i open my facebook , it automatic close .please fix it .. i used galaxy tab 3 10.1
Awesome !!!!!
Keeps crashing having to unistall and install it
wont upload videos. wont upload photos. newsfeed blows.
Good :)
no more hacking. no more unauth unblocking of people on my blocklist and best of all capability to take off the namea of those blocked people!
Every time i click on something it shuts down
Nice...
Booooooooooooooooooo
It ok
I would have give it a 5 star. But there is a problem I'm facing. I updated my phone software to android kitkat. But it did not had Facebook installed with it. So I downloaded it from Google play store. But every time it says incompatible update. And aborts installation. Please fix this problem. I don't like to use mobile browsers for doing Facebook. Please help me with it.
I love this and also 2ez2use4rtz
OK but some time problem guys
I am fancy
I love my facebook
Nice app...
Fix it!
FACEBOOK
Whenever someone send me photos via message I can't download it.  I can download in web browser but not in the app.
Excellent
I should be able to edit post and comments from my Android phone.
Excellent app.
Fesbook aku mau  masuk di  fesbook
Easy to connect!,,
Time waste aap
Never tryed it but all well
Good
Good
This app tracks your locarion, records audio without you knowing it, but they say everything stays on the phone...  I know my phone doesn't have that much memory, so where is it being stored?  Why not just turn over all the data go the NSA... oh wait, you already do that too...
I kept my data on for not even an hour and because of the automatic video playing it used up 250 mb of data! This should be an optional thing
New fb
N
I'm using ASUS fonepad 7 (me175cg). I've just updated from 4.3 to 4.4.2 (KitKat). It started hanging. However, it is working after trying 8 or 9 times but when I open a message then it start hanging again. I have Facebook Messenger installed, which is hanging while starting and crashing after few seconds. But if I uninstall Facebook Messenger then it is working fine.
Yet som prblm z der for thz app
I am so close to uninstalling and even going back to MySpace.  The privacy permission is ridiculous,  now its mandatory to have messenger app too or can't send/receive messages.  There is no user control fb makes see do what they want. Ie; default feed is whats popular,  idgaf I want the right to choose what I want to see. Facebook I shame you!
Bridge for connecting friends
Very nice
sometimes facebook is not responding
It' very nice.easy to operate
It's ok
Good
Unknown error code during application installation - 24
Laggy
I like this application because my mom and I will chat together.
Very Nice
Good
Iiked it
Nyc I like it
Although they have optimized it so better for slower connections and even UI looks good... But some bugs need to be fixed like, 1. Force stoping 2. Adding a share button in black background 3. Video background bug
But why we have to installed fb messenger... for messaging...I don't like that...
Raj
Tharik
Facebook
I enjoy
Linked me with all my friends.
Always lag and slow loading speed...
Its good aap
As long as my newsfeed stays up to date everything is alright
Since I downloaded I hv nv used it's
Good
Santu
its a good new fb
INTERRESTING
No Privacy
I love faridabad if any fnd welcom
Can't open it ;((
19681018
HaroonSaleem
I've been using fb since 2007 I have been using the app since 2010 and this is the first time I have had problems, this new update makes it impossible to browse fb properly and ruins the experience I have a Galaxy s5 so not a low end device please fix
gud
Better than before I like this...
Good....
Huu
Good App
:-) :-) :-) :-) :-)
Great Apps i like it v.much.
Like
Ek dam faadu BT som3 tim3 bhot tim3 khata h3............................
I love it
Sooooo good
:-)
Sooper
I'm facing so much troublr with this freaking app :-/ everytime i open it is force closed "unfortunately your facebook has stopped" kindly fix this freaking problem as i have reinstalled it many times.
I don't like that this app can see all my stuff way to intruding for my liking uninstalled in seconds
Amit kumar
Ta
The last update was absolutely horrible. The application freezes whenever I scroll down.

Good application
It's working very well I love it so much but there is a problem..when I want to poke someone I poke someone else..pls fix!
Mama
Loved it -,- --"
Love it
It takes too much space it even takes 70mb sometimes
After the last update , it won't open on my lg g3
Takes too much space, trouble logging in, privacy invasive and shut downs everytime!!! Doesn't even deserve a star What a stupid app!
Everytime I open Facebook, my screen turns white and after a few seconds, it will take me back to my homescreen. Sometimes, it will only show the notifications, messenges, etc. buttons and then a message that says " Facebook is not responding " will pop up. I have the same stupid problems with your stupid Messenger app which also stupidly consume too much space. I just wish I can give you no stars at all!!
Raju 23465
For Life    L
Ok
Nice one
Loved it
It is great
Good
Great App!
jmiii siraaa
love it
Videos stop right in between and says - unable to play video. Fix this or bring back the ability to play videos with the stock video applications on our phones.
This new fb keeps freezing not very happy with it tbh FIX IT ASAP !!!
Using too much memory and make device overheat.. but easy app like it. ;-)
a nice app
Its updated and really fast app
Super
Bring back the goddamn messaging ability. Smh.
Osm apps
Good for all
Great
No comment
notification
Krishna mallah
Every time i wnt to open images or to see full post,, the comment will always come out.. And it keeps forcing me to install fb messager.. Really annoying..
Good
Very good
Keeps on freezing it hangs everytime i open it
Ela fawzi
Its very awesome and quick not like the internet and it do not slow down
Very good app love it
Awesome & joint friend so thanxx for fb...
Keeps freezing on me never lets me open it
Social network
Istiyaque ahmed
Kya baat hai facebook ki yeh bout bori hai ki koi cheez posida nahi hai koi bhi kisi ka kol ker dekh sakta hai account
Nice
Great
I keep having to uninstall and install this app.. whats wrong!!??????**++;;::!???
so quick to get to Facebook
, b
I even make call whenever I'm using someone else phone and it appears to be me.
Total rubbish these days. What happened to the day's when the newsfeed was only new items and not a mixup of old and New.seriously pathetic. Sort it out.
Not at all a very gud 1 but very nice though some problem ar dear like its pritty much slow but still very enjoyable!!
All time best
Tried editing it to send notifications to my phone so I go into the settings and it ALWAYS ALWAYS says trouble loading on the text message setting even if I go on the internet site but everything else working in the settings there's other problems aswell  this needs fixing and soon
taking more space
Lags and videos won't work
Best messenger
и░oooooooooooooo
Its ok
I would have given 5 stars for facebook but it is slow so 4 stars from me
Super app
Doesn't aceept. Fb Useful when it aceept by my phone index auga 3g type.
Not downloading messenger to read messages not allowing you access to my phone camera messages total invasion of privacy
It is a awesome app world wide
Hate the decision to separate messaging from original app. Not convient at all.
Facebook crashes more 10 times a day since latest update
Hmmm I'm fed up with updating facebook at all times :((((
Excellent
Mr.sonu
Malik
It is excellent
Didn't install this app...
Its easiest way to access facebook ...
Good app for me
110% good
Good application
:)
Love this app
So of course I have facebook on my iphone and it's completely different than facebook on my tab for ex I cant reply to comments or find comments on pages where my friends tagged me ! Why cant we have us android users same facebook like ios users ?
Ram
It's too goodgood
Is to good to get connect with our own
The size is too big... And its to large for older phone like galaxy y
Since update I struggle to watch videos, phone locks up
I am unable to download it for my Experia E1. Please help.
Lost facebool
1-9-2014.MANCHESTER,COTTER WAZ HERE.XXX
Something strange has happened since the last update....can't select multiple picture files for upload now? Hmmm
Why can't I download it every time I do it says incompatible update... fix it why update something when it works fine... Leave the app how it was it worked an worked fine what ever u have done to it has f#!*+d it for every one
I know you sell all my information to company's to advertise to us all to keep Facebook free but why even using the regular Facebook app (opposed to the messengered app) I really hope everyone gets a reality check and Facebook falls.
Kantilal Patel
nice
U
Great
im very satisfied with fb.it helped me to get new friends.but i dislike installing messenger seperatly.please combine it together
V good
Every time when i open a video on my wall it automatically exits......
Samsung note 3
Keeps near one in contat
It's good
Sux
It's my best friend
Nice
Nice one.
Super
It's help to reach many of my close friend by whom I have no connect with 5 years
T
Dia seronok cube dawnland
When i go on to chat it always pops up with downloading stuff and I can't get out of it so it forces me to download it.. Fix it please.
im so happy for new Facebook....
I loved it because it is the best way to connect with others, making friends but it's very slow &making my cell slow
nice
I refuse to be ordinary
Facebook
Not works properly
Freezes on my phone. Get it sorted
I love it
I started the download over WiFi.. After downloading completely the app was not even installed!
So simple and easy app
Love Facebook
Average
Nice
Jagat Bhattarai
usefull update...
Awesome love the new look! !!
Runs way to slow, cant watch videos and just cuts outs out and goes to the home screan
I like this apps.
Nice
Good
Crashes frequently
Best version
Very very good. I have to open n go through it........I mean fb.....
Its message page open in longer time
Mast
Good
Samsung galaxy mega 6.3
Beautiful
Oldest version is good then new
Coooooool  man please downloaded it
I love face book, because I can keep up with all my friends and family all at once.  The games are awesome too.
Good
Fine
Ok
The Best!!
Iconia
2342143
Good..
No most recent option on timeline
Love it
better
Its very usefull
Wide information and entertainment
K.Rambabu
I like this
Fix that u dont hv to force to intall messenger yet it makes my phone tooo slow
One of the good social network and its work very good
Nice
Fb
Good
Reading other msgs is not applicable from the mobile app
I can't download fb :'(
Why are you hiding Most Recent? Why is Most Recent slowly turning in to a clone of Top Stories? Why would I ever want to know about a two day old story that someone just commented on? I just want a chronological list of posts by my friends. Whose leg do I have to hump to get that? Please? Also the app randomly freezes too. Possibly on a photo of a man on a bicycle jumping a shark.
Wah..
Freezes up to much
I updated the facebook app not so long ago. After trying to sign in with the new update, the application put my phone into a boot loop. I deleted then downloaded the app again and  tried several more times. I had no choice but to delete the application, fearing it would harm my phone. Hope you guys can fix this problem soon!
Good app but hopefully this new update is the best of all ;)
Useless app
Every time I get on it stops working within a minute, fix this and I will give a better rating. But until then you barely get 1 star.  I am tired of trying to change my status and then "Facebook has unfortunately stopped working" every single time!!!! Will NOT recommend to anyone until this is fixed, VERY disappointed in this app's update. Made it so much worse! Uninstalled!!!!!!!!!!!! Also don't understand why I have to install FB messenger to read my messages! Bad app! P.S. Terms and space are RIDICULOUS!
Very nice
Love
Please fix it ........
Good
my swt dtr
good apps. е─
Awesome
Peddie
Marian
Good
Good
Its an entertaining site
Its great except took many space of my memory, so i ve to uninstall.
Great
IM okay with it buy when i open it,it keeps on freezing or stopping
I want face book but i cant instolled
Keeps me from being lonely and begin depressed
Its very long to wait to dload the mobile facebook
Love it
Thik h
This app is better to use because the icons are more visible and their better to use and update what you need to do...
Pak786
Lovable...
Im sorry, but the previous version was better because it had messaging included, with this "update" you actually downdated or downgraded. now you need a seperate app for messaging alone.
Simrit chaudhary
My biggest complaint : the video don't play some of the times.
Ovrai
Fantastic
Easy app. For face book time pass
Love it
Facebook says no connection when I'm connected to my home Wi-Fi that's working.
I am a beautiful person. The comments for your help. I have a look at the moment. The comments for your help. I have a look at the end of the King
Bad
Just crazy
M
Dounlloud
Hate it
Very good apps.
I'm using ASUS fonepad 7 (me175cg). I've just updated from 4.3 to 4.4.2 (KitKat). It started hanging and I never get in the app after the update. However, it was working fine on 4.3.
Good
cool
Excellent service
Love.it
Ugrrrrr
:)
Good
I want
Nice
Benz bmc
Mxm i hated it its a lng process
it is very good app in the store so i gave it 5 star
To ask in proper way
Vow
Yh
Facebook
Nic softwer fb
I LOVE IT I can talk to all my freinds on it yay

Rolpali don
12341234
Hi frands
I tried uploading a 30 second video and fb just froze my phone up and couldn't access my profile or even cancel I had to uninstall and reinstall the app for it to work.
It doesn't as well on android as it does on iphones and ipads .
Excellent
Problm when log on
awesome
llike it very much
I dont understand the need of updating. I dont feel or see any changes made for this new update.
its wonderful
Nice
Auto close program... many time problem
Like it
The new update constantly freezes, unable to scroll up or down...... it's FRUSTRATING.
Best
Good app
Awesome
Facebook is very nice but for  only used time passed that's not 24hours
normally
Thanks for social media
Everybody knows its the best.
Its ossssmmmmm suprrrapp
world best aap
19800212
App doesn't even work
Want friendship with open minded, non-complexive.
BY uploading anything you can
Like
Xxx
Face book good in all but aparently i need to install messenger to see ma msg like tf i dont want messenger 
How hard is to make an app run smooth considering apps these days hack our phones fix the issue asap!!!! Bull crap no pictures load on my news feed! 
It never shows current news feed and shows stuff from 2 days old
Good
MUJHE ACCHA LAGA YE NAYA FB... BUT KVI KVI THORA HANG KRTA HAI
Sometimes it freezes and make my phone stop working nicely and speedily.
Is very slow loading app
Need to improve more
Aowsome
I m using fb u can join me
Facebook
If i dont like my friends old posts, its kept appearing on my timeline amongst latest posts. Please do something about it. Samsung Note 2.
Good apps ...really its awesome quick upload..etc..
Hangs mob every time + too slow
Nice
Wow....
Santosh singh
Good
it,s good n superp i liked i am very injoyed this
Incompatible update :(
I don't have any problems with the new upgraded facebook!
After the update it keeps on freezing up and very slow so I uninstalled and reinstall it again. Tried to install but freeze again. Put back the old version and I dnt like how it looks like. Really disatisfied
Slow and not respond on my phone. Didnt load data.
Fesbook
Like
New
Himal s
I want it back
I like it
improving over the time.
since it's been updated, I'm not able to use fb without destruction! It is always freezing up and closes by itself! Soooooo annoying! When will it be fixed??!!
Not so well.but its ok
Good
The world likes this social media.Facbook!
Xii sai here
Never seen it better.
it hang alot.i hope fb fix the problem
Awesome
Awesom
Hbdch
Improve a lot thank you guys..photos not visible immediately
Nice
Raju
plz,,,
Very bed app...
Imperfetto
Awesome& useful
Good
Thanks God I finally got the courage to uninstall this app because of shity messenger app. I am gonna use browser to open fb .
Fb
Hi
lovely apps
just sharing partner.
This app is fantastic of the other applications
Hasan
das
Average
Very usefull
Used to be good before but everytime I click on to my messages it force closes all the time! Same with fb messenger! So I have to view my messages on the internet fb version
Nice
Just started using facebook and so far I've never been disappointed with it. I played games with friends and kept in touch with relatives. Didnt give it a 5 star rating cause it was a bit difficult for me to use first time.
Joy ho
Keeps shutting down loosing profile and address lists. Grrrr
I only have this app installed so i can upload pics to Facebook.
Its good
It is nice pls keep continue
I hate this beacuse when i installed this app it insuficient my phone
Bad
Please FIX....Everyone hates that GAME INVITES are NOT BLOCKABLE!!  Videos do not open!! It claims an Unknown Error???   Is not fixable in Account Settings!!  R U Overloaded FB??
V
Ok
It was grt
This app is n't nice when I make commen this app make faild why?? I don't know if you know say to me please! :(
Not compatible with SlimKat F2FS. Black bars and black blackground. Formatting errors. Every other ROM and previous versions fine. Only recent ones
Following messanger tho fb Permissions r now worse than that. U dnt need half of these permissions n itvshud b set were we can say no unless we prompt u, pathetic, my concerns are for under 18s
I alwes conect with my fb frnd...nice app..i like it
Wow it works on my android ,now i can easily use this without using my pC ..
I use to love the Facebook app. Now it just takes up way to much space and data. It won't run right.
3 stars.  Just OK...
Goods
More faster
Facebook
Keeps downloading and logi
It's ok
Nice but too many notifications
Nice app to connect to frnds & the wrld .
It's getting force stop. While sending frnd rqst it tells to log in again plz fix it. And atomtcly clsng
Loves it
This app my favorite app
Great apps
Awesome!
Hate the new Facebook update because they refused to display my messages through the app and keep prompting me to get a side app Which takes up space in my phone. Why would anyone Even wanna come up with that idea, I never know. Anyway. Hate the app so much. So disappointed because I have to keep using my web browser to access my fb messages. How is that user friendly? I don't know. Either way I'm uninstalling this app if it doesnt Buck up.
I have to drag down a little before I ca drag up, note 2 rooted. This only happen since the last update
V
Miss
Koo
Md.Mozzamel hoque
satiybrat
Wonderful
Much Battery and Data consumption.
....
Not baaaddd...
good
My love
So nice
Freezes
Wouldn't let me log in hate it
I think you stop focusing on the look of the app and more fixing the glitches.... And after it updated it deleted off my phone and now I can not upload it on to my phone... Your app is horrible
I love my fb good job
Force us to download  messenger.  Fix it for 5stars.
Facebook
It will not let me download it for some strange reason :/
Makulu
Majbooot
Coool
very helpfull
Brilliant app
nice aap
good
you guys are still asking too much access in our phones.
Good
Its the worst app
It's a great app however you can only tag your friends which is a pain. The old app had this feature. Please get it back. Thanks
..
Um wtf? I don't want to have to download another app to just message my friends!! Change it back to how it wassssssss!!
Kanagu
I like this very much
Okay
No update for old Android OS!
Like
Very good
Love it
Wow
Loved it
Facebook does not privacy anymore.  Really sucks.
cte
I Like Facebook
Its really super....
Love it
Koti
Excelent
Too "big brother is watching"
Yes
Hello...knp fb.a gk bsa d.donlod seh.
view
Good but slow running
Super
I love it
Please Problem In New Feed
Fb..yo yo
Give 5 stars. Error new feed new update.please fix
Its always saying no space on my storage but there is a lot of space ><
It's new experience  to me
Verma
love it
Really gud
Arvind
Nice
Mast app hai bhai log
This update sucks! It is complete garbage and does not work
Family First

You have the option for saving pictures, you should add the option of saving videos too
excellent..
I like it
Facebook
Yes
cte
Its ok but sometimes its lag. 5 stars if you improve it
Very good
Love it
Its great
Loved it
Works just fine.
Cant see pictures!
Good but heavy consumes power and bundles. Also needs to be frequently updated
бяbest app
Excellent
Shows nothing except someone liked some page etc etc, can't even see a single post that is posted by my friends
Just Awesome
Fucked up..
Extra
Well, the new design is very cool.. I don't have any problems with the new update !!

Desktop view. Real coMputer experience.
Awso.me
I think it's ridiculous how much information is needed for this app. Honestly, I don't think you need my camera, my contacts, my exact location or any of those things but in order to talk to my friends I have to give it all and I find that ridiculous. I also don't understand why there needs to be another app just to see my messages.
Loved it
It's gud
Low!
The new update constantly freezes, it's FRUSTRATING.
Kaiss
The only part I hate is when scrolling to check stats,that it is always changing n then I can't find what i just was looking at. :(
Thx app was awaome for awll of other app
Too good
Good
Facebook is cool
ilovit
Disaster. Can't up load it
Love fb

Superb
It's good
I can't log in
It is good but an option to copy tex and paste it is highly desirable.please provide this facility
I have had fb for years now but I think we are being bullied into having fb messager can't see or read messages without it and they can spy on you not fair sort it out fb or a lot of people will leave and that is money to you
I like it.
Gionee p3 mavin
Dicky
Sending email without my knowledge? I'm not really happy with the new permissions
This my be infected by the rumored Russian connections many aps were in question. Will delete now.
Since I do 99.9% of my facebooking from my phone,  I've missed several very important messages - not sure why we need an "other" folder
Life partner
Pls update
when i try to open a video the app closes. . . this is just shit fix it up
Smart happy
I like it is gud
Every time I need to update Facebook I have to uninstall it entirely then reinstall it to get the update. See the problem here!
I updated my Sony Experia E1 and Facebook deleted itself and now when I try to reinstall it says it's not compatible with my device WTF!!!!!
Bagus
Have so fun with this
Yep uninstalled it, Facebook you asking for way too much. Your apps including Messenger does not need all that access (permissions) for me to use it effectively on my device, it's an invasion of my privacy.
Goood app
Why forcing us to install the facebook messanger its not useful pls take it back my wife mad at me :(
Amazing nice apps
It's okay, but it doesn't play fb videos, for some reason. Frustrating. Please fix it. I use a Sony Xperia Z1.
Except for it freezing up every twenty minutes its great and i can't send pictures over seas for some reason
Updates are meant to improve not worsen
Love My Facebook
Awesome App Real quick and Smooth to use INSANE!!!
History web side
I laik fb
Takes too much time to download plz plz solve it
arnel
Its nice but my phone is freezing . :(
Facebook app sucks too many privacy privileges
Watching videos freezes my phone. Scrolling down exits the program. I wouldnt reccomend this app until these issues are fixed. Uninstalling as of now.
Omg its good
Works greately and is very fast.
Good
I updated it and it keeps freezing. It needs to be fixed
Yas
Hate it. I can't post anything. It kicks me off, or freezes on me within a few minutes. Over it.
Good app
Good
Its make me so easy to use Facebook
Grey
jefry
useful!
Keeps closing on me it gets annoying..fix it!!!
l dldldnerdldldnerddxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxfrrxxxxxxf ff fffffrfffffffffffffffrfffeffffffffffffff    fffffffffffffefaca.e c
Wow
tot
Nice
Its really good to connect with people who care about us.
My news feeds aren'+ showing up in order by date and time. It is annoying that they arent listed by date and time
Best app ever i saw
Its wonderful. I Luv this new FB!
Id
nice apps
Fb
Slowing my phone down and shutting it off. I love Facebook but I hate your lack of respect for peoples privacy. Will b deleting if things aren't fixed soon. Can't even watch videos. What did you guys do? This is just awful!
Videos won't load and the interface force closes
Since upgrading my phones software. Facebook is now not compatible please update the Facebook app
Can,can
What is next there was my space now facebook 
Loved it
It crashed everytime
Yea so fix it plz
It sucks. Keeps freezing and closing. Permissions are a joke. Its just legal jargon to allow the NSA the full access they want. Deleting off my phone.
WTF I can't open the messages without download F messenger. So Why the hell there is message option in Facebook APP.
I can't download this application its always error 919.. so disgusting :{
Gr8 app
Everytime I use another app it says "Facebook isn't responding. Do you want to close it?" And it's so.....idk but please please please fix this pleaseeeeee!!!!!
this is it looking mush Facebook like
Nice
Sexy
IT TAKING FOR EVER TO UPLOAD PICS BUT ITS  IN MY TABLET IT OPPERATING SUPER
i think older version was much better than this version.
Awesome!!!!
Tried tagging my friend with video and they couldn't didplay it on thier timeline. But I could use my laptop and share the video and it showed up on thier timeline..
The new update keeps on freezing its so annoying!
Very nice
It is very good app
love it
Use smart live smart with fb.   I'll requested all the users to use this fb app only this is the best opinion
FB
Aamirshahzad
good time pass
Not...bad
Its always log at my phone and freeze.
I am bad boy
Very nice
superb!
Slow, fails to load images and videos sometimes and taking up too much space and memory.
loved it
Freeze
I cant install this app to my mobile .. it always says error aplication !! Whyyyyy ??!! :3
good...not mch......note3...
awesome
Good
I love facebook
Family and friend's, who's real and and who's. Not!!!#
Not so good
help me to find my old friends
Loved it
Pretty
excellent...
Juzt now started
But slow
Good
Lebih pantas
Yeah...really i usually goto browser to check facebook not really like this app....
It always consumes a lot of my phone storage.
Nice work
Esay way connect all around the world.
Nice
Bama Balu
Too nice.... but you cant understand....
MOst AwsOmE!!
Good
Its working
Thanks fo the new update!!
Love it.
Facebook new version is good
Nice one
Making some problems
I'm ok using my facebook
It,'s ok..
So cute
I am okay..editing worst
good
Nice app
It's Goood app
Dislike the fact that you have to download messenger just to message someone else.
making me easier to search my friends on Facebook .
Best
Visibility of the published post must be editable.
All this dumb app does since the update is log.
So so
You scroll down, and you lose control over the scroll. It freezes, and keeps scrolling. And rest of the issues, people have already mentioned..
Well done on the break things mantra. Broken Facebook on mobile
Hey man 
Best page
Keeps freezing...very annoying
Time to slim down this storage hog, great app in the beginning now just keeps getting bigger and bigger.
Md. Arman
Donlod Facebook
Best of one
This app has a lot of glitches on my galaxy s4. A lot of times I'll have to restart my phone to get it to work right again.
V.good
Good
I see, hear, and do the best ever
Reliable...app
I hope we can attach ms office file.
The new way is bs
It's not downloading properly and it keeps freezing i give one 1 star. Plz fix
Good
Raju kasayap
It's a place to be
Awesome
Mast
Very gud
Dhaasu
Its a good app
Hott
Juned juan
Excellent
So good
Good
Hate dis app
Solutionбубубубу
Is instable .. fix it !!
prem sth
Its sucks, inbox your own private words you can put through, without the messenger pops up.
Good
Won't let me log out...  Continues to say no connection...  Won't load news feed :( WTF!!! And continuously force closes!!! Doesn't even deserve one star >:( please fix!
This update is terrible! If I set it to most recent then watch a video or follow a link to an article, then go back, it always resets to the home screen top stories!! This needs to be fixed. Nobody cares about top stories! Also, being forced to download messenger is ridiculous.
Its Ok. But some times getting slow
Good join urs
It's not installed in my Xperia e1, after upgrading to kitkat version..
Bekar aap
Blah
I formated my fon nd reinstalled this app I couldn't find optionsof sharing
Gud..
Vinod kumar
Im in love with it
I foud alot of friends around the country
keeps on freezing up my phone when i try to log in and there is always an update on it,
No match, nice social app
Totally dislike this app.
Gang
The only problem I have is that sometimes when I Like something it takes but it sometimes will not show the like after I reload the news feed. I have to click on comments to see if it really took. I have trouble getting my news feed to update and have trouble with data getting through. When that happens, I close out my app and go to the mobile site version so I can see my news feed and it works fine; the data gets through fine with my browser.
After update working slow on xperia l
Very good
Love it
Hate how you have to download another app to message someone
Make it easier to log in with code generator
As.al.wo.wo how are you my heartly loved brother we are fine
Must have...
Whenever i open the aap it doesnt work and it hangs my phone a lot !!!
Very good this
I can't log in- update fb. I remove update can log in
Razal lumagi
Very nice
Love facebook and the app makes for ease of use, but there's one flaw that kills me. The sheer amount of videos is annoying but the fact that they play automatically as I scroll down my newsfeed makes the app almost unbearable to use! The app freezes almost every time I scroll past a video to load and I don't even care to watch them. Please change the app so videos don't autoplay, or at least add the option to turn it off. Please and thank you!
My phone won't let me download the app I've been trying for about 3 days now and nothing
My FB acct and several email accounts were hacked. My recovery info was deleted.  I can pull up the acct but there are no reset links.    Can pull up my acct with phone number but system will not let me reset using that same number.  Makes no sense.   Guess they deleted both emails and mobile recovery.   These apps inc FB are not safe!  Upset especially with no options available from FB to fix.
Cool app
Very ok
if you like to poke don't do the update
Me
I like the new app bt it keeps freezing plz fix that
I like the app very much!
Old Facebook
Thanks for this product
Good by
Fb has given the opportunity to reach out to family and friends..thanks fb.
Please fix then i will make it 5 stars :) btw ty facebook.
excellent
So sweet
Verv slow
The only way to talk to someone these days without talking.
Simply love it
Massages is one of the most used functionality and now it isn't available. At least remove the messages tab
FarO MiaN
Dis is not fast
Cooll
I love this app, facebook in the LG Swift L7 is cool <3
Our 24/7 remedy
Very useful...
Nice but need to make it more faster to open a picture or watch vid.. Also the msges need to fix, it dissappear everytime I open it
nce and good application
Facebook
Good I love this apps
sale..
I like it
It occupies a lot on space but it's good .....
Good
Facebook
I dont know whats going on when i watch a video it freezes and it keeps taking me back to my home screen then to top it off I have to download this stupid messenger smh im abt to just stick with instagram!!!
Social networking site
Its boarin
Good
Verry nice
Everytime I play a video on my Sony Xperia z it takes ages to load it and sometimes doesn't even play it at all. It slows the whoke thing down! Not impressed!!!
This app is taken way to much space on my phone an it causes it to not work sometime fix it please
Like you apps
Its awesome..
Works fine for me.
I wished I could edit the privacy/hide my specific post to a specific person. Just like on the PC.
I love it!
Forces you to download the messenger app. The app turns on and off WiFi constantly, is able to go through pictures, contacts, and all personal information. Never download messenger app. For you're safety and the safety of everyone you know
Good
New look is good.. But its getting freez some times.... Not responding...
Good
Ok
Best
Can't friggn log in. Wtf?!
When I follow a link then come back to Facebook it goes back to the very top of my news feed instead of where I was up to
Chattri
It can be better
Awsome app.
nai mango darao
It's good 2 go on 2 find  ur  family & friends & just meet new pple al over the world (: (:
awesome app
Can you minimize the ram usage? Because everytime I use the app my phone hangs.
I got it.....
Good
Fantastic
How is it possible for this to be getting worse, more and more bugs every update, started using browser for fb now as this is so poor.
Super
:*
Good
I like...
it's cool.just try it
Vgood
i love using social networking
Chief and best ...
nice one
Good
FACEBOOK
You update my app to force me to use messanger. Your update cause my phone to crash. Your app takes up way to space, and I can't save it to my SD card. You guys really don't care about customers.
Hi
Happy with the app.Thank you!
..every time they update it its a new version its crazy. I DO NOT LIKE how we can't size our own profile pic nemore. Thts a new change that I hate. N when downloading it wants access to our entire phone..the camera and microphone our contacts etc.. Its jus getting ridiculous
No enough space
Still that Bug! No Connectio!!! Pls Fix it!!!
Freezes my phone too much space
Nice and fast
New fb is cool
Lama
Vivi
Frnds
V.nice
I love facbook
B
Excellent app
It is ok
Nice
The new fb app sucks... Takes forever to open, forever to navigate from one page to another... Can't stand using it now.. I went from checking and surfing through fb all the time to maybe only a few minutes a day now bc of the app
It goes slow sometimes bt i still use it
It keeps sending me back to the menu
Loviing it
...
This app takes up way too much space on my phone. Then it freezes up to the point you can't use any other app till you restart your phone. Uninstalled.
As you
but slow my phone... just sometimee error also..plz fix it..
Nice app
Indian film c I d
I'm already aggravated by the messenger situation (I don't want a seperate app) and it doesn't help that my notifications tab ALWAYS glitches to where I can't view it, only my timeline! Help
Means of communication lovely
good
So good
Super
love love love
Fine
Keep crashing
messenger
Freezing my phone all the time
When I think of Acay I feel good because he has a big dick and that's how I feel when I use this app to sign in with Facebook.
Good aa oay
Super
Super love
Its good....i liked it....
If there was a lower rating that's what I'd give this app.
Plz fix this force close problem..im not able to use messenger app whn my fb doesnt open..so plz plz plz fix it as soon as possible..:(((
Its Mad Slow  , I Dont Like How It Keeps Tellingg Me Too Forcee Close It  . And It Runs Slow Then Closes Down  .
Love facebook
Hi
Won't even download...
It's take to much space in mobile 
cool
Thapa
Very Very. .good Facebook. .wab. .!!!
I like this but its slow to loading. I wish its faster
Pich
Nice social app
This aap is good for samsung smart phone please donwload but this aap work wery saloly
It fixed...better now
I want more faster loader..freezes everytime i open and download..hmmmf
So far nothing wrng has done by dis new facebook
ITS FINE бя
Nice
It is a great way to chat with your friends
Good
My baby boy
I Mean , Its good , ha .
It keeps closing on it's own since the new update :(
Mohan
Ok so I'm ok with FB and the Messenger because I can stay in contact with my fam and friends, but after what I see all over news and reading up on both app about invading our privacy, I am thinking about uninstalling both app..... I really do not think it's fair us that you allow this to happen.... I've been a member of FB for forever now and have ignored many things I have heard, but this is where I draw the line.... Sorry but I have to give both app one star.... 
Borin
Myo
very good
Since the last update it keeps freezing up
The app keeps freezing up my galaxy s5. Slows everthing down and doesnt load pics. Im on 4g so its deff not the connection or phone! Needa fix your bugs and get rid of your stupid messenger app. It should be optional not compulsury! Sort it out Mark Zuchaberg!!
STILL CANT REINSTALL IT...
Mickle
To good
Still has to improve
New update makes "Top Stories" default.  NOBODY likes that, everyone wants the "Most Recent" option standard! If we all uninstall this app and switch to one that has more options, maybe they'll listen.
hahaha
Facebook
nice
Good job.
For new version
One word. Addicted
I love it.
Ok
Arshad
I have not found yet how to watch the most recent stories without wasting a lot of time going to the menu and then selecting the recent stories. How can I make it permanent, I honestly don't care about the "top stories"
Good
So nice
Always freezes and loads slowly.
Let us see!  How does its working well or not. I had ok work with it.
Having to install another app to send the messages is pointless, you could leave that option on this app
Ill give it a five star caus
Dear sir         i donr wat mashenger please fix the facebook chat
Its good but there are little glitches.
fields.╥╗╤∙
Fyfy ft
Slow and annoying. I'd rather use my browser
Cool
Geraint
Love it
Coool
Facebook is the best social network
all because of the messenger app !!
THIS FB APP IS BRILLIANT
I hate them both. I so wish there were another app to download similar to Facebook where I can keep in touch with my  family & old school friends 
like this app
Liked it the old better
Its ok
:)
Slow. Crashes. Glitchy. Sucks.
Keeps on crashing. No problems with my phone. Just this app.
Nic
I like it
Mangela
Good app
Very very best this social network.
It keeps closing on its own. Please fix.
It freezes more often
It is very nice
Is good
No idea what yall just updated but the app doesn't work on my phone now...
You know this Facebook is better than the regular
Was forced to upgrade to KitKat and now this app causes my tablet to restart itself! I want this fixed!
GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD
Sanjaymisra
I like the old Facebook better the new Facebook keeps freezing up ever time I go to use it
This latest update is really slow on my Nexus 7. Wish I had kept the other one.
I cant send a voice message
Loved it
I like to use this facebook from the other one ..it is difficult for me to updating picture.
Good
I love it
Everytime im using the facebook app it keeps freezing and shutting down. This is after it was updated. Please fix. Thanks
Mind bloing apps
It runs so slowly..
Love it
It freezes

Maryjoysaldo
Sucks! Not downloading. Keeps on showing an error when downloading
Thanks
Peoples app and social website
Almost there,
I love this app but wat I hate is tht sometimes its slow to log in :( but good app doe
I like to be the only one with control over my phone!!!! Thank you very much.	It's a very good application for social interaction ..... But, there are way too many permissions on it, including and up to reading all accounts created on your phone and applications being able to place phone calls without permission ... Common...GIVE ME A BREAK ..... you're taking it way too far. Or, Should I just hand you my phone?
Sorted the problem out
I Uninstalled the app and it will not reinstall.
Its great
Facebook is now forcing you to install "messenger" witch gives Facebook permission to turn your camera on without your permission and also record and it also access your call logs and text messages without you even knowing. I suggest you all delete Facebook app and messenger and use Facebook on the browser instead. It was all ok until Facebook forced us to install messenger with their new update it should be more of a choice then to force us it's Our privacy but Facebook has ruined that.
Freeze problem
Good
Add a video downloader to download my fav video on facebook.
b
Very good
Manju
Sometimes the notifications 'tab' gets stuck on one post and I can't see my notifications!
Awesome!
Gud
Abooboo
This app  do thevery nice job
6"2
It's working without any trouble. It brings all of my friends together. It means stay close.
Super
feezes up my phone
It always crashed.. just checking the newsfeed then it will crashed orclosed by itself, will post something or to someone, it will crashed again.. pls fix this. I already uninstall and reinstall this 3x still the same
I can't scroll down my newsfeed or basically do anything on Facebook without it freezing on me. Please fix
I am not able to update the latest version.
its lame lol jk idk
Esta bastate bueno pero lo jodieron al eliminarle el chat
I lyk it
Easy
It always hung
Size is too big for regular capacity  handsets
5432
Ek no
Ve verga
Can't view the full video. What ever video I'm trying to play.. After 20 seconds it's saying "sorry but unknown error occurred. While trying to play this video" even though I tried start with after 20 seconds or middle of the video I can watch only 20 seconds from the start line of the video. Also can't upload profile and cover picture with original quality but I can do it from fb website
Facebook es mi adicciи░n.
Actualy this is a great application for facebook users and i have been using it for last three years and update time to time but before 2 updates it ran smoothly but now it does not work properly and freeze the phone moreover i have to close it forcefully because it does not responce.so i want to intimate the facebook team to do something regarding this matter.if it does not sucks i would have given five stars.
I love fb it's cool but I've Ben having fb not responding
facebook
Good UI.
It takes forever for the app to open and get on the home screen. It keeps saying setting up Facebook and take up to 15 minutes for it to load and open. Please fix this problem, ASAP!!!!!
I like it
Keeps freezing up my phone fix it
Ok
FACEBOOK ALWAYS NOT RESPONDING.
Nice
Most recent tab still doesn't work. I see updates from a week ago in my news feed. Frustrating.
Problem has been like this since it was updated . I try to upload a video . Later it will say it's not go thru . I use a Flipagram to upload a video but won't load in it . What a the use .. fix . Or no fix .  .
Great opportunity with frnz
Was going to download it for my phone but after reading all the reviews and talking to people about all the new bull crap that you have to put up with I will not be downloading this app. To my phone Facebook doesn't need access to everything on my phone.
Love this app
Uploading videos will cause the app to freeze and become extremely unstable so that even my LG G2 with 4G internet is not able to handle it
Keeps getting worse with every update. Go to fb from my app and that's it can't do anything its froze
Its just awesome
Services

This app has been great up til now. I have bought milk and a couple of other items which you did not honor. Kroger always has cheaper prices on milk yet you don't honor them on the app. Although if I take the ad in store there is never a problem.
Not bad keep up the good work mark
hh
Cool
The messenger APP is useless, and using Facebook from a browser feels broken. Purposely.
Great
Love
Dada
This app is hassle free
Consume to much space
Every time there's a video it freezes even if I don't play it... this needs to be fixed
Ok
Nice
Facebook is ok but it takes up too much space so i uninstall it to see if its gonna work better when i install it but now am trying to re install it and its not letting me in y is that plz do something facebook keeps me going throughout the day
I Love this more than before
In order for me to send a message I have to install another app? If that's the case I'm just going to uninstall this app.
Jay hoooo
Good
I like fb
Pentescotes
But u know i really didnt like the messenger of it... n by the way if there is a messenger where we are being forced to install it so they should upgrade facebook without the message thingy in the facebook app -_-n maybe it will also take less storage..
Excellent
Wonderful
Dont like it
My ph keeps freezing and I have to reboot it with the new fb. And for the games takes along time to dload. And I have to go close fb and use messenger
bcoz..to much want to click..go to mesegger so dficult.To me
Take a lots of time to open...
I'm
Pressed the like button for several posts but the like disappears after 2 seconds
Im not even able to look my profile. After the update every thing stopped working
Last updates is bad.. Streaming videos and opening photos both have the same problems.. very slow to load.. I think an update should have a better performance.. slow on both my devices zenfone 5 and galaxy tab 3 8.0
It is a good app but its updates are too big. They are of 22 MBs. Please reduce it.
good !!for fast browsing
It crashed all time! Pls fix it! And I can't play videos
Some problem loading  dont know .....
Great
Excellent way to unite with lost ones
Good morning
Can't believe that after force stopping the app.. It never wakes up automatically. This was the reason i uninstalled it. So thank you guys .. Please don't do it again . I don't want it to wake up automatically
This app is rubbish after the last update.
Pawar
I love it more
I hate the new app. It's too slow
Kh
Northern Angel
I've gotten use to the lay out since my last rate, which was a 1. So I'll give a 3 til the mess with it again
I can't download load .. why??
Fb
Very good
Is awesome
It freezes up my whole phone really bad!!! I have to keep taking my battery out just to get it to unfreeze. The app also just randomly shuts down & takes me back to my home screen & i have to reopen it. I loose my place everytime.....horrible app!
Great features!
The best to keep in touch. ..
The app is faster now.
Nice app uummmaah .
Addiction
Very good
I cant sign in
i hate it !! i cant see whose online and not ..please fix this 
When I install it ..an error 'duplicate provider authority appears..please fix this and I'll give 5 stars
samsung galaxy note
Too slow. Third party apps are far more better. Total rubbish.
Every time I log in it will log back out. It will log out by itself abou 3 times in a row. The most it has logged out in a row by itself is 7.
Good
Why should we use the app other than to upload, browser works just fine
Need to have the option of being able to make it so others can't share my photos or status updates onto their own page or to other people's pages. Photos I take are being STOLEN and I want to be able to prevent this happening. Until this feature is made available, my rating will remain low and I will voice this complaint to others on Facebook so they can start asking why it isn't available also.
Took it forever to download
Nice
Its really a beautiful experiance :-D
I like most
Why should i have to get facebook messager? That is retarded facebook and everything about it ahould be one app like it has always been now i have to use more space on my phone that i dont have to download that app. And im not doing that. So now i have to wait til i get home and use my laptop til i can respond to anyone. Thanks a bunch.
Nice
Why am I only getting the option for top stories I don't want that I want most recent and I'm getting tired of messenger I only want one app not 2 plus I won't download it until you get rid of those permissions. Plus its getting worst so I'm just sticking to no more Facebook app good bye
Guardian
Love it!
Every time I post it shuts down.
Freezes sometimes and won't let me like things sometimes. Other than that its good.
Friends forever.... application
Its take upto 45 mb..on my phone.so please do somting for that.i want this app in less mb.
Ye mind
Once a new notification pops up, FB drops and I have to reopen the app from start. I have a Sony Xperia.
Very nice
Crash's all time and the are making it worse each up grade
Every time I like something it automatically unlikes it. Fix that then ill give more stars.
lonely girl
I love this app...sO what are waiting for download now in your mobile...im sure you like it tOo...
keeps closing me out
Most recent news feed will not load! So I'm only seeing the same crap over and over.... Fix this asap!
Everytime I go in my messages it doesnt let me and it makes me download messenger but I dont want it.
Video error keeps coming up
It says facebook has stopped working and it takes a really long time to load and sometimes it won't even work
Stha
I hate that you have to download another app so you can read messages on your facebook
Why don't this work anymore? I deleted the app because it kept going to my home screen after attempting to open it! Then I tried to reinstall it and now it's saying error!
Fix this!!!
Kills battery life..
Messenger requirement is bs!
Very gud but hard 2 open
time pass king
Amazing !!!!!!!!
okay the new version sucks I don't know what u did to it but fix it and I'll give it a better rate.my messages won't show up unless I get messenger
App respond more than prev versions..
Terrible
Its the best
Es una puta chingadera cada vez mas la cagan mas en cada upgrade  se friza mi telefono solo en facebook solito se sale de face a la pantalla inicial es una puta mamada una porqueria gente pendeja que lo pueden arreglar
FAMILIA PALACIOS
I need Facebook to get my level back on my game
Excellent..
Awesome
Constantly freezing up, messanger has too many intrusive app permissions, and the video constantly freeze off wifi and that is using full 3g data signal.
Facebook
Startes to not load photo or anything. Fix please NOW and stop SPYING ON ME STALKER
Never again.
Nyc
Lovely! !!
R
What's with the backwards crap? I can't find new stories. How do I put in order??? This is dumb!

I liked the other version .keeps going to homescreen
KALYAN- karmakar
I like it cuz I don't have to wait a week to go on a computer for 2 days of Facebook this is helpful go on it anytime and games/apps u have to buy r free so cool like it! but! When I download the game on my phone takes to long!!!!  Uhhhh
The new update sucks, freezes all the time and will just randomly close and take me back to my home screen. Galaxy s5.
Lol bae do
It's an ok app but needs improvement
Its great but the new update has made it quite slow.
It always freezes and we should be able to update to most recent on the main screen not on the other menu it sucks i like the old version it was way better and easier
Much improved.  This last update helped.
WwWETHIOPAIN
Love it
Thnks
The best
Facebook is amazinnnggg! Im addictied! Lol and I have been!
Get rid of ur Facebook messaging app
As soon as I click on the icon it opens then closes. While im also scrolling down my timeline it freezes, please fix!
Comment that can include photo?
If u don't want to use the new messenger all u have to do is install a older version of fb then go to settings in the play store and stop the automatic updates so fb doesn't update that's what I'm doing and works great
venkat@2968
I have uninstalled and reinstalled this app 4 different times trying to get the new look and it keeps giving me the old look. I have a galaxy s4. What's up??? I just want a new look?! Please fix
Facebook login is not working showing an error in HTC desire 816 am having a screen shot help me to resolve this.
Thank you
Please make the messenger stop pestering me to install it.
Light weight & low data consumption.
Lame
Fb
Messenger app requirement is the bane of my life. I want to consolidate apps. Not have more
I lik this facebook
it keeps freezing
Best Fb App
It's k
Leave it alone! Quit changing it.
Good working
I like app
Ever since they changed and updated facebook its taking me couple minutes like 10-15mins just to load every photo on my feeds! This is not working good seriously. Patience is at its limit. Fix this. Please. Pft.
Freezes up.
This is a good enough app ... But it crashes a lot. Sometimes also hangs and its very often that notification are not poped up in the notification bar. And also many stories and updates from friends timeline is not listed. I request u to fix this.
Love it
I love it. Lol
Well this is a super fine new updated facebook which enables fast communication in real time.We are now bridging the digital divide
Tags don't work. Use to work well before. The updates for this ap on android is no good. It makes fb run slower. Please make cover photos have privacy settings like the profile pics. I don't want the whole world to see what I display especially pics of my children. Thank you.
Slow doesn't always work
It use ram too much.
World
Its  great  i loved it
Very good
Fb good
Here lately I will click on it and it either freezes my whole phone or loads for a minute and then shuts off.
Long loading time..No pics shown..Sucks!!!
Knp facebook gx bsa downlod video
Nice ap
Nice and handy one
I like it
It went pretty fast when I installed the app. I love it ,it saves a lot of time to get inn and do what I need to.
video not playing otherwise best
Good work guys
I like the way it has been updating it is really fun to see how different it has been since the frst fb app..btw its actually beautiful :)
Reesharaj
The size too much while my phonecard not enough...
Complicated. Too much. I like the last version
Verry good
Awesome app....      it is very simple to mobile app than in PC... easy upload pics..
Every time I open the app on my Galaxy S4, it always says, 'error loading news feed' doesn't matter if I close the app then reopen it.
It was not updating the news feed had to uninstall and tried reinstalling but can't it keeps coming up with the error code 24 whatever that is this had been going on since June
I cant see my news feed,it is so very  slow app i mean poor app!!!!!
Don't like that we are forced to download the Messanger app! Really needs to stop updating this app.
Keeps crashing and keeps close and return to my home screen.
Nice
I truly wish FB didn't pick our recent news. I like the old way when we saw everything, regardless if we frequented the friend's statuses. Annoying they force messenger on you. I don't pm from my phone anymore.
This app, i miss being able to see your most recent instead of most popular.
No need
I haven't been able to follow a single notification or link from a site to this app on my phone. It has asked me to sign in over and over, indicating that it does not recognize my device. I just uninstalled it and reinstalled it hoping that would hrlp but I basically have zero faith it woll help.
Facebook
It keeps freezing my phone when there are new notifications
Nice
Very nice
FaceboI'mok
-- koncoku ndik kene kwabbeh --
Can make slow my phone, even new design is nice
Well see
Great app
Every time i tried to download it it crashes my phone
Stuks a bit
I really. Love. It it so nice
Takes up too much space !!!!
Not responding !please fix it as soon as possible
Ever since the up date it forces closed or just closes and the worst part of it u could have perfict signal and it says erro load news failed fucken fix it
Esy facebook
When i open it. It suddenly closes
I like it don't download the messager police lerkin
Face book
A root user .......Its a nice app but I can't give it more star.when its running suddenly show that Force Close.so fix it......I give it five star.
ew
Always reliable
Could you either make it so you can edit the desription you give to an album, or make it so the decription doesnt show up EVERY SINGLE TIME you add pics to that album. Or even both. Please and Thank You!!
I love this
When I scroll through my news feed every time I go past a video it freezes.... drives me nuts it does it constantly
I don't like how I have to download a different app to message ppl now... I have to go into the browser and send message now. Not rite !!
Excellent
Very accurate
Lovely app.. :*
When a story is posted it brings me back to the beginning of the page so I don't get on much anymore it SUCKS BIG TIME
GOod idea..
Itmakesmekrazy
Excellent!
It's takes to long to load video's and comments.
Piece of junk on kitkat.  It crashes every few minutes.
Downloal
My enjoy time
Top source to connected with required choice of people in the world
Try to find a good review, I dare you.
cant see the pictures my friends share and tag me in..
This is even better than the old version. Its amazing.
Read the permission do you really want an app to have control over your device
Gud one.
It's fb yo
Its take too much memory space
Ok
I have had to uninstall it twice because it kept locking up my phone I left messenger on but I don't think it worked so now im downloading an older version to see if it goes back to the way it was before you guy's fucked it all up.
I always look at what access an app has to my phone.  This app has wide ranging access many aspects of my phone, including "Other."  I clicked on other and find nothing there. Okay, Big Brother.....
Need the old facebook back, why are they forcing you to install fb messenger what's that
I currently have a Note 3. It was doing fine until lately it have been freezing up. I have to push home just to get out the app.. Please fix. Thanks.
sweetme
App rarely loads. I'm not downloading messenger to have two poorly functioning apps.
Mankind
A good place to chat about things bothering you
I can't connect to Facebook when I play candy crush saga.Can you fix it for me.Thank you
This update is just wrong! Everything is so slow! There are things popping up that I don't understand or know what to do with! My messenger cuts off and goes to the home page all by its self rite in the middle of my message! I hate it and wish I had never updated it! Stuff blinks off n goes to whatever it wants to  ! Please fix it please? ?
This app consumes almost half of my phone battery, even when I don't use this app that frequently.
Very poor updates
Very good
Love it
Constantly freezes and automatically closes app. The update is terrible
E
I dont like it when videos automatically play ! Its annoying! Thats why only 3 stars ,fix that (Big Annoying problem pls ,if i want to see a video i want to chose what to see .
I have the galaxy s4 and for some reason my facebook doesn't have the auto video play option like my sisters does who ALSO has the s4....everybody else has it but me...I can't watch videos on my news feed unless I click on them...can you please tell me why my facebook would be different than everyone else's and someone else's who has the SAME EXACT PHONE...it is really kind of annoying because I would like to enjoy that feature....Also why haven't I gotten the facebook update yet but everyone else has?
Very nice.
Facebook i m loving it
Love it
Apne pass na hote hue bhi as pass mahasus hote hain puran sathion kamilne ka behatrin munch hai
Don't let me watch video's
Awesome
Awesome
Bama Balu
Great app
Nice apps. But sometimes its couse lagging. I hope facebook company improve this a soon as posible..  Thankyou. Godbless everyone
wont upload any vids, boo
Would give half a star if i could. I don't know which i dislike more, the interface gets changed everytime i force myself to figure it out AGAIN or how crappy it is even compared to on other platforms/operating systems. My nieces "keychain pet" is makes more sense. You have to be kidding if the monstrosity of a company can't either figure it out or they are being forced to make it different for companies they could buy with their starbucks budget. I'd leave Facebook, but not a high enough percent nontechnic
Its alright now...I just can't watch videos and it keeps kicking me out of the app when I do
Now i can't watch videos... i click on it and it plays the audio with a black screen.... i had never had trouble with fb... whats happening
Prithika
Freezes, uses all of my phones memory, and slow!
Bugs out and its slow
Ayaw gumana ng msg d mapindot
Nice
Its alright I hate the fact I gotta download Facebook messanger to text
Thought you had to be 18 to join, so  later when I found out it was 13, I tried to change my birth year, and I got the info screen, without anything on it
Ayos
I like to meet new unknown frnds.
KALYAN-karmakar
Best
Its so great.. im like fb..
Any time coneccted to there home for school frandz and famliy manners awesome app
Not at al.gud..due to high memory.ma phn vl be hanging alwayz bcz of fb
Since updating Facebook, now I can't post who I'm with, where I am, feelings, ect.
Need to be refined thoroughly
Crashes phone so I can't even receive messages from other apps, with messenger as a prerequisite this is now redundant however sadly these clowns have locked this particular app to the phone. What a mis-configured load of crap when we all know there firms are quids in regardless of whether they can actually be bothered to resolve these app issues. Wish I could just delete it! Well whats wrong with that when we all know that happens to all craps eventually....
Can't trust it. Corporations just can't keep to themselves.
Facebook is okay
Super
Facebook keeps exiting out on me by itself
Takes a long time to move from screen to screen once it let's me in which takes a long time.
Videos stall after a fee seconds of watching them. Can't see anything anymore. Never asked for upgrade but yet FB forced me. Thanx FB :(
Superb
I like Facebook
GuadalupeGaonacervantes
Why downloading hanged on 79% I facing problem plz help
This new update slow my phone this .when I login in with in four minutes its say it's not working properly please close it.
Nice.....
Friends apart could be searched if on fb
I'm promise for you I till dead do us part...
am so happy with dis
Nun Michael
It should be allowed to copy any texts.
Best friends
Freezes up and just drops everything hard to run videos really slow and sometimes won't even run the videos so just saying not real impressed but o well something to do and people to c and meet
When using landscape mode, picture are in poor quality. But its ok.
I would give it another star but it stop and takes me to my home screen
It keeps crashing and won't let me scroll down far. Never should have updated it. Very disappointing. I don't like the messenger taking up space on my phone either.
:c
Not bad

Now its a 2 cause u r forsing ppl to use megger went to kerp it u there is no no thanks no not now its down load up or learn norr soundd like ur bossibg ppl i dont with to use it cause most ups u ppl got have virsuses hu now u  cam fix that rite now so i csn talk ti my friends wuth out u making me down load it or it can go to 1 star then 0 ur chonce grow balls amd fix it  now 2meny hackers to ur meggenger app is stupid plicd watch the app it freezes ppls phone up and shut them off and it is a hacker app
I'm very disappointed in the cropping ability on the profile pics. Umm Wtf!? How are we to crop a pic down when all it does is give us a square that either covers your head or your chest. Pls fix this so we can control the cropping box rather then just move it around. #annoyed
Prithika
keeps freezen my phone also
Sairous Torre: Still the same! #EPIC!
Love Sunday Best Good to hear some good old church music instead of all the hip hop all the time
I love it thanks facebook team and i thiking next facebook is faat than this facebook
It Just Shows Up Black Screen,  Won't Show What The People Doing,  I'm Just Bouta Delete Facebook Its Not Worth This Struggle.
Application is crap, shows error and shuts down before it gets started.
Very nice
Every time I try to log in it tells me setting up Facebook. It's already set up...why does it do it every time...
Facebook
07051987
Thanks
I love it
Keeps going back to my homescreen .. THIS SUCKS..
This is like the old version but let me me continue to reap what is here... No just that the news feed delay a lot.
Love it good way to find long lost friend's ,family ect.
A bunch of crooks
I updated my samsung galaxy tab 3 to the latest version and this freakin app nvr worked with it. And facebook wont allow to just use its messenger.. SMFH
It helps! Thanks :-)
awesome love to chat with friends then download facebook!
Good
:
The app keeps freezing while scrolling or when pulling up comments.
There's no here audio or mp3 upload system... it's so disappointing!!
Runs good with nexus 5 . awesome
Good one
I will never install messenger and this Ap invades your privacy and makes u install messenger to view your messages on ur phone. F*** this Ap
problems with updated stautes n doesnt let me look at bideos
I tried to see my lasted news feeds but it only help online now the app
Can't install. Tried four times. Error code = - 24
Fuck off facebook spying on peoples phones and recording audio and taking pictures and ringing numbers.
If your phone allows you to unistall updates then there you go back to normal fb. Quit complaining ppl
Good morning akka
It freeze, it's slow
Great
Ray sosa
Takes up too much space, updates only get worse, doesn't load, uses too much data, crashes often.
Using more internal memory than any othe app I have installed. Facebook needs to fix this.
Favulas!!!
cool better than the fb i have ...tnx
Kki
Don't like that I can't deny permission for facebook viewing and accessing my camera, recording conversations and text messages, snooping my call logs and contact list. I'm uninstalling this and messenger until it's changed.
This is good for all  people
Don't like it
Bad keep freezing
Good but loading pictures is Slow & It does not moving to SD card, it takes too much of mb If its moved to SD card I'll give 5 stars definitely
i still hav lot of phone memory space but it couldn't dl its error..can fix this.
Facebook man
Nice
Fesbeook
It doesn't Download .. Very bad .. & don't want to open the message without messager.. It's Very bad .. Please Fix the promble fast

I love it very much
Tama gochi abasel
Lightweight version needed... But this is FB - they never truly cared about the people.
Doesn't work fix it I cant do anything!
Good
Good
Facebook enter
i love this application
Its not care full on Porn upload
I'm not going to download a separate app to chat with the 1 or 2 friends who occasionally use FB Messaging
Autofill option is annoying as all get out and it can't be disabled.
It has a hard time updating. Nothing that I have any interest in to wait around for
Booom bitvhez
I try the new facebook
Great

Excellent
Jkjkjkjk
I downloaded the app and ever since I have had issues with my Galaxy S4. Pics corrupted here and there and now I had my entire SD card erased and I have antivirus running on my phone. I blame this app for the loss of 1500+ pics of family and my kids growing up. If I didnt need it to chat with family on facebook I wouldnt have it. And I think im still gonna delete it.
Good
