Fuckitall
Love it hellz ya
Update causes Nexus 7 to crash. Piece of junk, back yo using Chrome to view Facebook.
Not Good
Takes forever to load and looks like garbage. Still really hate Facebook. Now it needs more invasive permissions I don't want to give it.  Great and now its got a half assed browser built in.
I like this app but most of the time it takes almost 10 minutes just to open up when I have good wifi. So if you could maybe update it so its faster at loading things. Thanks
Love it :)!!!!!!!!!!
Don't like that I get notifications for messages still. Don't like messenger app, but if you insist on it, take it out of the Facebook app altogether. Pictures load super slow, videos are a joke, and why do I have to choose most recent EVERY time I log in? And when I do, I see more recent posts in the news feed that don't even show up in most recent? Smh get it together....PLEASE
God not dead
Dude the app keeps freezing and turning itself off on my S4
Nothing beats than the most powerful networking social here
Facebook has updated way to much and all it has done was make it more difficult use. I don't want to see popular posts I want to see recent. Instead of adding any features that made UK to easier to use it made everything more complicated.  But the killer was removing messages, as if everyone has enough memory for getting many apps
Ruben
Very useful for all minders
Kept freezing
Meh
Suckerberg can keep his grubby fingers out of my devices.
Need to reset my password buttell me i have put in to many codes but they havebnt accepted the p revius codes  their fault not mine
I like/love facebook!!!! It's the bomb! And it's about to explode
Good
I'm consistently needing to uninstall the app and then reinstall it because it won't work right. Lately it will sat "No posts to show." When I know that there are. Annoying.
Waiii
good
Can't u people Chang. The color of this app it's getting really old and boring... I love Facebook tho...
Every time I try to search for something/someone the app closes...please fix!!
Esta aplicaci¨®n est¨¢ bloqueando constantemente el tel¨¦fono en.android 4.3. Sin tenerla abierta aparecen fallas y lo m¨ªnimo es reportar.ayuda urgente
Ramirez 525 red river road gallatin tn 37066
Its keeps on freezing the goes off then when i go back on it it goes on to a palin black screen
Please make an update for the app that allows you to switch off notifications from individual posts that you comment on. Just because I comment on my friends' posts doesn't mean I want to know when someone else does esp if it's not a person on my friend list. Currently I can only turn them off in the web version.
too slow
yes
W
Meannnnn
Logs me out constantly on my tab 3. Can't post or read pages without it shutting down.  Fix please
Irritating
IT SUCKS keeps crashing and freezing
abangnicky vevo
It crashes every 10 seconds
They keep wanting to install messenger dont want the crap Facebook starting to suck
amazing app
Keep up the good work and i wish that bh
Great;)
Cool person to be around
Why my facebook to slow activation
Sucks anal
So slow
This latest version is atrocious. Very slow, constantly crashes and freezes. Easily, the worst app I use. Stay away.
I like this

I love facebook too much
After latest update, the app will randomly crash. Super annoying Facebook! Can't be on app for more then 3 minutes before it decides to take a crap. HTC M8
Lovly
Good stuff
Dad and Lad.
Every time I try it restarts the app and doesn't work
Suddenly it hangs. No prob with other apps. Please fix. Thanks.
Love Facebook,  it's amazing!
Will stay like this till they remove their separate messages app
Lately the app constantly freezes and crashes pretty much as soon as I open it, have rebooted my phone, it doesn't help, this needs to be fixed!
Good G
My mom has it
Awesome!!!!
This app is great
For an older version
Used to love this app when it wasn't using so much of my RAM. And I hate that I can't see the most recent posts as my regular feed. So annoying!
The recent version is forcing me to install fb msgr
Locks me out it always says wrong password
Newsfeed is mixed,2hrs old to 3dys old. I'd rather have current news I know how to find old newsfeed.
Why if i open my face book, it's closed with it's self?
Helps you stay in touch much faster.
I frickin love this app
Iwould be better if i had one i use my brothers
Ever since the update all it does is crash. Still not working.
I can't play videos!!!
Gurjar
Face book is our way
I go to this app and I put my correct email and password I even double check it and it says this email dosent exist so I tried it in chrome and it worked perfectly Facebook fix it
Constantly crashes.
Sokmo
I love this applicAtioN very much.....
Its okay
This app sucks teabag! My phones browser is 10x faster. And how about an option to ignore updates? ZERO STARS
About every 2weeks I have to remove it then reinstall to get it working again. Poor show
grg
I like it
it's great
I like it but i dont like how it doesnt show the most recent feeds wen u first log on.
Love is life
Bheem
Love this app but I hate the way they changed the whole like system its annoying
How about adding message when you poke somebody
There is no messenger on this app!
i dont like
This app is freezing like crazy.  I have to close out of it completely a few times before I can scroll through my news feed.   Please fix and once its fix please stop fixing something that wasn't broken.
This only happens on this app, im tired of it closing off if facebook when itry to viewba profile or sometimes when submitting a status or shared post. The app will click off and id have to start all over re - writing the post again or having to scroll down from the top to find what iwas wanting to share and it will do ut multipke times before it will finally post it on fb. Uninstalled now.  Fix your problems and i might use the app again in the near future
Having three issues since the most recent update: (1) Facebook randomly just closes itself. (2) Facebook freezes up and displays "Facebook not responding" message after 60 or so seconds. (3) Constant lag. These issues occur nearly every time I use the app now. Samsung Galaxy S3 user. Please fix.
Facebook
I love the design but please fix the problem with old newsfeeds. Also, I dont like that the videos on here plays automatically. Please fix these problems and i'll be happy
facebook
Tang ina this
Needs an update
It keeps failing
It runs great on my galaxy s5
This is a really awesome app I can share pics and chat with friends for FREE!!!!!!!!!!!!! :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-)
Good
I shouldn't have to download your messenger to check my inbox messages.  Put it back the way it was so I can enjoy the app people!
Hate the messanger ad pop up
Social media
After updating it it refused to open. It shows "Just a moment" and then crashes. Please fix this.
Only good Facebook update-- Good Job
Good very cool
The app doesn't open neither is the messenger in my s4 Samsung. Wats wrong with th that? Improve serviceability
This app crashes on me over five times a day now...must useless app I have
This app is not working properly on my tablet 3 it crash in some time
I like it really
My videos are not uploading to facebook in high quality although I downloaded the videos in high quality. Please fix it. I am using the s3
GREAT
face
I don't care what Facebook claims,  I'm not letting their app read all my PRIVATE SMS text messages indiscriminately without any control. Deleted!
But sticks ah lil mwahhzz!!!
Big like
FRIENDS SUGGESTIONS... how we suggest               ¡ñfriends  to friends¡ñ  is this important for ¨€Fb aPp¨€ firstfall. fix this one for all Fb users  .after i.ll give  the 5¡ï¡ï¡ï¡ï¡ï
Too hard to open the app now after the update.  - Also if you can make it close after two touches of the back button or at least a confirmation to quit.
Great app
I don't.know if you need to do another update or what. Every. Freaking. Time I get on...."Facebook is not responding". I report 50 times a day...
Yup!
Too big and too slow !! Full memory ,why i have to choose between fb or  whatsapp ebay paypal and other better apps much more useful than you guys ... !!!:Who do you think you are ??AND I DON'T WANT TO HAVE MESSENGER !!!! Avoid like the  plague ! Last mistake is : JUST A SECOND  .....
Good with staying in contact  with those people you just don't see every day!
Um why is it saying I have insufficient storage when I have 14 gigabytes left
It takes a lot of internal memory of my phone. Fix it
Finally
When I try to use the app it opens for 2 seconds then closes........ Please fix.
superb
Android Charge:  does not work!!!
Communicating with each other
Please remove messenger!!!!
Yo all you people are spoiled rotten. Just be glad there is an app for Facebook to check your anti social lives
Android 4.4
Really great app deserved 5 stars!!! :-)
I like face book it a cool way to keep in touch with people that you know
Reducing it from 3 stars to 2.  It is good to have an app for this ubiquitous phenomenon.  The app was fine for most parts but is getting worse with each update. It crashes about 50% of the time and is slow as molasses yet still lacks some basic functionality.
The newest update facebook stops responding and I have to re boot my phone or if I fire it up it closes right back down please fix this bug
Good
Only shows posts from previous day. Always have to change to 'most recent ' every time.
Cool
I want my old fb back!
That's right
Shuts itself down repeatedly, everytime I open it. Im done with this app.
Won't loaf pictures on my news feed and won't load comets on statuses all I see are statuses terrible app
Jacob love
People been complaining of every update since first app showed up
Love it
loved it
OK app. But separate messaging? What's that all about?!!! Too big an app as it is, let alone seperating messaging now! Slows down phone far too much and keeps  giving error "Facebook has stopped" even when I'm not using it, so I've UNINSTALLED!!!
Dam google play ant leting me downloud facebook app
Its cool.
Love it
Much better now
Thankz
Nu pot sa comentez la posturi
CathynPaul
It keeps magically closing all by itself.
I love it
And crashed every now and then.
Not for low memory phones
Awesome.
It closes by it self, it refreshes by it self i miss the old fb i knpw it is not the tablet becuase it is a new one just got it
I cant logout it closes by its self i says no internet connection ....
Pesado pra caramba
I like to see funny vids and post things when i feel in the mood
Was working great until the second to last update. On galaxy s5 active using stock kit Kat .. now it freezes every other day. .. and messenger,  really,  I NEED to install it. .. what a piece of crap!
V cant without u.....

New updates suck again. Constant not responding window pops up and takes forever to load.
I love it
Cool App
Facebook is nice!! Faster than before!! You have problems, delete it completly, then reload it again. start all over an you will love it!!!
I like it........
Whenever I play a video, it won't let me watch the whole thing. And when I try to watch a short video, it just doesn't load
Wow that's great to use Fb its good and fantastic. But one problem it was very slow so pleaseeeeeeeeeee fix this problem in my Samsung galaxy y duos lite 2.3.6.
Hi
my facebook cannot open
Install
Rate monitor
So cool and i love it.
I have to go to the app store to open fb app and i hate having to use fb  messanger
Since last update my phone keeps crashing or repeatedly restarting!
App
wonderful, very wonderful ^_^
Yaaaaaaaay its faster
Easier then goin on browser
yeah
Ekrame
I love this app on my new Nokia tablet
I have gotten hacked so many times
Share time
Profile pictures not showing up in the news feed since updated
Works great.  Don't really understand all of the Facebook hate.. The media is blowing things out of proportion.
Excellent
Keeps crashing and all comments are failing.
5 star
This has become the biggest waste of space on my phone. Forcing me to install a second app (Messenger) with LOTS of permissions required just to use the FB chat functionality. I'm not sure why people continue to use this invasive social platform but i'm out.
I love this app!
It awesome
When you hit most recent post it does good for the first 2 hours then it jumps to 9 10 hours ago
Stupid
Good  to be with your nearer n dearer
Its a pretty good app but its stopping while uploading photos and somtimes suddenly
Runs up to much data
Sangat menyukai
Loading time ?
Force closes , needs updates too often and lacks simple link  usage without timing out and closing..uses way to much mobile memory for such poor user functions
Since the update, I have been unable to do anything within fb on my S3 tablet. I click on a comment, my wall, anything....it kicks me out.....repeatedly!  I have emailed fb asking for help, no response from them. I have uninstalled this app and reinstalled days later, no better. I withheld from hopping on the fb crazy train for 10 yrs, now I wonder why I am a passenger at all!? Fix this mess, please!
Every time I try to get on it ... it crashes every moment
I dont know on how to use,when I log
Facebook
Constantly crashes on Galaxy Tab.  Shuts down if you try to navigate to anywhere other than the news feed.
Takes lots of time to load. Why separate messenger when you can integrate both in one app?...Expected something better from Facebook.
Ever since latest update fb keeps closing. on me. Very frustrating
It's cool.
GooD
Nice
Dumdaar
Diane
I can talk to my family and other parts of the country and i can always rely on it to be able to see what i want up to i love this app it hasn't failed on me once.  I hope everyone else has just as good of a rating as me this app is perfection
jar
Constantly freezes up and needs updates beyond my phones capacity... I'm on a standard lg android
GREAT
I don't want notifications every day for people making posts. They aren't tagging me and I'm receiving notifications for their posts and its annoying and I don't care. I don't want notifications for friend suggestions because its annoying and I don't care and if I wanted to be friends with them I would look them up. I don't want to see "top stories" because it makes more sense to see posts in chronological order. This app is and has been a mess and I wish I could delete my account if it wasn't for messenger
It's still keeps kicking me off during me looking or sharing stuff. it's still kicks me off needs to be fix
Great
Addis Ababa
Even after updating, this app crashes constantly! It crashes EVERY time I try to use it. So frustrating. Uninstalling. Tired of it locking up my phone. If I could give 0 stars, I would.
What is with this need to invade my privacy at a moments notice you shouldn't need to access anything you ask too. Kindly back off my $#!t thanks.
Everytime i finish watching a video the app freezes and resets my phone
Wwwsally.  Byrdcom,
Slow
What is Facebook. Someone tell me
This is good
Vggh
Reliable

Love you
It says the size is of 22MB but it always ends up using like 70MB! Now I can't download anything because of the amount of space this app uses
Its okay but it dosent show the notifications
Useful
Jst 3 star we hope 4 better. .
Very good
I did your lastest update now everytime i get on it freezes fix please or ill delete.. not worth the time
Can't Do without it lol
If the app does open, it closes the first time I try to post something. It started happening as soon as I deleted fb messenger. I'm absolutely no alright with fb messenger spying on me through my own personal camera. Fix the bs!
Very nice job
Better pictures
Facebook is very good for social activity.
Worst update ever in  using HTC desire 300 and nothing working since the update
X.X
Won't install
Nice
Stay connected!!!
It very nice app
When I go to a link to read it , it just goes to a blank screen.
During log out they always say just a moment or error connection so I made it again.
It force to install in internal memory not movable in sd card
What Nonsense!!!! The update has disabled the "custom " privacy settings,  delete comments... Why did you even make a updat..

simply do not like the new update
Ased ali
I updated Facebook but how do I text people without getting the messenger?
This last update has made it so I cannot post pictures...uninstalling and using the browser version.
IT GAVE ME A BABY
I have no flaws with Facebook
I can't downloled it
Great app. Lags sometimes and is still missing a few online functionality. Besides that, it's amazing.
Esd
St¡îr
Ok the best
Facebook
It always wanted me to install messager and I don't want to plz fix that
But it does the job
Had too stay logged in
Ok
Verry ezy to use
Wooooow i love facebook
Fine. I relent on my complaint about messenger no longer being within the Facebook app. While it's crap, I relent on my complaint about the top stories mode being the default, even though it auto refreshes to the top of the feed, completely wasting the time of people trying to enjoy scrolling down through the stories. But come on, get all the messaging crap out of the Facebook app if it won't do messaging anymore. Stop giving me message notifications on Facebook if you have to open messenger to clear them.
Liked it
Terbaik
Did I say fOrget I meant rEmEmber
U
Love te
Why is it that every time I follow a link in this app that when I return it updates causing me to lose my place?  I hate,,  hate,  hate that about this app.  Why not just offer a manual refresh option
This app will not work on my tablet wat so ever!!!!!!
Solo
It is i mean you can pick your friends you can get it if you and your friend to everybody
Perfect
Good
Is one of the biggest culprits of making my devices slow and klunky. However, the interface is intuitive enough. Main gripe is when going back from a link, it takes you all the way back to the beginning of the feed again.
Love It.
Love it sooooo bad <3<3<3
When uploading pictures and movies, I can't swipe the notification away from my screen like everything else after I upload anything. I have to go to application details and turn off notifications and Re enable so I can get notes about my comments.... Been waiting for a fix for a year.... Multiple phones and tablets on Android.
Cool
Getting better and better, haven't had any bad experiences yet, hope the new version will be as fun!
Love the way Facebook use to be. Don't like the new messenger app. Don't want to be forced to be spy'd on. May uninstall Facebook becauce of it.
Full of drama this is supposed to be about sharing family moments , love and life events but ppl turned it into hell
Since last update, issues opening links, photos and videos.
Network errors will ruin this app for me. On Nexus 4.
Facebook
Good app
Having hard time running my app. And can't watch videos half of the time .. Don't receive half of my messages when  someone sends them .. Please see what's going on ..!!!
Always freezes and force closes!!!!              :/
After update showing just a moment just a moment and nothing more
Excellent
Loyalty
You should update the old messenger back I dont like using facebook mesenger and I think that nobody else likes it aswell I would just use just 1 app instead of 2 I want to use facebook to chat instead of messenger so please change that back
Not user friendly in the slightest. Scrolling is extremely un-smooth, videos only play 75% of the video
Good one

Mere samsung  galaxy note 2 mobile se kisi bhi post se photo upload nahi ho raha hai. Plzzz... isko jaldi theek kare
Needs update or patch or something. I have had to FACTORY RESET my tablet to get it to respond properly. After patch update and bug fix lets try for no more updates. Why fix something thats not broken?
Need more fast conected with server.and more comfortabe acess

the app says no network... asks to log in...  doesn't open the login page...  overall pathetic.
Iloveit it so fun,
Light
Super
I hope it let me get it
Luv it
love it
So  boring. . Wtf
Keeps freezing.
news feed is coming y
Por esta aplicaci¨®n ya ni tengo memoria en mi celular, es muy mala,
Cool
JUST F---ING LOAD!!! SOO SLOW I have to set my account up soon much times
Facebook
Feb
Jjjjjj
The app used to be good before this, but, after the update, the app just keep on crashing and always becoming unresponsive almost all of the time...

My Android doesn't support the App, what a disaster. Sigh!
Nyc
If I find no way to switch it off or to get rid of it, I will have to erase all facebook updates again...
Exelent
i like facebook
Its owsme
Love itt
Wow
Star love
Good
Messenger app For facebook ? ??? We have whatsapp, telegraph, and others to do that. What is wrong with facebook ? They think they are Microsoft ?
I can't search without it throwing me out
It keep  u craaazy over yor  lover
Kepala Hotak kau sial
This app won't let me use the name I go by and won't accept the pass word I'm trying to use.
It's cool, working perfectly
Video causing app to freeze.
Jehanabad
They always look at our media and I'll call and information y
Since recent updates this app is junk and should be pulled from the play store till they get there act together, freezing, slow and many reboots, no problems with Google + which has way more features.
It was great  not anymore.
New messenger sucks....you are not going to force me to install that junk and you are not givin me chance to see personal msgs....Buy FB
I can't use my home page.   It kicks me out.  I can use News, but not my personal home page since the latest update.  Please fix!!!
Sohelkhan
After installing your update, it keeps on showing "setting up" and "just a moment". When I closed it and reopen it, it only shows a gray screen and then my phone will notify me that this facebook app is not responding.. What the hell is happening now?! This is so buggy! Please fix this immediately!
Great
It's ok
Sucks!
It would be good
Best site ever
It uses loads of ram on my phone you would think this app would use less as it's built into most of our phones
I can't get ahold of friends it's making me angry... -_-
Needs option to share videos through messenger like you can do with photos
Loved Facbook
Fecbook
Good app fasho!!!!
Ghh
Good
Very very good aps
Terbaik
Its grt
nice
I like this
everytime I open a link...the app crashes when I return to it again.
It is just too big its use more then 100mb in my storage it is too much and i cant give more then 2*
Splendid
Works well
Its k
Love it
So this is what reality feels like
Face + book *****
you said IMPROVEMENT?where did you get that word?setting up facebook,then f0rce close?you better close it forever!

I liked the little number notification alert I got when I was on another page or profile.
Paikekar
I simply cant live without it <3<3<3
Why in the world would you remove the popular messenger part in Facebook.   It makes no sense.  Not installing your separate messenger app.   Already have one installed outside facebook,  don't need another.
Jeah
Good
The browser interface is arguably better.
Nice
Can't read my messages, can't see full chronological news feed
Always crashing for no reason.
Force me to download messenger, hate it
Every time I'm on my fb it freezes then makes me force it closed!!!!!! This app gets worse after every update!
Sometimes is very helpful and sometimes fun!!
Angel Garcia
E um bom app mas tambem trava muito.
Wow!The app is very nice!
Tis a rather nice little app. I like to see my grandchildren.
It's a very nice app....
When I open my facebook account, it automatically says that I dont have connection even if I am widow connected..fix this thing please...
I loved
Ok
The app has far too much insight into what your doing and although I agree certain words should flag up so that crime can be looked into I feel facebook is turning into a real life 1984, you should be able to use facebook without feeling like you are being monitored
good
It good
Nice
Good
Like
It is very good app
Connecting friends
Hai
Good for s4
Unexpected close ... again & again problem... Error while loading dp 
Love it
Nice
Very helpfull
Its running even with out the net cooll but he need update
Good
9157380971
Good app .all are used this app
langlang
Khmer Khmer
Gud
Very nice
Fb
Azanbutt
Faceboo
Gud
I down load the facebook when i open this app its only shows setting up and just a moment what is this ??*plz fix this
I can not update
Yeah, we know how to access the recent feed. The fact that it's not the FIRST thing we see is the issue. And you're still not listening to your users.
Sweet,  need copy option
Super
Facebook messenger is forced on us problem it tales over your phone.I hate it and if continues will cancel my FB account poor form FB poor form n bad manners
I like it.
It is cool
Good app
Hi
I'd like to unfollow a post from any post. I'm glad you can unfollow some posts, but I'd like to be able to choose not to be notified even on pictures. It gets tiring going down into the vault to turn off a notification.

Good
When I upload a photo from my phone it makes two identical post... It's ok for me to go and delete one but sometimes I'm too late :p I wanna see all comments and likes on one post xp :)

Just handy
I like
Drained 65% off my battery in four hours and I wasn't using my phone.
n
Iii
Great appp lolxxx
Not downloading Facebook messenger,  it's stupid,  I just need it like old times when I didn't need an app just to message friends and family!?!
*-*
Un belible
Very pooor that we cant imagiene
my chat list does not refreshing auto, to refresh i want to force close the app and reopen again... please fix it soon, 
Love
Text copy nhi hota app se browser se hota hai is per b kya jae pls.
Sumesh
Overall awesome. .
Love it
Awesome..
why they force us using that sheet??  it was fine before, now sux!
You would think that eventually they would figure out how to cache pictures and not reload them EVERY time, but nooooo! Also, why not search within groups instead of eating time scrolling through weeks and months of posts? Why only search for people and pages, I want to find a specific post. Still sucks.

Is nice to
Fantastic
Can't hide pages from my newsfeed
Amiin abubakar
I love it xx xx xx xx xx xx xx xx  cccccccccccccccc
Facebook...gets me up in the morning and puts me to bed every night
Thanks
Zakir shah
Application is crashing while trying to enter new status
Medium range and the app was loaded
Sajjad akbar
Cute
Does what it says.
Kot
Pls, my device not login facebook as pic below .
Loved it
Bt tk tm
very poor always asking close force very poor updating plzzzz fix ik its not improvment
it's great, i love it.....
video player is not good
Nice facebook
After last up date on my galaxy tab 3 it just keeps closing and wen it does work I try send txt and crash again sort it out guy's
I use Facebook in so many ways. The app really helps me use it better on my phone. Few bugs, but nothing that ruins the experience.
Super
Lovely
I like this Facebook app its pretty good!
Its cool but takes of most of my space on my memory card
Nice
Facebook keeps trying to add more intrusive garbage to their mobile app and the quality has degraded severely. I had to remove the app to keep my phone from crashing and rebooting every few minutes. Pass.
Its faster than it is on the internet!!!
This
This app doesn't allow me to post or view notifications without shutting down.  I have uninstalled and installed the app a few times to the same results.  It does not work.  Bring back one of the older versions that did work.
plz fix...always crash

awsome
safir 28
Tabs is even better i love u all guys..!
Ok
Why doesnt it give the option of saving the app to my sd card. It takes up enough room on my phone as is and would free up so much space if it would just let me save it to.my sd card instead of phone
I am really exhausted because it keeps on crashing ! Can u please resolve this problem ? Fix this please
I love it
ni
I'm getting sick of Facebook constantly notifying me about Messenger and Instagram.  I don't want those apps.
It's OK
You need to sort the reply threads out. There's no differentiating. It's a guessing game.
About 3 times a day my Facebook freezes, and I have to restart my phone to unlock it.
Good
C
Verygood
This app is completely useless to anyone with a Galaxy Tab 3. It crashes every 30 sec. Do not even bother downloading if thats what you want to run it on.
Hello g
Good
It's great
You cannot use this app. It crashes at least every 5 minutes if not sooner. It is no longer a good way to keep in touch with old friends nor relax! This app is so infuriating that it has made me consider deleting my fb all together!
its ok but it made my phone slower ..
Won't let me open pages in my own browser (letting me use my own extensions), takes over with its crappy one as of recently.  Also removed messaging functionality that I won't replace with their separate app (when this one could handle it fine).
Nice apps to communicates w/our friends &loveones wherevere we are...
Why is fb running so slowly it is horrible. Thought it was my phone or carrier until I spoke to someone else having the same problem with a different carrier. So that leaves me to believe it is fb it freezes up its just not what it was a year ago what is going on it is very crappy right now.
How to upload a hd video by this app? There's no option to make that happen
Sundaresan
KEEPS CRASHING
It's a good idea co'z i meet my old friends easy!!
Id love it s0 much
Love d new mode of Fb suberb....
Nice
I would like it if I was able to straight away see the replies to my comments. Specially on pictures with loads of comments.would really appreciate that.
Otuoryytrt
Cool
Thanks
Nice
Facebook
Wonderful
Its ok to check info.its a older versions n
It wont let me installl it
Very bad not able to access in my fb
Good job
Thanks..I'm In!
Thanks.
I don't like the idea that I have to download the messenger app!! At all!!!
SOMETHINGS ON IT IS A RUDE AND SHOULDNT BE SEEN BY CHILDREN AND NOT TRUE
always having to uninstall  and re- install. won't log out. getting tired of it fix the problems!
Everytime I get on here, it's so slow. I'm not sure what happened. It was never this slow before! It looks like you have A LOT of negative feedback, can you please work on fixing this app? I'm not sure how you got a 4.0 for ratings.
Good going
Can you pls. Fix it now i can't load my news feed and i can't see all the pictures...
Nice
I think it so stupid that you can't view or send messages from this app unless you download a mess anger app what's the point in even having a message option that you can't use unless you download another app
Due to Facebook wanting to much access to thing they don't need about to delete Facebook and be done with it I like the little bit of privacy we did have! :(
I love it
Good for netizens
Best friend for me
Nice
When we connected to WiFi it always play videos automatically plz fix it
I alwyz use fb
Fak
Vvary
Never shows the correct time of the photos uploaded by my some friends or pages....It alwaz shows 'just now'...Really f**kin hated it....
baik
Old version Was better
It's ok for ....

Fast :-) xd
Change from top stories to most recent? I'm tired of getting posts from 24+ hours ago from pages that I like. Fix this ASAP!!!
Freezes all the time and then shuts off on you and you press one button and it don't press the right one.
Monirul
Please fix the bugs, the app keep close itself when I open group or post.. And also in random session
What would be awesome is if I can access my other folder from the app. That's the only thing I can't do that I want to do!
Isa
Yo yo
Rating
Because i dont like it.i would prefer to view my private messages only on this app. Thank you.
Taking up all my memory! Forced me to use messenger they say is faster & isn't! If I could give zero stars, that is what they would get from me!!! Terrible!!! Posted this same thing last night & this morning I had to do it over again, cause the rating I gave last night was gone!!! Guess they don't like all the bad ratings!!! Also sent report to them & got NO response!!!
awsame app
Takes a ton of memory and is way too slow. On full 4G, it can take 1 minute to pull up the notifications tab. A mobile app should make navigating the full website faster and more efficent; not slower.
Great
Nice
Thanks

Great
Good
If I want to see my messages I have to install the Facebook Messenger??  wtf are you kidding me?! 1 star.
00001111
Dont like the updated its laggy
Slowly not surely
It smoothies this facebook for Android. It tested as the beautiful app.
Nic
it,s best
I download my Fb.but after 2hrs just nothing pls.my some one is hate me what happened.
Very first
Very good
Good app! :)
All i well
Good
I like
Not able toh download on my phone Sony E1. Plzz fix the problem
Every second time it showing error
Yes
It keeps not responding recently. Please look forward to this issue and do something about it
Its pretty good it dosent lag and it shows every thing you should totally get it
liked it
Book moon
Niru000005
Cools
I agree with the latest software  but still I have issues with update
Don't get too carried away and get addicted to the App and let the Public know where you are, where you're going and don't keep updating your Status all the time.
Fantastic
Fix it!
It's really comfortable
Faster,loved it
Realy
M in love with it..
Nicr dude
I love being on Facebook but when i try to listening to videos I can see it but can't hear it, and yes I have the sound turned up but still no sound!! So what's the problem and the reason??
New update won't let it open. Absolutely does not work. After 5 times restarting it I finally got it to open.
Good but u should be able to change ur profile pic , also force closes somtimes

Get rid of the in app bit were it loads links up its useless doesnt work properly dosnt let u scroll half the time rediculous was so much better when it just opend in my normal browser dosnt even give me the option now !
Facebook is the the favaurite social networking app for all
Every time I open this app, it crashes everytime. Please Fix this....
When i press on facebook app it never loads up for me to sign in
This app often freezes and the cuts off gaving u to relog-in loosing valuable time and yoyr place. Likewise, loosing your thought of writing.(i.e. U hafta start your whole thought pattern and intended post from beoinning)
Nic
Wants me to update but says not enough space & videos doesn't play! Now my notifications doesn't work!
Just the same. Why? Can U fix this? Always having an Expectedly Stopped. Whats wrong with this App.?
But lag at times
But it was very slow same time facebook not responding plz wait ext...........
It lets me stay connected to people from miles away
Agar is apps me chat show karta to aur v acha hota
Thanks
Nice
A wee bit faster than the original
I updated it but now the App keeps crashing... keep saying setting up Facebook then just a moment
No complaints here. I get my notifications on time. The new messaging feature is great.
Beautiful
Most apps update to consolidate various apps and save space, but Facebook no longer supports messaging, despite that being a valuable part of the network. Now you have to install a whole new app...which, by the way, has ridiculous permissions.
Ok
O my...
gjkfo
Keeps shutting down since the update i can be looking at something and it will just close out
After i updated it i log in  and then it crashes fix it if possible please
King
I love f .......k
I'm living it

Why i cannot block somebody? When i want to block the person, it said that "there is a problem blocking this user. Please try again later." Please fix it...
Facebook messanger
LG mobile
Hebat
I use the app daily but I still have to use a Desktop for some things on fb that arent available on the app. For example the app won't let me search for a post inside a group. And today the app wasnt working at all so I had to delete and redownload
Easy to use
Kishore
i like it its really good
..:)
really liked it!
Friends. & Family :-*
Best app ever...and ever...
The new update keeps freezing and shutting down on me.
Should have a option to download photos
On Note2 application starts to load feeds then just closes by itself
Good Apps
Cool
5059
The previous update is too slow..
It's addicting and a great way to stay in touch with family you never see!
Doug Taylor said that the government has a new study by researchers from the university of California and I think that this is a great way to get the government to take advantage of California
If  you like your privacy don't download this app. Facebook now asks your permission to read your text messages contacts list and recording devices,  which means they can watch you wherever your phone or tablet is.
noooooo!!!
Plzz dont place only mind of its quality..plzz improve the features Quantity..copy wall post..please  give
Love is in the air and nothing we cannot do
Works great
What happened? Why does it keep crashing in my device? Used to run Facebook perfectly. fix it now
Every time I try to post it crashes.   I only have this problem with my tablet.
Hate having to have messenger.  Uses to much data!
Loving it
I can't login,   I need help?
While I am going down my news feed the whole app just closes out.  It has done this on several occasions.  Then when I go back out I can't start off where I left off, very irritating.
Cant scroll dwn wit out it crashin on me its loosin rep fast plz fix
Cool
K
A lot... A whole lot
Nice software but now very bore
It keeps freezing up on me. And giving me a message saying that Facebook has stopped working. It lags my phone and has become more hassle then good.
Very slow makes a million update without any change
Awesome
Home
Nice
Awesome
Frekly
Good social media
Awsome :3 :)
Slow... grey screens at start up. Then times out or shows not responding message. Update?
Have to say that this latest update is crap. Now hangs all the time and reboots itself.  Wtf.
Sadhana sivani
V
I cant download it
So good..
Although i recon you should be able to download vodeos strait from your newsfeed or a page that would be pretty cool.
nice
Gud 1
Hahaha
I can download image when i update this ..
I deleted the app because I can't msg my friends on the facebook app or unless I downloaded the messanger! I don't need the meesanger when I have the facebook app that gives me notices when I get a msg! JUST STUPID!!!!
Love this apps
hate
Good
Good
Nice app
Facebook is awsome
Facebook
Good after the update
1
Everything was fine until this morning, one update and the app is now useless, won't even start, honesty what are you thinking!!???
Simply doesn't work since updating. Have reinstalled twice but app simply wont load. Since FB went public, these problems are becoming more the norm than expection for this app. Very disappointing.
Crap
Best social network ever ...
Best social media site
I love it
What is this...? It doesn't allow me to log out. And sign in with another account...
It's nice, but taking too much space on my phone. Each times i re-download it (for some reason i have to del it), it'll get bigger and bigger and bigger! Really annoying, please stop enlarging it.
LABLU9876
Yergaalem sertsay
Good
Awesome
Its really nice 
works well. However wish they would make up their mind once and for all how they will have the chat integrated or not
Bdohntan
It's slow on 3G also.
nice
Sexxyyy
Ever since I updated it has been failing at even loading the app without crashing. So annoying. Facebook. Please. Get your sh** together.
Very good aap n i love fb
Too much fun!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! This is fun blast
It's great to be able get intouch with people all over the world.

better for sociaty
Nice to have it!
All
Shut down on me
Nice
Its an excellent appp...
Crashing & load slow  Don't install

Gives error sometimes and closes:@
U should make it better msg notification is too late
Fantastic
Badass as always ;)
Good!!!
Update to be Updated
Anni

This app is constantly crashing when I use it on my Samsung Tab.  I use my tablet for EVERYTHING & this is very annoying. I cannot maneuver around any of my pages without it crashing. This needs to be fixed quickly!
I cannot download
nice
Pls make this update
Make my phone not responding
Its annoying it keeps closing the app by its self please fix this a-s-a-p
§¢§â§Ñ§å§Ù§Ö§â§í §Ù§Ñ§ß§Ú§Þ§Ñ§ð§ä §Þ§Ö§ß§î§ê§Ö §Þ§Ö§ã§ä§Ñ
Fantastic application. I like it....
Cool
Thank u
It always load for to long.,sometimes i can't open the app fix please.
Is verry ha nsome
Best app for all your social media
Facebook
good
Latest update (9/25/14) has constant GPS location updates every 5-10 seconds and hoses your battery.
Apps
Jaganga
Needs too many unnecessary permissions.
From time to time
Like using college ruled paper for the first time.
This app now randomly closes on its own. This app now has connectivity issues and loads for a long time no matter if on wifi or 4G with full service. Sometimes opens to a grey screen. Just about useless. It used to be close to perfect but with the last update its very buggy.
Love you facebook
It keeps crashing all the time. I un-installed and reinstalled and now its worse. Please fix this asap
;)
Awesome
This app slow the cell speed which have 512 mb of ram :-(
Can not get rid of the repetitive display of instagram photos! So many photos that I want to mow down staff of this app with an AR15!!
Tapan patra
Every time I try to click on something it crashes.  Very frustrating!  Please fix!
Very nice
Very good
Use daily love it
Love it
Update won't actually load.. Just force closes.. Would have thought this would have been properly tested before release
Please fix watching video bug
Good
It is awesome but it gets lagged sometimes
Not happy because the phone is pupuno
I Like this that to go to Google just to open my Facebook 
Terima Kasih Semua
Sometimes shows me very old posts and fails to show the new ones but otherwise good.
This is the shittiest app I have. Freezes and closes every time you open it.
To bad
Perfect well done nd smart  ideas.
Nice App
Opens app, then closed immediately. Or closed after scrolling just a few feeds.
Loved the old version , it worked great ! The new version has some issues.please fix.
Love
J
Apps ta khub sundor
Looks like im not the only one with facebook crashing, sort it out you mob.
The app is too slow to respond.....n i prefer using it on my laptop..instead of using it on my cell....
Why always increase this mb size going 70 mb above & not open my fb plz solve quickly
Wow...I have no words to explain my self....this is wonderful app.
Since last update it has not worked properly on my Samsung tab 3. When I scroll, post or try to look at anything it closes and I have to re open all the time. Driving me Nuts.
Xfycs

It took like 5 minutes to open..
Faster
Why i cannot wiew my wall..fix this please i can't use it
Funtaskit
Teruk
Loved it
Nice  buhat acha hai
After updates I can never log into game apps. Since I spend money on them and can't play maybe facebook should refund me. Maybe then you will fix this thing like it should be.
Sexo awesome
Can't complain when it's free.... If it were $9.99 or whatever I'd voice my opinions
Many bugs, can't log in, I have to delete and install it again
This facebook app is nice
But sometimes I wonder especiallywhen i am to upload pictures i dont get it but it doesnt work out.
Ang bilis
Why this app updates frequently without any major change??????
After sometime i will be unable to login, happened twice already in less than 2 months.
Good
Post, message,and got news feed,, can!!!!
Use to like it. Now it has crashed more since the update then the whole time I've use it. And what happened to messaging? And I'm not using FB Messenger again, its crap!
Like it
Everttime I scroll down it just crashes after this last update its terrible.
Great app....
This app is really good for using fb otherwise we have to follow the first procedure.  It's nice.
YO YO
Apparently after the "update" messaging was removed and now to get at them on a phone you need another app. Makes no sense. Also, why in the hell do we need to access webpagesbfrom inside the app? Was opening them in the browser really that bad? That actually worked and didn't freeze when I tried to scroll down.
Florida state
Why havent you fixed this yet!? I cant do anything without this crashing or taking me back to the main newsfeed.
Overall app is OK, getting too much stuck ... Annoying me
Good way to meet people and keep in contact with family
Nice
That was super
Slow downloading
Facebook updated the app now I can't even get into Facebook via the Google play app, pleas fix whatever us causing this.
Good
Fb
Forcing the messenger app? And now when i click on the app i will be brought randomly to the app store for spam apps. This is crap
I love using this everyday.
I like
Nit functioning well.......
Plz reduce the size...
Rajmal Jain(Rajubhai barar)
Slow joke
nice app
Not good as i wise....
Namaha Shivay
Luvly app n friendly too
Hi
Soy momo dealbre que cuerda le puedan dar yo no soy Juan colorado pero soy michuacano
Superior
sometimes crash, make my phone lagging
Log
Terima Kasih Semua
Nice
Love
ATTENTION PROGRAM DEVELOPMENT TEAM YOUR RECENT UPDATES TO FACEBOOK AND MESSENGER IS CAUSING HIGHER LEVEL OF DATA USES FOR MY PHONE PLEASE REDUCE THIS BACK LIKE IT WAS BUT STILL GIVE US A BETTER EXPERIENCE FOR BOTH APPLICATIONS AND SERVICES....TO THE READER PASTE /POST THIS SO THEY CAN GET THE MESSAGE
Nice app....easy to use !
Good one
So good
Every time I use the new version of this app it continuously freezes!
Like it
My thing
Constantly crashes on tab 3. Ever since the messenger update it seems unstable.
It consumes way too much of memory,  if i compare it with other apps,  it eats up a lot of main memory.  I think it's better to use the mobile site rather than the app.
I  love  post  in  the  facebook   now
Facebook,such a big name in world and you people can't even make an app that's fully compatible! This app Facebook runs very very much slow and very frequently it shows 'Force Close'. Please resolve this issue Facebook,I hadn't expected this much from Facebook :(

Luvit
After the update it's not starting!
Hogs memory like no app does.
Cool.
Fentastic
Lately Facebook has been running really slow and force closing. I know it's not my phone as others have voiced this concern as well.
So slow. Isnt working properly.
Take long to sync!!Hardly works on 2g network...
Lost
No problems right now. We'll see in a few days.
It uses too much data package...lost of money..
It keeps crashing
At first it worked properly then after some days I opened my page and it freezed and after 2 minutes it said:                               Facebook has Stppped.              Okay.            Report.                       I relorted it 8000 times but still frozen...                                    Unistalled now reinstalling
Note 2
Likes to put posts up at the top of the news feed from 2 or 3 days ago get it right new news doesn't happen 3 days ago it happens now that's when I wanna know what happens
No longer use fb as much due to changes with fb messenger. Lost trust that you honor our privacy
Bad app.
Best
Nyc app...
Awesome
App keeps crashing on my phone... That needs to not happen...
ghxf
Works absolutely fine, I think perhaps they should merge the messenger app and this app together but I've got no problem with using two separate apps if it makes the experience better. Also add a reply button for comments and I'll make it 5 stars.
Excellent google its so nice to use
Facebook
super
Hey hey. Already gone viral
Its ok
Ishageet. Nice, hot,cool etc.
,, keeps crashing then a message will pop up rite before it closes itself out, please fix .... Update needed !!!!
I love you.facebook... I love its very mutch.
Good
Far an older version
Pleeease
This app freezes constantly.
Sajadshahir
123
The app keeps on crashing....plz fix it
I love fb
Blocks messaging and forces you to install Facebook Messenger instead. I'd rather not, since that app has severe privacy issues.
Nice
I hate it. Because I changed my name and now I can't change it. I need to wait 60days before I changed my name again. Please, fix this. 20 days is okay. 
Love U
I Installed It ON My Tablet BUt When I OPenned,It Was Just LOading And LOading And Then Stuck Please Fix THis
Ilovedthisgameitisveryinstrectungthanks
Won't stop Crashing
Very gd
Updated now I can't open Facebook just keeps saying setting up wish I would never updated
After the last update it keeps freezing and crashing. I have to reset my phone just to get back in. This is very annoying
Bt vary Slow .... Incres the speed ....
Awesome
Uses too much MB, i can't have anything else on my phone now. What in the world happened? 6 mos ago the app only used 35MB, now in uses at least 90MB and the app doesn't seem any diff then the older version.
Facebook
Since the last update this app crashes to home screen 50% of the time on a Nexus 5. Used to be good tho ;)
OLD version
Good one,but still need a improvement
Fb is common to every child to elder person in todays time....So d app is awesm.....!!!!
Cool ones
Great app
Tried many times, get stucks after downloading 22.07 MB
Good
The app is good but the updated version is not.. it hangs or logged all the time... it always says "setting up facebook" then "just a moment".. it took almost 15 minutes then it will say "facebook is not reponding"..
Separate app? OK, but not ideal.
I can not download it. Help
It is dam good
Everytime i try to open a post it kicks me out, all since the latest update.
It make me laugh and make my life happy
I blame llc xix hysteria I like it
Its grate but it takes touch space.              It takes109 mb way to much I could download like 3games with that memory
Goood
Kapag lang gnagawa fb lang hahaha
Yhangki
it is very very very very very useful
It keeps crashing and FB cant or wont fix it!
just good
I like it
Not down load an errors came 927.
Nice
I'll give 5 stars when you can go offline only from the mobile chat instead of both.
I cant install. Why? Fix it please. Wtf he say error cose? Erghhh
Its good to hear that they don't force people to install their crappy messenger anymore. I hope they didn't trap me only for temporary time being.
K
Nice App
Since most recent update its worst. Keeps crashing, freezing my cell, cant write comments... going try uninstalling then reinstall. .
Starting this morning, my newsfeed is full of hundreds (I don't know how many...after an hour of scrolling I haven't found the end) of posts from every news person or organization around the world. I haven't "liked" any of them.
Please fix it ! Once I open it will appear "setting up facebook" then "just a moment" and then it will close ! I just updated it . And it happens !
Evergreen
Play boy
Keeps crashing
Very   very   exeleent
Nice Working in my galaxy note..
Very Good for cammunucation.uploading comments etc
Facebook
Good
M
It's always closing as soon as I tap on something within the app.
good
Very good
Big company, bad programmers...
Enjoy everyday
Since downloading this app battery life has been horrible. I can't make it through an entire day without recharging.
This app sucks! HATE being forced to dowload the messenger app, it sucks too! FIX IT ALREADY!!!
Guyz nice day.
Bhai ram ram
FACEBOOK
I
Cool app
Updated fast but too large
Excellent
It is very useful
Thumbs up :)
Nice
Get app just wish me didn't have to use massager
Broke,  broke,  broke
After an automatic update a few days ago, the app won't open at all. It shows the starting page but then closes itself. Help!
Please looks for a Bug due I  can not initiate since the latest version.
I like dz app.
It is slow sometimes
Shresht
Abozaky
Average.very glitchy and no new look as stated.
I'm having problem with both Facebook and Messenger apps. It doesn't connects at all. This problem started since today.
Good

Keep up with family an friends on it
Closes everytime I use it
I love this app, but it does not go well with messenger.
I love this app
I have no idea what happen today to my Facebook. Everytime, middle of checking my news feed, it keep on lacking and afterwards it has the Faceboom has stopped.
I get head while doing this
Copy paste support is not provided. Cannot copy or share texts that appears
Bisht
Nice ...
Crashes all time. Need an update
Good but work slowly i have same problem youtube
Good
Very nice
Ad
Good One
Almost every time I open it force closes. So much irritating.  Pls fix it...
Best
Nice apps.
2525
It's amazing...
Nice
Constant freezing on HTC one
I already updated it and yet it keeps on crushing ! When i open the app it keep on "Setting up Facebook" and "Just a moment". Seriously? What's the update for ?
I think very Good software
I set refresh to never, it still refreshes at only the worst times. Very frustrating. Good fix on the browser, thank you.
Its rubbish plan an simple keep frezing an stops responding then just turns of
Facebook
Why is it that you guy's have to update so much. You take up our space on our phones to the point where we can't update facebook anymore. You also keep changing things. What, your developer for the app can't ever decide what to keep on or take off? This is really getting to all of us. Why can't you just leave things alone. To tell you the truth, its getting worse and not better. Look at the responses your getting back here!!!
Keeps crashing and it won't allow me to install it now!
It takes too much data in comparision of other browser
Keeps freezing solid, only way to get phone and Facebook working again is to restart the phone
Aranas
I like it will be more  some use
Downlowd it
It's like big brother they watch u through ur own camera and have control over ur device or fone DONT DOWNLOAD
Nice this apps
This facebook app is really slow if it was a little faster i would've rated it more. Simple as that
Dada
Good
Nice
Its good to have it
Good
Sorry I didn't give you 5 star
It's loading every picture and updates very slow. Quite frustrated. Fix it please.
Con chat with our frnds
Love Facebook if it would load faster
Loved it
Always getting crashed.....
..it is nice and i like it so much...but pls. update this.
Sometimes it always hung up and says facebook is not responding
Still Needs A Proper Fix NOW!!!
Its ok! But too much space :/
Its slow and never loads. Please fix.
Its very nice
its a good aap to destroy ur precious time
Its nice... :)
Amaaazing app i like it ..

Great
Facebook
Fb browser loves us
Its really good and i get to post pictures even though im offline thank you..
I have not got the code so how l can open the Facebook. Its all discusting. I want the code
Facebook is Facebook, I love the inbuilt browser, seems kind of cool and apt for Facebook
Good
Thgujh
Awsm
Uninstall, new format of lowlife.
Always crashed when I try to open a page .
Too good love it
loved it
whn i update latest version after tht the prblm strts n now i feel totaly irritated frm this loging prblm it takes a long time to strt facebook n after waiting for a long time it shows tht session failed n three options display on screen facebook force close,wait n report n i will use all these three option one bye one even i report this prblm to facebook but no result still here is this prblm stands plz try to clear this prblm management
123456
The app says I have a notification when I don't and no matter what I do I can't get it to go away.
Good
Crashes constantly. Takes up much space.
Good
just amazing
Ttt
So cute
Gajju
My messenger works but ever since you updated facebook last night it won't work.
Awesome app for android
Excellent application
Very bad
Keeps crashing on my galaxy tab
nice
[ ]
Burit hampa
Uae,
Buro
This app sux so much dick that it apparently can't run/work even with nothing on my phone and full service, why don't u design something to actually blow dick cause u guys got that down without trying
New version spys on you and gets all your personal info and sends it to Santa Claus.
Hm..syok gila..
Return messenger to main app
Because it amazing yo share chats with friends
Every time I open the app, a Farmville2 advertisement takes me to the app store. Very annoying. Overall, the app works fine.
Hola disfruto de mi faceb
Amazing
This app is very good app compared with others
Stupid new feed! I've selected 'most recent'for new feed. Yet it shows post that my friends updatesd few days back. Forced close unexpectedly.
Its very good for social networking
Hanging problem
Most lovely man
always force closing.. hmmmn! I really hate this app..
App freezes very often & shows 'Facebook is not responding'!! F***ing update occurring this :@
Ok
Super but ok.......k
It constantly crashes and is so slow i cant even open it half the time
IT IS SO AWESOME
could be better
News feed
I love Facebook I can chat with my friends and share my posts...
Enjoyable
Its really sad to give this rating u guys still need to improve this application in many areas. We can't use all setting and why tge hell its so slow even on 4g lte connection.  Do something before people start to remove this...
Gud
Very Nice
Force close when browsing the news feed -_-
shakilmansuri
Honolulu
Nice
from the many of year facebook combinding us together and lauching new file as well
I already have this fb app.And now I have to install the messenger app!!!WHY!!!!!
Its good... its great actually.. !!
I updated my tablet and now everytime i go to view a profile it closes.  :(
Loading forever
Everything was ok since last update. Trouble loading,taking too much time.... Sometimes closing automatically. Fix it please
fb.me/wasim.haider.52090
Downloa
Its so slow
1. I REFUSE to install the messenger app.2.Facebook keeps crashing on my tablet.
superb
Very very godd app
125mb....
Loading always..i feel erritated
Its plays up I hate thw message inbox
Good
:-)
Sooooo Gooooood
Nice
Good

Bakwas. Videos can never be played.
Kept crashing and would show notifications like 2 hours later
Ok FB Fairies...I need the ability to organize, move, rename, crop & edit photos in my album through the app!!! I'm rarely on the desktop anymore & sometimes you just wanna better organize memories rather than just saying I have a gazillion "MOBILE UPLOADS"! This is a tough one but I know you can do it Facebook Fairies!! ;-)
After i update it ,when i open my newsfeed its always close aftr a seconds pls fix it i cant use it
Yeah aaha I think its very nice I loved it
Everytimg I try to use FB on my tablet it crashes. Even trying to write this review it has crashed 3 times! What the heck!? Grrr!
It great thing that it download very fast i
When i click on install and it goes through the procedure but just before its completed it keeps saying "error message '-24'" ... please help cause i use facebook every day
Keeping crashing!
Review
This app is awsome it can do anything hahahaha
After last update the app won't start anymore
Awesome.....
So good!
Nice , easy to handle , because in my xbox one , ps4 and ps3 , hard to handle.
You're missing the custom option when creating a status.
My favourite app
Very bad
Hard to log out
It takes too much space and is very slow......otherwise it's a gud app...
Apps
Great apps
Cant be moved to sd
Smtimes...it doesnt show evn if sme msg is der...n if we dun wnna use facebook messnger den y hve u guys chnged the settings...n made its compulsory use...
Awsm Fb
Just awesome
Thet
Why facebook always update everyday???
Good
Thanks
Very nice
Ilike it.but sad to say..I don't have freecall yet..
These updates are ridiculous.  FB needs to lower the amount of space this app takes up.
great
Nice app. I love the new update.
I want to updated my samsung glaxay s 3 any hent
Good messenger
The feeds are never updated correctly.
Manmohan
dounload
Good app for me
Shilu
Facebook
Super
This update is fucking absolute shit
always updating wd nothing bothering a lot UNINSTALL!!!!!
astig
Gafoor sabithawayanad
i have a great problem...with this app...it is a vogus app....when i am received any imege...it shows on every where...without facebook app...so.. this app is not good...very bad app....time & data wasting app it is ...
Nice
Hate the new Facebook its horrible
Love it
100 mb seriously
Thnx a lot facebook !!!
Soooo good app.....

Good
Samsung S5
Lornalyn pitas
Always crashes ........
Crashes constantly!
love of king
Dhairya Makheja
My name is Mohammad Yunus
Every time I open my newsfeed it immediately shuts down.
When I Open The Facebook Messenger App From My Phone, There Comes The Green Dot with My Profile.This Same Problem IS With The Facebook App.... Please Fix This..... Thank You.
Awsm aap nd awsm work
Love it
facebook
I think it is even better
This app is good to communicate but fix some bug while try to upload
It's great but I don't like the position of the status bar.
Facebook should be in order of times it makes no sense when you can see something that happened yesterday in one post and then underneath something that was posted 20 minutes ago. Also the bringing you back up to the top when your in the middle of your news feed is very annoying!
Have fun
Ok
It is very amazing please download it
Noticeable performance improve, faster loading time in general, but I notice some minor bug here and there especially on notification. One more thing must be improve, it is photo viewer, if I browse a photo from someone photo gallery (even my own photo gallery) I have no idea who's the owner unless you see the photo from news feed or user timeline (before tap the photo to view it in fullscreen). It seems the photo viewer doesn't have owner information at all and it's to bad. Pls fix this.
Wow good App
After update the app. Closing
Updte k bad bakwas he
Drops are nonstop. Can't stay on more than a few minutes and it shuts down. Hate it!
nice
Its waste to open ....if i open it it shows settingup n then just a moment for a long time.... n did not opens WHY...?
If I can get into my account
M luving it
Nice!
Facebook
What an Excellent app using samsung Galaxy S4
Sooo
Can switch off notification!!
It is the bla bla communication for the people
Pooya
ok
I would give it five stars bit the last update you had is horrible it constantly tell me facebook is not responding and it force closes on me constantly please fix this.
Kampala
Awesome
Many Times I UnInstall this App., and many times I Install this. Nw Try again To Install, hope ths will be ok nw, and I can continue to use this App.
Love it
For a billion dollar company they shouldnt be having as many problems with this app as they do. They keep adding unnecessary stuff to it instead of fixingvthe problem. It runs too slow, has glitches and shows u posts from two days ago and calls that newsfeed it up to date. Bullshit! I have plenty of ppl who post everyday and never get to sercthe current post til a day later. Save urself the time and hassle dont download this app.
Urghh
Facebook is not opening in my new micromax canvas knight phone showing  again and again error in connection and not updating regularly pls fix the problem
Takes a lot of battery charging.
Nice
I want to be able to block individual people from seeing a post when I make one
Awsm social app
Md..abd..awal
Ali
I can not log in news feed
Absolutely TROLL
nice app...!!
Simranjeet kour
Okay, but FB sucks for privacy.Dont install messenger
V
It is fantastic
FB keeps crashing, this had been happening for a few weeks now.
i can't download it, Why  ? ;(
App takes more data than browser Facebook
I am satisify
Pasumpon singam grops

Gud
Setting up fb? Pls fix it.
after the new version upgrade, it became slow and freezes my phone until I uninstalled it. it uses too much data. I hate it, I'm no longer enjoying it! !!!!!!
Get it
App constantly freezes and doesn't open shared links. No matter what, whenever this app is updated there is something always front with it.
Its very fast...
Abhishek. KUMAR
Kavisah ladhani
It to easy to chat
I have s2
Its so hungry
This app is worst not working properly on my note 2.
My best freind facebook app

always a pleasure '''runs smooth'''very niice app
I love the fact that I can keep up with my Family & Friends.
arunparru
Won't stop refreshing. Sh*t.
Nice app
Aryan
Very nice app it is good work
Md Jamirul Islam
Mayra rojas
Good
ydiet
Where did the move to sd features go this app is way too large picks up over 112mb ob storage  please fix
Fb needs to b improve alot i hv been trying to log out but it ds nt nd den i hv to uninstall it nd again instAll i hv fn dis 8 times nd nw i m just fed up
No HD photos Upload Option and Still no Copy options really Bad
great
Baik
Good
Dh
Album is not available !!!
Its nice but it can not copy and paste please do something about it
Very good
Picture of landscape helpers at my home establishing new landscape
Mainly that I can't change news feed to 'most recent' its constantly on 'most popular'!!!
App s gud..
Amazing app
Forcing me to download Facebook messenger!
Saqartvelo123
Keeps crashing.... PLease fixed it
097859618
Galaxy s3
Gud
Wow like it soooooooo much
Just like it
Good 1
DRIVER
Games
forced messenger app is whack
Also tessto Gunnar
Luv this application
Plz Change selection of a picture to gallery. .. because it very difficult to find picture frm all together... give an option to select picture from specific folder by folder
I couldn't watch videos anymore after updating.
I AM UNABLE TO DOWNLOAD FACEBOOK THROUGH PLAY STORE GETTING ERROR MESSAGE AS 24 KINDLY CHECK AND GIVE ME THE REASON FOR 24 ERRROR?
app is very lovely fb work very fast
I can barely do anything without it crashing
Like
Keeping up with family and friends. I don't like being forced to have to download the messenger app.. Am considering deleting my account.
It says my email isnt linked to any account its crap ive used it before and it was fine now its not ive tried uninstalling it clearing everthing on the app and it still wont log me in its shit do sumthing please .
amazing
Unbelievable
Nice app for easy connectivity.....
No need to comment on this revolutionary app
I  just love it.
Can't download
Facebook is best
Just loved it....
So nice
first
nice
Keeps freezing then restarts, when I go to most recent it doesn't show me any of the most recents, when I go to top stories it shows me like 5 most recents then like week old stuff. I'm seriously considering deleting it. Instagram is just as helpful keeping up to date but without all the complications and ads.
Singh
Awesome but make the migga bytes/gigga bytes down abit
Its nice or easy too easy
Bk
I love it
Takes forever to load and keeps saying Facebook isn't responding waste of time
CoooL.
Love it~ Thanks facebook~
I like so much
Good
I loved the backgrounds and format style of the old version .. The new one is good but not as good as the old ones
Keeps crashing. I have to login everytime.
This is very best Abb for socialising
Almost
Wonderful
Installed kit kat update amd now facebook wont install on my sony experia????pleade help!
Really its osam
Super:)
Love it
Narayan
Good
I love Facebook...
Mast hai yaar
Over the years I have relocated between states frequently and made hundreds of new friends. However, after months of wondering why I no longer see old friends activities it has been brought to my attention that we are intentionally being limited to only seeing friends to which facebook deems as being important enough. I find this to be a horrible leap backwards as it contradicts the whole point of a social "network". I am however ecstatic to discover that friends I thought were dead are still alive.
five stars
Very good application and very easy to use.
It was great to check every thing in one app. I find it ridiculous to force people to download something when checking msgs on the FB app worked just fine. No point in keeping this app when you can't do everything on it as well as it just mostly lags on you
Loved it.
Disappointed
Awesome
1234567
Slow load
Please fix this problem
I love facebook I guess it can load pics better and videos faster and better but overall its pretty good
Sharing issue....
Sweet happiness
If a friend comments on a post that has thousands of likes and comments you have to scroll though them all to find it - the notification should give you the comment as well as the link through to the post...
Now I can't use fb for half of my needs - sharing. App deleted of course , not gonna use this ridiculously tyrant messenger. On top of it, the new auto video feature is such a waste of broadband it's actually insulting the users.

Facebook
Good Application
Who are you
Vrry sexy app
Its work awesome
Nice
Awesome ¡î¡î
Romeowilson
I hate this app
Parmar
It sucks with android kitkat os
Dis app joins frnds ...n osam app ....
Free Facebook
it is easy to chat nice loving it bcoz of u
it's ok...work....
One of my favorite app luv it 
Pretty good but a few bugs
Verry good
Ok
All feeds and statuses are not updated!! 2 to 3 days before i see important details about the people i want to read. Fix this!!! It is very annoying!!
Ang pogi pa
nice
Good apps
Super
I really  liked it very much.
Bestt
It is a great application
Fantastic
Very good.
Superb
Very good
Im giving it a 4 because i have had Facebook before and it was great. But this wont let me back on.
Facebook. browser.
I never wanted this ap I never use Facebook but cant uninstall it
Like it so much
Hij
Good in my note 4
Every versions are almost same and bulky.....it condumes more than 60 to 70 mb storage.....dose not runs in 2g....very disappointing.....
Ty
Love
With FB, I'm always hearing from friends at home, across all the borders and abroad. An excellent ways of developing nice friendship!
ang bagal mag loading..!!!
Tsegay
Good
Whenever you try to share something and the timeline is in "recent" mode, when you come back to it, after the post, it takes you at the top of the timeline again. Such an amateur effort with this app.
I FOUND MY FAMILY MEMBERS
Its what it is
Its oky
Gd sab se achha logo ko jodta hai
Dog
Put messenger back the way it was, new messenger uses too much resource and is too invasive.
Why on earth would I want to share my personal data with you?
Potentin john
Facebook
This is amazing app...
awesome..
Never had any problems
The apps is overall very nice for me ..
I hate bcoz fb forced me several times to download their messenger
Its so cool and can came in contact with ur love ones
grew worse
Make it more easier
After 18 year I got my college friend at fb so its a fabulous app
Excllent
Good
P
Good
Sucks..
What a glitchy POS
Can't log out
Likeable
After I updated it, setting up facebook just a moment, and until now it doesn't finished yet.
It is good but  I can't send voice message  and I can't write reply comment
Nice
This app makes me and my phone
Just
GALAXY S Error VIDEO FB
I can use this to talk to my girlfriend
It's ok, would prefer for news feed to have the option to set most recent as default.
when I message to people I can open the chater and I download messenger to and it same can you fix it I'm Using Samsung galaxy tab 10.1 1 I try redownload and it sameIm
Can't even message somebody 
Incredibly slow and frustrating to use for what it does (is the galaxy s2 deemed too old?), still lacks functionality in eg. groups and no, I will not install messenger.
Mantap
Good but u should create video chat..after that I will rate five stars
Crashes a lot. Links take a lifetime to open.
Facebook app is good can know many persons.
THIS DAMM APP TAKES UP A HELL OF A LOT INTERNAL SPACE AND TWO SEPARATE APP FOR FB. IS RIDICULOUS Y'ALL HAVE REALLY LOST!!! Y'ALL LITTLE MINE GET Y'ALL LAZY ACT TOGETHER AND ALL THIS HACKING GOING ON IS NOT ACCEPTABLE AND LET US PEOPLE HAVE DELETED OPTIONS. DO YOU PEOPLE WONNA BE A JOKE ALL YO LIVES 
Y
Nice
Great!
duplicate...very bad ! it does not install
I Like it
The best app
Good
Nice
Thanks for Facebook
Not satisfied
Haaaaaa
No problems at all. Works like magic.
After every update it gets worse. It stucks at "Just a moment". Please fix it.
Doesnt deserve even 1 star
Dont like facebook its to young for me and I am only 11 years old.
Verry nice
delayed mesages
Close with friends
Duj1306@gmail. Com
It has got almost everything that a social networking site needs. Go on install it.
Once again Facebook updates make the mobile app WORSE (as if that could be possible).  Crashes every time I try to view comments on a post. Ridiculous!
nyc
best app
super'b
Facebook
I can't open messages in chat heads. I have to go to Messenger to respond a message...
Awesome. .
Every time you guys do an update, this app works a lot worse than before. Now when I open it up, it just goes gray and then fails to respond. But this is just minor compared to the crappy messenger app, WHICH IS SLOWER THAN THIS ONE! Get your crap together please? Thanks!
Good
Awesome...
Upgrade is great more fun on offline need more on offline
You guys have added everything I've been asking for! Mobile users are hardly limited now. I imagine the improved Messenger app has taken a payload off the Facebook app, too.
Insufficient storage whenever I download it! I have 60% storage left! What a load of bull
Good
After the last update, crashes all the time and keeps popping up the setup screen
Updated version crashes during logout after failing to sessionid check. Doesn't seem to be able to cope with logging off or clearing active sessions.
Suks
Good
It won't play videos anymore....and freezes after 5 seconds.....update needed
Stupid facebook app always force close...
Faceboo
Wedding Day Invitations
It will be better if it auto load when it get wifi so that i can see new thing offline and do not see the same things that I have already seen when i was online but it is GOOD
I can't see who is online and I can't watch a video
It more be great if i can select pictures from my album,and this app take more tiny ram usage from my phone and this app make my Ram full
081995868
Nice App
Why am I forced to download a new app to message my contact or reply from my phone. Please enable messaging from the Facebook app itself. 4 stars otherwise
Facebook
Wow
My d
Nice planig
Facebook
Great way to comunicate with family and friends. Chat needs to have video calling it will be a bonus :)
Always closing or freezing! Constantly lagging.  Wish i can undo this update!!
It's a large application why can't we move it to our sd cards?
Good
Nice
:)
Please allow messaging through the regular app! I don't need another messaging app.
best
Constantly crashes and has one of the most atrocious UIs I've seen. Garbage
Superbb
This new update sucks. Doesn't let me tag people in groups anymore. Hate it that. Please turn that feature back on so I don't always have to use my PC to add tags inside groups.
Lacking general transition effects and feels kinda clumsy at times.
Happy
Excellent
For current version
Good
Nice
I dont want to innstal fb messengers plz dont freeze my inbox
Mervm.
The best
Constantly crashing, can't view anything longer than 2 sec.
Good app
It is fast and new
I can not flip photos from side to side
Because
Recently i can't navigate through facebook at times. It just loads and hangs. Pls fix
Because I can't use every time when I was visiting ,always say "error"
like it
This used to be really good, what happened!.too slow all the time now!
CM Nova 2.0
Jus waste of time to update and get fooled ...
Dicoreshan
Just ok
Can tag friends, but not people in groups, which I am a member of or admin.
Cool
HoggS DATA :(
Clean,
facebook
it is sooooooo simple to access  FB. Keep updating.
Very poor perfomance you have to more work it.
The app freezes and crashes often on my Note 3 that's the reason for loosing 2 stars
It doesn't allow me to log out properly.. It stops in between only..
Thiss app is very long
Really nice app for my device
Updated the app and now it stops responding every time I scroll down the news feed. Reported it already. But can't even be on for 2 minutes without problems.
good app, but if you uninstalled and re-installed its so hard to reach back
Ilove it
When sceolling down it always bring me to the top back...
Slow
Awesome
Nice..but not easy to search..
I give it 5 stars bcuse it deserves it
I cant copy text
happy b-day
This app was working fine up until about 2 or 3 days ago. Now it crashes each time I open this app. Hopefully this update with correct the issue.                                                  So, I just installed the new update. App still crashes each time I open. Tried force closing. I will  install and reinstall to see if that works. Dissapointing.
bpuas hati
Love it
Keeps loading and cant see any thing
Won't let me invite people to my own event
Like it
Wonderful
Marvalas
Good
Nice
Fantastic
Data hog!
Nice
After your last update this app keeps crashing and freezing
Bit speed app.
I uninstall this because it stuck on just a moment,, i reinstall again then it works,, after i exit then i open again then its stuck, just wait a moment..ggggggrrrrrrr...
Lov it
baik
Fa ebook keeps getting crappier freezes and force closes
Cool
Ok
I can view news feeds and URL links but when it comes to viewing my account info, deleting or editing my account it always and I mean always tells me that my connection is lost when I have a perfect connection.
Consumes too much ram even when idle on backround
If I could give 0 stars I would. This is the worst by far. I can't do anything with FB. Just get a black screen now. Wish they'd fix it.
Okkk
Not happy at all with this latest update.  I can't even leave someone a comment, cause the comments page stays FOREVER in the 'loading' phase!!!  PLEASE FIX!!!!! :(
Suberb appppppp
Good.
Pooja kumare
When I'm doing anything, (scrolling down the news feed, reading a captain from a picture etc) I constantly get kicked back to my home screen on my phone. It's getting extremely annoying. If not that, it refreshes by itself while I'm reading something, so if I want to finish what I was looking at I would have to go look for it, which of course is nearly impossible with your scramble updates.
Amazing App Fixed All ThinGs And love it .. carryone
I like it
It was well but vry slow for me
This is good
Cool
Sucks
I am very disappointed with Facebook app everytime i click on it an try to see news feed close it and have to reopen just to get close again i wish they fix it. And only does it since the latest updates. Grrrrt
ty fb
No puedo ver v¨ªdeos, por que  ...dice que la pagina no se encuentra! :/
Jumps when scrolling
Keeps crashing when doing a search
Runs slow. Pictures and videos barely load. Can't message people without downloading your "Let's spy on people" App. Notifications work like every hour. I get them in big groups rather than as they come. Horrible App.
App shuts down all the time... sucks
Problems loading news feed all of a sudden.
Desde la ultima actualizaci¨®n me da errores, se cierra, tarda en iniciar con un "just moment", cuando reinicio o apago se cierra mi cuenta, las letras se enciman en algunas ocasiones. No se pueden observar todas las fotos de perfil de amigos. Mal:/
Nice
I connect my friend in india
Obvious app
This is the best app for chatting
Great App
Mustakim
Don't use it
Vrey useful
The new update doesnt show my comment posted anymore. Please help a brother out. Thanks
The old version is much  butter than the newest one
Loved  it
I like it

Khan ge
I used to only use my Dolphin browser to access FB because personally I like the desktop version so much better, you miss out on a lot with the mobile. I was forced to go back to this app, but I'm glad they added a sharing button. I hate the way it makes me go into another screen to see the most recent news feed. It only notifies me of my friends birthdays randomly. Notifications are hard to control. It could be better.
I love Facebook
Nice
I hate this app!
Love it all comics to keeping in touch with long distance family and friends to sharing
It's great program
I love it
poor
I can't get the short cut icon!
Tytgg
Like
The app on my android keeps force closing on me and facebook only shows the day before status never is up to date.
It was all good before I updated :/
Facebook is very good app
Nice perfect app
If you're gonna do it. Do It Right The First Time.
Please fix always buggy ..
Toooo social
Wasting people lives since 2004
I like it

The updates are horrible. Each update is worse than the the last
Like fb
Why why why
Too long time for waiting up to play
Awesome app but we  want this facebook app to sync app data like hayday,megapolis
You
Nice
Bad
Good
Not so good
Good
Dis app in fb its really makes me mad,coz when I open my fb and scrowlling down its not working I mean not scrolling down
i love this app
I love facebook
Not good
Just do
Why I can't download Facebook. It's wrote here Invalid download URL
Freezes and crashes almost constantly. A newer version crashes and doesn't close or restart properly. Considering Zuckerberg made billions from writing software you wouldn't have thought so based on this app.
Just tried to download this app n it says incompatible update for kitkat.....
I can't enter the app as it is telling me that my android is too old it needs to upgrade n my android is 4.2.1 so I really don't understand
This app has the same permission requirements that messenger has, and quite frankly I believe that Facebook does not need to access my call logs, text messages, or my camera or microphone without notification. FACEBOOK YOU HAVE CROSSED THE LINE.
Facebook
App will not load news feed.. before and after my android update...fix this please

Some sort of comfort
Like very much
Facebook
Its Cool
everage
I updated my Facebook app and now I can't add pictures or comment on posts. If I attempt to do so,  the app closes itself.
hmm
Very very very......................................... Good I it so much

I love Facebook. It is my dairy open to my beloved one's and source to share thoughts and activities.
Good
Telefon lenovo lambat tindak balas dalam apl facebook
Not working
For me...good..
The mobile app needs to have automatic updating in real time in post like the IPhone has.
Great app
Very waste
All videos stopped working.
I love it!!!
it is very hard to understand that y does this doesn't log out only a few accounts.
This. Is very. Much
Nice
The latest update blows. I can barely use it as anytime I try to comment on something or post something, it force closes on me. I would really like to see the functionality brought back to the application to make it useable again. Samsung Tab 3
Bye bye FB
Facebook is awesome

Gud
This is good app....and helpful..
communicate to longdistance...
Stupid app always ask me to force close all the time so i am forced to go on the web where i can't upload my pics or watch videos.....lame
I like the app cause It makes it easier to get on fb
Great
slow, repetitive and doesn't load. why on earth are these updates taking one step forward and two back?
Assoiling
............... ........
Like
Zuleykamuzemil
Awesome I love it....
Uptade it
I love this app
M
Works well for me
Noor khan g
Good apps
Thank for this friend because I have a thousand friends
Since the update it keeps crashing. Please fix.
over
I like it
Jeeva
The Facebook Messaging app is just annoying. People don't seem to care how much "easier" it makes chatting, it has problems with it that just annoy the crap out of a lot of people. Let us message through this app again. Seriously. How many people complaining about that app is it gonna take before you stop trying to be all innovative and just give us back the old way of messaging? This app is good, would be a lot better if we could message through it. At least give us a choice when it comes to the messager.
Its ok.
Super fast
A good app
Having to constantly go in and select Most Recent is a hassle. My feed always loads several times during start up, then shows a post of mine from a month ago as the first post on my feed, with no way to remove.
Update
Facebook is a great social media app that if they didn't move chat and messenger to the apps folder and left where they were would be perfect.
Seems to be the same ole same ole....
Good
Liked the ui very much..
I love facebook but since the last update it keeps crashing!
Happines
It is working fantastically.........
That is very fast and very helpfull app
Random crash since the last update. Can be scrolling the news feed or just looking at pages and it seems to crash for now apparent reason. Galaxy S5
good
Can't uninstall this app
i love this app so mutch
Very good
Facebook
Enzo
Great
I like it!!
Very Nice App.
Cara, aqui no meu galaxy Y, que ¨¦ um android super fraco, funciona divinamente bem. Nao sei onde ¨¦ que ta tanto erro que o pessoal fala.
Its very nice app
nice
I love it
Loved it
Fb doesnt work before and after update. It shuts itself down.
Its good for keeping in touch
Out Standing App
Keeps shutting down
Slow
It used to be fine... but now there is always an error loading the news feed and I have to refresh my notifications etc or I have no clue anything is even there.
This app is nice to have but it run really slow and wants to sync my calender and contacts every time no matter what I do.
I love this app so much
Y DO V NEED TO INSTALL FB MESSENGER
Love it
Updated and now won't let me click on anything or scroll
Good app but not option for downloading videos. Add option for videos downloadable
Feecbook
Why do u need to have messenger
Tik 6e
So annoying. Since the last update it'll freeze and i'll have to close and restart the app.
Was working fine but now since the last update bug fix I can't see all the video only some will load and some will not..
I can't stay on the app for more than five minutes before it crashes and closes.  Please update this app or I'm done with Facebook!!!!
Gorgeous
Its amazing but it I don't like how you have to download messenger to inbox people.
Ek no.
Iba
Beautiful application
Murari.badrinarayana
This is very best Abb
The Most Slowest App For Android. Twitter And Instagram Is Much Better Than This.
Not good
No privacy left, no permission left not to be required...
Wow Great
It is use of two types good or bad. Choice is urs.
Mannan pendey
I always have to uninstall, then reinstall it. It never loads properly, I don't see current posting. I see postings from 2 days ago.
Very good
Reloading app.
What did too do? I cant use the app. When I try to open it closes itself after taking a long tome to load. Both my Galaxy 3 phone and my Samsung Tab 3. I uninstalled the app #notahappyuser #fixthis #BOO #badupdate
It is still good.
Latha Raja Mohan pooja
Error update
Undisputable, facebook is now the number one social media of the world. I hope it's always increased the ability and the capability and make the end-user of the facebook as comfort as possible. Remember it.
Its been updating for an hour. Then it crashed, deleted itself, and now I am redownloading it again. What gives? Time to download MySpace!
Ooooo
FB really likes showing you stuff that's weeks or months old, so it regularly ignore the Most Recent option.
Chat link doesnt work
cannot download in asus zenfone 5 .. why ????
Been waiting since 10 pm last night for Facebook app to download to my phone. It is now 10:15am and it's STILL downloading,!! U say this App is faster??? :-(
Messit Ozil
Nice
Tong
It freezes it you open it and closes the app.. The new update does not have a new look and the news feed still isn't updated  to current time....please fix...Samsung Note 3
Fix your app..  You have more than 1 billion people on your back waiting for you to fix it. Android is the future. Gonna give more stars when I see an improvement..
Awesome julle
I dont understand why every time i am on facebook with my tab 3 samsung tries to open some timeline or photo or search for something it crashes please sort this out i am willing to give facebook a 5 star but needto be repair here i have uninstall n reinstalled  to see if it will be rectified on my phone it works fine but not on my tab3
Keep logout suddenly..
I love it so much
Auto starting the video features becomes a vampire to sucks my data.
Why can't I select most recent news feed since I updated??! Why do you have to keep changing it all the time??!!!
Awesome
Guud
Works great now. You should add reply to comments though. :)
It is a great generation.
Nice app
Jsmes zevor
It was amazing :) I can easily upload a photo and chat with my friends  , so you better install it ..
When it comes to confirmation of your phone number, keyboard doesn't pop-up on the screen, so you can never enter the number what was SMSed to you...
Facebook covers alot of space on my phone. My phone is Samsung Galaxy young. I have to download other apps and games on my phone, and they are important, so please fix it. Or I will delete facebook, even if I dont want to.

Good
This app  is really good for me i like this app but it have a problem to sharing videosto friends fix it so i :ll give you five star
Remove block option from facebook
Its the best it gets to job done really the best in the world
SINCE THE LAST UPDATE THE APP WON'T WORK.. IT KEEPS CLOSING. WON'T LOAD NEWSFEED AT ALL.
this app is good .i give this 5star.i am fully satisfied .all work is done to my  satisfaction...please use this than     ............&
It's now been removed from my devices
I hated now this app it consume my ram and data also totally worse  app ....Why you need to push us to download that fb messenger? for goodness  sake . Its really a big App and i dont have enough space for that ..... please fix it i am  using samsung galaxy s duos please fix this soon
Buggers
Facebook
Exlent
Doesnt even work!
Very slower app
Facebook
ultimately very nic app all times update
Love it
Its wack it keep closing out while im in the middle of something or even when i post a status
No Message can be sent.....
Index! D.C.Duffync. Char n ujjlene they f ver tosion and I can
I like it
Creates a lot of cache data
I loved it so much..
Very bad
Facebook is a bit slow and it always ask me to fix the settings
Yehey
free gems
Its very good app and because of it i can chat with evey friends and family members
This ish is just that. Slow af.Home stopped working. And you guys are just all around fuktards.
The latest update has it freezing and crashing constantly. I moves me back to the top of my feed whenever it wants. This needs to be fixed
Love This Browser
I
Wow very nice
My life changed after this app
Can you please get the timeline in order dang
Super
Nice app....
Suddenly closed the apps. Pl clear.
bagus
Nk
The title says it all. Keeps force closing. This app is junk.
Face book is best in messages
Super
After recent update, the app now fails to start. Bouncing between "Facebook" title page and a blank screen.
I cant unfollow a post anymore.  I cant add the animated emojis anymore. This app changes day by day. Very frustrating.
Darty
A great way to stay connected and close to fanily and friends
Good from browsers
Facebook
It closes after a few seconds, when i tried to open.... please fix it immediatelyyyyy.....
The facebook stop working after last update
385179
First time u get infuriated at any thing, it does not want to download
I cant open my fb app because of the new update. Pls fix it. Fk

Great apps
I want to be able to chat without having to install your FB messenger!
But not access fast
SLOW AS A SLOTH. CAN'T LOAD UP CRAP. TAKES YEARS TO LOAD UP IF IT DOES. WOULDN'T RECOMMEND DOWNLOADING!!! CRASHES EVERY FEW MINUTES WITHOUT A REASON WHILE YOU'RE IN THE MIDDLE OF SOMETHING
App insists on showing "the popular" posts instead of the latest ones. But its biggest intentional flaw is that it ALWAYS RUNS IN BACKGROUND, EVEN WHEN YOU TURN IT OFF USING TASK MANAGER. It literally drains my battery if I run the app, close it in task manager and not use a tool like SD Maid to close it. And Facebook Messenger does the same except it has an auto-start feature which enables it to restart after you kill it. I'm sticking to my rating until you give your apps a shutdown button that works.
Useful
Nice
Will not install on my Sony Xperia e1 keep getting incompatible update message
LOADING i'm wasteng time this app
It is fine bit it comes slow oftenly
But needs abilty to be installed on external memory since its such a memory hog. And abilty to clear picture And video cache on exit. But keeping login info. The pull update always changes time line looked at and can't get back current view line.
Facebook stopped and device halted for few minutes.  Galaxy Note 2.
Have to reinstall it every now and then. At first it will work just fine then after a few hours i have to force close it, it crashes when i am on my profile or someone elses or when im posting something. It's very time consuming to reinstall this app.
It is Facebook application
I can't upload my photo on my album,please fix it!
Good app but forcing to download facebook messenger
PLEASE FIX THIS. IT TAKES TOO MUCH MEMORY. CAN'T DOWNLOAD ANY OTHER APPS.
Great way to connect socially. All my friends are on it so it's nice for me
Useless to me. Both the app and the website. If there was a surefire way to delete my account, I'd do it in a heartbeat.
Kashif. Khan . .urmar. Payan
Can't download images from message.
It's great. It's intuitive and clean
Would give you five star If you make the news feed load.... keeps crashing
I like this so i down load u
I never thing i hate facebook  i just love it
Just love fb just can't stay even moment away from fb just totally addicted 2 it
good appp
Kb
Hanau's
The perfect applications software
That's owsam
Good
Hello
:)
Awesome
App
I dont know what happen but it always say "ERROR" and "SESSION EXPIRED" but I used Facebook before, its ok ..but now It needs to update..
Good and reability
Its awsome
It was news feed loading speed ... but they can continue reading was very very slow ... And same time comments box very very worst slowly opening
Fast application
Awesome thing
Much better,More improved and easy to use! Thanks now! :)
Good
Not on my phone but on my tablet doesn't let me stay for more a couple minutes without closing. Very obnoxious!
Why am I being forced to install FB messenger on regular Facebook App ?
.
Sometimes  gets lag.
Good
There are no messages shown when i select the message tab. Facebook messenger takes forever to load too. I am pretty sure it is the facebook's problem because my friend who uses the same phone as mine does not face this problem in his old version of facebook.
Very good
It keeps booting me out at random times for no apparent reason.  Why are there so many problems with this stupid app?  It seems like every time this gets updated, there's a new retarded problem happening with the app.
Yh
Wow that's awesome
Good
da new version is too slow
Xx
Can't download after 93 %
facebook is acting up again  please update it
fecebook is the best
Good
Love it
Doesn't update most recent posts unless I do a force stop on the ap. Or I am near a WiFi it will work .
this iz really nyc app
Nice app but not that perfect
This version of the app has made facebook on android wonderful
Fucked up since the update.
Great
Very good
Good
Awesome!
Do
So log. It make my phone hang

Good
Takes longer to refresh
Thanks you
Oping is so slow
Good
This app just drains my phones battery a lot.. 24x7 it keeps using the CPU..            Fix it!
The new version is horrible horrible horrible. I dont want to see what happen 12 hrs ago on the top of my page. There are sooo many awful things! Huge dislike!!!!!! I dont want to see people i may know or pages i may like. I can look them up myself.Now that ive been using it longer i hate it worse. It decides what your top stories are and doesnt let you see what you want on your own page. I hope another social media comes out! And...i can no longer watch videos !
Yeah i know its good for communicate using a wifi

But why you have to force us to download/upload that facebook messenger?
Great app
now itz ok, comfortable feeling to use it
wala
J D's sad ggjf sag k
Stop asking me to get Facebook messenger I don't like it. Put it in one app don't ask me to download another app just for messaging my friends.
I hate that facebook has suddenly started shutting down every 5 seconds. Please fix this then you can have 5 stars.
Iko poa
Britz
Pcbook
Yoonus
slow net....itz too slow! so fcking slow! Need inprovmnt! Also, alwys temme to install dis fuckin messengr... ughj..fckk
Always telling that try again later pls fix !!
Buto...nk loding dah la lame pas 2 not respon pehal ni..mmg xpyh pki la..boikot fb
I can't install this app.. Do something for this plz..
S.N.Maseko
Not too sure why bt the latest update seems always force closes. Pls help to fix bug. Thanks
Facebook is good
Fadu....connects with friend from everywhere
Good
No comment
How it's possible that you don't let users to upload HD video, that's I logic, fix that,  is like I buy a phone whit a good camera for nothing
Good
It is very slow ...I am a Galaxy Y user
Facebook is great to find love ones and friends
I love this
Aeesome
Excellent
Keeps going worse. Shouldn't practice get it CLOSER to perfect instead of further away. Hate the stupid messenger thing. The WHOLE idea is ONE app. NOT half a dozen. Better off using browser version
Good
Amarjit Fx laikhuram vry mot
fantastic
nice
I love facebook because i can chat with my friends ..
This is very interesting and I like it
Love it
Super
Star
Lol
Very nice
Superdi alaaaaaa
UPDATE: Why is there no way to change mobile notification settings in the app?  I dont want to be notified of other peoples new status updates/videos nor when I am poked::::Listen to the users.  We use social media to learn of the recent news and happening of our friends, not the top news that happened days ago.  This just shows that your a business and dirty/lazy at that.  I'm updating to the latest.  There better be no problems.
Nc software
Smiley61
Thanks Mark Zukerberg for maKing a wonderful app.
Lasantha
Loved it
Amazing! 
good
Now its telling me when I like someone's posts or pages that I liked posts, that I'm blocked or that action is deem offensive, I logged off overnight came on this morning and its the same, I'm really upset. It really needs updates about every week, like seriously!
Keeps freezing and crashing
Got a few bug.
Its not refreshing at all now and please bring back messages and get rid of messenger
Come join
Excelled
look what have you done to your apps....
Awesome
My news feed is out of order. 5 days, 1 minute, 30 min, please fix!!!!
Since the latest update, this app is unusable. Will not load half the time and when it does, you can't see the photos or comments.
Fb
Even if we delete a post,it goes on displaying in the news feed but you can neither like it nor comment on it.That's it!Secondly, the edited post wont replace the updated post unless you reopen the app.. I never expected  this kind of update!
Much better than the previous version...
My daily activity
Keeps crashing will not let me do anything keeps saying force close or waiting waiting waiting! Get it fixed fed up of it now!
The app was doing fine for a while, not as glitchy as previous versions. But now it's constantly crashing. During the time it to to write this, I had to force close it 9 times.
Means that i can still go on fb when i am out and about
Yard wo old facebook. Thik ta.
Diljith
the profile cover's photo must be modified to show as size of the screen - as page's cover -   for samsung galaxy s 2 :|
It id nice spp
Don't like the intrusiveness of the required permission s but what're ya gonna do?
I like this apps
Nice
Good One
How come every time i open the app it says either not responding or force quits? An upgrade to fix that would be nice. Im about to delete the app if it does not change!
hard to download . i almost waiting for two hours now .
Constantly freezes, it won't even let me scroll through my news feed. I'll stick with Pinterest.
This is the best application on earth
Superb lekin code nahi maagna cyahiye
thank you
I want to give it 0
After update app always crash
Nice
Many posts don't load the pictures. It was fine before the update.   I hate when people like something or talk about a picture and all I see is an arrow in circular loading pattern.
Like it
When I'm scrolling my timeline it freezes or crashes every time. Please fix this....
Great app
It to slow..
Bahut accha hai
Does nothing but bog my phone down. It crashes all the time and runs slow. Terrible!!
Works flawlessly
Very advance and fast
I have to clear data to log out and it force close by itself...Please fix this!
Blink and it crashes absolute pile off steaming dog pooo they need to sort it out
I love there activatic. I have hopefull into the fb....
Ever since my Facebook has been updated it forcloses on its own. I hate having to start all over continually. Its very aggravating.
Nahid

Crashes constantly. Sucks.
Keeps kicking me off and freezing up
Awesome app

Vry bad
Even though my settings are correct, I'm still not getting notified anything when I'm logged out, I've reported this issue and still nothing
I can no longer message on the app. It uses too much data and it's slow and now it constantly locks up!!!!
It's eating up my data! I go in & force close my apps just to make sure & still it's showing as the 1 using most data.
ok
Keeps crashing and won't let me sign in.  All happened since messenger changed. Not willing to accept thus as one of lifes stressors. May have to give it up.
Always says just a moment org setting up Facebook. Then force close. If it doesn't force close I get sent back to my home screen without warning
Facedook
Better than whatsapp. Allow us to share feelings. JUST LOVE IT
Ruby Kohli
Rashid
Idk what's going on but FB is always disappearing. I'm in the middle of something and all of a sudden I'm at my home screen. HP TAB7
I use it quickly..
Good app is this
It keeps crashing.....fix it pls
Crashing.. Crashing.. Crashing..  All the time
Good

I think Facebook has way over stepped its boundaries regarding people's privacy.  It started out as a great way for people to connect.  Now it has the ability to read everything you write not only in fb, listen to conversation and have access to all your contacts and info.  Not comfortable using it anymore.
Facebook undated itself and now it won't even let me on.  Fix it please
after updating it.. it keeps on crashing and hanged :( like i end up closing this apps
When i upload photos through this app the quality gets sliced in half! What's the point of having this app when i can't upload photos without them turning pixalated. I'm done with FB. It's one thing after another!
Fb
Cool
App keep crashing. Please update. Thank you.
Like it I get again this app
Loved it ~
Shocking keeps crashing and having to delete and install it again

After update,app is restarting after some times.
After updating the system I tried installing it again but it says incompatible update. HELP!
I love facebook
Ajaibjsi
Love it cool

Like
Best app
Superd
It really doesn't give me problems but it just needs to be updated
Its make easy to downloading
Hitehs
Its very lovely
its very gud application i use.......... very long time
Great
Every time i log out it directly skips to main screen..when i open it again it opens the newsfeed but shows session expired and this things happen everytime i log out and log in..!!
Facebook
Facebook
Facebook help me much
I swap my phone over to a HTC and I just can't log in not even to reset the password Facebook what up with this . My rating could be at five star's I can't do any cuz Facebook blocked me for trying to attempt to open my own page...p.s fix these problems
rajkumar123
Milon
Boring as hell
K.
Not happy, i have had to uninstall an reload and it keeps crashing. Can't use the app. Please fix
Very good
Total waste of time have spent the last hour trying to get on Fb but still seeing the message "setting up facebook" have had to use facebook on my laptop while I uninstall this crap update from my phone
Face book is very best app
Give us the old version back please
Its ok
The new version is sh*t.I logged out and I can't log in again.
Nice app......
Shah

good
it good fr connet people
Best way to tym pass
Use too much space
Facebook videos are not working. Please fix video streaming bug
Its ok
Nix
Not loading news feed and photos after update........come on!
This app absolutely sucks. Instead of showing me something I want to see as recently posted I'm shown something from the day before. I can miss multiple posts as a result of the algorithms or whatever Zuckerberg and his team use. I'll stick to the mobile browser where things appear at least near to how I would like (sorted by most recent) and not include countless videos.
Its ok but when i open this apps just hung up.
Facebook is really a greate way of keeping intouch with hole world things!
There are no messages shown when i select the message tab. Facebook messenger takes forever to load too. I am pretty sure it is the facebook's problem because my friend who uses the same phone as mine does not face this problem in his facebook.
Very cool
Good app
I'm sick of the news feed not being up to date and having to force close!!
SOMUTORI DE ME PWELEGROSO DE NARDIO
I would like to be able to change the sort order to most recent
Good
good
Nice
Cat
I don't like the messenger plz make the old inbox, I hate to uninstall this facebook..
Admajaya Jogjakarta
...as it should be. Still it works... 2/5 is all it gets from myself and my S4 Zoom device.
Very nice
Good
Rk
Good to share good to use and iser friendly.
M
Such a great app..
i cant use it continously because the app is always force closing..
Sama
In spite of the years and so many others, this is still top social media.
Das
Silky smooth
It's okay for my phone but somtimes there are little lags
Life has become all about facebook and it sucks
Hate it........!!!!!!!!!!
Loveit
Pagal banjayenge
Would be nice if there was an update to change the looks of it. Its annoying where the most recent is where you have to press to get the recent news feed! Now constantly freezes.
My app keeps on occasionally freezing, causing me to exit out of it.
Nice
Rajesh
Uses too much data!
Like :)
Why I can't domload Facebook anymore
Its run slow when i scroll down
Very good
News feed keeps jumping whenever I try to click on a post. Screenshotting also closes the app.
Super entertaining
It keeps force closing on me and its quite annoying
Its g0od
Bater than other
Superb app in the whole world
Pls fast loading
Am very unhappy that i cant use on my tablet with android. Works fine on my iphone..... please fix!!!
awsum. but it takes up too much room on phones??
So I can't watch my own posted videos on Facebook? Little ridiculous.... Also at times it becomes completely unresponsive, I have to turn my device on and off to make it work again!
Okay
Novice
Why it making you down load actra stuff to message people
Love facebook..... :*
I can't even tell you how many times I've clicked on "Hide All From" or "Block Page" or even gone as far as to unfollow a friend. No matter what, every time I log in I have to see posts about someone liking the same posts from the same pages that I don't ever want to see posts from. The option to hide or not see the post shouldn't be there if it can't actually be used.
I like this app
Very good
there are some issues related to force close so kindly fixed it ASAP....
nice
Works
Uses so much storage. My phone runs much faster without it.
AbiyotAbiyotAbiyot
Love to Facebook
Its take more time to update and also to download but I sit all day in this
Nice
I D
Take lot of time to load...
Good
Good
Since the new update, facebook at times will freeze then close down (at least twice a day).  Then when re-opening it will say just a moment.
Fb

When I open the app it stays open for about 5 seconds and then closes on its own. Plz help
H

On every update it gets worse and worse...
Fix it. Because whenever I am scrolling in my News Feed, it happens
Facebook is the best

Excellent app , except one less star for contact list profile photos not being updated automatically
Wow
Nice app ever..
Farrrrrrrkkkkkkkk so over it constantly crashing when i click on a photo, profile or notification... so can ya fix it soon .....please?
My dear Muslims sister and brother please don't download Facebook because it's make by Israel please please please Muslim sister and brother
Although it Keeps crashing
Why does it keep deleting my friends. I can't message two of them. It's acting up. Y'all Neff to fix it.
Google
why app stop facebook android?

Excellent
Nice
This is perfect app
In serious need of an update b/c it is seriously unstable.  Need some Fix-It-Fast to go along w/ Break-Things-Fast!
Easy acess the facebook
Social networking
I love Facebook so much
So Nice
I like the new update... positive.
mast app hai
Post Load Fast and Smooth
Love it!
No comments
Wow fb the best
beutiful
Very good
Agam
Nicez Update na
My life partner
Facebook wanted access to all my personnal info so I wouldnt update it. They decided to update without my permission.
When im trying to upload pictures and im scrolling through my gallery and i open a picture to view our better before i upload it, it just goes to a grey screen then crashes.
It's very useful
ok!
good
good app
Nice app love it
Gyff
Was like a 4 for me but now I cant even watch videos on my news feed..........says unknown error everytime.............disappointing
A good way to meet and keep in touch with others,u know and who have similar interests.* 9/29/14 having a problem with F B "stopping" shuts down and won't load. FIX IT PLS! It's a pain!
its tooo much slow...plzzz  dont downlod
Love It!! This app is pretty good.
Take it the way it is
Contaket
i lovw facebook
Frequently crashes
N
Lembab
ghj
Good
awesome
Good
Sometimes the speed is too slow
Iloved
Its very nice but opens slowly in 2g
Nice
Nice app
and i will give 5 stars
I
I can't open the app ... Every time I open it it shuts off ... Fix it
guud source of news and knowledge
Just awesome
nice
Nice
nice..
Why this app crashes when i download it ? I have 110 space but i cant download it
Fuuuuuccc!.this pls.... fix
Good
Uses way too much battery and lags too often.
A........s
Engineer
After some updates, app started to hang and crashes
its better ok!
Like
It's cool
I'm Loving it.....
Very Good
loove it

nice
Good
This app keeps crashing  won't stay open
I dont understand why this app would need to generate 60 Mb of app data even when the user has not even logged in. Seriously! Why?!
Its were much nice i love face book ...the chatting is best ..
Nice
Do not Copy any Texts and do not download video file. plz help.
SSuuper
I like the new version but it always crash... Unlike the older version. .. But thanks for the latest version
Keeps crashing and won't let me upload photos.
I liked this app, it was very good but messenger isn't working on my phone please make it optional. Because of that I only give 1 star
Good
Very sexy apps.... I like it very much
Nice
Like it
Always says just a moment or setting up Facebook. Then force close
žéÊ²üNfbÕZÑÔÔO¶¨ºÍÊÖ™CÑbÖÃµÄÕZÑÔ²»Ò»˜Ó¾Í²»ÄÜtagÅóÓÑ ¿ÉÒÔ¸ÄÉÆ†á
it so'y very fun to have a facebook on fone .. i can like anytime i want ..
Good
facebook
Facebook for your phone minus the message.  Easier to use mobile Web and don't have to worry about space on my phone
Sunilrabin
slow than the old version
Loved it
Fix it. Its slow And hangable
Smileys need to be added
Stucks a lot
Was good be for update now just crashes all the time search for something crash try to play video crash use msg crash mite uninstall and just use web version to much of a pain in ahole
Why can't I download Facebook
What's bad habit
Ifhaq
Provide the option to download the vedioes from App directly
Nice
The app keeps freezimg after I open it, so I have been using chrome to go on facebook. Just updated thinking it would be fixed and it's still doing it. Edit 2 months later: Still doing it.
When  I open facebook, i allways shows "not responding"
This app is a mess! It is either to slow or crashes all the time! Please fix this and when I logout it won't logout it says there was an error and I have to uninstall the app and reinstall it to log back in really annyoing!
Plzz tell me how can I set up my group's and pages' profile pic
Ram
Loved it
Facebook
Current version constantly keeps crashing and sendong me to homescreen....better fix it soon!!
vow
Its ok
Good
Sometimes many prblm are show ....
Mst foreaver
Very exclant
Loved it

I love this app because it is a quick, safe, and fun way to keep in touch with friends, family, and loves ones!
Dont gets download

The biggest drawback is that u can't move it to external SD. Moreover it takes so much much of phone space n bcz of that my phone built-in storage runs out. Plz fix it. I hope n seen that most of d users r facing d same issue. Plz plz plz fix it
N p
love coe fb ko.. i love my tab
Super
rajinisabari321
Fb is a very famous app
Always jaming
Good quality
Zabr10
Awesum aap
Dinedsh
Pls fix it. I don't like installing the messenger since i heard about can get all your details
nyc .bt .big mb.
ramiz
Why my inbox can't open!!!! Fb alwys logout, need more space when alwys update n then must downlod mesenger???? What the .....
Its got to much updates
Plz donwload it
¿¿Å¶Å¶
Ok na ok
I can't login to my account using the app. Please fix it..
Got a dig the Facebook man
Nice
I dislike in this aap is any body can see our profile its not good
Jennifer strange
Very good app
Nice
facebook
How to use the Facebook in China
i cant open inbox messages without messenger >.<
The app is very nice
Its gud
They hack into your phone and reads messages
I've noticed that for a while when I try to open URL or endomondo "link" from news feed Chrome and Endomondo are crashing. Facebook generates erroneous links or calls external apps so that they crash.
Awesome!
Westfield
It keeps saying incompatible update when trying to download it, but my husband has the same phone so I know I can have it on my device
Thanks
GANESH
Eat memory alot
C
so very nice
Nice
Amazing to contact our love one and family and friends
After update keep crushing
Raj group of khurai
Without any exception the worst app on my phone. The UX of this app is way below modern standards, the app caches and downloads a lot of pics and clutters the sd-card, autoplay is literaly the worst feature to have turned on by default.... flies away to G+ and uses Fast and Friendcaster for facebook stuff.
what i like most is its data feed feature which keeps you updated with the latest data from the topics of ur interest and moreover friends updates! good job! :)
good
Urbana. Gonzalez
Its a cool app
its getting worse every time it updates now i can't send message via messanger
i'm starting hating it >.< it always hanging up..and viewing photos is too slow then suddenly said facebook stop responding so i need to force close to start again hayzzz...hope it will back just like before ....
Can't open easily...
This is an awesome app. I loved to use this app.
Good
Fix it please i can't use my facebook because it said "Just a moment" Then closes what the heck i cant use my fb >_<
Ok
good work...more secure.
Mast hai bhai
Nice     superb.......
App is sometimes slow and takes minutes to load something and also I cannot download videos from facebook.
very good
You hike up numbers by freezing accounts so you must constantly get a new one.
I  use my Facebook account to login in to games on my phone. I only just changed m y password but now when I long in to my games it can't login to Facebook..It takes a couple of tries.
'
I will be in the app and it kicks me out of app...my screen goes black then it takes me to my home screen and tells me unfortunaly facebook isnt working!!! Can you fix this problem?
Nice
very nice
Very honourable
Very good apps faster for facebook...
shj
Nothing special just waste of time...
Where is my icon, did not download.
Facebook is the devil, people have been hurt so much by facebook.
H
Enjoying it
Pintu

Fast speed due to low coverage
It has full functionality as fb webpage but running in background always keeps eating battery and processor cycle too because of the real time push. Eventhough if alter the update time period and kill it using task managers it initiates again. IF YOU GUYS GIVE AN UPDATE WITH AN EXIT OPTION TO TERMINATE AND RESUME AS PER OUR REQUIREMENT IT WILL BECOME A MUST HAVE KIND...
Good..liked it
For more or less Facebook is alright, but most of the time people are very judgmental and too much in others business.  If you post anything and just make a comment that's not what someone likes then they assume your speaking of them and then the trouble and he'll begins. Other than looking at family pictures and seeing how they are when they live too far away. I really don't like facebook. Just too much drama. My wife and I both hate that about facebook.
Open and keeps force closing  as soon as I touch to do anything  on the app
Good 1
Uper
Its kinda slow. You should fix it and somehow learn to deal with users. Thanks.
Samuel Cline
Good 1 ..
good
Mine
Guuud
Nice app
Most crashing app of all time
Time pass
Love it
aap
Thanks
crashing
Love it
Love this app
Since last update keeps shutting my wifi off and has really slowed my phone down please fix this
Keep crashing
Nice
This is an extraordinary aap
This is so freaking old. Try to change something. Make it new. please. . . PRETTY PLEASE!!!!
Nice
Awesome
abakbarry
Make some new update sir please. Cuz the app makes gud but stil hanging. Thanks
This isawesome
I like it
Bro
Great stuff
Awesome...! But not affordable to every mobile bcuz of processor n it occupies a lot of place..! Still Gud
Wow
The most worst version ever.. when i uses it for 10 mins, after that it stucks and says force close.. :@@@
Sucks.. Kicks me out always.. I like the old version way better.. I could actually get in Facebook..
Crashes more times than not even after reinstalling several times. Older versions far more stable. Would stop using if I had a choice, unfortunately too many friends & family on here to stop. Use it only when I have to.

its nice and goodservice my fb becomes faster than before.
good
Such a mess!!..since it was updated i cant even upload more than 10 photos!!..pls fix!
Messenger is garbage and the latest update just forces you to use it. Well guess what, not gonna happen. I'll just use the Web interface. Thanks for messing this up.
good
updates was so good .. hope no more hang ..
SONY XPERIA
Cool
Samsung Galazy Y., 
Very Nice & Good., For an older version.
Dissanayaka
Every update its worse...
Bhai
It keeps crashing. And it wont let you cut snd paste.
after updating it didnt work on my phone.....
Super
Why I cant download facebook?its says db could not be download due an error. Please help
Its good
Nice
Zz
Same as the old one...
Can't set settings to keep them at most recent. Just fix it and stop fiddling about and messing it up
Slow
Update iz amazing....better....and osm....:-* :-* <3
I like this application so much
Ffs why don't I receive notifications on my s5??????
Loving it
I like it
i Love it but, not that much
Just so better than the browser facebook
No
In the back yard
Ok
Why I have to add msn to chat with my friend, I even don't know what the hell is msn
Awesome
It's really Good .. I Liked it so much
When I open the app, it keeps crashing all the time
Facebook
25
very good app
The worst update. Time does not show correctly of notification status or msgs. Always written "just now"
When I try to download this app it keeps coming up with incompatible error
Please fix this bug..
Please add an option to store it in external storage please
Awsm
Cool
Goood
Make more important excellent
It's good
Nicee
Pls make it attractive
Go nawaz go
I love this app for its splendid user friendly utility
barakha
Great apps, except always updated every day. Can you minimize the updating periode?
017943082
Good
This nickname should jog a few memories. . Anyone that knows me will know.
It's
Ycr
Won't stop crashing since the update
I love our Heavenly Father, more nd more each day that goes by,weather us a good day or a bad one; it doesn't matter!!! I just truly love him, trust in him and I live to praise him nd re~joyce in him..... Amen~ Glory B To God, Hallelujah!!!   <3 <3
Too intrusive
I still have to use messenger :(
Manoj

Rani malik Hlw every one,how r u?
Hh

Lovely facebook for me to chat with my friends
The Facebook is great but when I click this app its said Facebook is not responding so I try to delete it then I install it again I wish it will work
FB is one of my favourite app.i like it very much.
It keeps showing 'errors downloading newsfeed' everytime i try to open my fb account. And there is nothing wrong with my internet connection because the only thing that i have problem to open is fb. The others are fine.
K
I am having issues of not able to play any videos on my FB page please help thanks
No
I want to download videos. But I can't it play videos automatically ...
Its nicer
Its realy nice...i loved to useing vry cool app easy connecting to fb at d time u can so.notifications updeting msg even wid out doing log in opssss
Gud one for browser
I like
Good
There's no way to view the news feed.  I've searched everywhere. this app is only good for notifications and checking in.  Seems like a large amount of memory used for that.
Really strong social media
Facebook
Xd
when i log in it says check your network or try later although every other app works fine
Latest update rubbish, can't even log in as it won't send me the sms to do it, before I updated it I had constant network error, or force close. Load of bollocks, just wish I could uninstall it completely!!!!!!! Sony Ericsson SP. Wish I could give it less that one star. Plus it takes up way too much memory. Thought it was going to be able to be stored on the memory card, not the phones/tablets internal memory. Sort it out Facebook!
27577727b
Ok
I loved the app, works great on my cell....but it's terrible on my SG Tab3. The apps keeps crashing over and over!
too muchh stuck not smooth like before..
Nysh....
There is a loading issue on sony z3.I cannot open the app.
If u installed and use then for massage u required facebook massanger appp
Every update is always something. Constant freezing
Sureshchand chand suresh
very
FB Rox
Sye sku facebook
Xperia Z: There has been this horrible playback problem where videos freeze or won't even load. Has been going on for months.
Browser Facebook loads faster, consumes lot of RAM, processor battery and cannot shift to SD card
@happy
Awesome
good work. keep it up...
Ultimate...
Love
No
Superb
Last update 
So slow. It takes too much time to load.
I downloaded it and every time I was searching for someone it would cut off on me. I uninstalled it and hopefully if they read the reviews, they will fix the problem. Good luck to everyone who uses it a lot.
Love it
;-)
It's so good
Lov it
Awesome
Because laptops were never so good then smartphones and plus it comes FREE.. Good but Plz can u make Facebook like the messenger when a message comes and it pops as a bubble in th with corner...  But really good!!
Since updating the app it doesn't show any pictures. I just get the default profile picture for everyone and uploaded photos are just a grey square.
Just gossip
Gulshad
Niceee
reye mateo
I dont understand why this is a problem :(
gud
Keep crashing. Why?
Nice
To gud app
Sometimes this app makes my phone to troubleshoot. Y is that so?
Very unuseful app
Hate ain't the word
H
Nice
Superrrrr App i like it :*
I love it
Do it all

Walcom facbook
Good
always crashing.
More fun and faster..
It is the superb application in point of view to connect with friends and our family
Wndaful but always bc
the reply option in the comments please. and try to separate between the comments and the replies thank you..
Very bad
good for masg
Super
Facebook is slowly falling and it's not about the people anymore bring back Facebook for us there's too many problems cause you keep making changes
Please fix a "EDIT" option in comments.. I hope my review will satisfy you and I gave suggestion too
Should really have a search bar for searching something in a group.
awesome app
Since we don't have Internet right now,  my phone is the only excess to fb.  Thanks.
Great
Very slow
Love meeting fun women who love to party down
It's great other wise that is can't see notifications it just says page not found please fix
loved it
GOOD APP
Excellant
Good
good
Best
Give us the option of full screen when scrolling in Landscape mode and WITHOUT the HUGE selection bar showing all the time please? Full screen as in FULL SCREEN please.
I like it
Very good
Great app enjoying it
Wont even open 99 percent of the time really pissin ne off!
When u log out of fb on mobile or clear fb data for storage purposes, you will  not receive notifications of messages or activity until you log in again. So, if you go to fb via mobile  phone & have to enter your password, you will not have received any notifications from fb throughout the entire period of your being logged off.
Good app
Mundea da saathi
Wont let me go on my messages because its telling to download messenger but i dont want the app. They should have never updated and left it how it was
Amaan
Raja Arshad amin sohil very good and faster great app guys install and enjoy this app photo upload in35 second and many option in this app ...go to Google play  store and install. Offcours this aap I trusted app.thanks
invited by my son
Will not let me access my acct ..I have proven countless times my identity..so frustrated and disappointed!
Superji
S
My Facebook app has been acting up lately!
Nice social media apps
Yes
Happt
Very good
Retired Army

Thank,s:-)
is there any possible way for you to create a more private version of this app that doesn't ask for so many permissions? this is why I haven't used this app in a long time and many other apps. tired of every developer wanting to know my location and when I'm on a call and who I'm calling, etc.
Fully easy...
I request to whom it may concern about lock up Laosoftware and Laokeyboard to releasr them for all Laotian abroard please we have upset so much for your Samsung company was not input Lao language for your samsung s3,4,5  please we re request you final part of thid matter. JP.*****19
Facebook
Can't have this app installed at all it sucks up all my battery :/
Worked fine yesterday... Now it's freezing every time I open it and I have to use a task manager to close it...
Helps in keep aur friends close
Good
Awsome
This app is ok but I am not able to do  video chat
Good
Abdi
Nice it
Avo
Nice
It Doesn't Sync My Contact's...When I Have Search My Friends By My Contact's It's Shows The Suggested Friends Only So Please Fix...
M a foulkes
Pissed off
Facebook wants to be in everyone's business! Have some class !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The option to turn off the auto playing video postings is not available on my LG Optimus L9, but it is on my Samsung Galaxy. Why is the app options different on both of these phones? Also, there are issues with liking posts. It will not save my likes. You guys keep updating, but it seems to get worse with every one. Fix it please!
Fun to use
Always crashes when try to play a video.
Stay home
FACEBOOK IS THE BOOM
Keeps crashing
Very nice app Facebook
Very good
Hillarious
Nice frds can cth any time if they r in this fb wrld
I really enjoy this app
Hey Facebook, stop messing with my account and fix your app. It's got to be the worst app ever
Nice app
Bired
Its nice indeed
Continously crashing when i try to share or comment!  Agravating and disappointing!  Please fix it!
Since last update app has been freezing and force closing.   Needs a fix asap. Very buggy.
App is very good
Loving it
Thanks
I love it...
Loved it
Nice
It doesn't update news feed correctly and it keeps saying my active session is in NJ and I'm in NC so when I search it brings up NJ.
It keeps closing. Not cool. Fix it.
no problem for me
It is ok i guess
I cant download it
Bad
Really it is very good app to know updations quikly....i liked it
Thanks our Facebook I can share  views to my friends
Facebook is excellent. .......whole people connecting  one roof. .....
Awesome
Made for all
123456
cia kim
Horrible latley won't do anything just freezes and shuts down and ask to report and f%_k u
Good
Useless.. I cnt use this apps.
Cannot do ANYTHING without the app force closing. Please fix!
I use zenfone 6..i cant install it..please fix..it keep show error
Very nice
And to All muslim in this world ! where is most recent?all the updates is  2 or 3 days past..hurm..
Love
Crashing! Crashing! Crashing!
When my friend borrows my phone to use his Facebook, after he logouts, I'll log-in my own and it goes to the dashboard and suddenly logouts by itself. It's annoying. Then when I'm sharing, liking, or even commenting on posts, an error saying "Something went wrong", fix this Facebook.
Piece of crap, invasion of your privacy
My hear beat
Moghijybb
Alwyz update ....it sucksss! Very slow also
Facebook is finaly good again!!!!
Ok
Nyc
thank you
Good to have
Not so good. Keep on updating. Change settings from time to time.
Very annoyed that you don't seem to listen to us. I really wish there was still the option to   set my news feed to what I want  it set to. Fed up with how we have to have that bull crap messenger in order to receive messages. I am about done with Face book.
excellent
Its cool
New updates keeps crashing and closing when I click on Random things. Never happened until most recent update.
If u learn smth from fast for Facebook ... I found in fast things that I wish to see here speed / personalised background / and simplicity / and I can share content with whatsapp users ... And fast uses only 21mb of ram Facebook is the battery nightmare 42mb of ram ... Please evolve there are people who hates the blue xD
Its so slowwwwwww!!!!
Facebook is a great way for keeping in touch with friends and family.
Sons chandi
So good
They removed messaging thus forcing consumers to install messenger app.
I'll rate this app higher when app users have the ability to reply to comments, and when there aren't as many bugs. Also, please fix how the fb games send auto requests, because that eventually becomes harassment. Just saying...
Learn about my ministry, and how it works in my daily life. Maybe you can use it in your.
Not a fan
Good
I love it
I do not want to see nudity on my Facebook, so I hide and report it. Then 5-10 minutes later I get a notification saying it has not been removed. Seriously what is not nude about a picture of a vagina or bare breasts? If it were a picture of a penis I guarantee it would be taken down. I don't care if its some post about how you shouldn't take nude photos and post them, there are other ways to get the point across. I don't need to see other women's vaginas to know not to take and  post nudes. Fix this, Facebook at least make a filter for these kinds of things. Its social media not porn.
need to get back to candy crush 156
Very helpful
Now I could chat with my friends
Its really cool i love it
Excellent
Shamima
My only problem is with every update something is taken away. Why can't I post something to a specific person's timeline anymore? My only option is to make it my status and tag them in it. I think not!

Keeps closing down after samsung tab system update will delete facebook looking for a new program to replace it
ZUR
Worked great, before latest update. Now it crashes after a few seconds,  and dose not allow like, shair, comments or posting.
Instagram is the number one for me to reach out your loved ones and of course your friends.....
i cant open the app after update. it keeps signing out even if i dont sing out intentionally.
Excellent
its show fb me
Its 3hours behind
I hate this update. It keeps on closing on me for no reason.
what happened in your app.i can't download it.how many hours ill try but it cant pls fix it asap..
It freezes and closes out of itself on its own.... getting annoying really fast!!!!!
Yashyash
It doesn't download quickly
Cohn
Can you fix the problem tonight my app keep shutting down :-(
love love
Chief Executive  of azteca
good information
This app takes up TOO MUCH space as it is and now you're FORCING us to download fb messenger? This is ridiculous!!!!
Fine Best
Its good
Does nothing but bog my phone down. Terrible!!
Apik
Needs to allow to copy from wall to get a five star
Rawat
Ilike it
Why do I have to download messenger just to use my messages?? Its so stupid. What if I dont want to? -.-
Kidestmanamaw kidest
I don't understand why Facebook is the only app that eats up so much memory on my phone. It's ridiculous. Although I like some of the features, I uninstalled it from my phone.
Keeps shutting down! Can't update my status,  can't open other people's posts!  Arghhhhhh!
Plz fix can I get back the older vision
Good
Nice
love
Everytime they update fb it messing up. Now y'all update on 8/1/14 did it again. Wtf. What date r y'all planning on fixes y'all mistaken can't even play my games now because of y'all. Well now a new update on 9/16/2014 y'all messed it up again. Why don't y'all just leave it alone
Basketball
Accessible! Convenient!
It's amazing how much more battery life I get when I do not have this app installed on my phone. Hopefully the developer does a better job managing power consumption and efficiency with the benevolent APIs to be found in android L. #projectvolta
Great way to talk to friends, always new updates and Facebook messager is great also.
Please add picture download option and add a option so that I can add a picture as comment in friends posts.
Its to slow to download
Another update again shutting down every 10minutes. Getting ridiculous. FIX THIS!!!!
Most crashed app I ever used.
I love it
Facebook need lots of work its running slow and has a lot of problems with it
Its Great !
Simply.... I love it
Good app
Soo cool aap
Crashes whenever I look at someone's page for like 3 months now
Causes Internet apps to crash when I try to open links. Sprint Samsung Galaxy S4
I can't see my recent post with facebook. Can you fix this little problem! It's harder to arrange and delete my posts in this app.
Its really good
Awesome
Since the update all of my status say "just now" but it was like 1 hour ago plz fix it
See how my fams been
Hr manager
Yes
Its good BT not work faster on 3g ...
Error on startup
34045497
I just got fb and it keeps saying sync with my contacts thats a bit annoying and fb should be more pravite,get that thought im good.
Just love Facebook I have no probs
Please fix this app, my samsung gt-p5210 keeps crashing when the app is up, makes impossible to use facebook.
Good move Facebook, making us download Facebook messenger just to chat with friends. Why can't u keep things simple?
Good app
This pos just keeps getting bigger and bigger
Bgosssss
please fix the facebook somtimes log,and automatic force close...your facebook was not responding
Cant open after update
Nice
I love Facebook
Impress me.
I am looking forward to seeing you there, but the page you requested could be the first
I love it, but I'll love it more if ...
It not loading all of the way.
Nice app
Nice
Awesome app.  I add a clean up to my phone so it might work better.
Needing someone happy go lucky, stress free, under 50 years old.... preferably..
Takes to much space
Good
Works horribly on wifi. Constantly times out. Closes by itself. When it's fixed, I will add stars!
The base app on my phone took 3mb of memory, then it updated and now takes 70mb, with no real changes other then visual. No other app uses even half that amount. Ridiculous.
Nice
Kayla
Susan bridal
Basically they can do what ever they want on your phone , and if you get messenger app they can access your camera and Mic anytime, they then sell the information to the NSA
Wonderful app

Love it
Y have not go it but I'm getting it and it going to be cool
Every time I try to search for someone the app brings me to a messenger app they want me to download and won't let me exit it I wanted facebook but I can live with out it thank you very much.
Omg I can't log in haven't been able to for almost a week. Idk what happened to fb but this sucks. I have uninstalled the update and reinstalled and still can't get on. FIX IT PLEASE
Good
Honestly, the old version of the app was better. I rather just sit on my laptop than ever using this. Too much of a headache with messages being gone. This is a waste of time and energy, whoever came up with the idea.. SUCKS! Keeps freezing: (
jg9
Hate it. Updating I'd very slow
Facebook is good for community network but sometimes is really slow ....
Crashes constantly after update. FIX IT!!
Works great! I just wish i didnt have to download messenger but that works great as well (:
My location stopped showing up in my status after the last update.
Keep coming with these great apps
fair..
I try to view all the most recent post but it keep on giving me back those post dated back to days back... pls at least give a tab to choose like iin destop
Exelant
way to big way to much memory used way to much power just for a app with out a widgit, if i have to i will find other ways to use facebook on my phone, please cut the size down and make it less invasive to my phone and then when it is less then 5mb i will think about down loading or 6 with widgit
The newer updates are glitchy and morw laggy it gets worse with every new update
Constantly freezes up. At least three times every single time I open the app.
When I open the PAGE the first thing I see is NO POST TO SHOW... when I GO to the NEWS FEED I can't see what my friends or what I post to it please fix this problem other wise I give it a ONE STAR!!!!
Khup changale aahe
It's not working
Facebook
The app out of no where will close out and it doesn't even allow me to see the feeds or notifications.   Please fix it's annoying having to go to my Internet just to see the notifications and feed.
Its amazing
from sanskarmodi it is coool awasome
Best thing in the world
ok
Need improvement
Since I have updated the new version of Facebook I cant go into my home page it keeps going back to newsfeed
I like it
Every time I try to write a post or respond to a post it crashes.  I'm uninstalling it.  (Samsung galaxy tab 3)
Jamal
Can't post on other's timelines unless I share from my page. What's up with that? Please fix. It used to work.
Good
Awesome is so cool
Dont ever download it. Waste of time guys.
Great app!
Miss uz
Very nice
Que esta pasando
First they took away the messaging from the app. Now everyone I try to look through my synced photo's the screen goes get and returns me to the news feed. Why? Facebook really sucks at the moment.
Free
Needs to b simplified
Trash!!!!!
It sucks! Always freezes!
Wowj
Very bad bad
The app is good but since last update it doesn't allow me to logout, instead, it get closed and when I try to open it, it says "Session Expired, plz log in again" then shows "Logging out" and then itself closes without logging out... and the whole process goes on like this.. Plz fix it  asap.
After updating, it comes up on the home screen "setting up Facebook" and doesnt do anything else, needs to be sorted!
Can chat with friends
After updated it crash can't view fb at all.
The fact that I have to download an entirely separate app to send messages now is ridiculous.
Super
Nadeesha
I am the King
FUUUUUUUUNNNNN!
Effective
I can't  complain!!
Previous version was good
Update
The Facebook app keeps on glitching and exiting out of the app. Please make a new update because the apps not working
After the update its so slow on just WiFi! and its sucking up all my data. Not a good update.
Good
Don't update. It is unusable.  Sucks butt.
Am juss loving it ;)
Thanks for Facebook applications free download
I love it.
Period
Keeps crashing
Everytime i go to share somthing it keeps crashing. plz fiz
This is very good app for connecting friends and family
Help me keep intouch with my spaud
What can I say? I love it and personally, I have encountered few problems. It's a must have app.
App works miserably over any WiFi.
Can you please make it so the news feed won't automatically take you back to the top when you are scrolling through what's been posted. This is extremely annoying. Thank you.
facebook
POS keeps freezing up..USELESS!!!
Very nice
Bit slow on my phone
Rocking
Wow... this app requires assess to A LOT of things on my cell phone. This also includes my camera/mic... very creepy. I almost didn't download this app because it wants practically ALL my info. Am I the only one totally weirded out by this? O.o
Love it
Hh
All I'm getting is a gray screen and can't get on my Facebook.This happened after the update!Thanks,Tonya B
I can't install it...... Why plz reply plz,,,,,
Of coure people like Facebook but 1 billion no way its Facebook use a computer
Good relationship within the family members
Good
Down time at work equals Facebook!
nice
It was So fabulous and amaZing!!!
Amol
Its too slow
ok je..
Amber stouard
D best
My love
Good app
Will not up date right
This app is really cool but it dose not want to download
Not bad
I like facebook
Facebook keeps freezing and then closing it's getting annoying! !!!!! Please fix ASAP since last update it's screwed up. I can't comment with out a closure.  Can't even post on friends page without closing all the way out. I see several comments having the same problems why aren't the administrator's addressing these issues?
Awsome app
Won't let me see my emojis
I love you facebook becuse my all friend any time with me .thank u facebooj
After I updated the app I haven't been getting any of my notifications for the past week. I tried uninstalling the app and installing it again, but it doesn't work. FIT IT PLEASE.
Perfect
This app used to be a fun way to communicate.  Now it requires you to do things you don't want i.e. messenger.  I will be joining a lot of my friends  and uninstalling.
Selamat
Facebook love it. Love the news
Since the latest upgrade the app freezes, does open a post completely.   I've had to uninstall and reinstall it twice.   Very frustrating.   UGH!
Good morning I would like to know about my Facebook why it sunddenly this appear. Please connect for me please thank you.
Can't post a video because its abusive!? The video is about family how is that abusive!!!!!
It's just for fun.
Good app love fb hate that messenger is a separate function now.  Keeps freezing and crashing.
Just keeps loading. Never works after up date.
I like this
Fix the news feed problem !!!!
Always freeze
Thing
Whenever i try to save changes to my Info, it goes to a blank screen with the apps tabs and header bar amd doesnt save my changes

Facebook now crashes EVERY time I try to use it.  I can no longer post or share anything. I have universals and reinstalled to no avail.  This app has now been rendered useless on my Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 10.1.
Facebook
I keep getting error 24 an no one can seem to help me I tried  my provider, the Play store.. an Facebook support just don't respond it's been over 3 months with no help .. do anybody know how to fix it.......as of today   9/ 28 /14 after  6mth  no Facebook  i was  finally  able  to download  facebook without  error  -24 anybody  received  that error  in the pass try  now  it worked  for me on my galaxy  3 note  yeah
It invades your privacy.
This sucks i can down load it but it doesbt let me get in to it
What happened top being able to do picture comments? Galaxy S4!
Its a good app but sticks alot
It keeps crashing
Interruptly for galaxy s
Star
Wonderful
As usual, I can't see the things I want to from ALL friends (not just who Facebook picks) and now I only get about 20 posts and then it just stops with a tiny done circle.  You need to hire better mind-readers..this is not what I was thinking or want from this app!!!
Love it
Constantly disconnects each time i try to view a friends post or a picture. Hate it can't get on FB using my tablet, i have yo use my phone!!!! Fix it
This app has improved drastically. And after being crap for so long.
Takes over 10 mins to load, doesn't work half the time, and freezes my phone.
After the latest update....that's what I got at the most of the time.
This is powerfull like a power rangers revange..,
Go Irish!
Keeps freezing
Facebook is the worst for mobile Sony experia
bug
Sweet app yo
Good
Not working properly
I enjoy the experience Facebook provides
With family
Fast .easy.mangeable.
It has a way on phone
Works like it should
I LIKED IT
Was forced to do this version since have a new phone. Every time I click on the icon to open, I'm brought here to the app store to open and always get kicked off. Fix please
Was working fine up until a few days ago now you can't do anything  it crashes every time it's opened please fix this ASAP
Its   hang up automatically my mobile has ram free i hate thiz app benchodd
Good but slow download. ..
Isn't loading my feed most of the times. Very frustrating haven't had problems till now what's going on?
Staying connected.
When I go to upload a photo the screen turns whiteish/Grey and won't allow me to do anything. Please fix this.
Having problems
1. Add share button on the right corner of facebook pages and profiles to share facebook pages/profiles 2. Add option to choose more advanced custom privacy of posts/photos 3. When clikcking comments/replies navigation does not return to previous position. 4. Add "Search" option to the "Messages" section. 5. Add "Select text" option to copy the posts.
It's ALWAYS slow... saying just a moment and then says Facebook is not responding and I click on report and it won't let me report it!!! Plus, now all statuses are jumbled together as in someone posted something 5 minutes ago and then the next 2 days ago!!! Hate it
Good
To good
I have some Spanish friends. How to translate the Spanish updates in English in Facebook.
Won't Download on SamSung
Tnx
Ever since the new update everytime I try clicking on a link it says Google has stopped working and my feed will not load!  This sucks, never had these problems before the update!
Everytime I try to see my messages it says we have now switched to messenger ... learn more or get app. It no longer says no, not now. I cant see my messages unless I have messenger ... BULLSHIT
Randomly shuts down since update
Maverick and goose
Kps showing loading n nothing...fix it now please.
Goood
It's too good
Great social networking app.
Hides stories from me. Needs an option to order news feed by date so I can see everything. No messaging.
Can play allot of games love dragon city
Doesn't let me upload photos or delet thing
I'm using 3g but it is not responding f*** that
La odio
Porn is ok to upload to fb but fb refused to upload a video of my kid spinning on a chair laughing. .. porn is less offensive then my happy kid?! FU FB shove it
Ilove birtches
It keeps crashing
Does the job
After an update cannot post picture. Fix it please. Tq
nic
Can,t not play video
My app keeps crashing....im only on for ab 10-15 mins and it crashes....
All of you download this
Facebook app is having trouble paying videos. I am unable to pay any video.
Fb is on a suicide mission. Only top stories in feed, and have to find list for most recent making it complicated. Killing pages by not showing posts to followers. Limited access to groups for admins, unable to get notifs for posts. Uninstalled... Edited: I tried this app once more. It still sucks. The older, older version was more accessible. Uninstalled, again.
I like this app
Like it
Good app
Its good
rrrrrr ... it keeps on saying problem with facebook katana what so ever then there will be a pop up saying Facebook not responding then with will uninstall itself ... and here I am ...installing it again, again and again that is why I decided to leave a comment... well thanks for your app that it's free so the thing I'm wasting is my time ...
I've had to uninstall this app and reinstall it to get it to work properly. When I would try to open it it would bounce back to my home page. Now that I've reinstalled it I'm having a difficult time trying to see any pictures. Ugh...frustrated!!
Every time I watch a video the app needs to force stop. Fix this will you please
Why?
amazing
Nice kaya lang sobrang bagal m.,...
Cool, friends, family
the app is nice overall, but I would like an update like this. I sometimes like to use m my phone in landscape mode and the fb app is good but not too good. I wish that when its on landscape mode that when scrolling down, the notifications and search bar up top would like disappear. like example: go on the eBay app and when scrolling the things up top dissapear and appear when u scroll up. thx :D
Since the new update when I scroll down newsfeed it completely shuts down. This needs to be fixed or I will no longer use Facebook!
Not bad tho! Classic
Facebook is awsome
FACEBOOK
Doesn't let me voice chat
Samsung 10" Tablet - randomly closes back to home screen when sharing or viewing people's pages.
hi
I love this app however, it's almost a week since it's not working. Always "connection lost or error" even I have the wifi. All apps and sites are working perfectly except fb. Please help me... i really want this app to get back to normal perfectly as it was...
A more better layout and concept
Loo
I have account but I can't login why? Telling me to enter my password but how.
Hated the new updates. It keeps stopping my videos 3 seconds from the end and overloading my CPU!
BETTER ACCESS THAN WEB VERSION..
It's ok
ITS STR8
Love it
It keep on stop
Wont let me see my msgs unless i have the messaging app. Wth?! Whatever. I only have it for a few days and delete again for months.
I don't want FB messenger for the few messages a month I sent. I have to reinstall the FB app every time. ridiculous!!!!
Wonderful way to connect
5 stars when you let us message straight from this app and also  when it doesn't go all the way to the top when I accidentally push back. Thats why you have the option to to click see newer posts. So annoying.
Why So many space it use on my phone?  delete my game it still take MB on my phone and pop out it said space memory full
Keeps force closing.
Hi mama
Why my Facebook updates can't use
Love it

Simply sucks!! Gets worst everytime you upgrade!!
3 star just because I'm a regular user but the app keeps crashing whenever I try going on someone's profile or posting up a status. Please fix.
What's a problem..?always crash when i open my facebook..please fix this.
iPhone has an updated version that is better.
very use full app
Awesome and  easy #
Great
This Facebook app makes my phone freeze once in a while & also takes forever to send my messages.
No longer getting notifications!
Slow to load up, respond to input, and laggy to use even on higher end android hardware.   Still needs work to be enjoyable to use.
My phone notifications have no sound or vibrate even though they are checked. The app freezes, jumps to top of news feed when I don't want it to and closes for no apparent reason.
Still would like sms back with chatheads
Good app
My home timeline doesnt show the newest feeds of my friends. When i scroll down, it suddenly goes up n i have to really begin scrolling down to reach where i was.
after log into facebook,i get various imformations,i can share my heart out,i encourage others with my daily verses n im encouraged.amen
Why does it force close all the time?
Keeps crashing and reloading. Then runs for a min and freezes. Then reloads again and crashes.
Coool app
¨r(¨s_¨t)¨q
Since the recent update, no problems with this app, works great! Luv the sharing feature, bout time that was added to the app!  :D
When I open the app and start to scroll down the news feed, the app crashes. I dont know what updates they did but whatever it was , IT SUCKS!!!
Cool
My location didn't appear ..
Accha hai
Stop trying to sell me Facebook Messenger. Why? I can text.
Keeps force closing ever since I got messenger.
It's crap keeps freezing and being non responsive doesn't show up latest posts have to keep closing and opening it to get it to work :| Grrr
worst fb ever
Good
I just really wish you guys would actually fix it when we send you a report! It always freezes and doesn't like to load up properly! So tired of it!
There's always SOMETHING wrong with this app! Ugh!
It installs on phone storage cant be moved to external sd pls improve it the it is worty for 5 Star as because of the installation fault i m giving it 2 Star.
Michael  Valiton
Fb will close out after a minute being on there. I will be scrolling through my feed, it'll freeze, the kick me out. It's been happening for a while now, please fix..
It keeps crashing. Plus I don't like that it jumps me to the top of my news feed as I'm scrolling. Very unsatisfied
Beautiful
Constantly crashes
Had facebook could not login deleted it and now i wanna download it again rhen ur is error
it sucks when it keeps saying i entered the wrong password.
Facebook
It closes on me. Freezes on me. Shuts down. Quit trying to fix something that isn't broke and breaking it in the process.
When I open a page on from news feeds or go to my Facebook page the Facebook app keeps Crashing
Online
When I open up Facebook within a few seconds it locks up. I cannot scroll, I cannot do anything please fix. This happened when it updated and it now automatically plays videos that you don't want to watch, it plays everything. Let us watch what we want to watch!!!!
Glad a lot of frustration better today, now to stop the crashing.
Don't like not being able to send private message on app. Don't want messages app ether..
The app itself is good but it completely kills it since one cannot send messages without downloading the messenger app. Therefore because I cannot use Facebook fully I am inclined to give it one star.
too slow, too large file for slow apps, can somebody make another apps to be downloaded..
happy b-day
I like the app but I don't want the update. Why does it need access to my SMS, call logs, calendar, emails and the permission to "rewrite without my permission?" Isn't it enough that fb has my gps info and contacts?
People own tablets that are NOT iPads. This is a pathetic app for tablets.
If you're going to make such a huge deal about removing messenger from the main application ... then remove the damned icon already
Nice!
Horrible. Crashes constantly with the past 2 updates on galaxy s4.
Shitz gay
Update Has Destroyed Facebook .. I Can't Login Now & It Keeps Crashing
I have an LG G2, the newest newsfeed is from 5 hours ago. I can use my phones internet to check FB and get info faster & read my messages. Completely useless app going to uninstall
Its annoying keep saying application force to close
You need to have it like on the computer were you can play games.
To slow sometimes..
Thanks
Love it
Many people leave FB especially youngsters. Now mostly adults remain, good enough for me :-)
Recently updated and i can't even use it on my tablet now. It keeps shutting down. Seriously frustrated
It was amazing :) I can easily upload a photo and chat with some friends of mine , so you better install it ..
Crashes frequently.
Facebook
i like to play more
good
Get almost anything u want I have a problem with signing IN ?
So slow to connect
Very slow. Wish I could switch photos around from album to album. You would think this would have been a feature awhile ago....
Slow and keeps crashing.
It ok
Got the latest update and i can't do anything, updates are meant to make bettef not worse. Till i looked at other reveiws i thought it was just my galaxy 3 but nope. Fix this quick
Loved it
Don't even know why I have the app. Invasion of all kinds of privacy .
It says my phone is already activated with another account, but when i try to log in with my number it says facebook doesn't  recognize the number... o.O please fix this...
Is what it is...
Slow
facebook
Facebook is awesome even though mine won't update and I know it has updated please fix
That app is utterly useless. Hust because you force it on people doesn't mean they'll change their minds and love it.
Does not let me go on it
If I share any video or link and photo facebook apps is automatically close not good for my samsung tab 3 :(
Hassan367763
Hi
I don't care about posts from 2 days ago. Bring back the 'most recent' option for sorting. Just updated and still no most recent option.
Every time I uploaded a photo or video shuts down!!!
I get the girls u no I fell like Facebook
Haha
Sux
Gods
GreAt
Slowly
Super and smart
Slow keeps resetting
Why do you can't make an application using lower RAM memory with size of maybe 5-6 mb. Now, it's slowing phone and uses too many RAM
its crazy looooove it<3<3:*
Your  spying on me really no need for all the permissions
Please fix
Facebook is not good because they are many people that not good
The only thing i dont like!     Is that  facebook  is allowed to hack into your  phone ...
galaxy 3 tablet. Cant even use the FB app as is crashes 10 seconds after I open it. Please get it straight!
It keeps closing when i get to a video!!!!ugh
Halima
It won't even let me sign in on my android tablet saying its lost connection even though I'm still connected to WiFi
Facebook
The finest Facebook Avery
up up
Facebook
Please fix this because it can consume almost half of my phone's memory
why i can't post pic
Been tryna download. Facebook. But its not working
Great update. It crashes now constantly, even after i tried deleting and reinstalling the app.
App
To slow
Pictures aren't loading and it keeps crashing. Sort it out!
Lol
I love Facebook and how I can connect with my family members that I don't see often and I can talk with my girlfriend who lives in Kentwood and that I can see what my friends are up to but what I don't like it how old post that have not been committed on are moved to the top of the news feed even if you put new post FIRST NOT Old post and how I will have to pay if that's the cases then when it goes in to effect I might as well just delete my account. And I will tell my girlfriend to do the same if it cost $
Loved it
Dood
Nice relationship
Crashes all the time now
emebet
Sabla gethew
Thanks a lot
I like it
Why is it taking too much memory? It's so slow and unstable...
RTZ
Mdsabujmich
Nice
When i post, comment, go to notifications, home, profile... When using it! Dafuq?!
awesome
Very good
Excellent web
Al posts wrote just now why I don't know!!? What can I do to edit the time of posts
Works some of the time. I'm switching to Friendcaster.
Since the last update of this app it has started freezing up just moments after opening and scrolling down my newsfeed. Very frustrating!!
Thanks
I love it
My Newsreel always refreshes without warning and goes back to Posts from the day before as showing first. I it is terrible. After it refreshes the time line of posts on my page is completely out of chronological order. I hate it. I I would give negative stars if I could.
The best
Its too slow and keeps freezing my phone.
Open
its working marvellous
:
Old  it lame  kik  better  and  instagram
b4 i like but now....something grrrrrr...
Ammizing
I want to learn more from this social network!
Still the same always freezes please fix
Very nice
Its not at all working ,tthats sad on facebook part though ,nation wide app that dont work
Uh la la
It's bad app . it's very slow
Constantly freezes up. Hate the mobile app.   I want to be able to search within a page too.
Good to chat
nice
Kop
New version is Faster
After downloading facebook my phone show low space
exlent
very excellent
Love it
-can't select "custom" privacy settings from app to hide posts from select people.    -there is no way to receive "other" message folder which is a huge problem!  - the message service glitches, I'll go into inbox click a conversation but it always defaults to my previous conversation! Also i can see the first sentence at a glance from the inbox that the person has replied but when I go into the Convo its not there!! Please fix these problems!
Why does it keep crashing...thats why im giving it a humble 4 star rating
I cannot see friends now, its shows loading,even if typed in search bar friends are not shown. Not able to see who is online.
Strongly Slow please Update
m 
 m
Why do I need FB for others apps?
Love it
I love this app however, it's almost a week since it's not working. Always "connection lost or error" even I have the wifi. All apps and sites are working perfectly except db. Please help me... i really want this app to get back to normal perfectly as it was...
Its ok
Very slow. Freeze s all the time. Have to close and restart constantly
Sid
This is like half of my life, praise the lord this was created!!
I downloaded messenger. I hated it. I deleted messenger I will not use messenger. I don't care how fast people will respond to me. I just want to use my application's messenger. You guys were using it without my consent.... i have my fb chat on. But i still can't use my application's messenger. FIX. PLEASE.
Very much satisfied
Hanif
They keep saying my fb e-mail isn't right,yet it auto fills the right one each time.I wish you could fix this.Other then that its seems like it will be OK.I'll rate it another time.
Good
Addicted
permissions are ridiculous.
Facebook in
all
Facebook won't load! App shuts down before it even opens! (Huawei mt1-u06 android 4.1.2)
allows
Keep force closing galaxy note 2
When u log out of fb on mobile or clear fb data for storage purposes, you won't receive notifications of messages or activity until you log in again. So if you go to fb via phone & have to enter your password, you will not have received any notifications from fb throughout the entire period of your being logged off.
Too slow plz fix it I will give five star
Needs inproving..dont not like the new way for messages also if you start charging monthly i will delete it..
Verryfaest
To big
Easy way to keep up with  friends and what's going on.
I love facebook.  Its great to connect with friends and family
It's a great way to communicate with my family & friends!
Pretty good so far on my galaxy s5
Everytime i click to view a profile the app freezes!  It worked fine until the last update.... Fix it!!  Samsung galaxy tab 3.0
W
Really awesome.
Best aap
Can't see people's profile pictures
The most recent update is horrible, which seems to be the consensus with everyone's post. There are multiple things that I don't like about it or that simply don't work. However, the main thing is not having access to the "most recent" news feed. Even when I go through the trouble to select it on that menu on the right it still doesn't display the most recent info. Currently this app is very frustrating & disappointing!!! Next time FB do a focus group so you know that your changes are a bad idea!
Good
Not working when update
M in
Download pictures
awesome
It is crashing all the time, really annoying.
Great app
Lovee
when i scroll down and then crash please fix fb now
786
Works perfect on my other phones,but on my lg l70 with root. it doesnt close any apps,well it shows that it does but it really dont.
Why do we need to download a 2nd app to use the thing???messenger is a joke
Looking bad
Bongobondhu projonmoLeaguae Rangpur
The app crashes 30 sec after opened on my galaxy tab helpppp
The facebook app is fabulous. But now the chat and messages does not work unless you have a messenger installed. This is ridiculous. The fb messenger is very slow,it makes phone slower. So there should not be dependency on messenger for chat to work. Please remove that.
I CAN.T LOVED IT
AK

App closes when i try to open my business page and sometimes when i try and comment on a post
I like connect with my old friends friends so this is awesome
5srar
71983919
Ever since I downloaded the most recent update im not able to control my newsfeed anymore... it wont allow me to see the most recent statutes it gives me statuses from 3-4 days ago!!! How can I fix this... :( :( also keeps freezing and crashing ... super slow on galaxy s5
Messanger to message sucks sucks sucks
Nice application
I barely get on it anymore because it keeps crashing
Hasn't been working on Wi-Fi for around a month now.
Facebook makes me hate my friends and I don't want it in my phone get it off
The facebook app is retarded. It doesnt even log out properly and it takes like 20 minutes just to not load back into facebook to log out abd says "error loading newsfeed" then I have to press log out again. So dumb.
It always force close whenever i get notification.. I cant even surfing more than 3 minutes and had to restart it. Fix it and it will rate 5 stars..
Not to bad
LIKE IT
Liki it
Will you fix the freaking issues with the Samsung galaxy tab 3 10.1 please
Nice
Awesome
its okey
Get anything you want just free
Happy
good
I am very satisfied. Keep up the good work! :D
Do not like the new UPDATE at all!! Its slow amd gets stuck and hard to do anything on FB now!
Full of bugs
Facebook convert the world in a room
The news feed became worst after the recent update.. Update it again nd solve the problems
mr money marker
Love it
A great way to keep in touch and chat with your friends and colleagues!
All body parts 2, but heart is 1 aisa kyuuuuuuuuuu......???????
Why did we
C
Great
I use it daily.  Connected with many good old friends, and more importantly keep up with my large family and friends.
Loved it
Asha syamsudin

Reliable
M
It id
I love it.
tiada Gigit
Can't do anything involving pictures!!!
too slow...eats up to much ram
It doesn't let me connect
Nice
It doesnt open since the new update!!
Nice app for fb
It keep crashing all the time. It slow all the time
It's a little better but I wish it allows you to share things to a person's messenger, the options on the app are limited to your timeline, a friends timeline and group page.  It's unlike the desktop version that let's you share to a friends messenger. Fix that and it's solid.
Mast h bhai
Where is the stop notification button
Yeet
It's shows loading n suddenly closes
Add the photo in comments option then ill give 5 star rating !!!!
Mast
Good
Good
It took up to much data on my phone. Bruh
After you update it gets so slow. Can even scroll past 5 stories without it freezing than shutting down. Rarely cal reply to my messages because it freezes so much. #G-Vista
Thanks
Nice
It' really fantastic.
Cool
Always crashing
I installed it to mmc every time it's uninstalled after my mobile restart...
Like
Not only is your UI disgusting, the app itself is unstable. Constant crashes, failure to load anything, videos make it freeze. It also takes up almost half of my RAM, which causes lag and overheating and no, it's not my phone.
The best
Sometimes ok sometimes when i open fb sesion expired. And it takes too long time before it open
On the Top Stories feed, it cuts off the first post by about 1/3 of the story. If you drag down to reveal it, the app thinks you're refreshing the feed, reloads it, and the first post is again cut-off.
Great
Good
When I try to change my name on Facebook to my REAL NAME it says it's not a real name!
Harkesh.gurjar
It's o.k. for now
Saleem
Worst update ever, it made facebook useless.dont ever update it.
Nice apps............!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Good app
Very very nice facebook.......
This app was fine till it recently updated fix asap!!!!!!
Ever since the update,  it crashes and freezes.   It's ridiculous that fb took multiple steps back with this so called update.
thanks so much
It want push notifications I have to enter app to know I have anything
IT'S OK WHEN IT'S NOT STOPPING WHICH SEEMS TO HAPPEN A LOT...
Crashes every time I open peace of crap crazy how Facebook has so much so much time and they even make a decent App
Connecting people
Loves it
It doesn't even works.keep crashing.
Nice
Goooooooood
It's a very nice site to stay in touch with family...
Ever since the Galaxy Tab 3 did an update, Facebook will randomly shut down when I'm in the middle of something,  VERY FRUSTRATING!!!!!! Happens every time I'm on Facebook
My Facebook is not working on wifi all of sudden it does not load...I have tried re installation and restarted my router as well...pls help me out with this issue.

I have a 12.2 in tablet and when I open this app it expands everything to where it's huge and I have to scroll to see a full picture.
Awesome
G
Fast and better.
There's some pages who have a REPLY in the comment section,but this program don't show it,so please fix,I'll be the first one who update.
When I  got my cleaning app., and try to login to other sites, it tells me that my facebook has been disabled, plus it sticks alot. Why?
Make it fix and fast pls...
Love
there is nothing wrong my internet connection
a awsome app helps to conact with friends
It use 100MB+ of RAM
Awesome
Problem in installing
Doesn't let me download
Syresh.sri.fri
After the update the app sucks
Remove must want Facebook feature.....its kinda irritating.
So Sweet
The best
Facebook is great. Always has been. The people on it are another story. Haha
Raj Love india
I like the app but it keeps crashing on my new tablet
nice fb
Its is a super medium to ..connect global hearts.
Kewl
Ali
Its using abt 70MB of ram.. Must work on this.
Good application
No
Very bad... for 3 days now the newsfeed doesn't load. I can only view my notifications. Tried uninstalling and reinstall again but still it wont load.
Updates are supposed to be an IMPROVEMENT!  NOW the app freezes and just closes down?   What is going on Facebook??  STILL Disappointed.  Please fix.  Samsung Galaxy S II  i9100  May uninstall & use Web version.
Hell if I know. Facebook has lower ratings than Whale poop
Facebook made my connection for dragonvale go down and I got really mad.
after update i cant see profile pic
One
It so fun
Perfect
I new version install
On the Samsung Note 3 and freezes
Is good
As I have noticed. Photos saved to FB can't be transfer to USB or other back up files unless do it in a one by one transferring. I hope this kind of FB thing will be fix for future need. I just don't know if other user notice this. It's quite fast to upload from gallery to FB what about from FB to USB? Not all pictures are still available in my phone. I hope this will be given kind attention.if a certain person decided not to use this site, how all of those pictures be transferred at one time...less time...
Has trouble loading some pictures..other wise its perfect. But I think it could use more Stickers for messenger like: Pokemon, My Neighbor Totoro,  Bravest Warriors,  Spirited Away,  and more Chibi/Kawaii Cat stickers! PLEASE soem make this happen! It would be cute and awesome just sayin :P
Slows to a stop on Android, ads on timeline are intrusive.
Nice
Good
Older version was best

Love It
Adreson
Better than old
Better than facebook in apple because i dnt need to download messenfer here
Nice
I don't know if it was the Facebook app or not but while i had this app my phone caught a virus.......NOT GOOD AT ALL!
After latest update, app randomly closes while using
It crashes ever so often, and now forcing me to download Facebook Messenger
It serves no purpose,  wastes time and gives out all your information and the access to your whole phone is ridiculous
It good for socialing and communication it's awesome
When I scroll down my news feed it takes me back to my home screen please fix this problem
Wissam Jabbour enfeh el koura
Gjl
TV
Messed up! It grabs total RAM !
Best hai
Good
Keeps crashing
Just a better way to waste time :-D
I can't even freaking uninstall it, for Christ's sake
Im not getting my notofications sent to my phone and they are turned on.. its really irritating.
So cute
Yes its a big app, but it's also a big company with lots of resources. There should be NO BUGS! The absolutely most annoying bug for me is that when you Like a photo, you return later to see that the Like does not remain registered. WTF! UPDATE: I recently discovered that Facebook was one of biggest drains on my battery. I Greenified its sorry arze today because it should run ONLY when I want it running. Now, no more battery drain!
Fb is gr8
Good at some and not so good at some stuffs like getting crashed and need to force stop and some other like(old version) always shows a pop up that to download the messenger often when i open my messages and it wont let ua messages open which i hate
So my phone is wicked fast but for some reason it takes about 10 minutes to load one picture. And it doesn't load anything until I click it (picture,links,videos) then like I said takes another 10 minutes to load. Same thi g with the instagram app. Maybe I should've stuck with Apple.
Gr8 app
I like this app
Wants acces to too much personal information. Just downloaded so not sure how app runs
Yeah, If you could just stop updating Facebook every 5 minutes, That'd be greaaaattt...
Hello
I like it. It works for me fine. My phone looses signal and it slows down but nothing bad.
Bad
Kill
But very slow
This is a goood
draiver
Never say
Nice .............
Excellent friends connector.
It is a good app
I love face book but it suckes add small vids like snap chat or vine or insagram....
Amazin
Keeps shutting automatically!
There is a bug.. Everytime I try to open the app, it crashes. The first update worked for a little bit,  but not anymore
The latest facebook update causes alot of problems. It fail to keep me signed in or logged out then it crashes. Yesturday and friday, it crashed when i wasnt using it then kernal panic mode comes on to my screen and i had to hard reboot for my phone so i could use my phone again. The whole kernel panic mode thing is not good. And it was just facebook that caused it.
bast
If yall could have automatic uppdates by itself, instead of me refreshing the notification for new comments, when i am already on the comments ppage.
Fb   ...
Facebook
Awesomes
Great app
Seems pretty easy for electronically challenged people like my self. Hope that putting photos on proves to work well too.
Slow!
I love facebook
Fantastic
Easy to share with friends.

I refuse to install a separate app to message people. Bullshit no ifs ands or buts.
Shum I mir
Too slow and it keeps crashing
NICE!
It takes FOREVER to download and half the time it won't work!!!! Give us back the option to select most recent! And I can't believe we now have to download another app just to send messages!!! FIX IT AND I WILL RE RATE!!
Great
For bell cover our free tyme nd contect us our frnds
Good
Superb app
ok
Very good
bestapp
Constant crashes.  Facebook sucks anyway people should just go outside and have real interactions. Facebook is making stupid people dumber.  Dat makes sense.
Mandeep
Jb b f.b kholo ghnta lgta hai pehlay to setting up f.b mein.
Keeps showing the confirmation bar thing.and I can't get out.there's no cancel button.please fix it
So nice
risk
Too big, uses too much of my phones resources; had to give up too much privacy to facebook. Uninstalled.
Way to stay in touch
Facebook lets me keep in touch with family and friends.
Liked it
The only bad thing about it is that you have to install messenger.
I like it
I accidentally removed fb. From my phone and now it's saying' incompatible update '?
Si Thu
When I select the app it says just a moment for a hour than when it loads it says survice unavaluable
Great for keeping in touch
I might even move to google plus.
Supeer
Lentisima
Video camera doesn't work on my device
Good
Facebook
Nice
L.T.C
I had to uninstall.. I dont want an application that forcing me what to install on my phone..
Doesn't wanna install on Sony Xperia E1, after downloading it starts to install but then says "incompatible version "
Taking lots of time to load.
You know!
Awesome
I watch a vid then scroll down my news feed and watch another one and it plays the video that I had watched previously -.- and then says that Facebook has stopped working and its so frustrating cuz it happens all the time -.- but that's the only problem and it sucks
Faisl
Facebook shows "incompatible update" since my phone's (Sony Xperia E1) os upgraded to 4.4 kitkat.. Pls fix immediately..
Nice appa
Don't update.  It is rubbish
24.9.2022
Why doesn't it show the emojis
Awesome...<3 <3 . My fvrt app !  i keep using it everyday  ..
Unable to access your messages though this app. You need the messager app which is trash.
All my friends profile pictures have disappeared since update! :-(
223344
Loving the new version
Awesome...
It allows me to chat with friends
Love this
Stop forcing me to download the messenger app to read PMs!
This app just crashes every time since the update
I like this app bcoz it is very fast and easy to use. It previews pictures and videos.
Soni

My daddy with his hunting dogs
Why do Facebook need to update almost everyday? Please combine smaller updates with bigger updates and release them at one go.
Nice
Yes now good
Nice Facebook
B
Nyc....
Slow on deleting characters at messages, please fix asap
Very awesome at my Moto X !! :D
kewl app
Very good. ..
Best
Outstanding
While i open this app. It says setting up and nothing go anymore. Crushing , please fix it...
Great
Loved
I like
Nice but hard to log in
Facebook
Are you serious with the permissions on this?
Nice software
Its no showing people profile pic on the homepage and you have to logout twice
Loved it......
John Hopkins aka Hoppy
Alright
Its very nice
Still can't see videos. The messenger app is too intrusive!  Considering uninstalling this abomination all together... Facebook works better on Chrome
Love it
Bst
Feel it
Can't see my friends profiles like before. And I can't see any link to their photo albums? One star until it's fixed.
I can be looking through news feed and it will just close and shut down. Please fix this problem. It's not just on my tablet it is also doing it on my phone.
Why isn't there an option on sharing status updates?! I think that should be an option. I dont want ALL of my statuses shared.
I love this app. I'm addicted. Try it.
Heeee
For some reason several times I try to open a link which needs to be opened with chrome it crashes. Not sure if it's Facebook's fault or chrome's but this doesn't happen with any other app. Also the images  aren't loading well, again. Thank you for making Facebook unusable on mobile devices forcing me to turn on my desktop
Freezes. Yup
Kamalchand
BAIGAN! SAHI HAI
I keep up with more stuff
Niceee
Kona
Facebook
No good always not working....
K
Good to search your friends & family build your network day by day
Xo like
Pics from albums not opening, also there are bugs in returning to the previous page.
Love facebook:)
SATISFIED/EXCELLENT!!!
Too slow won't allow you to view entire news feed continuously shut down ..
Great progress seen this improve loads over past year
It's a lovely 1 guy's I just loved it
Imran ahmad
Keep saying Facebook isn't responding then force closes wtf makes me just want too delete my account cause well i can't use it so what's the sense
like
I am not able to install facebook in my mobile
Vn
Fac
Designer....
Facebook always shut down by its own as I was using it. Please improve your app.
this app is amazing !! but somethimes is not
Its a digital media, user shown to all kinds of social related matter & shake with business meet. Love it.
No tenx
Good
5 stars
So very happy to the    intended recipient please notify us at your browser and then you have a few days of the sender   immediately notify
Nice pro
always
Videos are not play in micromax canvas 4 a 210
Keeps crashing & no news feed options
app got so many problem... i cant log out or log in again.
facebook
It's fabulous
Kimmy
Wow
Nice very fast
Wow
#Its good
It won't let me open at all. Keeps shutting down. Fix it plz and fast.
Facebook App
Manish PATEL
A great way to keep on contact with friends!!  Recently I got in touch with a school friend I had lost contact with since 60 years ago n CREDIT GOES TO FACEBOOK!!!!  Thanks
I can' uninstall the app even though I never use it
Spam
Nice
Ayush
Loved it
Magnifique
This app is half life of pepole
Fast??? Its 2 slow man even on wifi or 4G !! :/
Fine
the photos are loading slow can't see it
So Nice .
it's ok
Great
Facebook itself is excellent, but this app is by a mile, the worst app I've seen. It's ugly, shockingly slow, unresponsive and just plain awful. It was fine before the update but now it's dreadful and am very disppointed.
Verygood
After new update it keeps shutting down & not loading images. Comes up with "Facebook not responding". Please fix this.
Gud and works smoothly
I can't post video
Can chat with family that u haven't seen long time
It keeps on crashing again and again it's really painful to open the app a thousand time just to read 1 thing. I've uninstall and re install but still same problem please fix it
Amazing app.
It crashes sometimes.
Recent update which brings last comment on any post is helpful.
super nice
Ang bakal ng App na'to Yamot!
Cool ap p
K
Swipe down doesn't work always. Please fix it.
Kyulle 61
ang galing
Update your phone system first..then u got it.....
Nice
Cool
Nic aap
Only 3 for now.
I really want to delete if off my phone yet can't....i can always use chrome to get on FB so why am i forced to keep an app i don't use? P.s it would be nice to be able to at least see top comments if i can't delete it :)
Loved
Jamshad khan
Dimond city restudent
OK HDTV
Does the new update allows the app to move to SD card especially in Samsung galaxy fit?
I have to try first
Some time it's hang my drive but it is fast then any browser.
Aswome app
#dIVYne Gr8ness !!!
f***k
Cooool !!!
Nice aap
very good app
Its better than on a computer
Facebook use to work fine and now since the most recent update, the pics won't upload in my newsfeed. As I scroll through it, I can't see any pics or videos. I hope this get fixed it something.
I give 5 star..  Because verry good app...  :D (LOL)
good.
Awsome timepass.  Connecting wid loved once
Does not let me stay in app for more than a few seconds. Crashes when trying to look at pages etc
My old account I cant open and find can u plz help me?
Facebook is good and play store nice
After last update have a problem, suddenly "forced close" for 5-10 times... Still Continue..
Well not stay  open so i csn do any thing please fix i try to u install and re install it didn't work
Mahendranraj
Great!!
Has become too slow and is crashing a lot
Fix it
i use it
I cant download it. Please fix it . I'll give 5 star :)
Very good apps fast procecing.
Great
Great way to meet your friend
Really?
Locks my phone up all the time
consumes s lot of space.
Ruby Kohli
Waste
Its so slow when I'm using it, it automatically close. Fix it
Nice what it's very slower
Mani
Whats your status
Ioved it
Good app
For some reason several times I try to open a link which needs to be opened with chrome it crashes. Not sure if it's Facebook's fault or chrome's but this doesn't happen with any other app.
Ds is cl nd esy 2 use
When auto-reloading, the page scrolls up without warning. I didn't even press the New Stories button...
Luckily people like myself who have a custom ROM which has app ops or some other form of application allowing us to customize permissions are safe but many other people aren't, people who don't know what root or customs ROMs are. Please fix your permissions.
Good Job
I love this app. It helps me connect with the world.

I like fb very much
My friends
This app is cool! Lol
Log out problm
Love it or hate it, it is Facebook on your device.
I love this app
Good
When I launch this app..it always say "setting up facebook"and "wait a moment"..after that its says connection lost and when tap it...CRASH!! Please fix this
Come on, I shouldn't have to download an app to use another app. That is ridiculous. I hate it!!! 
perfect!:)
Dheeru
Joy
Awesomee site
I cant upload pictures to my album. When I was about to upload, it always freezes
Crashing evrytime
Niceeeee app
Still not
Its just okkkk..
Too much ads and therefore doesn't look clean. Also it would be nice to get back the messaging option.
I am so angry with Facebook profile pictures not showing up on my contact list. Fix it please
Balkishan tak
Fg
Beniwal
Works better but expenses more data
M.r.vaghela
My life is my mother&father.l miss my sweet heart everytime.
Nuwan
Social
Good
Good very good
Need more construction........and more functions.
Updated app...next minute Cant watch videos & when scrolling thru news feed unable to scroll up then loose news spot
Nice
Bye bye see you never
Exillence app
Not only are the updates HUGE files, but the app has so many floors. One of them being photos aren't loading at all in landscape mode. Fix it facebook.
Raid
Facebook
Keyboard bug. I can't type everytime I wanted to. The keyboard won't show up
working slow.
My phone became very slow.........
arissarasingprom
Realy this is excelent
Indu loved it
its working properly.
I hated this its not opening.i always uninstall and install it grrr
very good app with some modification....using this app on android very useful when ur moving or anywhere with ur android mobiles
Getting better
Ayos lang
Nice
Always shows setting up Facebook
y very slow to logout
I like it
Why i do not have a free call on my app..
Bad
Loved facebook. Soo much....
I use my phone browser for fb messaging now.
I can message with my freind
white wolf
khintun123456
After updated, cannot logged in! Please fix! TQ!
Not bad
I hate this app this is just a bad news for fb
Love it
The quality of uploaded video is awful. There are no upload settings in app
Nice apps but sometimes slow
Thanks
Write Something
Nic
Such a new
Good
super
Facebook
simply good
1 billion downloads. Are you kidding?
Munir khan
Kya bat hai facebook
Good app
I love using Facebook, but im not really like this app.just like Path,you must to download the messenger separately even it just checking and the messenger are still fail,it always closed when i use.
Facebook keeps closing on me every time I try to open it. Not happy
It eats mb
Its not coming up after the latest update has been done
Video are not download
Good
Better
awesome
Needs little more refined UI!!! Something as smooth as default Twitter client.
Arviondbrowser
When i log out .. Alwayes i get notification force to close nd also my cp hang
Loved it
Excellent  App
Unable to download ...
I like this facebook
Mean az a
Good
Always
Associated
Nice
Ek Dusre Se Jude Rahne Ka Sugam Madhyam.
It's logged out, and I force closed it, and after 2 mins, I see again Facebook consuming 100MB of my RAM..I mean, what the hell man.
I want to improvement by downloading videos on it.
Scrolling down the news feeds makes it freeze have to close and reopen

Look after
Everytime the Add Location is needed, FAILS TO AUTODETECT LOCATION EVEN IF GPS LOCKS NORMALLY. Hope sooner to get better update, V15 is better than this v17
Awesome...<3 <3 .
Because of this problem, my phone gets heavier and heavier. Please reseach, how to move FB into memory card or reduce it's needed memory. Encouraging, 5 stars
Used to work just fine. After the update it crashes chrome when trying to open a link. Other app links work fine.
Frenchy funky  slapy music player
The system crashes when multiple apps are used..
Loved it
Enjoy....fb
Very comfortable to use
A good app
Can't get on to my 'other' messages anymore... Everytime you "update" the app it becomes worse!!
I love this app
Nice
This app required a lot memory . Useless
very good app I enjoy it
Fb
Ebener
Crashes every other minute! Boooo!
love my Facebook.. everything works great!!
Ok
Nice......
!!!

Family '& friends @ my fingertips
Facebook
Love
Not working properly update properly
nice cool to be in facebook world
Every time I go into th app it just closes !
Loved it
Its alright
It's too slow! 
pt
Temperature forecast in events is presented in Fateheneit..... be aware celsius is used all over the world by billion of people. Fs are used only by about 300m.
l like
Ashrafizzudin
Absolutely the worst update ever. I sued to be able to get in and now it alwyas crashes. I go in, scroll once, click on something and it closes. This needs to addressed and fixed immediately.  I see alot of reviews are the same. I have to wonder if they are even being read!
Fine
Love it
Worse update...fix it please....
Please improve the sync contact module... it makes my phone slow
It keeps crashing... afterva few minutes or sometimes even a few seconds the app just shut off. Super annoying.  eeallyvneds to be fixed
I can't get sound on a lot of videos... fix it
Com
:)
nice
I like it
Lately it has been crashing every time I use it. It takes longer to crash sometimes more than others.  Used to work great, but not anymore! Please fix!
Force stop....
Facebook
Pictures take forever to show up
Meet your frieds on facebook
Raja G
A social media that lets you connect with who you want.      Accept the friends you.want to keep. Skip those u dont want in your life.
Soo Pretty :3
How To Apply More Likes My All Post?
Cool
I love it
Good
I uninstalled it. It is worthless!
AWSM
But why if opening long time.i hope Facebook if open to be faster
Love it!
Hussain
after a few years,I'm going to have to uninstall because it's taking up 112mb ofspace, that is WAY to much....
Displaying insufficient memory
Hahahaha
Siva siva
I hate it so much...
verygood
weak
Facebook
Crashes about 50 times a day and takes up way too much space please improve this and lts perfect
Marvellous
nice i like this app sharing pic very good
i deleted the app because it consumes TOO MUCH phone memory. hateful! i love facebook but not the app! it is so slow, most of the times, unresponsive. it always freezes. i just use an opera browser to check my facebook account when using my phone... why are the app developers doing this? nobody likes this app anymore. so stupid!
R.I.P my big red always in my heart Neva b forgotten lv nd miss u so much my friend my rock and the best uncle in the world my heart breaks with out u in it sleep tight marcie angle lv u bro xxxxxxxxxxxx
Thank you developers.
Good
Dapat mnggunakannye dengan lebih cepat..
Eee
I like chat with friend i love facebook
Last time the app was okay, after I updated the app, it keep crashing! After "Just a moment...", the app closes! Please fix it :(
Itzz totally awsome
Good
Very
Apparently this application integration issues R taken care of . :-)
Masud.mallick
Its ok
Helpful
Superb
I've tried deleting the app and starting again but nothing seems to work. It keeps crashing and not letting me scroll down me newsfeed. Highly frustrating! Not even worth one start at the moment.
Please fix the latest update. Keeps freezing, logging me out or doesnt work at all.
Can't log out & can't log inits getting worst day by day..  can't log out in one time. take two three times to log out & also showing to install messenger everytime when i want to open messages on my Facebook.
When I update Facebook apps then I'm facing the log out problem. Please fix it as soon as possible.
This app requires too much personal private information. It will not let you opt out of reading your text messages ,documents, contacts,access to your camera and microphone. Too Risky! Sadly disappointed.
Drains my battery with messager, and BTW I'm using the app with minimum permissions and it works fine. I suggest people who dont want these to look into rooting their phone.
Crashes endlessly on my note 3
Cool app!!!
Good
Goood
Thanks
Awesome
Fanatic
Super
sooooo00000per
Facebook
About 5 times a day it'll force close out of nowhere. Sometimes it locks my phone up and I have to take outside battery and put it back in and restart my phone. Same things also happens with your messenger app as well. Please fix it!!!!! It's annoying
Goooooood brogram
It will be very slow although i was apdate but it will just a moment then close ..
Ooooooo
Not working well ,showing error while upade newsfeeds,msgs
It keeps crashing
Can't live without Facebook 
Facebook
I Love you
Ilike it
Osome!
I hate to download fb messenger..can you give me an option to uninstall the update.
Ok
Nula
Chatting is not at all coming
evr not seen n app lyk dis.....always sayin insufficient storage availaible....
GOOD
Keep close when am trying to open it n now trying to install new one can't be done
Keeps closing on me every 20 seconds, have uninstalled twice now and no better! Just about to deactivate...
O
Loved it
Best idea for friendship
The app
Why not everything in one app?Wtf?Uninstalling the app and acount.
Good
Junk.  Installs. Logs in.  After a while -> Your version of OS isnt supported.  Jellybean 4.2 is outdated?
Nice and easy
Every time I look through my news feed it crashes!
Hi
It's Good..
Awesome
Good
It's just Facebook
Function
Facebook
Its great
I luv facebook
Replies to comments are shown as comments (not sorted under a/the comment someone replied to). My photos aren't physically there when I go to look. On the mobile site they're there. Status' sometimes just disappear when I click "post" and don't get posted. And lastly, the fact that you are requiring a completely separate app for messaging (which lags SO much). Waste of phone space and very irritating to those who liked being able to access messages through this Facebook app.
My facebook keeps closing on me. I ll be scrolling down my news feed n it just goes off then when i open it bck up i ave to log in again!!
When I post,I change my profile picture the Image will be seen in a bad quality.Please fix this problem.
T
Must have it
So fun to chat with friends :-)
Fafter the update facebook becomes lazy to load pictures in my newsfeed only loads a few then doesnt load the rest even if i refresh or retry it. My internet is okay but the app is not okay pls fix this asap. Its annoying me.
Its nice and okay but i don't like the part that it needs messenger to send messages.
Nod so good for kids
:-}
But 3 stars for no messenger. I need all-in-one app like before. Separate messenger app is very hard to use.
Great
Sonu
Nice
You take our personal info, messages, whatever. Scan it, and then blast us with ads about those things. Stop selling our data to advertisers. Might be moving to Ello...
Aye..
Many of
I
what the heck is wrong ??!!!if i open it,it suddenly close it just give me no chance to open and read my notif and some stuffs please please fb is a big part of my life what is wrong with this?! i love fb it must be a five stars if they fix it right away im so sad and big dissapointed it wrecks me :(
Constantly crashing, tap comments..crashes, tap pics..crashes grrr, uninstalling.  Sort please
Monu
N............. Y........................C
yeific   six ft
I have Mota G (android device) and the news feed isn't showing anything new, it will show things from days or WEEKS ago. Now, I understand that there is a "what's new/latest" feed, but why is it hidden away? Please fix this quickly it is frustrating to all hell.
Keeps on crushing.mxm
Fine to use meet people. 
After updating, sometimes it is crashed... :-(
It use to Chat with frd
This is good, better than old app
Leave what's app &start Facebook
Crash non stop£¡
Really think this improves every bodies views
Ian's boss
New version
Good performing.
Nice
Hi g
Artist
Good app
It takes time to load
I uninstalled this app coz its too slow then i reinstall it but it cant be downloaded due to an error! Thats what always pop up in my screen! Im so irritated!
Thanks for the first time in India I          have been very helpful to you .I have been a while.
N.ramalakshmi Narava
Play store
Not wonderful, keeps saying 'sorry can't load news feeds at the moment' very annoying.
ALL PHOTOS IN
Always want me to install messenger
Ok
Not god
Faceboo
To give like the photos
Gujarat
This app work 2 fastly
Since I updated last version, I've had a lot of problems with it. It takes a lot when loading, it closes automatically and I need to use "force stop" like 5 times a day! Please fix! :S
EASY TO CONNECTING
It's so good and so amazing application
Sirilanka
Fb baru
Doesn't work                                 displays "setting up facebook" message, then app crashes.
Its work very fist and
its heavy on memory.
Can not download anything on my damm DROID2 it sucks
I have reported this same problem several times and have yet to get a response. Messenger is doing the same thing. I guess my imput is not important to you.
Nice
Dede
TAKE GLITCHES AWAY
Cooool.!
The best app
Download
Because you have to have another app JUST for messaging. Put it all in one facebook.
It works slow and takes much time to open
If possible I'll put rating in minus value. Why you are force people to install the messanger. It's ruins my battery power and also we are not like your messanger Please remove it. I am going to un install app and moving to web version.
this app is very nice n i am very happy that i have installed this app
When I download it on my MY|PHONE Rio Craze it always be on error downloadinng. Pls. Fix it
Why does does it keep freezing on regular Facebook and the messenger. Then it stays frozen for a long period of time.
After update started freezing up my phone the only app that does this.. fix it please...
Helpfull
Keeps on baffling despite good Internet connection.
Ctap
Went down hill big time I can't get get on and stay in anymore
Good
Facebook app keeps freezing when in use. Have to shut down in setting everytime and then reopen.  I know a few friends are having the same issue.
Good
Good
Facebook
Awesome
Awesome
Cooool
too much problem....
I like it
Always a good way to communicate with long distant friends from another country
I like it

Awesome...
Ok.
Too much slow after last update
Very very good
Best Application
Hajajra
yoh hw can it b wen eva i wana pt my pin in it say its da wrng pin...i hate dis app
Cool
When I like some post afterwards I go back and check em and I can't see my like its like I never like em... SUCKSSSS
Great
N...
Its good but it always crash. -_- sometimes i wait so long before it opens.  Please fix it. Without the crashing its fantastic. So please fix it.
nic
Fadu hai yaar
Chh
All purpose
Very useful to be connected
All I want is one app I don't want to be forced to used Facebook messenger so goodbye Facebook app your off my phone for good now I'm on Instagram more often ...
Please let me open in tabs or open in my browser as options, because every time i open a movie or link and click back fb starts me at the  of my news feed, drives me crazy everyday.  Edit. I stopped using the Facebook app, as you've made it clear that you have no intention of fixing this major problem, I only keep this installed for its push notifications
Great Social Apps Ever :) 
#GSAE
Like
Thier r somthing wrong the notification not updating
saisai
good
I  love u
Awesome..application in the world
Facebook keep crashing recently! It happens very often and it's super annoying! Can you guys please fix the problem ASAP! it's really irritating when I was reading something halfway then it suddenly crashes!
Abhi facebook ka jamana nahi whats app ka jamana hai guys.......
Its a good app
It just started working.
I can't even log in man. Says password  is incorrect and I've rest password twice now. This is crap I keep in contact with family friends and work on here. Fix this please.
Too slow
Its good app
Gadar
Why is there always a    problem updating Whats up
It is good
Very good l, i like it
love it..

Facebook
Fb
Kumar
So bad it kill my battery
Why is it that FB decides what you see in News feeds. My news feed are several days old & no matter how much I try to update it, it tells me it's updated yet my upper top items are 3-4 days old. I no longer see news feed which was the only reason I kept FB around.  If they don't address this issue, I'll be deleting the app on all devices (both Android & Apple).  I'm not sure why this still have a 4 star rating. At least Apple users have more sense to give the app an overall 1.5 stars.
i love it..
There is keep news feed to back top when I scrolling down but return top itself,I don't like it,also itself moving scrolling in newsfeeds, not good!!!
Facebook
do not log the connection
Love it
It already SUCKS I can't tag someone in a group I'm in (even though I'm Admin!) unless they have commented ON the post I'm commenting on. But now I can only tag PEOPLE ON MY FRIENDS LIST! This really is a pain when it's a time sensitive matter like saving an animals life and I need a response ASAP!!!!! You should be able to tag ANYONE in the group ANYTIME if you're a member, but ESPECIALLY IF YOU'RE AN ADMIN! Also it keeps just randomly closing the app, crash-closing, and freeZing up!!Fix and I'll rate 5¡î
Its some time in my phone not response
It keeps choing me error 919
I just hate fb
V good
Facebook  keeps closing on me.  Update needed again.
It keeps locking up and kicking me off.
I love you mahmuda
Every time I use my phone for anything even when I'm not on Facebook a message comes up Facebook is not responding do u want to wait OK or close. Something needs to change.
so slow
Can't open comments or any page without it crashing!!! Never should have updated it. Fix please!!!
Always crashes
Its good.
Its good but The only wrong is when u open your notif. It makes me urghhh
fa ebook
After i updated,  my phone has been buggy and slow. The app won't even open!  At least let me have the older version back!
zawmin
I like it but I need my pass word
:-) love
Grate
Since the new update I have to close it three times before it loads my newsfeed, and it force closes at least twice every time I'm using it. Please fix, nothing but a nuisance, and it has made my phone and other apps misbehave. Also newest message update sucks.
App keeps crashing. Sort it out!!!!!!!!
its cool!..and fun....
Either its my phone or facebook isnt letting me log out properly. I keep getting "tap and try again". Nerve wracking...
Really great app. Good to get onto Facebook straight away with. Easy to use and great features throughout.  Epecialy were it gives you the opportunity to post on your time line or  your friends and family time line.
I like it
The Best App
Its good
Keep losing scroll position while switching between apps.
Crashing on my galaxy tablet 3. Terrible. I try to post it crashes,  I search, it crashes, I check in it crashes.
Advertising purposes for my business it's great free
My top stories are generally the same two dozen over and over again, when I want to click a link it opens the comments, there are some pages which seem to be inactive, yet when I search for them and view the page it shows activity my news feed has hidden, and my most recent stories are all from a week ago, rather than the "most recent" ones. Also, when new stories on my news feed are available, the page jumps to the top, regardless of what I am reading. Please fix it.
It rarely lasts more than 3 minutes before it starts acting like the data connection has dropped.  New posts fail and newsfeed won't update.  Have to kill and restart the app to get it working again... for about 3 minutes.  Uninstalling and using a browser instead.
Keeps crashing at times
Slow, slow bad, very slow, not good
Keeps coming up with incompatible update since i updated my Experia E1!!! What's the crack there then? I used to have this app and all was great never had any problems whatsoever
The best social network ever
I'm lost...can I get updates in the android market?  Or do i have to use google play?
Its really awesome.......
Doesn't play video ,please fix for better rating.
Forcing us to download Messenger takes up tooo much space on my phone!! WHY are you guys constantly  changing things all the time?! FB is getting worse NOT better!! I had to uninstall FB to fix an issue with my phone and now reinstalling FB is taking up ALL THE SPACE LEFT!! All because of Facebook's USELESS UPDATES!!!
If I could I wouldn't give this piece of crap a star. It is rubbish. Why the need to keep updating is beyond me. It's utter crap. You have to keep on seeing old stories all the time, it take an age to refresh. Oh and it freezes ALL THE TIME!!!! Facebook sort application out!! I'm pretty sure there are some smart people in your company,, so there is no need for a unreliable application.
Dear developer,can u make the ui background customizable ,I mean for example by adding transperancy lever,it would be very helpful if the apps background can be transparent..or at least make the background wallpapper changable,the white background not so good in terms of battery saving.ty
Lovr
Since update when scrolling it just freezes, I have to close app and open again, and then repeat and repeat and repeat. Had no problems before update. Tried deleting and reinstalling with no success. Getting bored now!!!
best
Im runing android 4.4 on htc one m7 but with this update the app always get freez

With newest update there is problem with video play on HTC Sensation. Video start for few second and then stop. If I can I will rate this with minus 10 stars.
Swag
Instagram ? Anaconda.69 Facebook ? Hazel Khalifa
the best
Lovely
iam enjoying using this app
Can't access other folder anymore from the app. You can't pick btwn most recent story or most popular stories in your feed anymore, and when you get half way down it automatically takes you back to the top, really getting annoying.
Not bad, as it work
Awesome app i love it
Good morning beautiful day
Would be nice to not see old stuff from days ago when going threw my news feed.
Thanks
Good app but for some reason I can't open video files. Anyone has any idea what I need to download?
Its amazing!!!
Non stop crashing on my samsung note 2. Non specific actions, ramdoom crashes. At least a crash per navigation.  Selecting profiles, scrolling, selecting pages, etc...
Since the update my newsfeed is completely unorganized and I'm not seeing important events until after they've happened. It lags horribly, slows down my phone, and crashes ALL of the time!!! I just wanna uninstall this latest update, but it will allow me to. :'(
Ever since it updated it doesn't full show my news feed stuff.
I
Needs to be updated on s4
Love talking with my friends at the plam of my hand

Waww
Awesome update
Superb
Elegance
Quite impressive
Ummmm
Videos have not been playing for days!
Runs my storage up!!
Way too slow. Pictures don't load.
Sucks
¡ñ27/9/14 if FB was a shop, it wud be closed down..do the fixes! ¡ñ14/9/14¡ïZERO¡ï no fix for me rubbish!!. ¡ñ10/9/14 SAME OLD FB all other apps fine.¡ñ8/9/14 Probs same no solving. Couple of interactions then its back to the tablet home screen. Device fine, had it checked at my expense. ¡ñ1/9/14 Another crap update, still logs me out, Reinstalled does the same. FB users = Lifeblood of FB company but FB seem not to care, we still use-as theres no alternative. Worst app on my device !!.¡ñ21/8/14 CRAP APP logs me out 20 times a day, no choice but use it, what else is there?. ¡ñ5/8/14 FOR CRYING OUT LOUD FB READ ALL THE BAD REVIEWS-CAN YOU HEARANY OF US?? NO POINT ASKING FOR  COMMENTS IF YOU IGNORE. ¡ñ31/7/14 Always logs me out. Give it NO stars if i cud! ¡ñ23/7/14 What is wrong here? keeps moving me from my viewing to the f***ng feed page. PLEASE FIX !! ¡ñ25/6/14 Keeps saying FB stopped uninstalled again what a farce ¡ñ9/6/14 New Update, now when I click "photos' box, screen orientation changes from panoramic to portrait, have to choose photo from wrong angle. Un-Reinstalled - same. 1¡ï only.
Facebook
Has some bugs to work out but works.
Get better
Sopspo20
Grandchildren
Wow
Good
Wat a gud application
Shut down complet while using app then I have to start over again and it continues to shut down every 45 seconds

Enough said
It repeatedly closes by itself!  It's very annoying. I can't do anything with it. Un install for sure.
Thanks    By BT
Huh
Nice tool
Nice
I like this
Keep freezing and close up
Beautiful
I think  these will reduces too much  time on particular/single point and topic.
Not working how it should >:(
After last update for fb it last for 20 seconds  then crashes
very big MB fecebook
Its still saying it. I'm never gonna share photos on Facebook or talk to my friends ever again. (Sobbing)
Has improved a lot in past few months. Like the option of saving images directly from the app, which was previously not available. The 'chat' in the app shows the friends online (green) status quite late, or if a friend has gone offline 'the last seen' will show active (or green), well this is quite misleading at times, have to refresh a lot of times to know if a friend is really online or offline, should be like whatsApp.
Iit very good I love it
Good for fb obviously but too intrusive on your personal information on your phone of course but what do you expect for the nsa database. ...but I have the galaxy s4 and the app isn't compatible with my air gesture .....pretty lame
Just closes when i try to use it.
usman ali
I love it I give it 5stars
When I updated the app it always crashes and when I do get in it is very slow! Please Facebook change the new update for everyone it sucks!
Up
Make cell too much slow even 1.5 ghz dual core processor
Won't let me play videos on my z2
Hate Facebook messenger.
I've used this app since it came out basically but I updated it again today and it won't let me open it!! I use this app every single day. PLEASE FIX
Wow!
I love the Facebook app because it means I can easily access my account on my phone or tablet withour having to turn on the computer. I have only two things which could be done to improve the app: *sometimes pictures or videos take a while to load so it would be great if they appeared faster (content works fine once loaded)  *it would be fantastic if a Wi-Fi connection wasn't needed to use the Facebook app as it would be useful to be able to check my account when I don't have a connection.
Keeps on crashing
Unable to switch off chat notification - Fixed Service taking up a lot of resources.
,, i like itt ,,
Sometimes the app freezes while watching a video from a facebook page
Very nice
Freezes my phone up fix this issue please
I can't give 5 cuz you gys should add a lot of stuff missing like edit comment block hide conversation
Figure out a way to give more and use less DATA???
Slow
Super
Freezes
Love it
Cant save photos to phone.
This app have some issues. There are times when the pictures and videos will not load for several minutes. I have uninstalled and powered down and once I reinstall, same issues. Its very frustrating and makes me log off. I have to go through the browser in order to see the pictures and videos. It is set up differently as well. I'm about to give up on this sort of entertainment.
its crash on 2.3.6 gingerbread
Rajesh
Very easy to search.n I loved it
Thax
at ol
out stending
Not even gttin installed!!!!
Good
Facebook is my life.
Good app
I love it   :)
Great nd fast
Facebook
Take forever to load
because      Johnson
Like it for some stuff but its slow
I like it
Oke
Nice
Loved it
you guys need to SHUT up a out Facebook.
Tacky and lifeless. Why is it pre-installed, the downloaded version was way superior?
When i download this aap,news feed and wall post got fast..
Goooood app dude
Runs for about 5 min then crashes.  Has even forced multiple reboots of my phone. If you are reading someones post forget it, if somone else post cause it will zip you right back up to the top post. The latest update is aweful.
It takes forever too log out. And really slow. Crashes quite a lot!
Appstore
When scrolling through my news feed it occasionally flicks right back to the top and then i decide to stop bothering with it .. also after the recent updates that allow push notifications - they freeze my phone and I have no idea how to turn them off
Facebook
its very nice and i enjoy using it
Photos, videos, etc, not loading on my newsfeed - Galaxy S5
Ok
Good
Look at the permissions required before installing people, the people at facebook are stilling your identity
Old fb is so nice.
This is the only thing which does not gives me any trouble ..... I don't understand why the bad reviews
I love it
Chip
It is a great way to keep in touch, but they abuse this knowledge freely. The layout is terrible, it's very easy to lose stories.The fb messenger app alone abuses our privacy. Don't download. Thumbs down.
I hate this updated version everytime I try to  post something or watch a video or sometimes just scrolling down my page FB crashes. Can I get the old version back?
I followed the instructions Facebook posted for android to turn off auto play videos. There is NO auto play video button to select like the instructions said. I updated my app and still no option to turn it off or switch to wifi on my Samsung 4s.... very annoying
too slow
Since i got this app it force closes and it doesnt let you see everything you posted on news feed
Addicting
Forcing us to download Messenger takes up tooo much space on my phone. Changing things all the time and it only getting worse!
Best
Its a great app!!
When clicking on links the app closes completely
Love the app. Thank you
So easy
Is god
God Gift for world
Ok
Why do you need all these permissions!!!!!
Facebook is great
Looove it
Kool
It's a very fantastic app with so many charming features.a little problem in loading in 2G network.after using it u will get   the actual taste of facebook.
Every one should get this app
I will not install it
Heyy
Awesome
Fix this app the photos are not loading . You are Facebook ,you have tons of cash INVEST in this shity app !!
The "near location" feature doesn't show up anymore. Ugh.
nice
Tablet UI
I am not satisfied at all. Whenever I try to like or comment on something, it shuts off.
Anyway
I got no problem with the app so far.
Mi
Live
Ever since last update it keeps crashing. It doesnt close out properly and when I try to get back on it either shows its still closing from last session or I have to force stop it (and a lot of times that doesnt help). I have tried uninstalling then re-installing it to no avail. I am about ready to get rid of this app for good. Please get it fixed!
Make the design simpler
Nyc
Keeps refreshing back to the top,  please fix.
Its a good app u should get it
Good
Crash
:) :)
It's very good
Facebook
Slow
Keep losing scroll position while switching between apps.
Not able to watch videos in the latest update.
Owned by the government!!
Best software i like facebook
Love it
I click on any videos and it force closes .. Why do u guys make such crappy apps ?
Run my data to the end, I just have 1GB. Suck
Installs slowly
Nice life waste without it
Nice
Constant login and password problems!
Good service
Constant updates to make it worse really give us a break
Very interesting
Nothing to say new about thid APP
Ha

Supreet
Whoop whoop
Floter
Better than old
For the love of a mom.
Crashes every login. Crashes constantly. REALLY SUCKS!!!!!!!!.
Nice
Pamela mitonga
Senator
My feert app fb
Ferry easy cut uses more' MB
Chiloeng
A1 browser
Great app!
Love
nbr
Samsung Galaxy Mega
Battery drainer, forcing us on messenger app etc....
Its only getting worse and worse... + I hate being forced to download this stupid messenger app. No privacy!!! Too much space!!!
Love  the face of the book
Continuallly have issues with it not loading current news feeds, comes up with an error message saying it cant load it. Please fix this issue.
I have seen the same set of posts for 5 days now, just give me the most recent and I'll be happy
It want let me log on. It trys to load, but it won't.
Old versi0n was better
Best
Photos in my Android phone is not syncing. My phone is 'Konka V976'.
Draining battery is the least of my concern when I realised my personal data has been stolen and sold right in front of my face. Bye facebook.
Runs smooth its cool
Usually when videos are playing or im trying to post a status or search.
A disaster with fresh install. Unusable.
Yeahh
Its too fast i like it
Could not download videos from it.
This app is taking 133 mb in my mobile when I was downloading it was showing only 26 mb after updates it shows 133 mb
Good but LG when useing facebook and viedo you scrool it doesent move into the viedo loads
Naser musli
Consumes more space
Very Slow
Best
It gets really annoying so plz fix
Do somethin fix it up asap
Not copy text
My only social life
Always having problems with this app.  So disappointing
Whoever login in it says I stink
Super app
It is amazing.what an app
In my eyes it can be way better.
Lov it
Sorry an unexpected error occurred.please try again later(Service Exception.ORCA_Service_IPC failure)blue service.start operation with completion handler failed..Facebook can you please explain this to me.it does that any time I try to sign in
Palm trees and beach view
Facebook has maseed up my android and always crashes.l don't know what they did but it's awful.
Force close
Nice
Don't know who needs to fix what but fb and king apps are not connecting... all updated at same time so please fix now
Addis Ababa
I updated my tablet and now fb app keeps crashing!  Plz fix this!
I love to
Why you force us to download the massenger for faceBook?!!! Did you know that you exhust our rams and memory ! I need to download your such bad app and its massenger !????? Im thinking to uninstall your bad programs and back to the browser.
Great...
Wow
Facebook
Hello
50548986
Use to love this but since up date it constantly crashes.  I do a business on this and it is really irritating.  Please fix
I'm once while update see on face book. Working my pager likely my computer. works with my Samsung Galaxy S5...formerly pager is HTC Evo 4G lite is anymore.
Never alow to meet with enimes
Ha ha
Because
This app crashes my phone every few minutes since my privacy guard is stopping it from stealing data about my location etc. I seriously recommend that you avoid this app
Shuts down every time I'm tagged, am posting, or any random reason. Haven't wanted to be on at all because the app is broken. Fix it please!
Cool...fb rocks!
Shuts down and freezes everytime.
Great
Love it!!!
Nice imprument,some stuff !
Why must I download messenger when I have this app ??!?
Ok well Facebook is ok but hate the no privacy we really don't get from it
Great FB experience with Samsung
Crashing when opening videos on google chrome (on the nexus 5)
0888
Best
Facebook is fun
Thi is Yowbx
Abhishek
my fave. app <3
Its ok but the continuous crap about messenger app and I am having a problem logging out. I can log out and it will load again and it wont be logged out.
Afriz
Very baddddddd.... old versions were better
Yes
It is cool to close with friends any time, any where......
i have been using fb quite a while. Overall i have been satisfied. Now i am being FORMED, if i want to read my messages, to download ANOTHER app. There was nothing wrong with the way it is before the new app, so why change it? It is taking up more memory on my phone, it is annoying, i have to learn how to use it, when i am so used to the old way. Is there anything goods or helpful in this new way of doing messages?...i don't think so...
Good
nice apps, it help to connect with friends.
I am a bad person
Great app
I like it
Ameg iane
Keeps Crashing
Slow
maybe next update can add on HD OR non HD during want to play video same like dekstop and apple device
VERY GOOD I TELLING IN BETWEEN  TIME OF DOWNLOADING VERY FUNNY NO
Since last update, I'm continually kicked out of app. If it continues, will just uninstall!
Actually waste of time!
Always entertains

Like it
Nice app.
Hiiiii
Since update on my Samsung tablet it constantly crashes. I have uninstalled and reinstalled and it continues. Going to uninstall again and not use the app. Please fix this problem!
Video's take way too long to load and sometimes not at all. And the ones that do I can't here anything.
Everytime I try to get on someones profile it forcecloses.  It is very annoying.
Sucks
Veri good
*****
They do really express in a blink how my life is each day!!
No dought its gud
Like it
Free message
Nice
Its the best app ever (y).
KING BATWANA
Nice
I love it have no problems
After last update its freeze!! Unable to open app!!
Share in pm
Doesn't update news feeds (VPN)
Cool
Very good@
Not good
I request to please make improvements
Nice
Achche ke sath achcha hota hai
It takes 100+ mb
Should make the sign out faster.
Vfdf
Only crash
Pretty good this app is
Sheralam
I loved it
Jabardast
Cant even save pictures of this app like i used to be able to
Can please fix the size to much big for my ram pls help i luv fb
Never loads my news feed when connected to wifi.
When I open iy it takes alot time for pic to load and I have to wait for long time .....older one was better
No sorting options!!!!! Recent Stories are not viewable!!! Content repeats in threads, and often "content unavailable" messages
Jm
Por el peso de la App lo mejor seria poder pasarla a la SD. En mi Xperia Play no la puedo desinstalar.
rating
It sux since i updated
ok
Everytime I try to install it says incompatible update, if this is fixed I will rate again
Some times be so awesome but  some times misbehaves ,
WHEN I WAS BORED R  ALONE    FB   IS THE HERO
Its awesome n easy to use that's why I give it .............
Verma
Hi
Its facebook
its like jakash
Good
Kakar
Please fix upload issue. Its not uploading movies or pictures :(
Guna
Lal tebawihi
Can't correct?
Ibraim7
Android-suppory
Like friendly
Good but it can be a little slow...
Good
Wtf with this application late message s , slooooow n pooor
Irosha Ym
Love it
Its done a great job . amazing
Hi
This app make me happy;))
App freezes my phone and keeps switching off and crashes.
Good
Hmm... its good
I'm curious, aren't the news feed numbers next to friend's lists supposed to go away once I view them? In other words, only unread news feeds are supposed to be listed as number counts? Or am I missing something here? Also,  when I select "unfollow"  and confirm, it doesn't work. the news feed from the unfollowed person still shows up....
Last update cannot use my face book
Nice I like it very much
Really?app use to work. What did you guys do to screw it up? Now it just doesn't even load or operate. Bye mobile Facebook......it was nice
Not bad
Good..
Crashes constantly
Keeps crashing get your act together
Nice
Cannot update the location
I'm deleting this app since have to download messenger just to see my messages! This some bullshit messenger can know your whole life you see we don't like these updated so fix it!!!
Good
Obelly luv this app
perfectly fine except for the fcking IMPORTING BIRTHDAYS!! cant you ask us first before u import those nasty and useless things on our freaking calendar?!?!?!?!?!?!?! 
Its loading very slow and freeze my phone
After the new update I have a big problem with my phone
Always on Top
Rel & Hon
Rajapurewal

Good
Just
It does crash but not a lot
I like it
I like it sme wht
Good..
aaaa
It consumes more than 100mb from my 512 ram, sucks . Other than this it's pretty cool..
Shishir rahaman
Keeps crashing since I updated
Since the last udate it sucks. It crashes. Force close. Error loading news feed. It's just crap.
You download it,and when supposed to update they say not enough space on device,like really??...and the Bundles deducted Gosh..
Not good
Totally ruined this App by having a seperate messenger App. I dont know anyone that actually likes the added App & we find it annoying on every level. Facebook listen to your customers for once & return things to normal & delete the need of a seperate App for messaging.

good app

Esta app se esta convirtiendo en una basura xq no quiere cerrar sesion y se cierra de por si sola, arreglen porfavor para que le de 5 estrella
The Facebook are chating  and the news feed are very good pictures and comment
Cantik
It's a way better app than it was last year haha good progress  and thank you
FB is a life style...
i love this app
Soon, Facebook will be not FREE anymore.
Its awesome
It's really annoying as.of lately. Keeps freezing up and states that Facebook is not responding. Please fix!
awesome
Hihty
Descripsion
Thanks
Great amazing
I lover
Kindly remove bugs.... i d'nt like any photo... it shows an error
Facebook app keeps kicking me and everytime i click on my profile or friends profile it keeps kicking me out
Its nice
Ok
Some time happend
B
123123
Good app but is a bit slow
I like it
I like the app, especially since it's the only one. But, not being able to clear the messages on the app, without installing the messenger app is annoying. If I don't want it I should be able to still use the message portion on mobile fb.
Nyz
This is the good good
Untuk semua
Hangs the phone and slows it down...Frequent "Force Close"...Worst app ever.
i dont have reply on Facebook
I think  I was famous in this because my friend say I'm beautiful and cute because the cute is no end
Its verey gud
They have removed the facebook chat option and force to install messanger for it. This is pathetic.
Im not happy.. :(
I THINK IT'S TOLERABLE FOR A FEW THINGS.
The app is way slower than it was,  my videos on my timeline will not play neither will it load all of current timeline how can I fix this
Love connecting with my family and friends from afar.
My phone freezes goes black cuts out and when scrolling through newsfeed it freezes. Never had a worse experience with updates. But I'm ready to uninstall it.
Niceeeeeeeeeeeee
Good
Good application thanks for make this app now I Can chat my friends very easy
Good
I love facebook
mind blowing....app it is....
Total dissapoint.. i wishd ive never downlod the newer vrsion.. it become slower..
(Luv it)><
I have to stay in touch with my friends...
Best eva
Loved it
Essa coisa ¨¨ ruim  de++
Its best known app
But what it needs is for me to be able to reply to comments in statuses. Also sometimes it just closes on me
ok broooo.
By
Good
Loved it
Love it
Thanks
Nothing interesting. Annoying notification such as do you know this person, someone invited you to play games, or anything that the person itself never intended to do. Keeping it for now in case someone try to find me. No more messenger also make it more difficult.
Hummmm
Would not install onto my phone not happy
ok
Can't open links it says there is a problem! !
Facebook app I'm loving it
Good one
Awesum
Bogs down. doesnt wanna pull up pics, crashes nonstop or freezes phone,
AWSOME
Works well on my devices
Sasuka
Every time I click to view my profile or any of my friends profiles, it kicks me out of the app completely.
I set refresh to never, it still refreshes at only the worst times. Very frustrating. Also tends to crash the browser when going to external links. Idk if thats facebook or the browser but i only notice it when facebook is involved.
Thanks
Maga
After you log in and try to tap on someone name in the search button it goes back to the home screem please can you fix it. Thank You.
dangit..  facebook is so vital..  so please..  fix this..  its always crashing..
It is good because'
superb
World best app in the world fb return my personal data i love fb
Afriz
Keeps freezing and then forcecloses.  Never gives me the option to report it.
Its good but disvw only one star because in between it stops working
Nice its good to everyone this app
ok
Whenever I try to use it it just crashes
Got bug? Me can't loading any video... if loading will error
More funny...amazing!
Ok
Loveit
If I could give minus 3 stars I would. It crashes every time I try to post something. It otherwise crashes randomly on my GTS3
Good for samsung galaxy ace
Good
I wnt to communicate with my friends nd everyone i love
osesome it.........
Hangni
Nice
OMG
Excellent platform for communication to each othe
This app hangs in my mobile it doesnt work properly please fix these prblm
I wanna copy some text to post on whatsapp but not such an option comes...if it exist then plz suggest how to copy text from Facebook app
If I could give minus 3 stars I would. It crashes constantly, every time I try to post something it crashes, every single time
Keeps crashing. Fix
;-)
Old isngold
Its alright... not the best.
HATE THE UPDATE WHERE WE HAVE TO DOWNLOAD MESSENGER FOR CHATTING ¡ñ_¡ñ
(Y)
App freezing after the new update this week. Have to exit app to make it work again. Fix this!
Awesome :-)this update better than previous 993
Its a great
Sippp
Fb broken pls fix. Can't log in
Very fast and interesting app
Ye
Entertaining
Keeps my family and friends communicating and lets me show off pictures of my newborn baby girl
Best
Nice app used my most of us  I LOVE FACEBOOK
Y
I love it,
After updating the app, it started to work poorly.
I hate this app because when I update this app its always crash! Every time I use it it will crash and very lag! I will give 5 stars to this app if you can fix this. Thank you
This is awesome
It's ok
It's Gud
Good good & very goodsssssssss
I can't recover my account. I've tried already those trusted contacts.. They give me the codes but nothing happen...no codes arrive so how can i use my account now? I want it back and I don't want to create new..
Why u guys keep forcing me to download fb messenger... This app is totally garbage and you guys forcing me to download another garbage app on my device ... Come on even 1 star doesnt deserve on this
I dont know   no commenttttttttt hyshtttttttttt!!!!!!!!!!
Ashok Kumar
Im using galaxy tab 2 and signing in takes too long and then it always say check internet connection or timeout.
******
Frequently not responding
It keeps crashing.
It's consuming lot of internal memory
Kinda like it cause it upgraded not like the old ones
My Notification and chatbox wont show up
Moktan
Please fix bugs can't see anything in my newsfeed
Damm slow and heavy.
Always shows "connection timed out"

Superb
Very frustrated with new update my Facebook keeps crashing on galaxy s4 :(
Mr
Nice app
Hanged crash app

Anil
When scrolling through news feed, it freezes when it automatically loads a video. Please fix!
Mister
Apk size is 23 mb and while running it uses 55 mb. Even some 3D games uses low memory than Facebook app.
Good
is download now is facebook now

It
Make me happy n im love it!
Injoy
Upgrade Pls!
It very very good
I cant download this app duck!!!
To many updates
Facebook keep cutting on n off. Why is that?
I hate it an I am very close to deleting it from my phone for having to have messanger to message people If I don't want messanger don't make me Last chance Facebook sort it out
Awsome
its working okay now on my phone it's fast and easy to use.
After I updated the app, it keeps on displaying "facebook not responding". I even deleted other apps to ensure that I have more than enough memory.
The worst never works
Whats the matter i cant log in. Please fix. Even though i have a wifi it didnt loggin in.
Why does this app just loading?!It don't retrieve any newsfeeds..keep on saying try again..Fixed this please
I love Facebook and this always remained my best social networker and hope it will remain in the future.....this is an great invention THANKS mark zukerberg
patan980
I have nothing more to say
Good app
Its very fast and Amazing
FB
Much improved. I've had no problems with this app in a long time.
Weak
It consumes way too much of memory,  if i compare it with other apps,  it is a heavy app.
My videos are supposed to be stored in my photos right? So why when I go to my photo albums do I not see my videos anywhere? Unless I have shared my video on my timeline recently I have no way with this app to go pull up my videos. Not cool.
This app was consuming 80 mb ram and because of that my phone started hanging..
Seriously.. I cant open anygroup.. -_-
My fb is in another langauge
Good app

Very good
Hi excellent face  book. I Like photos and friends chat
I love it cuz makes me have a lots of friend , it's easy for me to communicate with my fri ..... I love Facebook
Hate all chats, we should see our friends, but sometimes, FB cool and helpful
This Facebook  is some improvement
Time pass
Cool
Excellent
There ix a probLem wHen i logout my ID it sHow s sessi0n expired thn i will.not unable t0 log in My account until uninstalling the updates
When I click on a post or a profile I am kicked out. Can this be fixed.
Why o why now i cannot see what my friends doing
Can't log out
Yeepppp!!!!!!!
Keeps me in check with family n friends so 5stars!
Is going on? It barely opens correctly. When it does I have to wait too long. Also it force closes a lot. Too many times
Everytime i try to look at a profile, or share anything,  or update status it closes or come up with>> facebook error please report,,, totally frustrating!!!  Just closes when trying to comment.....like for real FIX THE PROBLEMS!!!
Why you are forcing to downlode the messenger..
Can't stand the drama have uninstalled app keep getting texts. Please take me off your crap before i get a lawyer and sue you
Day by day this app is became to much complictd.. Aftr last updating its can't logging out properly.. Its take more time..
Nt easily dwnloaded
I love this app
Awsome App For Chatting..
it sucks
It best

Its been 2 wks since i cannot dl facebook. It always says " Facebook download error (192)" Pls fix!!!
WaKWaW
Fuckbook sux on a whole new level now.it slows down my phone so much now,thank god its rooted so I can freeze it with titanium backup
Keeps crashing! Has been happening for far too long on this device. Time to fix it!!!
This is annoying. Taking up all memory in my phone, uses too much battery, i have to force close it all the time & uninstall & reinstall every 2nd day
It freezes and crashes
To good
Have troubles with logging in.
:)
The only app that slows down me note 3.
Good app for communication.  I love this appppp
I dont want to download facebook messenger so it blocks me out my messages until i install the app its aggravating fix it
Why I don't get my notifications! Hate very much! Pls fix it ASAP!
best friend
Always : facebook is not responding
Moon
its really a good app but it need some improvement like, manually changing of image quality..(high,medium,low).. so we can save data... now it takes more data..... plz fix that.....
Nice very fast
I cant login my acc. Always say check your network
Great app, satisfied with the improvements nd updates done to it as well
Im downloading messager
helpful
Best one
Easy to use
I love this app, it's a great way to talk to your friends when they ain't around no more
New update
The video player sucks in the new update. 10 seconds video doesn't play well.
Pictures, videos are not loading.
N.ramalakshmi Narava
Very good
cant open this app :-(
Keeps on freaking crashing.
Bad app
Speedyyyyyyy than me
The app closes as soon as you play any video. Have reported twice to Facebook team but no solution so far...
it always notifies me to download the messenger pls remove dat!!
huge consumption of Internal memory, not transferable to external memory.
It keeps saying wait a moment.  Can't use it
Shivam Thakur
.
Don't like it
But it needs an update every time I log out it takes me back to home screen  and when I click on Facebook I'm not logged out so I have to do the same thing like about 4-6x until I am logged out but in over all its a wonderful app
Facebook
Not better
Bince
Cannot chat with dis app, it always asks to download the messenger.. Thats very disgusting
Fix it sir :'(
Facebook. Com
Why does this Facebook app crash so much nd very hard to open ? Whats the use of having an app if it never work pls fix
Verrry good
I have installed & reinstalled a dozen times on my tablet & it keeps bombing out. Any timei comment, any time i go to a fb page. Ridiculous
Its a very good app we can chat with others and send photos and post videos i realy love it
All I get lately is a gray flashing screen. Even after a reinstall.
Ok
Its avery fabulous browser I love it..
Good to go through with an open the doors and windows are also interested parties in your essay and other information about this article will alsob
Thank you
Good
facebook
Its gooood one
Fix da problems regarding videos nd pic loading
Cool
Keeps crashing
I can't post pictures~ ..:(
Loved it
It's not working in my Samsung Galaxy Y . I hate it so much . FIX IT .
Maybe look at it and test it out before forcing people to update. You should REALLY listen to what your customers/supporters have to say. PRIVACY of our own personal information is of the utmost importance l
The online person box thing is only telling me 1m after they were online lls fix it
Profile pictures not showing otherwise ok
The new release for speed has slowed the app down.
Min
Bad update ever!!!
This is great!
Like what the, I reinstalled it already. But it doesn't load so fast, the notifications take atleast 5 minutes, literally, 5 minutes just to load it but my internet connection's already fast, only the Facebook App does this. Tss, used to love this app, but you only listen to your beta testers instead of your users. And it always ends up Error Loading Newsfeed
kkkkkk
Its awesome bc it is better but u need  the internet tho
Bueno
This, this is Facebook, as an app, on my phone. Does as expected. I am happy. I would be seriously disappointed if the above was not true.
The photo are blured and the video also
Kea
Very poor
Mgnificent
Best way to shareng our feelngs!!!

GOOD apps
Shiva
Superb!!!!!!!!
Good ah...
Tat
Logging off makes the app crash/close. Reopening it tells me to log on again, but closes rather than showing log on. This cycle repeats over and over, even force stop doesn't work.
Feacbook
123456
Love it
It's awesome . We can play over the world
Nice super
Keeps crushing after update. Fix the bugs
As long as it's free. Well let's just say I'm not thrilled with last update. My newsfeed is slow. I guess it's to be expected afterall it is free&you get what you pay for. Lol.
Great
This update is suck
This is ok . But l can't Read my local language Malayalam pls fix
It does'nt show any pictures posted by friends,not only their profile pic but even mine it cant display
Nice app
Facebook is my favorite app..
Ali Khan
Good
The inability to use chat without downloading it separately
Veryyy gud
I wnt to communicate with my frienes nd everyone i love
Continuasly freezing not loading pictures and half loading comments! Not happy!! HTC
Sky
Yup
Good ape ever.....thank you so much
Bad or good

Pwede balik ung dati.. Angbagal kz ngayon ng bagong facebook kahit naka wifi na ako.
The site must put additional power to accomodates all user.
after my cousin log out my FB then I log in it cant log in.... pls fix this.... thanks
Very nice
I can't connect my games in facebook and it always crash !
I can't use it .because it keeps showing me blank page or like a fog I have waited for so Long .it doesn't change in fact nothing change how can I browse it the only thing connects me to my fb is my messenger
Good & best messanger application on this
I love it
Muzafar pardasi
Good
It would be great if Facebook video can share through private message.
Uses lots of ram!!!
connecting people..... love it
After update the app constantly closes itself
Facebook is not good facebook me hagenki problem ati hai
Tidak ribet
This app is good enough, sometimes my messages don't work and it is slow. However it is fun and easy to use!!!
Awsome
If WE COULD CHAT WITHOUT A MESSANGER THAT WOULD BE BETTER.
i can't use it.. all over again.. it say's. setting up facebook. and just a moment. and it will crash again.. pls fix this
I cant use it .... plss plsss plsss .. fix this facebook ... wtf is this ?
Awesome
The new update sucks.. it doesn't work anymore on my phone
Like
Keeps me connected
I really loved it very much and its really awesome ill give 5 stars!
With the same "NEW" stuff
Good
How
faksht...  why cant i sign in my account.. i re install it but its not working... disaster!!!!!
awful
I like it thiss  fb
Pugss .. comments dont appear .. force close ... i press like it does noy be occur  Finally you are a group of failures not more :(
New update makes Facebook just close for no reason when scrolling through.  Seems no one cares to fix these problems either...
Facebook
Good
It makes my phone cool
Gum Sum 007k
S.K
Nice n smooth

My favrit aps
Why does this app need to read my text messages and listen to my phone calls in order to work?! Removing this app ASAP! THAT IS BULLS&%T!
Not so good
Awesome app...
hey guys this is the anakputangina that i ever heared
Wicked
927
Hu fjfgh
Facebook
u r v n
Can't log in it says I have an internet connection failure even if I don't. Please fix this
Having problems refreshing news feeds and notification  after updating it.  Ttsk
Ok
Wari
Facebook
Forever
This is the app which tells us the whole information so it is cool cool cool cool cool.
I love it now ,I am using note II, why ?when I update it, it is always close itself, please fix it, Thanks
Ni
Nouma
Open to family &friends
Making connection with friends all over the world especially those I've missed for a long time. It's so awesome. This time round I could not  even download it for my phone. Anytime I try downloading, messages like "facebook could not be downloaded due to error 492" what can I do? Need help because I would like to use it.
This app tooks a lot of space from phone memory,please make sure this app installes on extarnal.
good
It eats up 100 mb of internal storage and cant be moved to sd card !!
"It is a continuous relationship of friendly natured human beings around THE GREAT WORLD"
Good
Like.
What the hell!! Your last upgrade wrecked my Facebook,  it's so slow and no one's profile pics are shown. Fix it facebook!!
Fine
It's very annoying that I have to download messenger to chat. Getting worst.
Crash or freezes
Good
Error loading news feed...
Why does it continue to crash. Please fix it
My phone (Galaxy S4) updated 2 days ago and ever since the links in my news feed don't work - they just bring up a blank search page.  Please fix this!!
Thanks
Nice
Pretty simple ideology that has worked for centuries.  Why has no one at Facebook heard of this concept?  I was forced to upgrade to this version, and I cannot open it.  Then, you want excessive permissions?! I'll just stick to the website.
Good
Very good
hi
minta faceebook yang baru
Ashraf
Good
The ratings are good only low. That suggests for more than what we need to know.
Vre vre nice review
Its fast  and  good!
Student of Rangpur Polytechnic Institute
Liek
Too
Can't log in grrrrrr...
Piz
superb
Dara
I nokhanyo soka
Please fix this problem.
Durgesh prajapat
Could make it more oof
U wish I cud go back to the old FB
Suka
Unable to reinstall and nothings changed since it was on device and now it keeps saying insufficient space crazy
It keeps on crashing whenever i message my friends or just open my messages. Pls fix this. Ive been having this problem for a looong time.
Horrible
its easy to use and i love it .
All statuses and comments are being shown as just now.
Looks into to much off my personal info an should be aloud to use to see messages an reply with out downloading messenger just a waste to see you guys have fallen so far down to cutting us off of Facebook by making us use messenger
Android
lilili
It doesn't allow me to confirm a friend request
Naic
why do you need to force people to download this ap?! it should be by choice.
FB bawaan device Z***one gak jalan proper, gak bisa di update lg
This is my second time complaining bout it.. PLEASE FIX IT !!!
Sonam
Not soo good
Crashes very often
How do we merge contacts with phone reply plz
Hassan
When I download pictures or videos I cant upload its always uploading.. there is no end to upload ... plss fix this..
Great app
I just have updated my phone, and now won't able to reinstall Facebook again
very love it and I communicates to all friends all over the words.
Nothing to say.... Itz amazingg.....!!!!
facebook is amazing but the messanger problem cant open directly¡­¡­¡­
Ndr
The only problem is that when I am looking at the news feed and when someone messages me and I  look at that message and again come back to the newsfeed then it shows from the begging and then I have to scroll and scroll and scroll all the way from where I have left that is just boring if u could just fix that then every thing is just fine
Wonderful app to connect  people
Paly
Nicy
I love facebook
Its a very good and funny app.....
Where is the update of this Version ?
Why does it take so long to load for news feed and other stuff.. When i try to open it in a browser, its fast as in FAST.  What happen.  And it also logs,  especially when ur into fb messenger. Don't make it a necessity to install that Fb msgr.  Kindly fix it.
Roti
I lik evry one
When I open it, it works for. A moment then freezes. not happy
Please fix it . Do something. ? Sh******tttt !!!
Facebook
I doesnt work

Great loved it. KEEP UPDATING AND MAKE WORTHY
It writes 'setup is loading' and then it goes for a the next thousand years to come. It slows down system and can easily crash my andriod  4.1.2.         Fix this problem and i will give full 5 stars.
Best app
Awesome
It's acting up. Every time I sign in today, it always says TRY SINGLE-SIGN ON AGAIN even if I am already logged in. But then weird things started to happen. I can't access messages. My notifications seem to be stuck on previous ones and I can't connect any app I have on my android to fb like hayday. I tried uninstalling and installing again but with no improvement. Pls fix. Thanks.
Kurti jaket
Family's & Friends & (Special )!! One
Wayyyyyyy cooool
Love faCeboOk...:-*
Its OK
Awsm
So where do I start! I click the app to open and it gives the Facebook screen then takes me to the news feed and crashes and this is now happening every time also all the touch screen buttons are all not working uninstalled and closed account!
Quick &accurate
Not properly installing,duplicate provider authority shows
Nice
Nice
I love it
Good look
Good
Scroll 2 minutes and there are posts from days ago. Compared to if I log in on the PC it takes me an hour to see the posts from yesterday
It shuts off all the time when searching, posting, looking at comments or just for nothing. Not happy
Naidusrinu
I hope my wish would heard by facbook app developer, it would be great if we can save video that was uploaded from someone page because sometime I saw good video on news feed, but I cant find it  again the next day. It gone deep in jungle of news feed.
ooH yeSs!!!!!!
Maganda sana kaso nagdadala eto, ng malaking amount ng space sa external memory ko. Please fix it.
Will load up news feed but after it updates it freezes and i have to work at getting it closed. :/
I cant login it always says " Login Failed "

i cant even download facebook now£¡
better app,thank all
Best ever
Dosent let me check messages
Yoyo
md sumon md sumon
Nice
I also loved it and the software is so awesome.
Super
Its really good.
I hate it so much.
Pooor
very poor service after updating... Become very slow... Not open fstr...
Trouble at times
Good but it sucks my memory
There are too many problems in this app....i can't log out....i can't upload any photos....i am not able to change my passwords......even in WiFi.... WTF is this
No respect for MOBILE USERS! Nearly daily 25mb updates for poorer quality. :-(
a ploaded
No video chat in this application..and Not chat options.. New update.
Good
Eats memory fixed the freezing but hate that it wont let me see my messages wth i hate the messenger app and i wont get it i guess it might be time to give up in this app finally
Download
Very smooth..very easy..it took me while to get used to the new design but eventually loved it
This is a great update. Works well when offline.
Good
So faster for these app
Sometimes it doesn't work right.
Nice
Its good but slow
Great aap I love it
1 GB internal storage. This stupid app+its data take 100 MB. Zzz. Make it moveable on extra SD card please. Then I will give 5 star. Tnx
Facebook has been freezing up and comments won't load up all the way. I go to Facebook sometimes and have a black screen and that's it. Facebook is starting to suck.
Good
Very slow to load!
This is a good apt hell yeah facebook
I liked it
Keeps crashing very annoying
Excellent
This is some bs I can't even get on fb bs update
On the HTC One, constantly crashing every time I go on it. Sort it out! Getting very annoyed now!
Every single time I try to click on an article that would pop up through a regular browser it crashes the browser. Even crime!! Tried everything. Uninstalling!!
Love keeping in touch even with friends I haven't seen in a while.
Want new email
This app is pish it wouldn't download so certanly wont install but hey presto after about 60-70trys over 10days or so it did download but its shite
Slow
Good
I'm loving it
Good!
Tsehay
So nice
I like to do fb.
O'sam.......
love it
I think the app is getting worse, huge updates all the time are filling my memory, having to download another app to excess my mails is absolutely ridiculous.
I like this app
Very bad keeps freezing not wort having
Gbfdgnh
Playstore
Peeps its OK but you can use instagram
I like facebook
Android's FB app is getting better and better everytime!!! Good job team!!!
It is very helpful
Slow, terrible low functionality
Please add translator. Please please please..
Keep on crashing..tried lot of time. Please fix it asap
why i cant install facebook? this is so crazyyy! Please fix!!!
Nice used ·Ç³£ºÃÓÃ!
Is it better than older version?
3355133
Like
I really like this
Its nice K
I love it
Re-enabling the messagin feature was a great idea. The app still is not a equivalent with a fully functional desktop one.
If it didn't take up so much space on my phone I'd give ¡ï¡ï¡ï¡ï¡ï ¡óSamsung Captivate Glide¡ó
Not that good.
Fast and easy
After this latest update it works really slowly and can't be logout once i have to open it twice to logout completely
Does not get installed on google nexus 5, please fix it.
Not optimized for tablet
I have same problem as mark
It's not like how it used to be. Takes up too much space and takes too long to load. What happened?? Stop making changes that's not making improvements on the app..
Can,t log in after update
Not  like
Facebook is brutal !!! Worst app in history just when it's working fine you guys do an update an all hell breaks loose!
I cant download it because it so big
yo it....
xciting bcoz it has soo many options and choices
Id give a five star uf I knew the security was good.
Freezes. Runs slow and take FOREVER to load pictures.
Love it
Gettin' better.
This app is made for time pass
very useless, if you disable fb chat
Keep  up  my  facebook
has been great fast n nice
Great app
Why this app always do the little update?
It never loads or tells me when I have a notification. I've had better luck just getting on Facebook through my internet app than using the Facebook app.
I think face book is an amazing app u people should get thr app. #facebook
Find friends
I luv facebook.
This is very good app i like it very much
Nyc tympass
Every time I like a status or a picture, it automatically unlikes it, I'm not able to upload pictures at all. It's very slow when I log in. I've deleted this app several times due to frustration and here and there I would re download the app to see if it has changed or not.
If OK There's Nothing GREAT About It
This app cant install at my phone always error.. Error error.
Bleh
For an older version
Good
I have to exit and restart to get part of the feed to load, comments fail or pretend to fail and post twice, viewing of comment window rarely loads, the app is too bloated for the rest of us who have slightly lower tech hitech devices. I'd still LOVE a STABLE app that consumes FEWER resources that truly is RELIABLE with fewer features than the beta test stuff that you always push out. It will be interesting to see if your beta testers reduce the the number of not - ready - for - most - services releases.
Update is good
Like it
After updating it, when i open the app it keeps showing setting up facebook, then it shows just a moment. Then it shows facebook is not responding. I am not able to use it any more. Keeps crashing.
It's alright
Do not let it tack to long to download on your phone galaxy5c
Face book has very much users    I like it
Tite
Started crashing when switching tabs after latest update
Can't even install it. Thought I'd give it a second chance, but I guess not
It keeps crashing
Sucking app
Good
I think that it has great things but a lot of people do geg bullied on facrbook a lot just like i used too and i dont want anybody else to get bullied like i did thank you...
Good
After updated use for few week The problem still not been fix yet Problem is the apps will automatic close itself after some time pls fix asap
But why does it force us to download messenger it worked perfectly fine just the way it was I will give it five stars if you put it like it was before
Note2 news feed automaticly scrolled up.. no Page break like before. So cant read unreaded news feed
Very good
When your an admin over a group, you cain't use app to change group photo, or search members of a group to block them if needed a members search for group admins on the add would be great feature to have. Also seems to not show all post in a feed at times in groups this should be looked into also and fixed. Other than that app lil quicker than browser on my android but does crash alot and makes my phone act up at times that does irk me quiet a bit also.
My emoticonsssss...
Wow!!!!
Nice
Wont let me watch videos on facebook, keeps saying sorry the video cant be played
Have not been able to use FB for about 3 weeks on my Samsung tablet. Will crash just trying to read or make a post.i have uninstalled 3 times and it hasnt made a difference
I like u
Since I downloaded fb. It has been very slow and lags.
Excellent app.
Problems loading. Keeps freezing. Will not log out.
Slow on my Htc One M7
Facebook app
I love this apps
Dx
My Facebook
crashing
Ok
Like everyone else...ever since i updated the other day, its super slow, cant go to certain pages without it crashing and closing and i cant watch videos anymore... fix this!!!
Please let me know
VERY WELL. BECAUSE IT HAS BEEN PROBLEM TOO MUCH. I DON'T LIKE CHANGE NEW PLAN. SECURITY ALWAYS LOOK FACEBOOK ARE THINGS. WILL YOU STOP CHANGE FACEBOOK? PEOPLE ARE STEALING PICTURES. PEOPLE HAVE MORE NEW CREATES.
Hi
Love it
Keeps freezing! :(
Wonderful
Naice
Now its much faster.
Good
From the last update my app doesn't work anymore . fix it up.
Facebook is very important friends
yes
0 stars if you ask me ! This some bullshit ! Crashes unexpectedly !
It just shows a blank, white screen
Alright. Can lag and be a bit glitch on my device.
FB became police on our sites..Nothing to hide...just weight and age....but not in FB...ha ha ha
not responding again!
Bakit lageng nagloloko yung facebook -,-
Facebook is not supported on my device. Why is that so? Is there an issue with your facebook version? It use to be compatible with the previous version.
Unwanted notifications daily. App keeps getting worse and worse, didn't know it was possible. Apparently it is.
I hate ds
Works fine. Could also be improved though
Its a good ap coz at the end of the day its facebook but it freezes on me quiet alot
Make provision in Facebook to download or transfer its videos into mobiles or into memory card easily. Please update it  Thanks
Informative n live touch with family n friends.
Can't watch certain video please fix and I will higher my ratings
Mabagal Minsan Yung Net;3 Pero Masaya./.
Does the job. But could use improvement. I don't think you should need messenger app and facebook app. That's too much space for nothing. And sometimes loading is slow while scrolling.
This is good
M
Love it
Very good app & very easy to to used
Freezes over half of the time & the only way to fix it is to exit & hope it works next time I try to open it.
I love it
Must have
:)
I want the older version...
Engagement

We should have both options like the desktop version.
Its Wooooooow this App
I like it
It keeps freezing and im always having to install & uninstall this app over it!!

Ok
After the last update, I'm having trouble opening the app. It takes a while to open them it stalls and finally it closes. Need to fix the bugs.
I enjoy using Facebook
K
Nik
Would be nice if there was an update to change the looks of it. Its annoying where the most recent is where you have to press to get the recent news feed! Other then that it works good on my LG Nexus.
Sk
Crashes to much
I like Facebook as my personal stuff
This app is always messing up. I always have to go to a computer to sign in. Not to mention it's always freezing up.
Want messages without having to download the app
My grandson sporting the fabulous cheesehead.
Since my Galaxy Tab updated its software, this app crashes every two minutes. Every time I try to post, every time I click a link, every time I try to view comments. Very annoying, and time wasting to have to type things multiple times because the app crashes and I lose it.
I love thzz :**
Life server
Gob bless you :-) I'm always in trouble loading and made me wait most of the time, i cabt log out if i dnt have net unlike the older version i can log out w/o net..often time whenever i opn my fb it always says force close..even im connected it say error loading...I really felt so bad as I tried to improve my new account but it became worst..;-'(
Last update fixed everything. Much easier to get around and edit things too
Updates made it better by along along shot
Really bttr way .... but there is one prblm that aftr sm tym its inbox stop opning bcz it thn demnds to install messenger... nd i knw mesennger is not at ol gud... i dnt like ths...so plz improve this thng
This is my farst time on face book.
To start off it took 4times bfore it finally downloaded
Too much of a data hog.. I am researching other social sites to make a switch.. also hate the Facebook messenger app.. hate it hate it hate it # Hate it
Is Facebook app that bad? I cant believe it! Are you guys the best of the best? Im doubting! Please prove me wrong!
Trying to get back on and can't get on keep using password and tbeu don't work
very slow to login
Have friends & family everywhere, love being able to keep in touch daily.
Uninstall then install
Facebook sells your private things to third person companies and its always stealing identities. Same bullshiz with Messenger. So I deleted both.
I like facebook
Its very buggy pleas fix this it keeps on teeling me that Facebook  is  not responding  i have a great wifi connection  but its just not working.
I love this app cause all my homies  on face book
Keeps crashing so I uninstalled it. I am going to install it again, just to give it another chance. But if it keeps crashing and causing my phone to hang, out the trash it goes.
Anil
Lllllllllllluuuuuuuuuvvvvvvv iiiiiiitttttttt
The new update sucks. Keeps crashing when I open. Slows my phone down so much I have to restart it to get on fb or do anything on my phone.  Go back to old update where I could use the app! Ridiculous.
love it
product
L
Hate this new update
Nice update facebook
But could you make the facebook with no messenger . I don't like it . Seriously
Yes
Full connection. WiFi.  Says I no internet connection,  but I have full connection to WiFi! !!
Crashes all the time horrible app.
Very nice application.!
Hi when I add a friends on the application it doesn't notify the person of the add please fix thanks
Facebook
Keeps shutting facebook off when I click on a picture or link had to restart over and over against
You

It keeps stopping
When I tried to log in my account it put me on my dad's friend's account from like 4 years ago. Go to reset my password to my actual account and lo and behold it asks me a security question I don't even have linked to my account.
So slow  Lazyist app
Keeps closing automatically & often
I love it now ,why ?when I update it, it is always close itself, please fix it, Thanks
love it..if u download..for a new version..
Joah! Nice application :D
Automatically updated and now wont open. Just says setting up and then shuts down my whole phone. Getting really tired of all their glitches.
No chatin abvaiable
Tight
Face book
Super
I love this up
Its really amazing
Every time I watch a video I never fully get to watch all of it. I don't know why its not working, it just isn't. This is really annoying. Please fix soon.
I try my best
Awesome
Stop the ads on my time line please and do a better job protecting my photographs from people I don't personally know.
I loved it until a week ago. Having a problem for over a week now i click on a picture and facebok shuts off why i have unistalled and reinstalled other peoplehave this issue on their iphone but mine is on a samsung galaxy tab 3 HELP
Iam_lilcheef
All video proggram
Like it
Please fix bug. keeps refreshing and I can never see what is on my time line. Now it keeps crashing . And  freezes.
Keeps crashing when scrolling down news feed !!
Good
Mine does the same thing Marc plus someone tried to hack me.Ugh!
nice
Ask for personal info... Kinda creepy
Gud way to install
I love it u can talk to your friends and talk to family that is away from u play fun games .. U have a online yard sales u can look at and meet up with people ...
Duhh!!
Likes unliking automatically and comments deleting by themselves... Really?!?
WTH! 2014, still can't play HD Video. T.T
Fanntastic
Its not so good cuz its tooooo slow... i mean when i open this facebook app, there will be a gray screen and i have to wait it for like 4 minutes to open it...
My applicatin download after fast work it so that..
Back in touch with old mates
Keeps on crashing, i can't even do anything properly for a long time now.
Coooooooooooooooooooool
I can do anything...I can post,like and I can chat my friends its awesome and I m so happy....everyone download this...don't you know...its very good.
After removed this program. My phone no longer hung in high CPU loads. Old version refuses to connect to internet.
Seriously the messenger app is good but fb has fallen. I get so frustrated with it. Literally the only reason I still have it is because of peer pressure and messenger app.
Nahh
When i open the app its like grey screen then crash
The
Nice application
So it totally makes sense that you update the app but dont fix any of the problems that everyone has been complaining about for weeks. What is the point of this app if you cant post ANYTHING!?! Stupid,stupid,stupid. Thanx for nothing its still useless. Samsung galaxy indulge if you care.
Only reason why I would give it such a low rating is I hate to reinstall it every dew days just so I'm not forced to download messenger
Account
Very good
Fix this app ever since it updated itself it keeps shutting down so annoying
App keep crashing, closed during used, can't refresh, n many more bug. How come? Pls fix it.
When I log out I can not log back I because it keep saying session closed please login that it kicks me out and I can even login o have to delete than re-install if I really wanna US it
This is good
Excellent apk
My first Facebook!!!
SUPER Dog
Amulyam Thanne
Klau bsh di buatkan lgi aplikasi terbRu di dlamnya....
crash all the time
It's good expect messenger
I an still getting no further then the setting up Facebook splash screen
Sucks
it doesnt let me download facebook
like thAt im able to talk to family offline
Good
Disappointed
Gud
I get to chat with my bae Angelina Gonzalez XD
Yeaaaaah
Facebook
I hate this app because its not good so i give you a 1 star
Good
best
I changed my password. Will not let me log in. tried the old password same thing.now I can't do a thing.why have a change password if it screws my log in up.I can bring it up on crome but that as far as it goes then it bumps me off and wants me to log in.what's up with Facebook. Think I'll go to some other place. If I can ever delete it.
K
Not showing pictures after the update! I have 4g connection and can browse website without any proble
Gooooooooooo
TOUHEED ALI
Bahut slow page open h sale ke! Worst apps!
Fmoi thekidd____ 4_s
It sure wants a lot of info it really does not need. It works.... but they are making a lot of money off my info... Where's my cut?
Since the new update fb app freezes, glitches and also force closes itself almost every time i use it. It worked perfect before the last update. Please fix this and ill give more than 2 stars.
Every once in a while, when I try and load the app it does this weird flashing like it's switching between multiple screens that are black and white. I wouldn't have an issue with this if it was once in a blue moon, but it's happened like 10 times today alone. Other than that the app is great.
Worst app.
After i updated it. It keeps on showing "just a moment." Not a good idea to update.
Its so very slow.. Even i 
Have a internet connection.. And sometimes its unresponding application..
All I have to say it could be a lot better than the last couple of updates
Wow this make me first. On the news I love this app
Siiiit my app can't sigout manual. Applikasi error not respon
I hate dis shot it don't show up to date status
Can't open, freezes every time
I love I don't have any problems with it maybe you having problems but I'm not I think you guys are doing something wrong
It's the worst app they really need to fix it so it will stop kicking me out
Every time log on setting up buffer.Always force close..This version garbage never should have upgraded!!
It works fine its awesome!
Good
Its not showing my friends profile pictures
Very good
u really fucked up facebook
Nice layout
0 star if i can , fb suck
Update not working,fix it asap
I cannot stand it when I'm reading a post and then it automatically scrolls all the way to the top!!
Can get updates days later,after things have already happened!
Horrible latley won't do anything just freezes and shuts down and ask to report
I liked it very much.:-)
It can get better but now it's ok
Keeps crashing on my galaxy tab 3.... plz fix
Diya. Diya
It always crash and freeze up my phone.
Each update results in a laggier, slower to load home screen. Starting the app you are often presented with a gray screen for a couple seconds followed by at least 2 more seconds before you can scroll the news feed. Frustrating
Nice app love it
Videos not playing at all hate this app
Love It.
Eddanapudi
Meeting your friends and stuff ok kidding
Loved it
Cool
facebook
Facebook
When i try to open anything the app closes, uninstalling
It's very slow and lags real bad. Also I uninsalled Facebook Messenger because it was so huge. I don't have room for it. 
Supper Starr
It works.
I like this app
My like
Force closes all the time after recent update. Why does this app update so frequently? There can't be that much to change, that often!
Huh?
I wish there was a confirm to exit option. I hate when I accidentally close the app.
I just love love love this app. Where would life be without drama lol
Yeah
Keeps force closing! What a waste! Get it together!
No lyrics! And no songs included that anyone would recognize or want to hear. Big disappointment.
Good
At first this app worked fine but it has updated now. I freezes my whole phone
Good app
Love facebook thanks...
Thanks
Love it
Cant believe how this needs to update almost DAILY.
For an older version
Helpful and important to communicate to others specially to my love ones!!! <3 (y)
Awsm
I don't know what happened but I used to tag people on my facebook and now I cannot tag whatsoever! fix it please!
Good
Taked too llng to install
It's good
Can't open my Facebook 
Fine
Hogs up space

It won't load properly this is getting worse and worse
Not bad
Facebook
I need more speed for to preview some pic.... tell me what
Facebook
Keeps on .crashing.and.carashing
Thanks for not letting me see my messages and for forcing us to download that shoddy messenger
Facebook
new Facebook app I love it it is so responsive and so quick
Crashes at start
Exellent.
Entartenmint
It's just Chuck Testa
It keeps glitching and freezing. I have to keep uninstalling it and reinstall it just to make it work properly until i sign in and it glitches and freezes. This is very irritating. If you do not fix this issue. I will say to hell with facebook.
Mess things up with messenger not good at all

;)
I love Facebook
facebook
Love it.but got hacked
Keeps crashing Chrome AND default browser when trying to open external links from the home page.
I get a notification that several friends have birthdays today, but when I select it I'm taken to a list of birthdays from tomorrow onward!
Samsung Galaxy S3, crashes all the time since update. Worthless...
it crashes always
Liked
AAAAAAliye
Always enjoyed it
Keeps freezing and closing out on me
So explain to me again why making messanger a separate app was a good idea. Since this messanger fiasco my facebook does nothing but freeze up EVERY few minutes. What was once fun is now pure garbage.
After the update, I clicked the notifications but it crashes. Fixed it and I'll give you five stars
I'm terrified to update because you guys screw something up every time.
When I opened the app it crashes...
No thanks, uninstall! Sad that I won't even use this app anymore and am going on Facebook less and less now as well, soon I'll be done with Facebook altogether...
Love it
Facebook
Such a boring when i use this,it alwayslagging in fact it also said force close this is what you get for my star
Whenever I download it says download error 919 I like the app but then my friends girlfriend deleted the app and now it wont work
I love d appointment
I love that I can update my Facebook from anywhere by using my phone!
One of my best working apparently right now
Says loading then kicks me out of app. Fix please.
Ms
Whenever I click a link, any link, it will ask me which browser to use to open it, but which ever one I choose (I have 5 browsers and tried all of them) that browser crashes. I'm sure this is a problem on Facebook's side because I can open links from other apps without any problems.
It updates like 3 times a week and does nothing but take up more space after each update..
The last four updates have not worked for Galaxy Tab.
it wont upload,it says try again no connection ,everything works juat fine in my fb internet browser other apps but this.
Its so awesome because my kids always want instagram and text messaging so me and my wife gave them an acount
freezes all the time after whatever newest update did,  have to restart phone to get back into it..  all other features in phone and apps work fine,  just this app. disappointed.
Keeps crashing when u sig
ilove sex
Nice
Bad
I like it because I can do stuff with my friends
Crashes everytime I go onto it!!! Really? An update everyday? I really dont think that's needed. Its rubbish.  Also why does it need access to things like my sms and mms?? Invasion of privacy!
Cool
Mobile
Facebook iz a poopi
Can't log in says setting up for like 30 min
Stop trying to force me to have the messenger app by preventing me from removing your messenger sales Ad from my message box.
Photos don't load, videos don't play. Tried both wireless and 4G. Lately facebook is awful.  Hope someone will create a new social network. Fb will have the same fate as hi5
Your facebook app crashed my samsung tab3 cost me $133 to be repaired . Im disgusted in it. Edited: i now installed app into ph tp try now that has stufed up. Sort your shit out or dont realese app untill safe
Literally Facebook becomes unresponsive within few seconds and closes out
Very Cool
I love using the new facebook app... Staying in contact with great friends and family as well as connecting with new people everyday is a breeze with it! -)
Its just perfect,great one.
Great
Not too bad, but it desperately needs a search function for within groups like the desktop site has
Yaaaha!
For some reason it keeps reverting back to how Facebook looks on the mobile browser instead of how it's suppose to look in the app. All of these updates are getting to be annoying also. And trying to open an article from the app in a browser sucks... It crashes the browser and Facebook app constantly.
Even worse!! There was an update that rocked, I could tag people from the app that weren't on my friends list, could access my other messages from the app, it was awesome, aaaaand it's gone. So over Facebook.
Loves that
Good
My facebook app has not been the same since update!! Please fix or I will uninstall! Thanks
we need to forcely update the app?...why???..
I can't open/use this app
Good
Very good for communication.
P
This is really annoying fb... Why are you being so annoying to vanilla users?  No messenger!
These is the worst up date ever. It won't load any pics and takes forever to load anything. I can't even visit other pages because of it not loading pics.
Bs at times
Sick of constant problems trying to open. If it doesnt get fixed properly Im dropping out of facebook. JUST NOT WORTH THE AGGREVATION!
Perfect
Tnx
Its groovy cept this new filtering of messages i cant open them to everyone
What is the point to download facebook messenger?
I hate not seeing things in order.  Fix it facebook. Switching to google+ sooner then later
Facebook was working really well and now it won't update newsreel or load photos, have to wait ages & then it forces a close. Fix the problem! So, one year later and a different phone, your app is still freezes up and now it freezes and makes my Samsung Notepad completely unresponsive!  The internet version is better than this!
Fixed this always crash...  !!!
This app is good work well and speed is strong
I hate it
K¨¨eps crashing, very bad.
Downloaded the update and it would not work; so I uninsulated the app, and it will not reinstall. I am very disappointed.
Excellent
Lovely
Do it feel free
Can't answer messages.
New update keeps freezing. Always have to restart app. Please do something about it.
Its alot more fun than getin on the internet and its better
To much gossi
Since the new update i can't even get the Facebook application on my phone it just keeps saying "error incompatible update " it worked fine before the update now all I get is Facebook messenger, if it isn't broke don't fix it, pull ur fingers out Facebook.
Keeps freezing and not letting me scroll or anything.
Star
Best app
Could be faster at loading pictures on newsfeed
It likes to force close a lot but it's improving
Dont like that I need the  messenger app
Facebook lost
Wla lng  dmi lng kcng cute jeje
Power!
Social Media...
I cannot downloaded that's why. Always eror
Both Messenger and the regular Facebook app crash frequently ever since the split.
(y)
Even after updating the app, activity in facebook is still not responding. Well this is a huge disappointment!
It runs slow but it's cool
The images take forever to load. . dis wasn't happening till I updated the app. . fix it pls. . asap!!!!
Still I Rise
Why can't I see all of my past posts when I scroll down my profile page? It only shows "top stories" I want to see all of my posts, like I used to be able to. Really dont like that fb has changed this and I don't see an option to change it back. Very annoying.
It doesn't work
Dont know what's going on with this Facebook app and or latest update, it keeps throwing me completely out of app. I have uninstalled app and restarted n resetted my tablet and still same issue... fix it !!!!!!
It just says setting up Facebook... it doesn't work!! Fix this issue please before I just delete the app forever!
Good
Usefull
FB update for Android sucks! Please fix! App will only stay open for a few seconds then crashes!
Good
Newest update has annoying icon in my notification bar.  Vwry annoying and waste of space!!
If you want to read what your friends are up to or find someone it's great.
Please Fix,My News feed says error, Not loading after this New update, What happened fb. Please Fix
Good
I am getting really fed up with Facebook continually freezing. Get this fixed
Good gob , keep going
Good
My husband
I can't open any video in facebook.with 3g or lte. Pls fix
Still having these crashing issues wont log in or out for ages causing battery drainage
I lke this
Good
i love it
I like
I think the last update was so bad, and the program became slower, i expected u to fix this as soon as possible
Loved it
It's just a good way to keep in touch with ur friends and news ..
It is a good app
Not good lots problems
Good
On my xperia c I cant make wifi call
Its Great I love it
Brzinata i e dobra i se drugo
Assaf
This is the third time i'm re-installing it. After a few days of good use (not mentioning minor bugs) it crashes when I start it and never works again after, just keeps crashing. Fix this issue please. Was expecting better from you   
Love ko ang net
Since the latest update, Facebook closes randomly, fails to load my view of my page, closes when sharing a post or picture and closes when trying to load a picture.
Sandhu
Good but not to much
Hmmm
It's nice thing.... but everything is having the 2 effects negative n positive so use I use it positive so that's why it's awesome
Everytime I try to open an external website link it tells me that it crashed.
Please do that comment show in tree view so it would be visible who answered on which comment. Now they show in stupid arrangement with no luck to answer any post individuallu
i like
Its too slow =( =( not happy
The videos always seem to stop half way through and not start again, my connection is perfectly fine, sort this ridiculous flaw out..
Good
Very bad app, it produce large cache within a few seconds, it slow down phone when launched, fix these I'll give 5 star
Its not working
It updated then kept freezing every 10mins. So uninstalled and now wont reinstall. What a waste of time
Good
When I am scrolling far down into my newsfeed,  don't let it bring me all the way to the top because someone posted something! You guys should start listening to your users, and not just the beta testers.

Gay
My favourite app is Facebook.  IBM addicted to Facebook :*
Nice
My newsfeed keep freezing, then the app just closes! Please fix!!
I can't even look at my notifications. This is garbage you need to fix it for once
Son this thing keeps crashing on me I can't even use messenger at the same time gotta fix that
The app is good overall and accomplishes it's purpose, but I can't give it any more than 1 star because it always runs in the background even after being manually forced closed. This is a serious problem because I don't like battery drain and can't uninstall it due to needing it for some games. Please fix!
Great
Toooo slow
I like facebook
Very
Great for posting
Gud
crashing all the time
Twinam
Keeps freezing, force closing since update. Have to restart phone to close many times. Too many steps to do what used to be simple tasks. Won't stay on MOST RECENT where I prefer. I resent App or FB deciding what and when I want to see.
Gets all crashy after a few scrolls. Actually, can I just downgrade back to the last version that had messenger integrated? That version rocked!
Great
Worst for phones with low phone memory .. the previous update was better atleast in terms of storage usage!! And now cant use this app anymore!!! Pathetic!!! And after all of these , now again messenger!! What r they trying to do!!! Please develop a low memory version!! Please! Please release a low space consuming version!!!
The app worked fine until a few weeks ago. Now I am unable to reply to any posts.
²»ÄÜÔÚÍâ²¿·ÖÏíˆDÆ¬ÔÚÉçˆFÖÐ ºÜ³£ÓÃµ½ Ï£Íû¿É¸ÄÉÆ
Its ok
Face book
Great
Not that fast how i would expect
Hi ahmed
Its keeps getting slower and slower and foreclosing
Nice
Its slow at times.
Is the best app ever it keeps me connected
Kicks me off all the time
Its on the android wear list but doesn't work with wear... Why?
The app keeps freezing and shutting down every now and again
Keep crashing and wont open, please fix it
Hi
I lyk it
Avaniyapuram
okay
Dev
Recent update makes browser crash. Thought it was browser but started after Facebook update and only when opened through Facebook
Just yeah.
Javed.iqbal
Can be better.

All of a sudden, Facebook is draining my battery like crazy. Needs to be fixed or I will be deleting in the next couple days.
Each time that u guys have a update is amazing how it works.
Love This app
It be making sense
Th
Still crashes in less than a minute without fail. I'm running the latest version of the app on Android 4.4.2
Everytime i try to change something it goes back to the begining or offline please help
Its continuously crashing shows just a moment then closes. Have to keep uninstalling and installing becoming not worth it.
It works very slow
In general, Top Stories is a weird concept to me and using it as default sort in MY news feed is ridiculous. Like desktop and mobile, I should be able to choose the default setting. Also, some posts that I can see on desktop and mobile versions don't show in the app. Now we're going to be forced to use a separate app for messages. Facebook, you all are a little too controlling.
Love it
Forced to download messager app
Crashes
Easy to usr
Getting better
Everything loads slower than ever and freezes up more since the latest update.  Constantly freezes up.  Pictures don't load in newsfeed. Does not keep newsfeed on most recent.  When you click links from newsfeed it goes straight to beginning of feed instead of where you were in feed often. Does not log you oit, of you check security may be logged in 2 or 3 times. Please fix problems. I am very aggravated. Thanks
Nice
Why do you guys force us to download the app when theres already a fvcking chat on Facebook...its stupid!! What if we dont want it because somehow we know that you guys can watch us without us even knowing and that you guys can read our messages or take a picture of us and make it viral... thats really not ok! Im not having a problem with anything else other than that im really pissed bye
Just one question, why does this app update so much and nothing changes ?
i cant message my facebook freinds because i dont have enough room to download messenger and i only have 4 apps
It consumes so much memory of my phone...
Videos don't play and pages freeze.
Yup yup
No sd
Plz down load and shear
Conate
I didn't know what the hell I was rating but I was feeling generous so I gave it a four
Mira in progres
Just cool
Easy to find ppl and show off pix quickly but enough privacy for p.o.s
Current version had made a mess of my Android. And after cleaning up said mess, now the app won't even stay open.
Great
Awesome but others hack it
We use this very
Face
Fine
Cant use it for messenging keeps circumventing users choice.  Still trying to uninstsll it..
It's nice

What people won't put on Facebook today!!
Ok
Great
I will not ever download messenger no matter how much they bully, Zuckerberg piss off.
Update
I like

2nd.Best.App.Ever and dont even try to argue you know its true
it a amzing ye
Exelente
Very good to use
For an older version
Stop downgrading this app! Yippe, another downgrade that still didn't solve any of my problems in the last downgrade.  I've had problem after problem and the location setting STILL isn't working.  Please change it back to the way it was!  Please listen to us and fix this or I'm deleting this app. I'm much happier with the web version!
Very nice this I too much like
W ht
Es aplicacion super genial exelente usarla plz hagan no tarde para cuando uno le da a entrar a la aplicacion plz
Very good aplication
it is always crashing,  needs improvement!!!
Constant problems with loading never loads picture hate the design please change and fix
Very nice
5678

I am using a old mob xperia j in it no more space for app i can only ble to install the fb ap cant chat, u have close the chat option in this app so disappointed
Best
Its good website
New update causes app to not end its process when you exit it. Starts eating through my battery. Have to manually shut it down.
App
Good..
Awesome
Siva
Nice
Missing some moments..
And must use messenger with this
U friends
Reinstalled for 3rd time.  Sure hope crash issues have been resolved....soooo irritating.
Older is way better new Facebook. Is not the best
App not responding at all ; force close all the time ; take alot of time when setting up and then force close , freezing my phon , dosen't log out at all .. Very useles app and hated it ... Uninistall it fix it the reinistall
Good
Likes this
Without messenger I can't chat
The facebokis great but it as slow as a turtle
Kumar
..hhhmmmm love it & very like it
Very great
love it
Excelent
Image loading take a while and lags  Wish i could show you guys a screenshot of it!
After update it keep loading and after loading it get restarts
Awesome
R
It's as if Facebook needs a real competitive unofficial Facebook app. That would potentially sort the issues out.
Nice than
So many updates.. but then nothing had improved.. its getting worst over and over while taking so much space on my phone..
1 Billion downloads
how can I exchange by my two accounts easily ? not have to long time and sitting up ....... I mean that in Google plus
Plz fix video prob. Whenever I try to watch a video, the app shuts down 
error in news feed
I don't want to download another app just to read my messages...bring back the all inclusive app
Manaf ahmad
Too much ram used 70 mb, it drains my battery fast. So i disable it hoping to fix it... :)
566250
Why the heck does facebook need to have "access to my sms & mms without my consent"??? & why does it need to be able to "have access to my camera and be able to take photos without my consent"?!?! Wtf
I cnt log in evrytym i use my fb...
Can we get some organization in the news feed and the most recent?? Why is everything all out of order??

Constant freezing and force closing since last update
Its nice but wen openin some time its say can't open dis apps
Everytime I open, it will close automatically. Please fix it.asap.. thanks
1975
Sonu
I am about ready to scream. 3x now has a popup said that FB has stopped working and i've hit the report option. I even went into the settings to force close it to restart the app AND NOTHING HAPPENS beyond the stupid popup saying that FB has stopped working. Fix it. Fix it. FIX IT! These updates are becoming a problem (updates are supposed to FIX problems not cause more).
ÍêÈ«OK!
After updating it wouldn't let me to install it.
Godisak!.
Zeeshan maher
It's Facebook, what can I say. Nothing really to say. It is what it is..
I Dont like not being able to some thing on my phone with facebook but other then that it is ok.
The app really works just fine for me. Support for multiple accounts is a must for me though.
App is crashing without even opening to news feed. Please fix!
Meshram
Time pass
App is having problems. It won't allow me to get to my news feed. It keeps shutting down
Setelah di update malah jadi lambat...just moment..
Love it!
very very nice
Good
^-^
Okkk
Nice
Good app.
Yes D
Not bad iss goooood
I love it cuz u can talk to your friends and post things and like things it amazing
Awesome app
Good
The amount of freezing in this app is ridiculous.. I've had the Galaxy s4 and the HTC one M8 (both flagship devices).. And with both I've experienced the app freeze and become unusable without a phone restart.. Simply unacceptable
Smart decision if you want to use Fb on the go.
Why is the time of all posts 'Just now'?
Gud app
Can you please stop updating everyday? It's annoying and some of them are pointless.
What the Heck the new update won't let me load facebook!
Nice
For an older version
Work on how we can download video's from our wall
Its too good
Excellent
It's take so many time to download but its not installed such a time west app
supap fb app
Ever since the new update it always says just a moment, I can like everything but can't post a comment or status. Fix this please. Liked last one better
No me permite mensajear sin instalar la porquer¨ªa de messenger.
The worst
The current version is very very slow. Page doesn't load as we scroll downwards. Pictures don't load at all. Pls fix this ASAP....
How do I get my account back after its been hacked
I hope we could set up dates when posting a status. Like on websites. I know this is possible. :) hope u can hear me developers. This would be a big help.
Awesome!
Whatever change that was recently changed is terrible. Anytime I want to view a photo or search, the app closes after about 5 secs.  I have uninstalled, reinstalled, uninstalled,shut off tablet overnight, reinstalled and this continues to happen.  Let me know when you have it fixed so i can reinstall
Uses a large amount of data.  Voraciously consumes my battery charge.   I'm switching to web page view.  By saving the bookmarked page to my homescreen I can do everything (including message and other app restricted actions) from 1 place.   Bloated app along with declining ease of use...  deleted the app.
Great way to stay in touch with your friends
To you
Haseeb ali
its nice to communication....
Time pass,. .....
Very good
Constantly freezing and crashing. And as with everyone else I want most recent as default. HTC one m8
Its the second day that news feeds is Not reloading any more .. fix it
Awesome
Cannot control it,
Good
Nice application but need change every 2-3days
Awsome
Nice
Fix the crushing please I can't even check anything  it loads the newsfeed then it closes
Good get to talk to friends
I like it
Good app but it doesnt seem to be showing profile pictures
Ok
Dae saranghaoyo
Stability issues and crashes far too often
fearless and bold enough to get my vision
This is very convenient to use
Eats through data (not cache). I try to clear data which works but when I reopen the app it fills up again to exactly as it was before! Can't clear it
Awesome app
Good
very good app,mind blowing
It always shows that I have one unread message, even after opening everything. Secondly,  why do you require two apps to do messaging? Kind of going backwards, huh? It's inconvenient and now you have an additional icon on your screen when you go into a conversation until you physically delete the icon every time. Lastly, I wish there was some way to filter out adds, games, ecards, bogus news articles and non intelligent posts (may be asking too much). The Facebook wall has turned into a spam zoo.
So far it's a very bad update. It Am going to have to delete permanently if it's not fixed. I don't like that I can't upload photos from my phone! I used to be able to do it relatively quick, several at a time. Now it's one at a time and it takes forever to load. Put my icon back on my phone!  Update: You brought the icon back to my phone, thank you for listening but I would like it to actually upload now. EVERY upload fails! Even from fb...
This is great.. app
Great .
Love it....
I think it is very useful to fast the processing and easy to open it.
No matter how many times I have disinstalled and re-installed it, this ap is basically useless. I can't keep it open to do anything because it keeps on crashing.
Frequent update is killing my data. I suggest you to give us update if there is significant update on system..
The Facebook app for android is garbage and even more now that I can't message
Facebook has lost what it used to have. Now its just for games.
again, yet more problems, when I rotate my phone the screen goes black then comes back and I can't scroll or use anything on Facebook, its as if my screen has crackedI know it's not my phone, needs fixing, apart from that pretty decent app
Hai
Loved it
My aunti is angry
Whenever I log in , it won't open .. it sucks     -__-" please fix this many ..
The facebook
more than I expected
Uninstalled
This app is literally the NSA of social media. Scroll down and click the "shield icon" that says "permission details" next to it and read. Why do they need access to all of this information!!
It is very slow
Forced close to my note2
yamin patel
I can no longer view my private messages bcoz this app suggests i should install a messenger.. i used to have one before but i uninstalled it bcoz it crashes most of the time.. and now i will uninstall this fb app for not making me able to see the messages.. i will use the default browser instead.
Facebook works everywhere else besides at my house. It doesn't even work when I'm on wifi. Please fix this or it will be deleted.
It connect the people share with joys and sarrow
It occupies a lot space in my internal storage.
Nice
Wetness
just set it please. I cannot do it.
Impossible to user on my galaxy tablet since latest update.  Crashes every time. Just closes.  Every time.  Please fix
Liked it
THIS IS THE BEST APP I THINK!
Marygrace Merca
'Hi. I am having a problem with my Facebook app. Whenever I try to take a picture using the photo function, the app crashes and my phone restarts. My phone is 'Konka V976'. Please solve this bug in your next update'
Facebook still needs to develop a stronger sense of responsibility to their users.
This is good for connecting with our friends and family.
Often crashes when I push the "share" button.. fix it pls and will rate high
It is crap everytime i open this app its always hang and when i scroll it is slowly move i deleted 2 times and then i installed again it's the same crap please fix this apps
crashing
App is moving slowly, and freezes up frequently. Trying to view some profiles (both personal and commercial) causes the app to crash. Getting real tired of your $#|t, Facebook App.
Awesome
Shocki million papa dolla
The only thing that is worse than the mobile site. It sucks.
I love it
This is the Slowest Social Network app ever and it is getting worse
!
Ameiging
Gud in implementing nyc one app
Tab 3 crashes whenever I try to navigate anywhere other than the news feed.  Works fine through the browser.
I like
It closes when i do anything other than scroll on my news feed. It gets annoying when i log into my work account to post and it closes! - samsung tablet
Crap keeps sticking
When I try to open links in both Chrome anf Firefox they crash. This only happens if I open them through Facebook.
My Facebook App. Didn't Refresh everytime i use it i always see 8hrs.ago
dts mayya
It crashes !!!!! With this updates it crashes :((((
Loved it
Sulma
Good
I hate using messenger and I don't want to.. it would be nice if I could read my messages on the facebook app not the messenger app
Getting better everyday
It's nt  working on my s5 it's loading for 1 hour in my news feed then it will close plss  fix it
Updated but its not showing mine or freinds profile pics on any thing.
the rate should be like 1 mill. this time
I don't have room on my phone for downloading your separate Messenger app. I'm not going to get it so thanks for taking away my only way to privately communicate with my Facebook friends. Unlike most of these kids, I'm smart enough not to give out my personal information to strangers. Fix it and I would love having Facebook again.
Book
Error loading news feed. Error loading news feed. Error loading news feed. That's all I get. Thanks.
Just take too much time to download
Very ok

Cannot downloads,,too slow 3hrs taken
Tnx for good tins
Nice
The new version of facebook can't upload my pictures so I decided to uninstall it and dowload another
Excellent
Nice game
So slow! :(
I like the UI change. Just one question, why does this app update so much and nothing changes? The app updates at least once a week, for no reason.
too
Like
It keeps feezing and stopping!! Fix this please

Play
It's no where near as good as it used to be the new design sucks too I just updated it last time it was up dated was over 2 years ago and its a no Brainer when I say the out dated version is by far better than the new one.
I want to be shown as "offline" , but even though I offline the chat , my friends still see me online... Like seriously ?
First I loved it, but, now it won't open at all..!! Its just keep on loading..!! Pls make it like before..!!
Stalno baguje i pored aplikacije of 40mb treba jos i mesindzer od 20mb. Ma mrs! Govna koorporacijska!
Nice
Cool
Facebook it's really not good for me
I like it
Keeps exiting every few minutes. Fix this and il change rating to 5 stars.didnt have a problem until the update. Also having error when playing videos
Facebook
Good
Sometimes Crashing
This aapa hsjefa sjegf
Nothing will load and my work connect is strong. So irritating
Make it more fastr
What the f
Loved it^^*
I have seen that it needs to update every day.
It is always telling not logged in properly ......
so cHeAp.. UNINSTALL
Balkishan tak
i hate it because it is too slow and if i open it it always takes times to work.
Super
Nish
Lo
Grrrrrrrr fix da problem
Could be better... it keeps crashing!!!
I like Facebook its awesome I don't think nuns wrong wit it
Po to.
Log out problem till last update please fix it quickly

It's not working
Facebook is getting old its like dead nobody goes on it anymore and you guys should put something on there to make it fun
Love this one
Did not want update it automatically did one day New update sucks I want the old Facebook app back well be deleting
I want most recent to be default 
Bk
Good application
Hope i can use the smiley
Its very gud app bt plss add some more updates like if we like any video on facebook soo we download in our  device .....downloading option its very imp i think sooo plssss check if u do this thnku :)
Not installing
Very nice ..i lk it
new update always crush. pls fix
Facebook
Nice
Fix the bugs pls
Pogi
It makes me fun everywhete
HP slate
I like it
Good
Sex is good
I Donot like it.but somtime when i am free .use some mint.
Sanju
cant update to latest version .. im on the very old version ..
Imran Mani
Beautiful
Love it
Find fraind
Nice app and i like it very much
Wow super
Loved
Images and notifications are not loading....
Facebook is getting worst!!! It keeps saying ur session has expired and will suddenly logged u out but then when u sign in it still need to wait for few minutes or either shut down phone first. Frustrating
Hope this time dis apk s not my problem lyk b4.
Super
Description
Everything worked
ttfff
i just hope that i can talk on facebook.b
Sanjay kumar singh

Dont like that they switch over to messenger its annoying
Anyone..Please follow me on spotify :D carl catapang i'll follow back...
Nice
Best of luck guys
Good
I use this app daily but the force closes are getting so bad. I have a Samsung galaxy S3. Please fix this problem. I don't understand why it does it so many times. Gets old.
Good
Lovely
When I open my Facebook cannot open quick or just Facebook not responding would you like to close.? Pls fix it....!
likes are
Application is very fast
Have had issues with pictures loading slowly, but with this latest update, NO pictures will load! So frustrating! HELP! WHY DOES FB WANT ACCESS TO MY TEXT MESSAGES??? Just for an update! I DO NOT LIKE THIS!
Inbox message late/not received..
Lovely
Crasing and updating 100789460 times in a month
After i updated it, i can't logout my fb account
Restore newer version
we i install facebook , i have a lag on facebook messenger
Maligaya park
Superb
I liked
Constantly crashes especially when trying to look at a profile or photos. Piece of shite now.....
I love it
Jioooo
After the last update facebook is not opening and just stuck on the setting up ..... reinstalled but not working , deleted data and cache not working , cleared dalvik cache still not working .....
Facebook
for older version
Refuse the new messenger as permissions are too intrusive.  Other updates not functioning well and make it difficult to use.  Each update seems to make things worse.
Keeps crashing all the time. I have been sending in reports everyday for 3 weeks now and have never got a single reply back or an updated version to fix the problem. Do you guys even read the forclose reports? Do you even care about your customers, whom made you rich to begin with? Im so frustrated and I hate being ignored!!! Could you fix the issue of fb crashing all the time? Please update a.s.a.p!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
There needs to be a permanent option to view your news fees with most recent not just in the options bit which opens in a different section which currently for me won't load so my only option is top stories. Who actually wants top stories. Listen to your audience and make that the option not what people want... FIX IT!!!
After getting to a certain point, it just freezes. I've never had that problem. Once I exit and go back in, I can get a bit further before it freezes again. More stars once repaired.
Supar
666
S L O W  P R O C E S S
Help you find friends to
No profile pics working of any friends.
Awsm app!
Frequent update is killing my data.  I suggest you to give us update if there is significant update on system. Max twice a month.
How nice of you !
Nice...better than my windows phone
Love it.  I can talk to all my friends
Gooood
You messed up... Bring messenger back onto the app until then 1 star
Sweet
Disgusting......plz uppdate
Nice
Gret app
Thakuri kumar41
Awsome app
No respect for MOBILE USERS! Nearly daily 25mb updates for poorer quality. :-(
I can't open my facebook if u want to open n den it will close so plse fix the problem.
Like
it's quit gd.
Freeze and buggy!
I like this and also upgrade
Nice app
Hassan
Crash, crash and crash, non stop crashing.
Nothing like it
The new update was so suck.
GET IT GET IT GET IT! I LOVE IT
Juan Eleazar Acevedo
Love it
Make. Friends
Constantly crashes, randomly closes, can't make most recent the default feed, forced the Facebook web browser on us, is generally very slow and looks awful. Forced to use Facebook to keep in touch with family overseas though so can you at least make it tolerable please??
Its soo slowly , bad update
Its stright I guess
Love it
World f¨¤mous app
It sucks cuz it keeps cutting off  every time i click on a icon it needs to be fix now
When I download this fb it always tell no storage in my phone Then I took the other phone and download
Tipu
It crashes aafter update
Haha :)
Ever since the last update it just crashes constantly
gud 1
It doesn't download on htc
Very good
John poindexter
K.Rambabu
Sana mka download ako ulet
.. GREAT
when i try to opened it it says "just a moment then it suddenly close all the time., i would prefer the old version of facebook.
Good
,its a fine app for me ...
This is too slow.
The greatest way
real
Facebook videos not supporting what can I do.....
Very bad ,,facebook now fell outbook
Miss the old facebook.
Like this app
its k
Nice Application
Face book
Hmmm
Good
Good app
Excellent
No conect
Its better than last version
Friendship
Awsome
Facebook dounlowd
It keeps crashin pls fix
Love it is soo ezy
Like to browse through the application. .
Very nice app
Sometimes as high as 100mb, even when app is not active. Slows the phone down. So I'm uninstalling this.
!!!!w!!
Good
There are some problems for coming the keyboard up
Good app,,,specially after update,,,
I jus luv it
I would prefer my news feed to be in ACTUAL "most recent first" order. . But hey. My qualm at the moment is that it just keeps closing, for no reason and with no warning.. The screen locks, then it's closed. Very frustrating! Generally ok though - given that there isn't really an alternative.
It is very very best to touch to family and friends
I love this appp
It's a good app for facebook but can you add reply ?
Crashes when I want to write a status update, when I want to view my friends page, when I want to leave a comment, just crashes constantly.  Over it.
everyday same posts again & again...... sucks.....
Very slow older version was good . This sucks
esto es mierda    I hate Facebook I do not like it
Like it
Will you add the ability to reply to comments directly? It is so annoying not being able to reply directly to somebody on the gaming pages I follow. Sort it out, come on.
Like
it has problems in loging out
Good I rate 9
I've never had an app freeze and force close on me as much as this one. It used to work fine, I'm not sure what happened, but please fix or I will uninstall. Galaxy S3
This fb is to fast
Like
Still slow and buggy
Like
Does not let me in with my original password.
javascript:;
Installing last time
It takes too much memory on my phone -_- ... it's not the only app in the world you know! .. you better optimized it!! And the Virus thingy on this App ... My friends just send videos link ... But they didn't send it ... ...!!or I should say A Spam ... it always crashes -.- which I hate the most... the notifications doesn't work

Hi
Teen patte
Its very slow make it faster bcoz its takes mi like 1 hour to write a text
Ever since these consistent updates started facebook hasn't been working right. My notifications won't load at all,it takes three times longer to open the app, and I don't like that you have to read what they think are most important, what happened to being able to read the recent statues...    .
Nice update
facebook
Good
I like it
Fuckinn bad
Sarahnawi
Yeah
Although I disabled apps request notifications, it's still annoying me and showing notifications! WTF!!
Calendar syn for birthdays are not for HTC sensation 4g
This is the best world app
K
Thanks very good
I like this app
Since the latest update fb has been crap. I think it funny the owner of FB never comments on the reviews like 90% of all the other app owners.
M ismaeel
Alot
It is good app
Ihj
Keeps closing every time I open it!!!!!
It's getting better, faster,  responsive, smarter everyday.
its awsome
Doodles
2 do
Good
After d update can't load images on wifi. It has gone slow. Plz fix it! Thank u
The most recent and nofications are always delayed. It doesnt respond very well unlike the previous versions.. But i have a strong wifi connection, thats why its kinda annoying.. Sorry for that, but please Fix this problems. I love fb but this problems makes me start to hate this app.
I love it.is very helpful
Good
Facebook kya hai
Just a moment
It keeps force closing. UPDATE..... I have got rid of this app, it will not even stay open. Garbage. UPDATE: Still force closing.
Nice
Lope
I lik this app.
Excited
EaSy user
Super app
Yes I do love it, it is very good
Awesome
Tyu
.......
It won't let me download it
Great. I like it
Nice Nice Nice
New version isn't installing in my phon.it's denying to install. What is tha problem??
After using for many days...it start taking more space...
Dewasi
Love it
So nice .
Awesome
Even though it kept saying it needed an update I did it n now cannot access my news feed...plz fix the bug..thanks
Good
Can't load new feed. Fix it
Yes
Daunlod
Just hate it... I can't do anything except chatting,comments and like unable to share, upload, post to someone wall or any other activity. Is this some kind of a joke always gives an error of force close what the hell is this??? I am reporting about this from august and you guys are doing nothing just making new updated everyday not considering about its quality please check it out
Hang master
Good
NICE APP!
No
Stop crashing..
Huge memory consumer, lag in displayed data, crashes.  Please fix it.
This Facebook style is better I like it
Really disappointed !!! don't update if just make it more worse
Its jus fuckin Facebook no big deal
Works almost the same as desktop version. Nice job 
A GREAT SOCIAL SITE
ilove it
Hanumanth Unkal
Updating everyday ..really?!?! Every update causes freezing and crashing 98% of the time I try to open, making me reset my phone. Totally ridiculous that I can't run my business mobile anymore! Unreal!!
O k
I love it! Thats all i can say
Update everyday... annoying
For some reason it keeps shutting off and if i try to like a picture or do anything to interact it shutsoff
@84
Like
Hey mark, why need to have different app to message ? Its just slow my phone, and waste of my internet quota. I hated it .
ITS WAY BETTER THAN TWITTER EVEN THOUGH TWITTER IS AWESOME!
Friend
my phone become very slow and stuck when i use this app
Too much
I am observing that now days this application is using a very large number of data on my xperia Z ... Plz fix it immediately in nxt update otherwise I will hav no choice except uninstalling dis app...
It has been freezing. I am not getting the latest newsfeed.
Wonderful
after last update it seems to having trouble logging me in and keeps saying session expired it does this a few times and my friends picture profiles disappear would give it five stars but having trouble with it
It kept going back to the top whenever it wanted. I even turned the setting to never update. I could be in the middle of an article and it would go back to the beginning. Frustrated!
U r declining fb app, se ur stars r getting low
I dont like the new way you watch videos. I hate it -.-
Wonderful
bad
To my boo... I love u forever more...1991-2050
Aman
I don't have problems with Facebook
parvaz akhtar
Like it
It requires lot of space, all Facebook games are not available in my country (Georgia) it can't load some of photos and it sometimes crushes
fu all
Facebook
Bestt app
From the last update its stucking and messanger is not working at all plz fix it.
I love this app its great
Like it
i do not want to download facebook messenger and i certainly dont appreciate facebook crashing and cutting out on me 24/7
No good loggy,, solow ,, and hung,,please fix asap
It's just like heart
Won't let me upload videos.
Very baddddd
Work full aap
Error 24. I have tried several times everyday  installing this for over a month with no success. Very, very, very disapointing!!! FIX IT! !! !
uninstalled bye bye
Only being able to access limited #of post from phone app SUCKS! Hope this changes back
Awesome
Its a good app .I love it
I use Facebook a lot and normally have no problem but ever since last night as soon as I click on my Facebook app it closes right away. Please fix this , I need my Facebook
Everyday we are updating it and everytime its just getting worse.
Plz upgrade asap!!!! FB Facebook for galaxy s5 android is so awful... its slow an crashes or freezes up every time I'm on. Plz update ASAP
I think it's ridiculous you have to have messenger in order to talk privately to someone.  I know you don't have to on a laptop or desk top but I'm hardly on any of those two things. .change that!
I cant change my cover photo since new update but still good app
What happend to fb application always logg.. And force to close.. My Celphone always hang.. Pls refair for it.. Thanks
Like
great
Loved its
Facebook is easy but since it required messenger, damn,!  I hate fb messenger! Why you need to require to install messenger..we dont need it..its too slow.wasting time
Kindly fix the bugs of the app. This is nt compatible with the kitkat. The app get terminated suddenly while using. Pls fix it ASAP
Suri
Can't open links anymore, the browsers crash automatically. And they work great when not opened from Facebook.
Dilipkumarjain
My facebook
This app is causing my screen to glitch. I know it's this app because it only happens when I'm on Facebook.
Esy to brwz frm tz app
After the last update it no longer allows me to post a photo under a comment. Please fix this!!!
Keeps foreclosing the app and than freezes my phone. Going to delete the app NOW!!
Etthatam etthetama etthetama......
Most of the times I watch a video, it loads but never plays. I'm tired of of uninstalling and installing this app. Also I don't want the messenger app. The app and fb is both taking to much space. U guys r getting worst. Fix the videos and stop forcing people to use the app if they don't want to. Than I will give it 5 stars.
The app crashes every time it tries to update the news feed on my Note 2. Its quite annoying.
boring
Very nice
This a great app for following up with old friends and family and sharing special moments.  There should be more new account monitoring to help prevent online scams as I have found three in the last month originating from Ghana, West Africa and this matter should be looked into its women in there 20s soliciting money from people . Thank you for your time officer Sgt. B.Harris
No messenger. Major missing feature of a social communication app.
amazing
Great and convenient
Too good application
Waste of time! Keeps freezing and crashing
Just beautiful.!
Facebook
Texcoshawty
Facebook
Nice app
Mw
i
Nice

Very bad
Ever since the up new update I cannot use my Facebook . It knocks me off when I try to go on my notifications or even on my own wall .Should I uninstall it and reinstall it, please help me Facebook? ( and it wont sync)
All day it wont refresh my feeds. Any games associated with fb also wont sync. What's going on?
I am not able to install facebook in my grang 2 kindly do the needful.
Constantly loses connection. Cant comment on posts.  Its just not the same since newest update. Please do something.
I love the app, I really like the new look. I do not like messenger though
Good
After the last two (?) updates, fb keeps freezing and crashing on HTC 1.
I recently updated my Sony Xperia E1, I say recently, it was at least 2 months ago, and facebook has been incompatible ever since!
It is not responding !please fix it !
Better
Facebook
This application is very slow please do something fast
Would like to mark my notifications as read without clicking on each and every single one and to share posts in private messages :/
Ashraf
Nyc
Seen multiple post about it closing randomly with the samsung galazy tab 3 10.1.    When is this issue going to be fixed
Fast photos apload
Bhatti
Good
Awesome
Great application
Its ok... I lah it
I DONT WANT TOP STORIES
Good keep iftf up fb team
I get this error alot ever since the last update.
Love it
Md Shamshad alam
I'm done with this app. It won't even load my newsfeed at all now.
Woman of action

Srishail
It's Facebook
It's getting worse and worse, i cant watch videos on my news feed, it opens and just plays sound???
I love the easiness of it so far. My mom is navigating it at 67.
I DON'T LIKE IT!! IT'S SLOW AND IT'S SLOWING DOWN MY PHONE AND MY MAKING PHONE WARM ALL THE TIME! ! FIX IT!!!
Good
Freezes all the time. Slows down my phone. Have to restart.
Hafeez khan
Nabi Hussain
I love
Good
Facebook you can make new frends and talk to your frends
Its pretty cool
H
And do something productive with your lives adults my fb app don't work beh heh heh freaking cry babies
O
Thanks
Pakyu kayo
Wow.what a useful app
B
Wish they would stop changing things! I HATE the new messenger.  I never get to see everyone's new post unless I comment or like their stuff a lot.  Please change thing back!
Whatever update that was just done is extremely buggy. Crashes, slow response and poor connection
No
Facebook messenger is hopeless App. Don't suggest and Disappeared icons of Massage in Facebook link
Helllo
why when in the edit does not change in the timeline, but only when zooming in on the image? Please fix it
I would ggive it 5stars but
I'm so sick of missing and skipping posts in my news feed.  When I have it set to "most recent" isn't that what its supposed to be? It will go from 45 minutes ago and skip to seven hours ago. Stop that!!!
I get message notifications and comments but cant comment or see the messages or refrsh my newsfeed?
Cool
good
The pictures on my news feed won't load unless I use data. They won't load at all on WiFi. Fix that and I will give 5 stars.
Lol
You guys at facebook are greedy tw*ts, I use your app to speak to my friends I don't want you invading my privacy with your ridiculous permissions! Recording audio and video, taking pictures and looking through my storage!
Gud

Dump ... really !!!!!!
Good app.
$Prince$
Tired of them trying to make us download their retarded messanger app and all the intrusive permissions needed...
Keeps stalling & sticking on posts
Communication among FAM & friend's. Its amazing!
ddd
Never got the confermation code. Have never given a bad rateing until now. Fix this! ...
Noorgull
Thanks
Good
My Facebook always hung  what's wrong. . Of it. .
This app sucks! :E
Just leave it with the likes and comments. The views at videos is just unnecessary
Good
Awesum..!!
Best social net work for now
I just enjoy Facebook because have a lot friends I'm chatting with them every time. ..and family too
When using this app... all of a sudden for no reason it freezes and restarts my phone.  My phone is only 3 weeks old and this only happens while using this crummy app! Please fix
Mehul
Good
An awsm aap
Hate messenger
Awesome
The update killed it for me, 80% of the time my newsfeed won't load or it shows things that were displayed almost a month ago
Man life
Verry  g
¦¥¦Å¦Å¦Å ¦Ä¦Í ¦Ô¦Ð¦Á¦Ñ¦Ö¦Å¦É! ¦¢¦Ã¦Á¦Ë¦Á¦Ó¦Å ¦Ó¦Ç¦Í ¦Å¦Ð¦Å¦Î¦Å¦Ñ¦Ã¦Á¦Ò¦É¦Á ¦Ò¦Ö¦Ï¦Ë¦É¦Ï¦Ô???? ¦°¦Á¦Ì¦Å ¦Ê¦Á¦Ë¦Á?????????? ¦µ¦Ó¦É¦Á¦Î¦Ó¦Å ¦Ó¦Ï ¦Ã¦Ó ¦Ì ¦Õ¦Á¦É¦Í¦Å¦Ó¦Á¦É ¦È ¦Ì¦Ð¦Á¦É¦Í¦Ø ¦Ì¦Ï¦Í¦Ï ¦Á¦Ð¦Ï ¦Ç/¦Ô ¦Ê ¦Ï¦Ö¦É ¦Á¦Ð¦Ï ¦Ó¦Á¦Ì¦Ð¦Ë¦Å¦Ó!!!!!! -.- >_<
Ommgi loc e this
Since recent update I can't view the pictures clearly on the full-screen at all. When I click on a photo a very low resolution photo gets loads. And almost unviewable after zooming.  This has made me to access fb from chrome for High Res pics.  Plz solve this problem..
Super Fine
Ok
Good app
Teranaam
Why does facebook mess up every single time there's an update?
Anita
lT lS VERY SMART APP.
Luv it!!
OK
Bharti
really love this
Won't connect to facebook anymore as well as making me start over! Sucks!
Lund
Nosey
Wish it didn't take up so much space
Nice
Nyc
Always crashing down! Please fix this
Wots up wit fb it keeps closing the app before it loads fix this plz
Entertainer
It's good
Its ok
I cant upload multiple pictures.. >.<
Jnv Belgaum
Govind singh2332@gaiml com
Ever since the last update on this app, I've had a problem where videos on my news feed are not playing. An error message pops up every time I try to play a video. Please fix this. It will be much appreciated.
Is ka masla ye he k ye messenger k bghair no chalti
Facebook:  Fanny Fajardo
mizey
I want it back
Facebook a so nice apps this apps my to conet my all friends
Great
You are superr
Hana
Nice aap
5star app
Ross
:*
Not working after latest software upgrade. 'incompatable upgrade'
Like it very well
We Are The Jacksons the halls in Ross's and don't forget about the Daniels
My videos are now playing on Facebook thanks for fixing the bug so quickly
I dont want to install fb messenger,  please bring back the old messenger.
Good
This app should turn off after log out and to many MB being used and to much battery power be used on and off line ,when updating ,older version should be taking out and new version should be downloaded not have 100 MB after updates ...
Freezing during scrolling of message feeds. Its not working correctly.
Hi
Awesome
Love Facebook
Nice one
Coooool. app
Even tho it has some minor glitches, still awesome and addictive!!! Keep up the good work :)
Music
Hoho
I uninstalled the app and use internet explorer on my phone. Fix your app it's crap.
I love it
Since the last update, I have had so many issues, self closing,  freezes. Older post first on news feeds
Very good
I don't appreciate being forced to continually update in order to continue to use fb app. It takes up so much data as it is that the app leaves little room for any other apps. Fb has slowed down the use of my phone. I also refuse to use fb messenger. Too many privacy issues with both. I'm deleting fb app and sticking with using Google.
I get very addicted to it. And doctors have said that I might have to do a operation if I stay on the phone for a long time
Mint
You guys put games on Facebook that can't even be played on some phones,  there is a game called "into the dead " that I would love to play but my phone is not compadable,  if the games are not able to be played on all phones then don't put them on Facebook.  I have a "my touch Q " & I can't play.
Messes up my whole phone... since i did the last update as soon as im on facebook a few minute my phone crashes etc etc etc! Hate hate hate it! Please fix this! Facebook is getting ridiculously frustrating!
Scribed
Student
Iamlovetotarini
Devasagayam p vinkar
Aowsome
Skl
The app is working very slowly in my mobile
Good app
vvi
Supper dupper app
Super
I don't like the new messenger app.  Why keep your messages seperate?  Also,  timeline is frustrating. Can we please go back to the original fb? I would gladly pay $5 for that. This app keeps crashing on my galaxy 3 tab with kit kat 4.4. Please fix this!
Love it
Very nice
Great app
Alimubark0022@gmailcom.
Too many bugs
Krishna
hate facebook App on for mobile as keeps frezzing and not signing me out when i have finished using it on though my phone
App
Thear is some problem on logout time.
Love it
Not responding....
I really love this apps
Sagar
1 star cause I'm forced to get something I didn't want
Nice job
Jaan
Whatever people said
Super
I don't use it waist of storage on my phone!!!!! FIX IT!!!!!
Loved
Sometimes i am not able to see the last seen of some of my friends
Cost
Very bad features .The old version was the best
Junaima
Mera bhart mahan
Good
Almost daily updates and yet the app is still crap, news feed does not refresh properly and sometimes posts can't be deleted
fb
Crashing. Cant copy link of the picture. Spending toooo much memory on my phone, battery is dead after 10h. And few more problems but Im to lazy to explain. U suck.
Only got it for clash of clans
Since the last update, although I didn't think it was possible, this actually got worse!  Congrats!  And, no, I will not use messenger, I'll go to my browser and get facebook. It works better there anyway.
Plz low mbs to my phone
Like it
There isint a button where I could write something under my profile pic please fix and ill give five stars
Ya welll...bt there is a big problem in loading..!
Rohit
Average
Please Help Me...
Picture
Good
Its good but not sood good
UPDATE 2: Performance and basic functions fixed. Still no TABLET OPTIMIZED UI w/ all the time they've had. The revamped UI is superficially attractive, the main newsfeed is still a "popularfeed" instead of recents (which is still in the right most menu hidden). UPDATE 1: MAKE A TABLET OPTIMIZED UI. ORIGINAL: Now that this app has gone native instead of using that HTML5/webview bs, it's actually enjoyable to use on android.
I like
It's not good and fastes But   You're called temprelly AAp
There's still room for improvement
Tyagi
This app is wonderful
May
Worse than the last version. It will load and skip to another point in the feed. Other times, it completely shuts down. And I hate how Facebook determines what to see on my news feed. I'll see things from 2 days previous for friends, or I'll see a story constantly at the top of my newsfeed, not a new story. Doing the web version is less hassle right now.
I think it is wrong to practly force people to download messanger when all it is is a a I gues u could call it a spy camera some  creepy dude from face book is watching every thing u do and can see u right now
Always says error while installing
Very good
THIS APP IS THE WORST KEEPS SENDING ME STUPID F**KING PICS OF PEOPLE I DONT EVEN KNOW
Very fantastic!
I die with out it
After update, the app is always stuck and closed automatically. Do something with this please.
I like facebook
Since updated app forces close, not load new feed.
010594
N
12341
Liked
Fantastic one there.
Nice man am back
Totally awesome
Ysl
Latest update has caused the app to freeze up. I'm unable to get my news feed to scroll, to moving between feeds to post status. Quite frustrating. Going to uninstall updates.
Great facebook having this app
Like!
I hope that I can copy and paste post, also hoping that I can view pages albums, and also can add pictures with a caption on comment box, just like what we can do via pc.
My app keep closing out everytime i get on !
Y
Very cool
good app
Ramesh
Text should be copied from msg ... if this is done then I will give 5 star !!!!
Great
Good
Connected people with happyness.i love fb.forever nd forever.
I Love it. It put me in contact with friends and family that I haven't seen for years and it also keeps you up with a lot of things that are happening around you in your community.
On read some news and back to top bcos have new notif. More stupid update pls !
pesbuk tahi
Good
cool
I like RISHI DEV YADAV. RISHI IS SMART HUNK
So many problems
N
Very slow and awkward for tabllet. needs fixing. bad.
I love it
Good
Dosti love se best hoti he
Vv good
v.good
Best app for fb
All that money and you can't write a program that works
Keep closing me every time i wanna post something plz fix
Contect
Facebook
Good
Crap.
Bast
vets Food .
fu all
Crash
i js love facebook n mah facebook friends.. but now i found some problem to install facebook.. :( due to an error.. :'( plz help me
Super
Not able to play videos in fb app..plz resolve asap..
Great work (y)
Its very useful for communication among our society
I can't download,.. I'm sad

Good
When I click on something Facebook freezes and then closes
I can't send messages even if my phone is connected to a wifi it still saying network problem
Shite and all jumbled up. Preferred the old way.
It slows my phone down or freezes it up. It forces close. And if I want to log off I can't. AWFUL!
Nice app
Wow
Facets
Very good
Latest update: app freezes or closes unexpectedly,  I miss notifications, miss a lot of stories on news feed. Very annoying!
Facebook
Please download and see
Shouldn't be forced to get messenger. Also my facebook closes itself after a certain amount of time whether im in the middle of typing or not its HORRIBLE
So good
Icgel92
Its just fine.
Slow my cell fone
The fact that you need to download a separate app for messenger really annoys me.  I may as well use my web browser on my phone because that let's me do everything without downloading other apps.  It makes this app completely pointless.
Very good sosal midiya
Sudhar gaya finally FB..
Y
This app move very slow my ph
I can't upload a new profile picture. It keeps saying error.
Sluggish at times
Mari
Kiran
nic

I'm having a hard time with facebook whenever I try to log out my mobile account. It keeps on returning back in my news feed. Fix that hell!
Nice app
Mis mpulo
supper
Hi my number is 541 833,9672
Acts like that sh.tty Windows, and I started to think they use each of our phones like data servers, use our; uploads, downloads and hard drives. Just a thought and I hope I'm wrong...
No
try to log out it won't let me then when I do log out it says I am not logged out and it's messing with my phone
I love fb it's my favorite
H
Ngforce closed ang fb app sa cp ko updated lng amn cia... pki ayos nio yan...
M
F. Jannath
Pooooorr
It wont show my cover photo!! It only shows a dark navy blue color. -.- its very annoying, please fix...
I love  it
I love facebook, brings everyone closer together!
Good
Good
Alhamdulillah
i love facebook
Love it
Newsfeed is not working. App keeps freezing, and closing. It turns off my phone completey. When i  click a picture comments come up. Newsfeed does not update/refresh.
I liked it so much
Worst update ever the app closes itself while being used. It freezes too much!! >:(
I love this.
Keeps crashing.
UAM
Would have given it 5 but the new message app really makes me want to give it 1star.
Good faster
All galaxy tab 3 gt-p5210 are crashing at different instances after recent update. Please fix this issue.
When I press the back button when looking at pictures it closes. It should get back to the news feed or just to the post. When I hide posts of a "friend" their posts still appear. WTH. Please try to use fb mobile app so that u would know what to fix!
Good...
aftar last update it going to forced closd. not all time. 2-1 time dayli. pls fixed it soon
Best friend
I like it
Super like
i cant install facebook
Refreshing my news feed while I'm reading it!!!!!
samsung galaxy core 2
It keeps closing on me!!! Super annoying!!!!
My newsfeed is blank...not loading. What do I pay for extra data for & facebook so messed up it won't load
if there is less than one star i would give it to both apps (FB ..messenger) ..these apps are so profiteering ..why u forcing me to download both apps? ..which uses a lot of snooped permissions.. and takes alot of space from my device memory ..and use a lot my RAM ..and my processor ..and consumes my battery .. i hated both apps fucken too much
Nice
It is an app of smart man
Not geting profile picture's' get this sorted!ffs!
Ashraf
Awesome
Facebook freezes up my phone to the point I have to restart my phone! It's because it does real time updates, I think. That's what I've noticed anyway about when it freezes.
Love this
Best...
Excellent
Slow, and slows phone down, give us a better version or an older one please!
Dey
its good
Super
Nice
it will not down load anything Fix it please
9/25/14 Update:  STILL NOTHING!  Illuminati !!!!    9/19/14 Update: NONE. Automatic shutdown continues. Who do i need to call or write to have this annoying problem fixed. Somebody PLEASE acknowelge the issue and remedy ASAP.        9/11/14:   Keeps closing down as i try to scroll through the news feed and also EVERYTIME I try to open my own page. Please fix soon.
Beat
You'd think with all the money we make you you could make us an app that actually works right!
Nice to chat
The best app
Pics in news feed doesn't load
I like this.
I don't have space to download Facebook message they making download it I can't
kawsar how are you
Nice
Mehraj khan
I dislike it because I like whatsapp and hike most
Burn in helllll zuckerberggggg -.- just redownloaded it and my phone started hanging also stopped working 3 times after that, i rolled back -.- and disabled it
Cece
Loved it .. very gud app..
Too much massages from Google, eretates me at night
Very nice
Good
But slowing the phone
So nice
.. This app is a prime example of how not to develop for Android. A)Facebook runs in the background using an average of 53 MB (that's 10% of my available ram, more than the system uses) and a maximum of 80 MB, for the sake of a PUSH SERVICE WHICH GOOGLE HAVE PROVIDED GCM FOR. If you used GCM you wouldn't even need to run in the background! B) Do not apply iPhone design. We don't like it.
I do not like being forced to download the messenger app. Nor do I enjoy having to open a browser page to see my messages. I do not like the way the news feed is set up. The only reason I keep it is to stay in contact with friends and family that live out of town.
After downloding my handset working slow.
The app is good but lacks some features. If I want to copy a post i cant and it annoys a lot. In short, it needs improvements.
I can't upload my video anymore after I update my Facebook..
This app works great on my Galaxy S2 but on my Galaxy Tablet it is always force closing when I try to switch pages/profiles or see who's online. Plz fix
Luv it
Loved iy
Love it
Very good
I DO NOT WANT TO NOR SHOULD I HAVE TO DOWNLOAD ANOTHER APP TO USE THIS APP!!! I will not download messenger I think know that it is ridiculous that I should need two apps to run one when for all these years I did not. I don't need messenger or this app I can just use the mobile website and still Check my messages so I am not wasting space on my phone to download a app (messenger) because you want me to yet I don't need to. AND UNDER WHAT'S NEW YOU SHOULD HAVE **NEED TO DOWNLOAD MESSENGER.**
No
Please fix latest update to f.b. its been 2 weeks . Keeps shutting down . Can't do anything. Except read news feed and sometimes not even that fix it now!!
From the Creator to the people who use it its one of a kind
Slows my phone down and won't download on my phones latest update -_-
New update won't  let me load notifications and usually just crashes before I get the chance to hit my notification button. Also, loading takes so long I thought I was in a poor service area, lol.
Communicate to each other friends relatives etc.
It's slowing my phone down. Do something about the problem.
I don't want to use messenger. No, I'm not afraid of FB stealing my info and taking unauthorized pictures with my camera. I just don't want to use it. Your text messages are protected by law; your messaging via apps is not. I feel like Facebook is forcing it's users to use messenger or face the annoying consequences.  I'm sick of the message popping up in my notification bar (which I can read most of, so why not just let me read the whole thing in the app?). Goodbye FB app. If I need FB, I'll go online.
Nice
Good social network  to connect the people all over in the world
I cant watch videos from facebook while on wifi, but it works when im using data. Please fix this issue, i will 5¡î the app if you do.
I like the way you can stay connected to every one.
There has got to be a better, easier faster way of moving photos into other albums. Trying to organize my photos took an hr just to move like ten photos.  What a pain. Grr
No, Facebook! "Most Recent" is no longer an option of the main newsfeed, only the useless "Top Stories" mode!  "Most Recent" is now moved to the feeds list, and takes extra steps to reach each time you return to the newsfeed. I never, ever want to see "Top Stories" as a newsfeed and hate losing the ability to switch the newsfeed to the mode I use.
Good
Good
After updated use for few week The problem still not been fix yet Problem is the apps will automatic close itself after some time
amazing bt works slow even after good connection....sometimes...
Hi
I like it alot. Lol
At first it works ,but now it doesnt work correctly.
Jz luv it..awesum
Pls, go back to the old message, i dont want to install another chat app. I go to chrome browser to read messages, pls, make it easy for me to access my msg.
My favourite
It is very slow, hang problem. And have not good features. So fix it.
It hacks any information in the phone and the owner rapes small children in 3rd world countries
Cool
It is really important means to be in contact of friends.
Cantek
Tnx facebook
Saya bagi bintang 5
Nice
I really enjoying
I'm not too concerned about the messenger app, but I do have problems with Facebook. Everytime I try to scroll past a video Facebook freezes until the video is ready for me to watch. This happens even when I'm just scrolling down my news feed. My phone doesn't freeze; just the app. This is really annoying and is my only problem with Facebook
Nice
Its Awesome !!
ossummm !!!
Can't stream videos on fb. there's always a notice that says it can't play because of the unknown error!! pls fix!!!
I
Its easy way 2 connect wid frnds nd bf's
Ok
I like this
Title says it all..
Ok
Can post and update thanks fb.
very much
None of the videos on my news feed will fully play. It either cuts out a few seconds before its finished and freezes or it will tell mr unable to play, has been going on for a while.  Please fix this
Nice
Booboo

Very nice app
Great service !
The app doesn't show most recent everything is scattered around
Gud
good
Facebook has gotten out of hand with the privacy settings. You pretty much give up all your privacy rights when you download it. I only use to online version now. I've had a FB page since 2005 and I'm really thinking of getting rid of it
You guys are to noise
Bhomesh Deshmukh
Super
Deka
This new fbk really suck all the news feeds are old and it takes forever to log out
Get rid of messenger.....
Takes space but its ok
Okay update was good im satisfied that you can finally reply to people in comments but one thing it only needs is a custom privacy so I can choose who can see my posts. Facebook you're really slacking, please fix this you were this close getting 5 stars.      Update------ what? Facebook is getting sensitive now that you have to block cursing? Isn't this America? Free speech? Facebook is wack!
Way to go
Nice...
It's still keeps kicking me off during me looking or sharing stuff
Super
Good
M
Lame
Amazing
It is just immeculus
Since the last update I keep getting a News feed Error and it will not load. Very annoying!! Please sort.
Yep works
Waste app suddenly it vill b closed waste apppppp.... dont install..
It is vere vere good saftwer
It's bad habit
The Facebook app will not let me look at my messages at without installing the messenger app. Its a real pain because now when I have a message, I have to go on my computer to read it. I'm not satisfied by any means.
Majones
.
Hapy
Best
Facebook is the one who connect me to my family but its to large so i uninstall it

Loved it
Take forever to load pictures and news feeds.  Was working well before the update. Fix it and I will fix the rating..
Ya get what u pay for is how I see it. Keeps force closing or kicking me off , freezes up also uses tons of data even after moving to SD everytime i check it has more and more dataetc. I've never had any issues until this updateo
hi
It's ok. Freezes up a lot on my galaxy note 3.
Sar
Is it me or is anybody else having Facebook mess up. The new messaging app sucks for one, Facebook freezes up and says Facebook is not responding, I knew I should've never activated my account again
Awesome
Very good magar  humare  set m load nahi ho raha  h
I use the app this is no show the massege without facebook masanger
Nice app!
Like it
I like this app
Excellent
Easy access
Really need to cut down on the permission Facebook is already invasive as it is
Y is dis fb app not gettng loaded the news feed??..it has happend on the latest update wich was done two days back..please check it crew..
I love it
Me
I can't download. Again it as I uninstalled it accidentally. Please help
App constantly freezes.
Best appp ever
After updating this app always not responding and slowing my phone...please fix it

i love it
Goof
HEY ALL THUMBS UP FOR FB PLEASSS
Love it
Ok
Needs to have more up dates
Terbaik Dan best...tidak boring kalau ada fecbook..dapat kenalan baru ..orang yang kita tidak kenal boleh kita Berkenalan...fecbook yang buat saya happy selalu ...di mana pun saya berada saya selalu on fecbook ..thinks fecbook..
Gooood
But they say to download the messanger but i dont want to download ... its so annoying >:(
why sloy line
App is good but i dont want messenger because any msg will come in any time when the chat is off is not good
Rating
good
Downloding
slow app!
ËäÈ»»¹ÓÐÒ»Ð©È±µã,µ«»¹ÊÇÔÚÎÒËùÄÜ½ÓÊÜµÄ·¶Î§ÄÚ,Ï£ÍûfacebookÄÜ±äµÃ±ÈÏÖÔÚ¸ü¼ÓºÃ!
Games app
Network Error, something went wrong, failed to send message message (and I have a good internet service, too!)
Change the lifestyle towards the better health
Photos takes time to appear or worse, not appearing, just loading even I had a very fast internet connection. Very disappointed and irritated.
The app offers me the option of hiding quizzes from various Companies. When I chose to do so it says that there is an error and keep showing them to me.
Need more upgrading

Keeps closing.  Can only see newsfeed.  Cant post or comment.
best app
Very well.
I hate having to go to most recent and why can't I reply to comments individually anymore I could on iPhone but not on android
Nice app
Why do we HAVE to use the messanger? Why can't we just get our messages in the app? It takes up too much room on my phone.
Why update the latest version scroll till the end will keep hang and go out of the menu ....please fix the bug
Lo
I am using this fb is this is the best app in my mobile for social netwerking site
Excellent
Very slow in updating any news feed and videos..
I don't want to have to use Facebook messenger
Facebook is wonderful it keeps me busy at times of boredom :-) I totally like it no doubts about dat ....:-Q
A must have app.
Way to look friends nearby
Bok
That is good
Keeps stopping please fix the app.
Suck
Useless aap when its updated..phone works very slow..
Its good
How the **** this app have 4* rating???No, I don't want to download another fk app to send message, what will be next?I didn't know it's possible to make it worse and worse with every single update.
It's suddenly closed.......:.......................
Crashing constantly on Galaxy Tab 3 after last update.
Some load alwas scan..so bored..but it ok..
I DIDNT LIKE FACEBOOK MESSENGER I WANT TO BACK THE BEFORE MESSENGER SLOW SENDING  AND MY FRIENDS CAN VIEW MY MESSEGES AND BEFORE I SEE FASTER WHO MESSEGE ME ASAP PLSSS FIX FACEBOOK DONT CANCEL PEOPLE SUGGESTION MAKE IT OUR LIKE CAN SAVE FACEBOOK..TSSK
Now  instal on  our  mobile
Best & Fast App as will as Easy To Use
I don't have a problem w/h downloading it in my phone now that I'm on my tablet it takes hours and when it downloaded I go on my news it freezes and and I can't go on my page or any one else's  plz fix this
Contact sync is not working. Facebook contacts is not sync in My Micromax Canvas 4 A210
Now days fb was so bad .Ths application was good but the probleam is ths s slow whn it s start and also it ask to update bt there is ntg new so fix ths probleam as so as possible
Terbaik Dan best...tidak boring kalau ada fecbook..dapat kenalan baru ..orang yang kita tidak kenal boleh kita Berkenalan..
Excellent
Can't copy the text..... Please fix it

Bugs bugs bugs galore , it doesn't load comments , keeps saying " error loading news feed " 9/10 of the times I press the app" . Now it crashes
Good
Hi
375
Amazing application
What is a Facebook?
App
It is vry great applction for phone.
Since i downloaded facebook no apps can connect to it. Aixt!
I love it
Nice
Its diffrent
No comments pleased
Priya Mannu
I find this app too heavy for my 2 year old phone. Do I really need to buy a new phone every 2 years? The up-to-date version as of 2 years ago performed quite good, but not this latest version.
It is very good app. But sometimes its work very slow...
Easy way to reach friends
Facebook is good
Is awesome
Nidhi choubey
I think old facebook is good because its not slow like new one!! :( :(
Nice apps but take care on fb
Tired app...when im going to log out its..wasted time to wait..fix it..please
Nice
Facebook
Keeps crashing! Its not worth having on my phone. It takes up too much of my memory.
Love
Liked it
No pictures show up in my news feed any longer. App is pretty much worthless. :-(
Is d best
When we click "Unfollow" for a friend , and go back , it doesn't change the action .
I hate it why do I have to download messenger don't nobody wanna download that just to text someone
Since the new update my news feed is not wanting to load and I have had nothing but problems for a few days now!!! Needs fixed
Geat
The new update isn't any better. It still force closes or I get a black screen. I'm over it.
I lyk my style n de way i luk
why my fb account is not logging out...how to log out my fb!!!!!and very very slow!!! what happened to the new update!?
I need u now
This newest update has been crashy. Please fix.
Like it and love it.
This is too good app. I use it on my I phone 6+ and its too fast
Helloo. I don't want to install facebook messenger. AND STOP UPDATING! It won't open and suck! Delete facebook messenger and I'll give u 5stars
Super
Evelable for using
Having trouble getting on
Ugh...before i downloaded the app i rarely had issues with FB in browser...buuut the app will freeze up or say something about it being forced to close...i cant go on pages and scroll through pics or my news feed i can only scroll down a couple times...then BAM!!
Only wish that you could select default view. Most recent should be a default option
Very nice n useful ap
this sucks ! it costs too much storage .. too much MBs used please lessen the MB needed !
Butikala bdnfos
Nyco
Haha,just like u think!
Lame
I been on fb for a long time and let me tell u its a great app but lately its not been lettin me check my messages it  wants me to download another app and i find that so stupid
Good  signsl
Good to ply
EXCELLENT APPLICATION
I can't do anything without FB force closing or lagging hardcore... I can't answer messages neither... FIX. IT. NOW.
Plus Good Security
Really amazing
SOOOOOOO stupid you have to download the messaging app to send messages. Wish I could delete this whole app just because of that reason. Not getting the messaging app cause all the permissions it needs for my phone. So stupid.
Not enough space :@
the worst facebook app ever please fix this immediately
Ok
Nice
God Is One
This app keeps force closing. I wouldn't even download it but using it is a way for me to make some extra cash. And its slowing my phone down as well.
Awful after the update
Dalam fb saya dpt byk info dn ramai kwan
I love FB, but every time I use it on my phone it freezes up. I have a Google nexus so I am not sure if you guys just have not worked out the bugs for this device but I would sure think if you haven't you would considering it's a popular phone.
It is very popular and good app to share your voice wiyh your friends
besiyar kiri bod
Its a wonderful  app. So it helped me a lot in finding my school mates. Its great .
N
Fantastic
Un installing the app because it crashes constantly and will freeze constantly and when I want to check my most recent news feed it takes me to a whole different page. I keep sending reports but nothing seems to be getting done about this so in the mean time I will stick to the Internet browser to use Facebook.
With the past few updates, facebook on my samsung galaxy tab 3 10.1 inch keeps closing out on me, its extremely annoying please fix!!!
:-) :-) :-)  Love Fb
Try
We wanna see every status in order facebook
I very like facebook because I chat my gf
its a cool app
Wow
M
I like it!
Semma service
I do the talking tonight ,,
Errors....Please dont send updates that has NO improvement on the "new" version!  Read the feedbacks,  if I don't update,  the older version  start giving problems,  and when I  update there is more problems.  ????Plz remove the "forced messanger" unwillingly I grant you access to my phone's apps, contacts etc. Not on, dont need the messanger.
Not working properly
Good
it will not down load anything Fix it please
Its the beeeesst......
It is very good
Hate the new app. It seems to control itself, it plays videos by it self, it opens artist or tv shows pages that I dislike. I honestly don't stop using Facebook because my friends don't use Google+.
Ever
Why do I have to update it every time?!
After the new update I have a big problem with my phone
I can't install Facebook on my Lg L7 2, there is a notification that sais 'unknown error code during application install-24', why is this happening? It never happened before
My best site Facebook I love fcbk
love
Kaam na ho injoy karo
How the Hell have u updated yourself when I've stopped the auto updates?? I don't want all these bloody viruses u get when u update i just want the standard fb as I hardly go on it as it is!
Just love it
Come on, why on earth would you have it to where it jumps to the newest post while I'm trying to get to the last post! Do you know how annoying that is! So annoying that I have stopped using this app until you can fix it!
Nice
Facebook is Facebook! who doesn't love Facebook?
Crashes every time I try upload a video! Then I can't stop it "trying to upload". I'm not able to open app again. So guess what I had to do... Delete the app and install again.. every single time. Pls fix
Ihhh
Lets smoke weed n play facebook
Look at all the permissions it's wanting from you. Why does Facebook need this access? American is not the land of the free when social media ask to invade your privacy and you give them the ok by downloading it.
Faster
Best software for social network but it should be perfect if add download videos function.. 
i cannot use the app now. after logging in, it crashes. please fix
Lalesh sharma
good
Thinking abt going  off fb every update it get more difficult and messinin  my phone  up maybe Twitter  better  we will see
Kris telling me when u comment on something it is blocked!!!
saya suka... tp.... log in lmbt...
so n ngd
Every time there's a new update my news feed gets screwed up. This time around when I select most recent the posts are out of order. As for my pages feed, a page I had hidden is showing up again, and my pages posts are not only in my pages feed but are also showing up in my news feed. I wish Facebook would give us an explanation as to why so many updates are needed and why they can't seem to fix the news feed problems everyone is always complaining about.
Fb very slow
Krishna thakur
I like
I like it will be more after some use
Facebook  is  veryuseful
I really like this app....
Mehta
Thu
Nice app
:o
Freezers all the time, says there is a notification when there isnt a notification this app is really really buggy please fix this.
Awesome app
Closes shortly after opening it. Just started after last update. Only happens on my Samsung tab3. How can this be corrected? Please fix this or advise what I can do. Very frustrating!!!!!!!!
Good method
Easy to get the latest from my friends
Facebook
Female

Pllllzz upgrade it so that we can mak video caling fascility n i wil giv u 5 star sumtyms d app doesnt respond maks d moment irritatng
I love this app but stop telling me to update messenger or not. Its my wish
Best app
Terbaik
Yeah
Every time I try to see pictures or videos it says a problem and closes. If it doesn't improve I will remove from phone!
God app
I dislike that you FORCE us to upload messenger.  You give us no choice.
Facebook is very nice. .thank,u
Keeps force closing on me in the middle of looking at my feed!
I don't like how you are selling our info to people we should have the right to privacy no one should be able to buy my location and hack into my microphone and listen to me
Taking the messages out of it makes no sense, no need to take it out. Unless you want to see more of my device with crazy permission.
Since the last update, my contact photos are not linking from Facebook to my phonebook. It has even stopped me linking photos from elsewhere. I uninstalled to a previous version and all was well. Test your updates before you release them please.
GOOD APP
I TRYING TO USE THIS IN ORDER TO AVOID SOME PROBLEMS.
happy good take care of our selves
Nice to communicate loves ones & friends.
No way to set "most recent stories" permanently! No choice but to use Messenger...
Jega
Ok
I loved this app
my durga navratra ki hsrdik shubh kamnay
There is something wrong with this app. Its closing out on it own
Its nt installing properly
Takes three or four tries to actually be logged out.
Good
I did a factory reset thinking it would fix the issues with the videos not playing. It didn't. Fix the friggin videos! It's been almost a month. Uninstalling immediately
Sya x dpt nk download facebook
Get rid of FB messanger!!!
Best app used around the globe
Facebook is okay but I don't like the fact that you have to use another app such as the messenger to have a Facebook page or be able to communicate on your Facebook page
I like that the app works fine for some months then it say the app has stop working like what the heck and then it takes forever to start working again sometimes days
Good apps
Facebook
After new update, app frequently crashes upon refresh on android. Really team needs to work on it.
Keep screwing your users with messenger and removing edit capabilities and Facebook will become a thing of the past.
ok
Fb video doesn't work at all
It gets my storage running out of spaces.
Its ok
A
Ok app
Good
Crashes frequently after update....
It ok
This software doesn't work 'SINHALA' font.
Nice
This is cool app
My phone won't play any videos that are posted anymore! Plz fix
Hello friend
Its only been happening for the past few days but lately ive been scrolling thru my facebook like i usually do and lately itll close out of my facebook all of sudden then i go back in it it does it again i uninstalled it to see if thatll help it but its still doing it i dont know why it worked fine before i will put it back to 5 stars if u fix it so please fix
We have many friends in Facebook and Family
This is my problm.when i make downloads my phone always hung up..
Revolution for nextgeneration
Vare nice
The app is better but when I post some stuff sometimes I don't get a notification.  Y?
I have a lot of feeds, but this app limits what you see and consistently scrolls you back to the top. Don't believe me? Read though your feed in this app for half an hour, then look at your feed on the website.
Tired of it closing down and not staying updated I'm seriously thinking about deleting it
Usefull
Why is not working? Always keep loading? I tried to open in browser but page cannot be displayed. I tried to open in tab , mobile but nothing works. Why? What happened facebook?
This app is very good and simple.
Very nic fb app but I not use work time
WHY DO WE EVEN HAVE TO INSTALL FACEBOOK MESSENGER? IT'S ALREADY GOOD USING MESSAGES WITHOUT THE MESSENGER APP.
Atleast u re trying though some improvements needed.....too slow to load....it takes forever.
Osho
Fine but worried,fake account.
I HEARD ONE GUY ON INTERNET SAYS THAT FACEBOOK WORKERS CAN SPY ON US LIKE WATCHING US OR TAKE PHOTO OF US! REMOVE THE SPY CAM OR I TELL EVERYONE THAT YOU ALWAYS SPY ON US >:(
Sahil khan
I have people calling my phone from Facebook and I didn't download messenger.
Its annoying because it keeps coming pics that people liked. And there's alot.
Great
Its very faster way to messages
I get facebook an bloop it's gone, fix it
I dont want to use this facebook and facebook messager because always stopped and if you dont fix this i can uninstall this app 
Its rocking guyzzzzzxx
It take too space
Can't see any of my personal details or my likes after last update please sort it
Exo Theara
What's a nice app
Since the recent update it now closes out for no reason and locks up when I try to scroll my news feed. Please hurry and fix!!
Shine
nice wow

I like it
Why is there no more most recent option view for the news feed for the latest update? Bring it back.
Muster. Ok
Always got problem..
Cant play my videos anymore since update
The newest update and every other update have been complete crap..the app wass actually better when you could do less with it...only shows posts from days ago or says it can't connect...I really just expected more from the app since your making shitloads of money from it...
I lov
loves it
Great
Slow down phone , and news dont stay where i leave ! Also is disturbning  to open messenger for a message , two application that slow down twice mobile !
Great Application
Fantastic
T
Harish mudiraj Facebook used social network we can share in Facebook friends to friends
Fine
Why does every time that this app is updated after downloading , it will take time to open the app. Again! Help!
It is a best side for do some gsseps or much more...   ..
Live
Its good
very slow,  cannot scroll,  just keep stucking...i am really going back to an year older version. good luck facebook masters,  better go back to the future.
How i can switch between news feed recent and most popular
Amazing
Its a fabulous app.
Thanks
Hahahaha facebook,fakebook,lovebook, enjoybook,funbook its a book which never forgotable.....
G+ is better though it has heavy flash too. G+ uses it's attributes better. Google.Inc is truly genius
One love
Gud app
Worse app
WWW .Facebook. com
Fix Please.
Can't sort the timeline anymore. Fbook are now forcing me to look at old stories! Where are the new items?
Rasel
wow
Not for enjoyable.....
Ok
Error
Nice .
Good app very use full
Good
Slow always
Had to delete my old account but won't let me use my phone number for new account.so no facebook unless i change my number and im not going through that hassle
I don't like use to facebook messenger
Nice
The android version of Facebook doesn't have as many features as the iOS version for example when you open a photo in full screen you can't just slide it off you have to hit back. When I switch apps or go home and switch back to Facebook the newsfeed resets and this gets frustrating if you want to check something and stay on your news feed, my HTC one has 2gb of ram I think that should be enough for it to work.
Tss..
This app is useless. All it has done lately is freeze. Half the time i cant even use it. Sort it out for crying out loud!
Love it
GO FACEBOOK GO
good
jest like computer
Pasaipa lepaih update jadi old version pulak??? Bingai!
jj
Its a nice app..
Every update theres a problem. Messeng then not working.
it has a problem in loging out
Vikram singh thakur
Its not g8.,,jst ok
To or very good
krish Radha
Verry good app
Love star
Good
This app gets worse every time I update it!
Lastest update  - awful keeps closing. Can not do or get to anything. FIX IT  This is NOT an older version.
Not great at all. It keeps freezing and cutting out. Then shuts down all together.  Please fix this it's not fun to use! :(
am tryin to download it..but i cant
Too much space consuming
This thing hangs every 10mins ... Pls fix it ...sometimes it shows "Facebook isn't responding "....
App is slow and keeps closing out. How do i download previous version no updates...that's the only one that worked
Nice
Love it
This is the world most addictive application for anybody i need this i luv tis
Love
Not bad
Love everything about!
Keeps crashing and dont know why, since the android update. If i click on a link and then go back to fb app, will not load new data, i need to fully close the program and open it again. Any chance of a fix?
None
Hj
I don't have words to say you how nice it is .
Time consuming.
It was good until it started to stop respond and get slow. I ended up doing something I didn't want to do because of it. Just fix it.....
Sanju gupta
:)
Okay
Bhati
Too good
Freezing all the time on my s5 and on missus s4 this sucks !!FIX IT!!
App keeps freezing, news feed isnt as interesting anymore.. like I dont need to see the popular stuff I want to see the latest news!
Facebook
Doesn't start up. Often causes to error.
Its frustrating and bullshit.
Good
Too good app
Hey. Help me with this problem.
Suckin performance. Please improve the problems in speed    I like Facebook but in android sucxxxxx
Good
Its cool
Nice Guyzzz...! But 1think ths is very slow guyzzz...!
hiiii
Please sign in to Facebook from your mobile browser and don't sign out.   I have done so in Chrome! Chrome created a tab of sites most visited. Just go and tap on it. Never will you be frustrated!  No app crash frustrations!
Great app to correspond with family and friends
The app keeps shutting down after a few mins  when i log in.
Like a lot of other users am fed up with getting booted out halfway through looking or searching something,  extremely frustrating and needs to be fixed asap
memang syok la... facebook ni.
Ok
This app very nice
Love It
Good app
Phone
Problems signing in, most of the time I try logging in it takes about 1 minute, then boots me back into the login screen again. Only happens after this update, fix this soon.   Sony Xperia L.
Very good app
Dud
Namu
Amazing  .. !!
Good also fast not
Sanjay.sharma
Awesome
It's nice
Facebook
Its quite good on karbon a1
always force close.. useless.. please fix all the issue.. and  cannot open the message if i dont have a messenger..  wtf?
Honestly your app is great. Since the last update on the galaxy tab 3, it has repetitively  crashed time and time again. When i pull: comments, pictures, videos or accounts up. Your app is great but it has major issues with the crashing. The update for the OS is the v 4.4.2 on galaxy tab 3.
Ok
I wish I never updated the Facebook app. Constant crashing and freezing. Fix this piece of crap Zuckerberg!
SUCKS!!! I F***ing ¤Ï¤Æ¡¡¤¤¡¡¥Æ¥£¤¢¤Ã¤Ã
Hi......
Not working well now..
Okla
Nice app
It's good
this update makes me angry :-!
Carry on
Very
Ive never had any real problems with Facebook besides the odd glitch. Now I would press the app and have. Im counting. Eleven windows opened and not one of these producing a usable Facebook. I don't know what it is but please look into it. Thanks guys :)
Its a best place where v can gt connect with frnds
Samsung s3.. the latest version keep freezing...
i always have problem when trying to install
Gue
Stop changing the news feed... its so annoying. .
Ms
Its not working and its to slow

Just love the interface,,,
is good
Like
Best app...
If it is gone to SD means,it is help to low for low internal storage smart phone.
nice app
No soy adicta a FB pero est app esta bn suave
Social media algorithms tempered to alter moods and reduce productivity
Facebook
It's not working anymore
Love it!
extremely slower with every update
Facebook
Love Facebook
India  farand
Great
Nicely
I like this app.
This is not working on my phone
Facebook
Stop forcing me to get messenger app. I dont want it.
Good communicate our friend
Number 1
Keep it up
Good
Verynice
Pyasi
Facebook!!! You need to F*cking listen to your customers!!! Customers are ALWAYS right... We are the ones using facebook so make it the way we want it. Or people will start using a new social network... I allready have... Along with 2 of my friends. Bring BACK messaging into the app!!! Stop making the app so buggy, i have a 1.3Ghz Quad core MTK based device with 1GB ram yet facebook still lags and is taking forever to load news feed. And by default set the news feed to most RECENT... Not the most popular...
holo
Not working plz fix very slow
Im forced to download facebook messenger and Where is the photo save option.and set as profile pic option.and i am
Never downloaded
We can load photos and chat with frds
Berinformasi lgi berfaedah utk smua golongan
Lovely
So fast
Please fix the issue!!
:)
I love this App
Beautifull
so good
Nice
Grear
Jyoti tomar
Login problm
This app? Srsly? Shocking..updates are supposed to improve things. Update... Nearly two years and many updates later...not to mention a new device... Still shockingly unpredictable. Widget unresponsive..etc etc....another update (september 2014) yet more instability. Had enough this time.
I cant see the pictures jn news feed. It is too jumbled.
super
Great App..
Nice to use..loved it.
wondaful
A to Z App
GOOD
Basically that. Crashes several times a day, freezing and becoming unresponsive on the Note 3. Messenger is a joke and completely unwanted. Ugh.
Terbaikkkk
Review by Sam Sharma
Cool
9Ice....:-*
Gooooood
this is my life

Good to meet and chat with friends
Good
Its a well protected social media
It's ok
News feeds still send the stuff I've asked not to be sent.
Cant even open the app. Kepps crashing!!!
Great app
Not seeing or getting all my friends on my newsfeed fix this crap
All can have this
its a decent app but i dont have room to install messenger and would like to continue just using the facebook app please stop trying to force me to install messenger i dont want it please stop this EDIT: also i have a sprint flash and every time i upload a picture that i took with my phone's camera it posts them flipped and sideways and the problem hasnt been fixed even after countless updates and its really frustrating
Wow
So fast
Good
I absolutely hate waiting for every single video as I scroll through my news feed. If it looks like something I want to watch I will click on it. I also have a problem using 3 apps for something that worked as one, this makes the application for facebook 3 times larger on my phone and definitely not worth the space. Despite this i chose to update hopping for improvement but nawwwwww. Now when those videos automatically play i get thrown out... *Slow clap* u just made it worse way to go.
This made my samsung ace f*** up! But facebook keeps frezing and exiting the app but still good.
Amirkhan
Okay but freezes
Kumarvikash
My location doesn't show up on my status. That's annoying to me.
Good  application,
Why does the notifications tab not update?  Why am I not getting notifications in my task bar?
Bring back the old facebook
Doesn't work properly!
Me
Great app
Samsung tab 3
Amir 12345
Fantastic
facebook
After the most recent update whenever I'm viewing the newsfeed the app just locks up. Now it's near useless since I can't access anything without reloading the app multiple times.
Please remove the messager
Just let you know what life long learning is, wonderful app.
I like it.
I like that's
My phone was updating itself. Facebook was one of the apps. Ever since it was updated my phone shuts down. It doesn't matter what I'm using it will freeze then go back to the home screen. Facebook fix this problem. I'm not the only one this is happening to.
I nearly gave this one star out of anger, but thought better of it and be honest. This is a really good app no doubt. So I really really do not understand the need to have to move all our inbox messages to a completely different app altogether. I find it ridiculous. One thing for certain: I will never download the Messenger for as long as I live. And I vouch that a lot of people will feel the same way. Downloading Messenger should be voluntary, NOT compulsory!  With that, you just lost your #1 customer/user
Best
Plz update with more lightweight ui
Loading takes too much time to open then it force close. Please fix this.
Facebook messenger sucks
I dont like this. . . :( This a point
This app keeps on closing the facebook page and is realy annoying me and i also have a problem with not being able to avoid messanger , NOT HAPPY 
its getting worst day by day..  can't log out in one time. take two three times to log out & also showing to install messenger everytime when i want to open messages on my Facebook.
Lemootttt
Crappy version
Uninstalling the app and just using the browser. This app is just annoying now. And the notifications arnt working properly and its just making the app more inconvenient.
Shit app...
I'd give it a 3-2 but it let me see my family
Rajakumaritony
I love it
Loved it
West of time
good thinking,good product
This app absolutely SUCKS!!! Kicks me out every few minutes or everytime i try to open somthing. Needs to fix ASAP!!!!!!!!!
85732950
Goof
If I try to view a picture full screen before posting it (instead of thumbnail) it crashes the app. Also, droid fb won't let me tag people in groups I'm not friends with and shows friends not in groups as options to tag in posts when iPhone fb didn't. Fix that please!
Crashes a lot on my android!
I am girl
News feed is jumbled up, change that setting , its supposed to be most recent .
The app is good but I have been having a hard time using it
Very good
Facebook
reguobdwijo
It kicks you off every five seconds
I love it
The app keeps blacking out and closing
awsm loading improvement n picture quality best...!!!!
U keep "fixing" things that aren't broken
Constant notifications to install messaging app. Uninstalled
Dahil lahat ng mga friends ko .. dito ko nakakausap .. kahit magkakalayo kami ... thank you facebook
It happens every few minutes, sometimes multiple times in a minute. This is bogus. The app worked weeks ago, now its just crap. I even factory reset my tablet and reinstalled the app, no luck. Im just going to use the browser
X
Why should.i have to download the messenger app. I hate it.  Please fix or we will.all delete facebook.
Great Job !!
Proved to be the best! Kudos.
Cool
I'm having problems with my app its slowing down closing by itself and slowing down my phone big time when I have it on plus it doesn't refresh the page it keeps having errors with refreshing smh    how much money are yall worth that you can't leave it the way you used to have it , there wasn't any problems now  Facebook turned from a social network to business networking
Too much keyboarding issue and addiction issue but I need to upload photos so I reinstalled it.
I don't like the layout of the current Facebook app, it's too confusing
LOVE the app. Keeps me close to ALL my loved ones!
Nice app
I too got fed up with facebook as I cant log in, really disappointing
No luck in finding a way to stop the app from randomly reordering my timeline while I'm reading something, but I finally found a way to stop the notifications from sounding despite the fact my notifications mute at night! I just use Tasker, Secure Settings, and root to automatically disable the Facebook app when my notifications are muted at night... It's inconvenient, but at least Facebook won't wake me in the middle of the night anymore. For some reason these developers won't follow the rules of Android..
Working very vice
Like
One of the worst app. For chatting I have to download specially messenger for android 4.4.4 Data Consuming application.
i can't log in i have 2 acc n.its very slow plz make it better
For lack of a better word DAFUQ (its phonetic) after this last update all photos videos and links take forever to show up and you may as well wait till Christmas if want any of your most recent posts of your timeline to refresh.
The app it's getting bigger and in state of getting better it's getting worst  :-(
Good
Pls check my fb acc.. i cant post my pic...
It takes forever to let me get my messages . Its slow also
Slow! Pix wont upload. Oh well. Modern b.s.
Can you set my account I want the newest version of Facebook I don't want the older version.. Thank you pls sent me a feedback or send an update on my fb account pls. Thanks..
My favorite play to visit  friends and family.               Luv ya FB 
Its okay its kinda slow it do what its wants for real
I have the new S5. I thought it was my phone but I got a replacement and it is still doing the same thing. Non of my pictures or videos show up. If they do it takes like an hour waiting for them to show up. It's highly annoying. Might just delete the app all together.
It keeps losing connection even though there is a stable connection. It's so annoying!!
Many bugs, can't log in, I have to delete and stall it again
super technology. Love this apps
New version is not good
The updates shouldn't be called updates....they should be called downgrades. One of many problems I have is I'd like to be able to open my news feed and see current posts instead of a sh*t-ton of posts that are all mixed up and out of order. Some are "minutes ago", some are "days ago", & most of them are weeks or even months old...and they are all mixed together. Even selecting to view the "Most Recent" feed isn't doing much better...it isn't in order either & keeps locking up. Facebook is going downhill.
tolong di tambahkan tampilan facebook ya. . .dan jangan terlalu lama loading ya
My facebook always crash!!
I wonder why apple facebook app can pull up people video album on their page but android can not
Wont let me share photos keeps closing out the update stinks!
Facebook is very nice. .thank,u
For two days it boots me off! Page just freeze up with no warning! Im really getting sick of this! Update this app plz!
Dont force me to install that crap.
Enjoy
97 like
After recent update, runs slow, pics don't load, feed is all messed up. Please fix!
Love facebook itself but this app is killing me, i can't even be on for five minutes scrolling down my news feed without it closing me out and sending me to my homepage. Please fix !!!
I don't want to use messenger brig the chat back to the app. Stop forcing people to download the messenger app so you can make more money!
The messenger app and the FB permissions are becoming too much and greedy for info. I am Uninstalling this app. I already removed messenger after the FOX News Channel 29 report. I will only used on my computer at home and log off when done.
Friends
I don't like how you have to have to download messenger! It takes up so much room with both downloaded
Horrible! Since I got a new phone it won't even open! I've uninstalled & reinstalled it several times & it still won't open! It sucks! FIX IT!!
Goood
Sucks
With the new update every time I scroll, or watch a video, or go to a link, it jumps all the way back to the top!!! And I hate that I have to use your video player, I'd much rather use my own
So great everyone should get it
Really
Luvyou4ever
varshitha sri
Love
Nice
Nice

It never works
Love it !    :)      :)         :)
Hi                   . Good mornig
Its works perfectly in my nexus 5
Not to bad
Ever since the UPDATE FB NEVER OPEN & NEVER RESPONDING, STAY CLOSING WHILE POSTING. FIX IT ASAP, uninstalled
N c
Not working  fast my fut  iam using 3g but this app hu
I wont update so u guys can hack my phone
Injoy message families friends
Please let someone else try their hand at making this app better. Why can't we just view most recent instead of something from 2 days ago?
Facebook
Awesome
Oh.... whatever would I do without facebook! :-)?
It keep freezing n closing out...slowing my phone down...PLEASE FIX
Good
I did delete it one time but for personal reasons but besides that facebook is a great social network.
FB Is Awesome!
Slows down phone, causing it to overheat and the battery is drained in a matter of minutes.
R
Doesn't load my news feed, and always boots me from the app. Great job, everyone. 
It's extremely slow and keeps on freezing
A tear or a smile in every message
Slow corresponding while I'm opening the picture or post of notification and very slow all the time. ..you made me mad at all times
I could see all my friend's
I HATE That You "Have To" Use Facebook Message!!!
Govind
I luv it
Nice
I really do not see what about this app takes up so much space. It's really simple, and relies on internet connection so what is it?
Beautiful
Why bother with this. Your updates get worse and now I cant even message my friends without downloading your invasive messenger. No thanks.
Keeps on closing. I have uninstalled and reinstalled it again hoping that it will work right this time. I can't even find it in my list of apps even if it's installed.
Too much habitual application
Good days
Is good app

Yeah
good.
This update is not working smoothly and it crashes frequently please fix it...
Hiiiii guis this is kinda dumb I like to stay in touch with my family
It has been working that well
Dave dark com
Used to actually like this app. But it just really sucks right now. If I can't use the messenger function anymore why is it still there? I get a message notification but can't check it so it just stays there. I refuse to download a second app for just messaging when there wasn't a problem with it on the Facebook app. Also the news feed has been not been showing most recent for months now. Clearly everyone is having the same issues you would think you could do something about it. About to delete this app.
Like it
Can you make a drak theme for night browsing?
I don't like the update and I can't uninstall the update either to take it back way I like it
Why do I constantly have to delete the app and Download it again just to see my messages ? I'm not a fan of the Facebook messager app I rather have the Facebook app instead fix this problem and put it back the way it was all these updates make the app whack .
Great site to keep up with friends
Expected as usual
I don't want your messenger app. I want to check my messages I'm the Facebook app. I don't have room for messenger.
It's ok.  Its just that everytime I want to check my messages.  I have to download Facebook messenger In order to see them.
Won't update my newsfeed...just keeps loading. Also been having problems with it force closing or just kicking me off out of nowhere. Freakin pile of crap!!!!
Keeps crashing all the time
Opening facebook from the notification bar causes a boot loop in the app. The screen flashes until I manually kill the app. FIX IT FACEBOOK FUX!!
The best social network..
Cool!!!!!!!
Nice
Getting on top of my dam nerves....keeps closing the dam screen KMFT
Worthless! Why do i even use facebook any more? No wonder their stock isn't worth anything!
Why cant i see somenpost in my timeline. While actually there is notification for that.
I'm absolutely hating messenger!!! Annoying beyond words!! Should be a choice,not forced on us.
Love it...
Nice
It is taking much memory..
Very good
It is not easy to delete when it is a system file and always it asks for updates so boring...!!!!
Sometime hang over fb, not fix pixess bug  pls improve this problem solutions
Eh
Good for sharing pictures, quotes and communicating with friends.
Love it!!!
The majority of the pictures won't load when I attempt to look at them. Frustrating.
Wow
Awesome
Good
It keeps crashing. Why is it that all the updates make it worse? Can't you geniuses fix this crap? Guess what, I'm about to uninstall it. It just sucks.
Why exactly is it that I can't see over half of my timeline?!?!?!?! Apparently you get to pick and chose what myself and others see of my posts?! I would like this fixed because I want to see the things I have written and pictures I have posted. Not just what you guys pick.
Abir
I would love Facebook but the way my notification is set up..... Yea...  It shows all my notifications but when I click to see them it won't bring the list of what they are sometimes and its really annoying plus needs more theme options and most recent instead of top stories and don't want to use messenger! But it'd be cool to have a way to make the colors different and news feeds in bubbles like pink... Needs theme and colors
I downloaded the new update and it wont let me view my news feed. "Trouble loading news feed"
It keeps closing out on me when try to scroll or post. I end up going on line just to post something. I am uninstalling it and reinstalling to see if that helps.
Great
The permissions that this app requires are far too extensive. It boarders on invasion of privacy. I would very much like to see the Facebook app return to its original permissions. Until then I have this app uninstalled and plan only to use the Facebook website, and would urge others to do the same.
This app is garbage. Half the time it tells me I have a notification when I dont... smh
It keeps freezing & then closing, every single time I use it! Ever since I uninstalled messenger,  & I WILL NOT DOWNLOAD IT again....EVER!!
Its good for using
Levi hersh
After the update Facebook will open and immediately force close. Reset phone to see if it would help and it wouldn't.
Good
This is the worst version of FB for Droid that I have ever downloaded! I can't use it for more than two minutes without getting a message stating, "Unfortunately Facebook has stopped working"!!!!  This is TERRIBLE!
Book
Great Great
I was down loading It it said error and I all of a sudden just breaked my phone that's why I rated it 0% sucks eggs my phone works but Facebook doesn't work.
I don't want face book messenger.
Good  face book

Can't see recent post app freezes it freezes and makes my phone slow please fix this or I will have to undownload my mobile app....
Ia memudahkan saya untuk menggunakan aplikasi ini
Eha
This message app is garbage no on likes it you shouldn't be allow to see our person stuff literally the worst thing Facebook has done can you get rid of it??
why its always says FORCE CLOSE ! SUCKS , i Thought this is the new version but full of mess , Kindly fix this for alL of as !!
Lol
Life is love
Love it....
No words' to say except thank u for this amazing app.
Facebook is the best app
LoL
Will never download the crap messenger app not happy!  You say it makes it faster to get messages, give us the option like before.
Though
After more than seven attempts I was able to download Facebook but whenever I have opened fb it crashes and goes to the homescreen and  I have to download messanger to read chats
Vvgood
I love it.
Facebook is facebook lol
I was able to tag before. And now it doesn't let me tag people in things. What the hell! Fix it! Please make Facebook app better!
Face book is a lot harder to understand which I find quite annoying
Dear Facebook team, what makes you think that releasing a product sucking 1% battery juice EVERY MINUTE on a Galaxy Note 2 is good idea?  I have to use Greenify to force stop both the Facebook and your AWESOME SEPERATE messenger app So they don¡®t run in the background continue sucking more battery juice when I don¡®t use them.  Your extremely annoyed, long-time Facebook user.
Still have facebook.. but wow can't seem to down load the app.. wow ive surf the web and tried down loading not once but it seems like.. a thousand times.. quess what!! Hits me again error code 495.. I give up!!
Facebook #0
Facebook
Too slow fix it plz
Nice apps love u......?
Facebook is good
Wish I had more time for Facebook I miss people there
Good or maybe kinda bad but i don't know you know it.
Everyting ok

After I updated I couldn't see my notification......can u fix the problem
What you see is what you get
Trouble loading news feed and update
Very nice
f**k u Facebook I don't want to download messenger to talk so suck my d**k
Facebook messenger sucks!
The best
At least there I have access to all of Facebook's features like messaging. Why are two apps necessary for that?!
Best app ever
I don't like that i can't remove Facebook's ability to hack my phone and use my info for it's personal gain
Facebook
Can't see the posts of the people I follow. Not cool!
It was decent until you were forced to download messenger and it kept crashing.
IPhone have had the feature for a short while. Don't understand why android get left in the dark. Also removing the most recent news feed feature was a kick to the balls
Getting better
Is the facebook messenger thing
Best
i don't need to install messenger, so please do let this app running without needing to install messenger. btw, your messenger apps sucks big time.
Excellent
Always getting something went wrong error. It fails to create and send an error report to facebook. Alerts never works correctly. Displays old messages that I've already deleted several days ago. Problems sending and receiving messages. Voice & video call is crap over WiFi. Battery hog
Wndrful social netwrking site, i loved it. . .
Love it
Would give a higher rating but although I have a nice phone, most people are not running the newest phones out there, and they keep developing new features that make this app run slow or not at all, making the experience bad, shame on Facebook and their developer's.....
When log out..it come to force close..
Since new update recent news feed doesn't show hardly any of the posts from people I follow, have to look at the top stories which I hate because its not in order. Are you hiring kindergartners?!?!?!
Love this app.
It takes to long to load notifications,  as well as videos,  fix it n ill raise the star's.
I want to open the app and see my news feed the way I want to see it. I don't want to have slide all the way to the more tab and tap most recent every single time.
I dont like it any more
It seems like this new update is making my phone go slower it stays tuck for a few seconds before I'm able to scroll down it takes long to load n I'm seen old statutes instead of the new ones overall I dislike it
Can't open t just crash :/
Slows my phone and I don't want messenger,
If i use for chat awnser coming late works very slow
Nice
terbaiklah
Still it takes long time to upload pics ..pls fix it
Best method adoptated
god
My phone is now slowing . because facebook app  is requiring me to download . facebookmessenger so i can view my messages .
Mide
Used to love thos app but not when there spying on ppl with there phone cameras and seeing EVERY THING that they do on there phone like read messages contacts and even listen to ur conversations.
Keeps shutting down or freezes up! I am deleting and using web browser.  Ridiculous
Erwin
I always have to browse fb before I can even chat which bordered me a lot when I try to download it,it doesn't go through
Nice
I'm not able to watch a clip/ video from my news feed. Its been doing this a month or more now. Very frustrating!!! PLEASE FIX!!!!
Good
I love it
Very easy to use. Thankyou!
I turned off all of my notifications and I'm still getting notifications. SHUT UP, PHONE I DON'T NEED ALL THESE NOTIFICATIONS, I'M TRYING DO MY COLLEGE WORK!!
S¨®lo sirve para quitar espacio en la memoria
I love it
The latest version (update) keeps freezing on me. Note 2
It would be great if we could edit, crop or put filter on the photos after we select it! Like iphone's~ plz make that possible
Kool
Bestx
Angin
Eso es
Bad
Has really gone down hill. It sucks. App constantly closes. Forces your phone to get messenger. Ignores your settings. Is always running but won't actually open. I'm one more f**k up away from deleting it all.
Every time I type in my number to get a code it never sends and when it does it comes in Spanish fix it and I will rate 5
Under observation...if it is not good app i will uninstall this icon if ever.
Hb
Having issues logging out and accessing the app. I don't know what happened with Facebook, but this will hopefully get fixed soon!
I jstlove this app
Your facebook app crashed my samsung tab3 cost me $133 to be repaired . Im disgusted in it.
Connecting people,,
Facial recogition algorithms detected...
Keeps telling me I dont have internet connection. Whst happened to the old app for facebook Arrrrgggghhhh
meya meya
This app is awesome u can talk to friend play games and with the app message.
most beautiful...
I refuse to download messenger. I had it once and rarely used it. Plus, it took up a lot of space. Now it's ridiculous that I have to login to Facebook on the browser just to clear my stupid messages. Not a smart move Facebook.
Love it. You must have.
Messenger bs is bs
I could chat talk play games create games and it's a  lot of fun
I love this app I can talk to my friends and family and post pics I just love it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!:):):):):)
Really getting annoyed with the app closing out while I'm reading something then I can't find it again. FIX THE PROBLEM!!!!!!!
Excellent
I love it!
Good app
Joshua Pearson
uhhh acting slower needs updateing
i have just uninstall it and will not reinstall unless i see positive reviews and your improvement
News feed cant be most recent anymore. The app sucks!
ok
I like the new improvement.  Good job
Its more high liked
Loved
I hate Facebook I have  problems with it all the time
Love it
Daora gostei
Viral bollocks but amazing concept
Goooood......!
Why are we forced to download a separate app for messages? We should have the option to refuse. But since we dont, im now uninstalling facebook! Hope we have some way to find out when they stop pushing this on people and i will reinstall.
Naniraju
Keeps force closing and not responding
No problems at all
Nice app
Every since I upgraded I've had nothing but problems
Joemari locsin
Wish I had not updated! Was working perfectly before! Cannot post to groups successfully! Will not let me see my saved groups! Keeps crashing and not working! I have uninstalled and reinstalled to no avail! Have to use fb thru Chrome to get any measure of success! Hopeless! Will need to use my laptop! Will be looking at buying an ipad next time! Why make users update if the update is useless!
After the recent update its crap just closes out as your browsing news feed and every time you click on something.  Please fix as its VERY annoying!!!
Everyday
App won't even open!! Just a blinking screen when trying to open!!
To find friends
This app used to be great and everything was exactly what it needed to be: Facebook on my phone. Now it's horrible. The newsfeed doesn't default to Most Recent, it stays on "most important" which no one even uses. The lack of user friendly navigation is also annoying, and changing from the list based layout to this swipe layout is cumbersome and stupid. Add to that as well how TERRIBLE the idea of being forced to use messenger is just disgusting at best. I can write essays as to why this app is bad now.
Luv itttt
i dont know what you did but this"new app" isnt working on my phone..,WTH. everything i do take me back to home screen....im done with this and that sucks
aaha
Facebook is a good way to talk to friends but you have to download the messenger app to do that which is invading people's privacy and that is STUPID
Its awesome
FC's when opening external links like Youtube (since last update).
Please add upload file option to groups
The problem with using the camera roll to post pics is that it's hard to find pics because they are no longer in their folders. Either stop using the camera roll and use the default gallery on the phone,  or add folders categories to the camera roll that you currently employ.
Facebook is a good
Nice
I like this application
Forced to download messenger.  Hate it. App is buggy and slows phone performance. Freezes and must force stop. Sometimes doesn't load comments or changes views so I'm unable to post a photo comment. Was the same on LG G2, now on HTC One M8.
auq ng fb messenger.nkakaluka xia.at ang bgal pah.
i love it so much i can di it well
I kinda like it but but it shows somebody else name and sometime it logs out by itself so it gets really annoying too:(
Nice...
Not a fan that I have to use an alternate messenger to send private messages to my friends. Other than that, it's ok
Still needed it though!
why is the app closing with out u closing it and logging me out. Can you fix it please and please when will this be done
I dislike Facebook now, since they are trying to force us to switch over to messenger. I'll stick to Twitter
Xin chao cac ban, chuc cac ban van su nhu y
Its a great way to communicate with fellow friends!
Right now I can't share anything!
I like the whole idea of Facebook but the app is awful it barely works
Plop
It doesn't always work right.
Ops
Now we need two apps for Facebook... WTF? We just want Facebook like the old one... we didn't need messenger... Fix it I was gonna change my rate, but now I can't see my messages without installing Facebook messenger -_-
Ok with cool
Sap
This app takes up a lot of memory, always has updates, shuts down & shoves Facebook messenger down your throat! I uninstalled it & use the regular web/Google to access my Facebook account.

Why do we have to download another app just to fuckeen text -.-t
This app is always messing up. I always have to go to a computer to sign in. Not to mention it's always freezing up.
Runs in background all the time, draining the battery!! I still get double posts from a page that I've liked. If you tap on a post from page you've liked, go and read the story/article/watch a video; when you come back to your newsfeed; Facebook will start you all the way back to the beginning of your newsfeed! You then have to find the post you were just at to leave a comment, like, or just continue were left off while trying to read the feed!
Its amazing app
It stays the same 24/7 nothing ever changes
Fb- the ultimate world wide, pen pals of the milinium!!!!
I am sick of my intellectual property being stolen and used without my permission. Goodbye forever and good riddance
your app sucks! I go to most recent posts and it shows posts from yesterday! fix it!
Oooo
I can't even log in on my  phone  it keeps saying  incorrect. But I can log in on all other devices. .. smh
Does what it says
Awsome
Can freeze sometimes, doesn't respond after the fix.
There is no reason why you need access to everything in my phone and until you fix that I will not use this app
If you have a facebook you need to have this App!
Love
Having just jumped ship from ios to Android, I was anxious regarding the differences between my most used apps like Facebook. To be honest I've been fairly surprised. The Android app version has vastly improved since I last used it but it's not quite on ios's level yet.
FB is getting progressively worse with each new update they issue.
Never make me do somthingh
YA LIKE IT.
Scott
This app sucks now it keeps freezing up and want play video.. Its just crap!
karthik
Like
Okjghji Giggleswick the gag the UK
Like it
Can't post,  can't repost, and if you "like" a post, it takes forever to get screen back! GREAT UP DATE!
Asusena
It is a very nice apps
Finally had enough of the BS with this lagging crashing identity stealing garbage app. Deleted messenger and fb app and phone runs super smooth and fast again.  Unplug. You'll feel better for it
Since receiving the last six updates facebook freezes,kicks u off ,cant watch videos,whats up.did the only person that knew how to fix the problems quit.this is ridiculous . Now I see there's a new update.
Its difficult 4 me to install messenger
It freezes a lot. But its simple and always improving
Excellent!
Now
App is slow and don't have messenger.
Facebook, you obviously don't know what I want, even though you know exactly how I use Facebook.  Every time you update, you make it worse.  Just give me my Most Recent news feed.  If somebody comments on a post, just notify me.  Don't repost the same crap!
it is wack sauce
Made me use page manager and now ive lost everything not happy worse page ever!
I don't know what happened but with latest update, Facebook app has drained my data. I have 6 GB and all this time I could hardly meet 2 GB cap considering 3 years of data usage, but with this latest version of the app; I can hardly keep up and my usage is pretty much the same as before. The app has alone used 5GB and it's not even near the end of my monthly cycle. Do something about it Facebook.
I can't get the app to turn on the auto video thing
Need to be little faster
Nice
Its slow cuz they plant viruses in your phone for massive government control.....they see everything you do and say -_-
I cannot believe the terms that Facebook asks you to accept before downloading this app. I will not use this mobile app because of the extreme privacy breach.
it is good
Too many glitches
its just aswm.... 
Not happy with Facebook freezing on me after updates ready 2 delete it
This is a great app it helps me contact all of my friends
So helpful apps
keeps freezing on me and wont play any vodeos
I can not put a picture on posts from facebook pages from facebook app for Android. I can do it on posts of profiles only.
Cool
Loved it
It works only when it wants to. Which is about half of the time.
I don't use fb a lot but when I do I realise how stupid the developers who work on this app are.
I hate that i have to download fb messenger to see my f**king messages. Please take this bs off. If i could give this zero stars i would
Good app
I Can't receive Notifications From Facebook & Facebook Messenger !
You give us a notification about people's birthday which is cool but when we click on it it shows the birthdays for tomorrow? Why is this? What's the point of the notification if it doesn't show us who's birthday it is?
Horrible in landscape mode on my galaxy tab... much prefer the ipads version :(
Too much space for a simple app
This new FB update is awful! Like so many other users, it just closes on me constantly! What a pain! Fix it!
I really like it...
It takes to much space on my phone. The upgrades feel more like a down grade and then you have to download other apps just to get the full experience of Facebook. Until things change my rate for it will stay.
Freezes when I scroll and makes my phone clitchy
Itssss the slowestttttt... not working!!when i logout it gets stucked up........... -.-
It's a shit application to download... Totally ass hole type
Very good
Normal
Brilliant
Very good
Awesome
Ops
Cant view most recent on app
Tirunshe
I like it
... SERIOUSLY, SOMEONE REALLY NEEDS TO FIX THIS... FIX IT, THEN LEAVE IT THE FFFF ALONE. .... Every time I try to share, it closes, I try to read comments, it closes, I just scroll through posts, it closes, FFS, what is the problem. ??????????
I herd ur gonna charge us money for the app.? So un cool deleteing the app after you charge us and gonna use Kik. 
I have no issue with this app except for messenger.  I don't want to install it.
Nice app
Nice <3
My news feed takes forever to update. I get this weird black blank screen everytime I log into the app. Its slow as hell and I hardly get a chance to make a comment or like pic anymore.I'm forced to wait until I can get to a computer to really interact with my Facebook page. doesn't that defeat the purpose of having mobile access to face book!!!!??? I have the galaxy 5s and great service whether it's wifi or phone carrier. ... smh.  Please fix it! !!
Good
Wow wow wow really
Dam facebook wont accept confirmation code when i put it in. It sauing i have to confirm my number.. dam code wont work and i cant get nto my facebook! Pissin me off. Sort it ay.
This app crashes every few minutes. Won't let me like anything!  I want to uninstall and it will only uninstall the last update! I see your rating going down rapidly!
nice commnuication
Im addicted to it because its just that good.
Latest update runs good !!
Recently it keeps crashing. Closes down by itself. Fix it
Get rid of the separate app or give me the option to turn it off in the main app because I DO NOT LIKE THE MESSENGER APP AND WILL NEVER USE IT. Why in the world did you think turning 1 app into 2 was a good idea? Do you WANT to lose users in droves?
My friends ppl I love it
huf
Sometimes,I couldn't open
Anshuyajoshi
Wowwwwwwwww hhhhhuuuuuuuurrrrrrrrrrr
Nobody wants messenger.
Slows my phone,always closing down or dont want to respond
The stability is decreased.  Many times it crash and closed.  It need a serious attention
Updated it and it's been acting up restarting, for closing etc. And I don't want to use messenger it's stupid that Facebook is forcing u to have it
Absolutely nothing wrong.
"ALL TURNT UP & EVERYWHERE TO GO,YALL JUS KEEP ON POSTIN,CUZ IMMA HOSTIN" NUMERO#UNO#APP
Aktar
Notification don't always go off.
Working very  slow !
This APP is Okay !!
Facebook app is okay but there is one problem that keeps bugging me: where I have to go to open it. So I have the app shortcut on my phone but when I select it, instead of opening, it takes me to the app store and forces me to open it there. Please fix this.  Edit: hate it. It forces me to install facebook messenger and all it does is take up space. Why install an app when the feature is available on facebook?
Good
AGNES MATATA
and if you say you don't you're lying!!  ooops spoke too soon, New update is glitch ridden and poop!!
Keeps saying it cant update my news feed with out my internet on even though i have my internet on
wonderfull
I HAVE NO CONTROL OF MY SETTINGS....
Uninstalled. There is no need for accessing every single thing on someones device or forcing people to download messenger as a seperate app. Shame on you Facebook.
Good
awesome
<3
Awsome
feboob.
261989
so many bugs...cruchs a lot of times...search botton usually doesn't work ... and yes i updated it to the last version -______-
Since latest update the app loads without any difficult now. Works fast as well. Well done for sorting the bugs out.  Went from a 1 star to 4 star now. Thanks for the nice app.
Galaxy Young2
This app is too slow why???? and i don't wont to download messenger and if i didn't i wong be abel to answer my mrsseges :/
This app is really cool! But it takes screen shots when I don't want it to. Fix  that please. Thank you.
Force closes more times than i can keep the app open
Whenever I used the application my phone stuck
Not enough info given back from fb
what is the worst worst worst the worst thing ever if you want to know how to work this thing first restart your phone then reinstall the Facebook app and then it works!!!!!!!!! I love it now ;)
Keeps eating my storage and Facebook is so lazy at fixing the problem.
Facebook - newer version
Can't even install it. It says package was not signed correctly...
Clash of clans
When I click on a link in the news feed and then want to return to where I left off I can't, have to start back at the top. Makes me not want to click any links then. Also how do I share to a friend's wall?
Nothing on my time line loads anymore. Videos and photos are just grey squares, it's been this way for weeks. All I can see is text. My dad is having the same problem on his Galaxy Note so maybe it's just an android issue, as it works fine on my brothers iPhone.
Ohne messenger nur als reader zu gebrauchen...
Samsung galaxy tab 3 10.1 automatic shut off this app please fixed....
To much change and inconvenient features
Facebookapp
Same problems as the last app update automatically closes within a few a seconds of opening
;)
Unable to post pictures and I can't like some pages
I inatall it, 1week after show update, updated. again show need 2 update..... so boring... 1 apps 3 time you update after 48 mb ready...
I REFUSE to use the messenger and I think its bs that you are forcing us to. We should have a #&#*$/ choice!!!
App keeps closing out on me
We all know its broken. But we will use it blindly anyway.
Great
Wouldn't be able to talk to friends at different schools
Whenever I try to check my page, just stop scrolling to read something, or anything,  it logs me off unexpectedly. Fix it.
Everytime I watch a video it cuts off, fix it and my rating will be a lot higher
Current version is horrible freezes everytime!
Dont see why you need access to my camera or audio recorder or any of the other things.
Little bit slow!!!
Very bad
:)
Its simply the best
(Y)
This app takes up so much memory on your phone. And now we have to download the messenger app just to see our messages! This is so ridiculous. Facebook you've been deleted from my phone.
Love is true
Very slow, freezes frequently.
I enjoy conversing with my fam n friends... On the other hand it tends to freeze up and close, please fix this OMG!!!
Sonice
Good
Do you need a separate messenger app? You really can't make it work the old way? Fug off Facebook.
Facebook is not good because they are many people I not good
I love Facebook and so does my bff susanna bryan
I luv it
Nice ahh nice
it's just trying out with your phone Bill is great,
Add this
Facebook
Oook
Kevin
Loveit
FB is user friendly and Simply superb
Facebook is must hv
y after update need install facebook messengers ....wtf!!!waste my memory....
I will IMMIDIATELY erase facebook app. Is 1) heavy and only for rich phones 2) is not district. ask too much for me... 3) and worst pressing me for messenger. I just say a big nice Greek NO!!!!!!
Love it hmmm u got all
I can't even get on my Facebook.
Average
Stupid facebook makes me install messenger crap! Why not stop being stupid and go back to how it was!!

Poorly I can't install.
Can't search for my videos on the app. Not under photos. No where to be found. Stop messing with the news feed! I want most recent and I don't want it to be what you think I want to see! WHY is this app taking 153MB of RAM? No other app takes this much. I'm uninstalling and using the web interface until this gets resolved!
Cherche a fixer cet problemes d'instalation,mon telephone n'instale plus les applications il ya de l'espace mais ca refuse d'installer prq et surtout Facebook
I like
A huge and buggy as this is...why make messages a separate ap?  Clean up the code and stop suggesting that I play games that my friends also do not play.
dinesh kumar....
Ok but i dont like having separate messanger .so wont be using it
So
Keeps popping up errors when I refresh my news feed
Stj
Please do something it is really slow
Afjal khan
Fantastic app love it u can even play games and free call and messanger to for free
Very Disappointed It Keeps Logging Me Out Of Facebook. It Won't Let Me Log Back On
It is nice.
I added this fb app so where it's my widget. For it it never shows up on my phone..
Fb keeps closing me out...and messenger keeps telling me to download there app ( its not safe to use) and i think the original chat is better.
2345678
Since new update its slow and keeps freezing then closing needs sorting asap
Nice
Good n' all it just keeps frickin bugging me about "Facebook messenger" like geez Stop it Facebook!
Nice
Gj
No longer updates hence checking if i need an update, nope its just poor. Sick of it freezing up and refusing to load even though I'm sitting next to the router, fix it or I'm off .
It so slow and lagging
Have had to re- install everytime I go on Facebook !
Maria Elfa Baronda
good one all in one
Its good but photos are not clear. Please fix it......
AWESOME
won't log out very very slow
Love this app
Unity
Nice app....
3 star
Umair saudagar
Love it
It keeps bumping me out everytime I scroll down
Good
wonderfull
Just use your browser, this app sucks. And uses a whole lot of memory.
Support
We're really lucky to have an app that is constantly in development, always improving and getting new features.  Love it and can't wait for the new listening to features!
Osome
Das.Rahul
One day I had a app called mxit.... then it got abit old and boring!!! So I found out about facebook, and downloaded it... now I just have to use this app for my smart fone...which is more convenient...The end!!! BBM--  74900E2A
I love this app bit when I play videos on Facebook it don't play all of it and force closes Facebook plzz get this problem fixed
Like so many out their I don't like face book messager or this face book app. Since so many people out their feel the same way should the people who work at face and on Facebook take notice and actually care? I don't understand y the team of face book doesn't say and change's to their apps. If I were to read this and what others like it then I'd say its time to upgrade or update our way of thinking and how our apps operate. Its. Not good for any company to so many complaints and not do anything to fix it.
Is lord
The best social net
Good
Recent update and now fb closes whenever i try to click on friends page, comment or share!!!  Have uninstalled and reinstalled numerous times. DOESNT FIX!
Everybody likes Facebook its a top hit and its a bit dirty at sometimes but the whole world loves it so do I guess

I don't particularly enjoy reading half way through a post only for my feed to auto refresh making me lose the post I was reading.  Is there a setting somewhere to toggle this off?  If not there certainly should be.
WTF!! They can't force mee to use messenger!!!Plz I beg, I beg FIX IT
Newest update only let's you share one photo per post..
I don't like the up dated application
I can log on but i cant go to my profile please fix this error.
Rizwan
Takurshyamsingh
Hy hy
Bad
Face book is to good
Facobook is good.social median
No words
Good
I just saw that the app permission's mirror those in the new Messenger app. Not sure if I missed it or Facebook updated the terms, but they don't know need access to my messages, phone/call history,  camera, or anything of the sort. You have my graph data, that should be enough!  Un-installed the app.
Looking for true love
It alright
After the last update my Facebook freezes so I can't look at anything.  Fix this.
Facebook messenger should be be optional. I should still be able to reply to my friends just using the Facebook app. #simplify
Please add the function to share pictures etc in a private message, rather than just timelines and pages. This is normal Facebook functionality and should be in the app.
I have uninstalled this app...using my browser to get to facebook is easier and does not freeze up my phone
When I download fb app my mobile is too slow nd poor downloading I hate it
Nice app
But very slow!
Nothing dont load up
Easy
Fbook
My Facebook notifications for my lgg3 won't work. My fiance has same phone just different color and  he gets every notification.  What is causing this?
After the last update, most of the pictures and videos on my news feed do not load. I have tried closing out all apps, restarting my phone, and it does still not work.
Love it found lots of family and friends
First being forced to download a messenger app which I'm not going to do. Now the latest update has ruined the app. It completely freezes when I open it. I thought updates were supposed to make things better.
Hy
Make this app so it can be moved to SD card since it is a space and memory HOG!
I Can't Go on you  tube
Bad
Since last weeks up date this app has done nothing by freeze up and then crash. So what's up with it?
Elba4171@gmail com
repair it because fb has been error at my phone a848i
The app access requirements are comically expansive. The app starts with boot of device, this is not possible to change, and not possible to  turn off. Consumes lots of power even with all notifications turned off. Stay clear this is terrible.
Love you
Facebook is a great app. But it's using half of my battery. Huge stay awake. Fix the bug!
Apps
Its ok
Since downloading the app my phone is soo slow and freezes ALLLL THE TIME! What is the deal?!!!! Fix the problem!
Slow...
Love it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
super
Aida naura
Ok
Itdoes not let me update
the application is very slow to load the pages... and keep freezing
I now can't log into my fb it says my email does not match an account or I had a slight misspelling of my email and to reenter my pass.
Like
1. I want to see Gif's.                               2. Voice Recordable                Status's and Comment's                       3. And video galleries
Lalaa
Very nice softwere
ghantaaaaa...having lot of problems
Wonderful
connect to my frnds...
j
Festival enjoyed
Samsung Grand
If you logout...then forget sleeping - app remember himself so often...you can't play or read...facebook app can anytime close your any activity. Very agressiv and bad app. new version more agressiv. baddes5 app
I would like this app

Awesome updated fb.
Daily use....
Sucks
Should not have to be mandatory to install separate app for messaging.
Lame like tanyalee
smart internet
Work much slow and hangs all the time..fucks
Vedio quality is very poor...and not getting recent feed..
Ok
Cool beanz
A must application on your smartphone
Don't like that I can't use messenger with out downloading their other app.  Now since the latest update Facebook is slow or closes  down on me.  Also missing other peoples posts because they don't think I'd be interested.  Old Facebook comeback!
Some notifications get annoying.
Best for on the go
Will not stay open on my galaxy tab 2. Keeps shutting off.  Please fix.
Chutiyapanti
Slowed my phone after an recent update.
1 billion downloads? Just give em control of everything why don't you.
Excellent
Pl check.
Nothing
Good & easy
Awesome aap
Good
The best thing that I ever have...
Anderson
Every time when I try to luck at stuff it keeps freezing. SO FIX IT
Gud
Sabih asghar
Love it
l keep have probelam for closing facebook app
Disappointing! One expects a better job with all the might behind Facebook.
Life
Asked same over and over!
App has been alright  before the recent update now it suddenly does not load and says can not connect please help.
It's so good
this app used to be good.....used to.
Easy app
So nise
Its slowing my mobile .. have many prblems with it
I like very much. ..
Fantastic app
Like it
Need major upgrade...loading for everything sucks to the core..........
its good
No pic  is being loaded, only text can be seen(raw data). Even after restarting it, rebooting it, uninstallingit,and no vedio can be played too, which has been straight posted by anyone and close the app itself only and this one problem is only happening in my micromax canvas Doodle 2. Please help me out...please 
best app
Facebook app keep changing my news feed from "recent stories" to "top stories" no matter what... so annoying.
R.p.h.Yadav
Retas shaki wwsaeed
It ignores setting, I hated it,close FB account for this reason.
NAKKA. DENESH@GMAIL. Com
Stop telling it sucks
unable to scrol
The application shuts down by opening it, whenever i open it app break and shut down
It is fast
Ch.
Fress fb
Nice
Awsome
Facebook app doesn't utilize WiFi like any other app..Facebook is looking to Nazi it up by wasting everyone data plans and harvesting your data through a limited data plan. Even when your at home using your own WiFi Facebook is afraid to utilize it..... What a piece of trash the apps are
Nyc hai
12345
I already have a facebook account on a different email & it mad r me start ar ll over!!!!!!! Super annoyed
Posts differently than on the PC. No idea how they make my stream.
This app is slowing my phone down...... whyyyy ??
I only gave facebook for stars because it will not let me view my messages without download the messenger app, and I've done my research on the app and it allows facebook and the government to sky on you. So FB you lose a star.
Sarvesh.kumar
It usually stop working suddenly
I love it
cant download videos....
Always force close.facebook is not responding
I like it but,I can't watch some videos that I want to watch. Like some vine videos. 
Good
Old version I want my old version back I dnt like the new one. The title r written in black nd r difficult to read. Fix this mess other wise it is ok
What is the use of Message interface if I have to install fb messanger?
Monir
It worked fine till this recent update. Now it crashes and I have to force close it. Get your heads together and fix your app. It's ridiculous that you get it it working fine then the next update makes it garbage.
Facebook
Hye
Too slow app!
How about in our "favorites" tab having the "like pages" show the pages that WE already like instead of the bullshit pages that Facebook thinks that we should like.
It make facebook to work fastly.but it crashes sometimes
nice
Nice very nice
please fix it or else
Doesn't working
I have messenger and some people can't see my messages!! This app is getting worse
I like it this application
It very very good
Lyk it
Tfg
Fix the messenger for the love of God! Most inconvenient thing ever! Add an offline option. That should do it.
It's great.....
This newest update is just poor.. its force closes, freezes, and will not fully load. Not sure why .. but it just seems to be this newest update.
Very cool and lot of fun to be on Facebook
Cant live without it.
Its very good..
Beter
I record my videos in 720-1080p but yet when I upload them to facebook they show up crappy and distorted. Why is that?    Galaxy S4
This is not good update
I have a prblm with closing out.....
It I liked is simply community my family_friends
hope we can do video calls. thats it. ty
vistoer
samsung galaxy young
Hey i love this app but it won't let me download this app
Superb app
Ahmed
Love Facebook can don't whatever l want on it AND can find out whatever l never to about family, friend, whatever. ...our world right now, what a mess big time. Listen UP people the world is coming to a end and we better be ready look at the man or woman woman walking by u on the street u don't know who they are, and u know what l'm saying so....be safe and aware and know that someone is thinking about you and praying for u.AND you men and women serving our. Country!!!!! Every nite l pray for you maybe2time
Nice app
Loved it!!!!!!
Is there any way I can change the font size on the app? I have limited vision and can't read any of my messages or anything on my newsfeed!
Glitchy...vids wont play says error
Proud of my India
The worst app ever can't log out takes a lot of space
Egzabher feker new
The memory is so big.. It can't fit my phone's storage.. :(
Hi im mia and im 11 facebook is amazing u shoud get it !!!
I cant tag any name on any post nor pictures! using my Lenovo A806 4G LTE..
Seriously after the last update..
Should be able to send messages without facebok messenger
Rasel
Very faster, social & usefull
Nice app...
The contact synching feature is glitched or not fully explained. There is the option on the extent of the contact synching which I fully appreciate. It's helpful to have your contacts synced to the persons Facebook account, I get that. But when I choose to synch ONLY my existing contacts, for some reason, it continues to import ALL my Facebook friends contact info, I don't get that, nor do I appreciate it. Please fix this error and let me know when you do.
sunny
Exellent aap
Don't want Facebook mesnger
If I want to watch anyone's videos I will press the play button. Don't like the way it automatically starts, it's using all my mobile data and it's costing me because I go over my data sort it out please.
It's imaging
Good one
Communication Skills
No doubt its d best!!!!!
Good
After latest update on galaxy s4 the app just freezes when scrolling down
Nice
Why do we need to download messenger when we already have message and chat on facebook?Explain the difference.
Until you allow messaging back into this app, I'm giving you 1 star. Why should I have to download the a separate app for messages. If people want that, then let them. But don't take the messaging function away from the main Facebook app.               Still doesn't always show the news feed in chronological order from newest to oldest. Also, I shouldn't have to download the messenger app to see my messages. 1 app for all of Facebook. I click on turn off notifications for certain posts, but still get them
just for time passed
Any app and that too big enuf as around 15Mb shouldn't b forced to download!!
Facebook has help me find alot of friends and family members
Make relation in heart
I can't understand why this app needs all the permissions? If you didn't notice this, just check the app permissions , you will be shocked
Good
Wow
Nice app nice programs so what's the secret behind this app or application...like java code or c++...anyway good job....keep continue mark. .Facebook going booming my world...accept one thing....I tagging the people almost up to hundred people invite....when I upload new photos....please...invent this idea....
Awesomek
Facebook Good
So sick of giving bad reviews. Now there are error messages all day everyday This app sucks
Best app ever
Always crashing. Forced close always -___- please fix it. Ugh
I really love it
Worst case !!!!
before its ok. now forcing to install messenger makes me not to use facebook. it sucks..
I love it!! Users u should install it
still reviewing
Today's world there is nothing same as Facebook, its just awesome !
The app is really crappy news feeds dont update properly.
Komal mishra
yy
how can i use my facebook. evrytime i open. alway force close .... wtf
I am saved my pic's in facebook good good good loving app
Face book open
There is need to do some improvement. It works rather slow instead of the last one.
Nice
Love it
voice
Love it
Khadse
LIFES IS BEAUTIFUL
I can't seem to open  after I've updated icon has dissapeared.
Terrible. Good for nothing but force closes.
Good
Like friends
Hi dear
It eats lot of f**k memmory
Ashraf
Its so slow. All of my other apps work fine except this one. It can never play videos, sometimes the feed isn't available, can we get an update?
The only one that I use
It's a pain I liked the mail the way it was. Messenger takes up extra room on my phone it's dumb.
Photo
Just thumbs up (y) for u
Lovee it
I hate that I can't sent or receive messages through "inbox" and I refuse to install the messenger. I enjoy using the app (when it's not closing on its own). When I see my news feed I usually only view the things people post the day before, even when I reload the news feed!
Did an update the other day and ever since an error pops up everytime I try to play a video off the newsfeed. Fix this please
Facebook
Good
Off
Kavitha
Please optimize for galaxy tab S 10
Pandiyn
Yes
Updated today - now app crashes immediately on opening...brilliant..an app that doesn't work
The app feels a bit bloated and slow. And I hate that the default view isn't Most Recent.
Good
Just OK.... Lot to improve.
IZZ COOL COOL...
Plz do something about the news feed
Super app in facebook
Good
Its extraordinary app...i feel comfortable when i usethjs app
Excelent
Especially with Jesus Daily
Why i can't see the new feeds,updates but i always see the old feed and updates such as yesterday and last week!!!Theres also no refresh symbol!!!!that should be a refresh symbol so that we can know what is the new update!!!whats wrong with this app!!!please fix it!!!dont give problem to us!!!and if someone know who can settle this,please reply my comment!!!!!
I was using IPHONE since 1 year and I had great experience using facebook on it. That app is much much better actually.  This sucks big time. Specially the UI. I mean come on. I bought s4 and the facebook irritates me like hell.
I love Fb msngr  BcuZ even if,  im not online ....... of my FB i receive a msge of  all my frends. But... I u allready  uninstall my fb msngr cuz my sd memory its only 4gb sometimes my  pohone its hung.. im not happy for that matter....its
Videos cannot be played in fact when i play videos it stops working moreover it cannot be transferred to internal sd card and occupies very much space
Good app i like it
Nath
Great
I like it...
Worst app phone complete slow images too late opening
Grate
Good
Excellent
Browser
Why do i need to instaLL facebook messenger if I have a chatbox..?? Come on such a moron..!!
Fallllllllls, zuti duniya..
Best one
Chef
I couldn't install Facebook...  Why???
Good
H.
Ok
It'z very faster
Fails to load images, while the website works fine on same device. Clicking links crashes Chrome app every time.
Awesome
News keeps on loading. Getting frustrated
Fantastic! So easy and convenient
I love it...!
Best ||||||||

The memory is so big.. It can't fit my phone's storage.. :(

Rubish app dont work. Sort it out
This app takes up so much memory and slows my phone down. I am seriously comsidering uninstalling it.
Alwys prblm in downloding this app & it,s slow speed
Fuck up GRLS
Very well
Its a gud app for facebook  users...
Love it
But its still good!
Don't like the permissions they ask for
Been trying to open a link shared by a page then all of a sudden Facebook crashes. Tried refreshing the phone and closing other programs but it still won't work. I don't think this is my phone's problem. Please Fix. Galaxy Note 2.
Endo kopaada itu..download aakan bhayankara taamasama pazham!!!

The number one
Very nice
Facebook fix a future one up but missing one again.   For ex. The nearby events. I love that features that pull all the public events nearby
Best
Why does my fb app keep closing very fustrating!!!!
It keeps posting same old things nothing new. And it keeps messing up as well very frustrating.
My page keeps getting hacked and still Facebook haven't done anything about sorting out for that reason deleted it n removing the app from my fone
Good
nothings
Wow.....
Works well
Fast login and massages
NO 1 WANTS TO USE IT!
Very good
Fb wont load pictures up on my news feed, loading up takes for ever, I hate having to use fb messenger. ...
Facebook
Very fast.... Nice... If only they could make it less heavy on the system then it would be awesome
Facebook
Worst app
Lovely
I'm am about to completely take my self off Facebook if I get one more notification to install FB messenger.  I don't care about what they say about it having access to whatever B'S. I just don't want it plain and simple.
Very bour
Great for posting updates and checking ur news feed.
Very fast
Good app
You can use it even w/ out wifi ..u can even upload many pic. . even though sometimes it is slow but it's totally very nice,:)
Everytime I open, it ask for login again and then don't logout.Fix it or you are gonna lose more stars.
Still can't do certain things that you can on browser version
I couldn't even go on the app without updating & everytime I click the icon it takes be here. So sick of this crappy app. First y'all take my messages away cause I'm NOT downloading another app(Messenger) so y'all can screw me more. I'm about to be deleting this junk. Fix or I'm deleting.
Nice one
Since FB intergrated its Messenger into its FB app, I've been having issues with the FB app freezing when using it on my GS3. This is most annoying when I'm trying to use the app for a quick check-in. Please do something to resolve this issue. Update: the FB app is no longer freezing, it's now crashing on a regular basis, sometimes immediately after I've initiate the app. So instead of updates to solve the problem, the problem is now worse than before. I'm considering removing the FB and FB apps. Help!!
Well done to the men who made made it
Plz update with more lightweight ui
Nice aap for search friends
Trying too hard to make this better. Prefer the good old days.
I like it.
LAS UPDATE... IS TOO MUCH EATING MY INTERNAL STORAGE! SERIOUSLY? IT TAKE 60MB ON MY PHONE?I DONT HAVE A CHOICE AND STOP USING MY FACEBOOK ON MY PHONE.
Kakasuya..kakaumay.could you stop updating too much? so annoying
I dont know facebook might be slippen. Fix the problem. And Facebook messenger is stupid. Pointless to have 2 apps for one account.
ok
USE KARO FIR LIKE KARI
social net working page is the best way to connect loveone's and friends
I love apps
very good application :) :D
I <3 it. .....
Review
Could you please make a new update where we can download synced photos!!!!! PLEASEEE
Great app,.. Good job.
Good
For me ^_^
always not working good!
No to messenger
¡î
Last update sucks!  App constantly crashes and 'Force Close'.  Fix!!
Face
Lovable
Why is it that i can't install de app
Puli
Vo messenger mera sir kha geya hai
V
Not good
Stupid app! Wont even connect with full bars or on wifi. Fix it!!!
Nf
I Like this app. It's users friendly. I love spending time with this app
Thanks Facebook for restoring facebook the way it was, no longer need the messenger app, it was help my storage alot...But although it slow sometimes..so i gave you just 3 stars first, improve more & i rate to the highest stars. ^_^
Horrible update Facebook keeps freezing fix asap
Nice
Kaam na ho injoy karo
good
Ms
sam Sharma
Sick of all the problems. News feed is never right. If you even get them!  Closes and can't message w/out installing messenger! Always something! Sick of it and just going to stay logged off for a while. might just delete
Keep in touch
Videos freez my phone
Sooooo nice soooo good
Horrible app

I don't like the new messenger settings. Having to download another app on my phone taking up more space and I don't want my number exposed to everyone. I like my privacy and for only certain people to have my number whom I choose, not for public exposure.
Chandra chy
Owsome
Hi
Nice
Barca
We can see the world in the house
Bad update
This new update is causing my Facebook to freeze and close out not even 3 minutes into using it! Fix this! Its so annoying! So tired of all the updates!
Since update on September 18th, my FB keeps force closing and it's very annoying. I can't unfollow friends, so my news feed is all cluttered,  I liked it better when it was 'most recent first', I can't view posts, articles,  pictures or videos because it freezes up and force closes or I have to go to my task manager and it is saying error so I have to end the application. I hate every single video in news feed automatically playing,  or starting to play and then freezes my FB and force closes. Fix FB.
Plz fix it cuz. I don't know what you guy did but its super slow
fu
Female
is great
It's a great app and constant updates are making it better.  But lately I've been experiencing glitches. The app doesn't load up and if it does it keeps on flickering.  Help out!!
I love
Love
I hate the fact that they are forcing you to download messenger..no way em i doing that...this app suck now..hard to read messages
Nice
Too bad need some kixing
can u make setting for no one can mention my name on fb...it is so annoying...please
I too will not be using messenger. Quit trying to force this crap on us !
update please it wont let me change my cover photo
Best social media
it is agood application
After last update it keeps closing down. Obviously not compatible with android 4.4.2 on my tablet. Cant even view it now. Poor rating given may go higher if this problem is fixed
I down loaded messanger and everything went crazy. So i Uninstalled messanger and it still making causing hick ups..
Loads but after 5 minutes it shuts down on its own. Using Samsung galaxy tablet 3. Uninstalled and even reinstall. ..still the same issue.
I don't want to install Facebook messenger
Yes
People are complaining about the update, but I don't see any difference. It works just fine people. Its you phone, or your connection, or you just complain to much.
Why do we need a separate app for messages? =_=
....
As of recent this app eats too much energy on my smartphone. Plus when I try to log out it says: 'Error validating access token, session does not much current stored session'. Seriously? And no, I don't need a FB messenger as a separate app.
Cool
I love
It keeps crashing on my Samsung tablet
Facebook keeps force closing, please fix this.
Its slower it sucks now goodbye its a rap !!
Poor to open and loading
april fedd
Diksha
Happy face
Keep up the goodwork
Face book is not responding.
Horrible after recent update.
good
Why in the bloody bleep can I not default to a chronological newsfeed for always and forever? I can't even figure out how to set it at all in this version. Wish I hadn't updated. Wish I could give zero stars.
new version keep on crasing
I love Italy
Its fun
hmm
Its really annoying!
Stay for ever
Thank you to Facebook l can connet to my friends any where any time
facebook facebook
Good
It's. So very good
Love
News feed is way off! Even on the most recent setting. Forcing the download of messenger, with that privacy concerns. Why isn't there an option to add a photo to comments?
Good
and if you say you don't you're lying!!
;) ok
Good enough 4 me
Like
M
Nice
Jovanei palad
Good app bit slow
Awesome.
My news feed won't load pics! This is extremely frustrating! Fix it please!  Galaxy S3.
Zinkochun
I've got what I wanted the most!!" Now moving this app to sd card! Thank you so much!
Nothing bed
Deleted it a couple of times because it takes up too much space on my phone memory. Don't want facebook messenger and I want to see the recent posts as default and not news feed. Will change rating if app update would get better.
Bharath
Very nyc
good appppppppppppppppppppppppppppppPppppp
I love it
Just awesome!
Liban yaer you all no me
I like this app.
Sucks.
Now i use messenger£¬no next time
Loveing fb
Lov
Excellent
Wonderful
Strictly garbage
Pavan
i loved this
Yup its perfect it works much better than previous fbk apps.
Every time i click on share im booted.
Keeps telling me to force close the app an Doesnt work!!
Ha!!!!!
Awesome

Hussanin
nice
I don't like it as it is like cartoon actually no need of description I just don't like this
Attz

Why so many updates I get every 2 our 4 days
It is fantstic to use play store
It won't let me watch a whole video before kicking me out And it makes my phone heat up and lag and it drains my battery
App is good but whenever I try to log out it say "Unfortunately Facebook has stopped". And an unable to log out. Can anyone suggest what is the problem. I did uninstall and reinstall. But... Prob persist.
Lama
Facebook app
I like it
facebook
Thank
Facebook
nice
Nice app
Please change the design of facebook, it looks old
It
Good
Its good but disvw only one star because in between it stops working
I'm getting really tired of this app ignoring my settings. I've turned off messenger notifications dozens of times. Still any time I get a message I get the chat icon in my notification bar which only leads me to an ad for another app I don't want to install (Facebook messenger). When I turn off notifications I expect them to stay off... I really have no option other than to remove all notifications, but I only want to stop getting notified for new chats. Fix this.
Name hide
Love u
Why do I have to get messenger? Its terrible
The New update sucks! It keeps closing on me. ....

The best social networking site
Fabulous
Thanks
It arite
Its best chatting app
So nice
My facebook keeps closing out need to fix
amazing bt works slow even after good connection....
This app is made for time pass
110
Aher vilas d mukhed yaola nasihk
Great way to stay in touch with your friends and family
Its good !!
Very cool
Can't open app since latest update...
Can't share anything without it crashing. I tried everything I could think of but nothing helped. I had to uninstall it, but sure wish I didn't have to.
soe
It very consuming memory and net data also
Good
Vb takahashi ash spanned clinic
It cool i like him
Since the last update, it freezes up and locks up the phone. Really starting to hate this.
Facebook
Best
It always says force close evrytime i logged out! All of a sudden, it takes too long to open this app.. Please take action to this problem.. Thanks..
Facebook is lazy to recognize purchases of new phone and I have been working on having Facebook recognize my phone and Facebook is still as a stupid rebel as can be
Nice app.i like it
Love it
Like it
Cannot open all the newsfeeds.
¡î¡ï¡î¡ï¡î¡ï¡î¡ï¡î¡ï¡î¡ï¡î¡î¡ï¡î¡î¡ï¡î¡î¡î¡ï¡î¡î¡î¡î¡ï¡ï¡î¡î¡î¡ï¡î¡ï
Apa like kardi aa apno fb nuuu...
Bunk
Awesome app wats next
Ugggh..
Osama aaps
Since the last update my notifications have not been working right. I either don't get any while I'm in the app or doing something else on my phone. Also, I'm getting blank notifications in my phone. What's going on Facebook?
After the last update the app gets stuck at "Setting up Facebook..."
It wants to be updated everytime
Frend
Why does this keep on shutting down half through something. Please fix it.
Tsfhh
I can't updates my facebook..please help me..
It shuts down whenever it feels like. Did not do this until the update.
Facebook is nothing but drama. The does slow your phone down and you can't send messages with out the messenger app but with it Facebook can read your messages on your phone and send messages and alter ones that you send. Facebook has become a huge corporation and doesn't care about its users or our opinions. They'll fix the problems but not the main ones that invade personal privacy.
Great
Face book is fack
Did they remove the "Recent Activity" section for friends pages, or "Recently Added Friends" ??  Can't find that info anywhere anymore, or even Pokes... Why!? Very disappointing... :-/
It keep closing out &I can't check nothing fix it asap
Lagging at times.....needs performance improvement
Nace
Ok
Super
With Old Friends
This is an awesome app.
I still want my default news feed to display most recent not top stories. It also keeps locking up, and closing out.  It will also randomly add a grey border around the app and not filling the full screen.
The best #app in the world
Like so much
Cant log on

FB forces to install some messager, cannot read messages without that app. Bad strategy.
I love face book it is  very cool and  have fun
Like it's
go
Plz fix it :/
Gett'er done
Loveing  it....
Ki hall h j
Cool app..  Just loved it..
so nice facebook
awsome
For an older vision
Keeps freezing when looking at pictures and even when login on. Needs to be fixed.
Keeps closing me out
I like it
Ease of use
Youth Minister, Triedge Christopher
honey love
Stop spamming my notification bar. Thank you.  And please do not set  location information on as default. It is annoying.
Sareef
But i feel a major loss of privacy! Makes noo sence as to why you want access to pics ,messages ect. Me and a million others never want to update because of these unneeded permissions..
This app was really getting worst! I hate it! Everytime I open it, it keeps on closing out. PLS. FIX it
This app is very frustrating! I will be reading and if I click on a link to read it, whenI am finished and hit the "back" button, it goes back to the top of the newsfeed. Then I have to scroll down and try to find where I left off reading.
HTC desire  360
I love it. But it is a little slow. If it be faster, will be better.
Good
Stops working right after logging out.
I wish Facebook can put more emoticons to make chatting more interesting.
I can text my family
goo
What happened to this feature? No guys take us seriously cant evn save my own pics???? No reply in commenting sections.
Its slow
Rajeshsharma1478@gmail.co
How many times i try..
They have good new feature
Some times slow....
Arghh Its To Slow And Every Time Hangging In My Phone. Please Fix It "!
Latest version crashes all the time needs to be fixed because not useable as is
Very nice app
What happened to this feature? No guys take us seriously cant evn save my own pics????
Mast

Lived it
It
Anytime I try Sharing pictures directly from my phone if its a single picture it'll just keep on re uploading till like forever. And it also slow down my phone...its really kinda annoying....! Apart from that nice app.
So slow
Faltu
I totaly recomend it .
I loved it..
I couldn't even go on the app without up dating.  I'm about to be deleting this junk.
Awsome
I love it
Like
Trisha German
Facebook every time like new
Cannot get on Facebook, why is it so hard to do?
21795179
Keeps shutting down every time I use it. It used to be good, but whatever they did, it doesn't work...at least on my phone.
Super
hi
still too much background (memory and battery) use
gmil
Fine app's
Fantastic is amaising to  sere
Uninstalled.
Baaaaaaaaaaaad
Nice
Very easy method
Wayyyyy slow on refreshing. MOST all profile and wall pics do not load for preview.
News feed all jumbled up n not in most reasent order
Quality of the app is getting worse with every update. Will randomly freeze up, stop scrolling, or better yet after I'm done reading comments it will jump back to the top of the news feed. Please fix!!!!
Pleaassee fix I love Facebook. :(
Sucks! Screwing up my phone making it slower won't allow me to answer my phone calls screwing up the volume freezes everything force closes on me when I try to open up the app what are you guys trying to do and not to mention that you are forcing us to open messenger now that's really shady if you ask me! I'm unstalling both apps till you get together you have no business with my pictures and videos supposed to be private!
App uses all of my phone's memory. NO, Facebook, I do NOT want to download a separate large app to access my messages. Especially not with these apps requesting access to phone & mike. Why, Facebook, why?
Thank u playstore
Slows down d phone..... always show msg that single sign on error occurred
Facebook
good
Having many problems
Having problems when im trying to post something facebook closes or even when im looking at news feed it will close out very aggravating:(
New updated app is junk. Closes out for no reason, freezes on scroll. Slows down my tablet! Please fix!!
Gud job
Facebook is life and this app made it so mych easier
My stiyele
Like
Yes. Great
I.cant.use this as faster then. .i.cant log out use not accepting the other account
Messenger is bs,  you totally killed it. Good job
Lol
Really guys thats bs
Sasishree
This is a brilliant apl
Feed keeps freezing after latest updates...
Why i can't download it
Comments
Excellent (can know the current happenings) 
Good apli
Lags,delay,and it takes to much space
Awesome
It's good
The application keeps closing all the time!!!
Itss an awesOme aPp now u caN share your feelingss,your happiness nd all others things...on thiZz cool app
This updated is 10x worse than the last ones. Constantly crashing, runs too slow, pictures do not load,  takes forever to get messages to come through.  Fix it or I will delete it.
A bit slow
I dislike it because of Facebook messenger
FACEBOOK..
Prak lab
The updates make my phone slower dont show all pics...vids are buffering all the time...this fb app sucks big time!!!!!!!!!!
This app just gets clunker and harder to use. No pm, ads everywhere and mucking around with my feed constantly.
Nice
Fix this app pls
Very good
I don't like this version! The last one before Katana version is much better!
The interface is alright. Not that smooth, or anything.  I can't share a post on someone else's time line via the app. Fix that. And what is it with Facebook accessing everything? So messed up.   Edit: Stuff doesn't even seem to load smoothly anymore.  Edit: Even the pictures don't load anymore.
App for browsing another for massaging why too many apps 
Good i liko
I saware it's awesome
It's just okay.
Buruk
Keeps closing
When I make a post it takes anywhere up to 20 minutes for it to appear. But others are able to see it straight away
keke
Can¡¯t post. App keeps closing. After my Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 10.1 was upgraded to Android 4.4.2 and Facebook was upgraded to 17.0.0.23.16 attempts to post or comment result in leaving the app and losing the text. Very frustrating. Please fix!
This aap is very slow........
Good but not so good
My newsfeed isn't showing my friends updates. It's not like it use to be after the last update. Plse fix Asap!!

Good app
Awful. Terrible. Fix It!

Slows my phone down,  plus i have to use extra space for messenger. Sometimes simple is best you guys.
Can't see Gujarati matter
Loved it
Not bad.....

fine but large
Best app mobi face book
My fb picture was not appearing and not fully loading....pls fix it
I lv this app
Videos won't load at all. I've cleared cache and still nothing! Fix it now please!
My phone is getting too slow. And I need to reinstall this just to fix it. Please, fix the problem immediately. It is very inconvinient.
Awesome
I love it..
Nice
I love it
An excellent
It closes everytime I go to my profile!!!! FIX THIS!!!!
ama zing
No need for updating next time...
All. The. Time!
Fix your app FB
Super
Part of my life
How to use fb call i cannot risive call from my friends
Facebook
Oscar kilo
It so nice
App has too many permissions. Videos stuck for fb eyes only. Need update every time one comes out due to fb not supporting previous version on a whim.
Not bad
I like it
Great.
Better than before...
Its just Facebook bro.
It keeps closing out and slowing down my tablet since the update. Please fix
Thanks, Hope to have more of it.
Not bad but some basic functions are missing. So its better to open fb in a browser.. renders this app useless other than the notifications.

Zwiiin Morocco
I cant ever get my recent news feed. Its always from the day before with maybe one new.
Yo yo
Not good working connecting to Facebook...
Nice Apps
Can only use the app for five minutes then stop working and freeze.....sent hundreds of error reports and nothing was been done to fix it in the last three months.  Is some one going to seriously fix the problem.
I don't understand why I keep getting asked to log onto Facebook when I'm obviously logged onto Facebook to get onto the subjects I'm  looking at
Loved it
ta bugado
Nothing like the original... Too many issues to even mention
I like it
After downloading it's asking me my pin code. I really hate this app
Sagar
Mounik
Very gool, i like it
Recently I've noticed my Facebook app will freeze and in order to get it to work I have to close the app and reopen it but it just freezes again. Fix this or I'll uninstall the app for good if I can't use it why should I keep it.
Good
Best of best
Fb, keeps me up on all the happens going on :)
Awesome speed and works great on 3g
App is crushing very frequently
Pictures wont load.  Have uninstalled.
awoesome
Life
Yes IIT really is helpful
I love it
Since the last update the facebook keeps shutting down and crashing , its really annoying, hope it gets fixed
awosome
Joemari locsin
I hate the new update. It will just open then CRASH. Please fix it.
Nice
Great
Wont let me watch videos on friends walls only in the news feed which they arent always on
Awesome
Very good
Can't upload photos, can't like pages, can't accept or deny friend requests, & can't edit or delete posts. Post & comment....that's what this update has reduced my FB activity to. UGH!
Facebook
This is best app for Facebook users
Amaan
Has a problem and not responding my my apps so slow.
Whats your purpose actually of letting us users rate your apps if you will not respond on our concerns! This update still does not correct the problem of sudden shut off of the apps!!! Can you not fix this problem? Bullshit!!!
Since downloading the latest Facebook update I have had nothing but problems logging in. Have reverted to the web site log in which works perfectly and quicker.
Chiniggashit
Use a lot of RAM!!!My phone freeze a lot.I uninstal this ptogram and then no more freeze...
Nice
Always not responding.
Brb brb
It's fantastic
Just nice
My news feed constantly jumps around even though I have it set to most recent. Also, If new stories are posted while I'm scrolling, it jumps to the top by itself. Horrible and annoying.
Slower :(
Its stell keep me out when I enter
Nice
It's not real time notify new message or new post. Unless log in that realize you have new message or notifications refresh or synchronized every hour
Gud aaps
Bablu dev
achi hai
Fair
Lovely
I cant like a status
For a old version
App runs down my phone when not in use, eats up too much space,  and when I load it, it gets stuck on a blank white screen, locking my phone up. EPIC FAIL! AVID FACEBOOKER HERE. Uninstalling this app and have to go back to caveman ages of using facebook on pc. Terrible.
Don't care that the messenger don't work and have to download the fb Msgr app..total bs but oh well..
Get notifications late
Wtf it always hang
27,7,1983
Nobody wants top stories... make recent stories the default option. When I check the "turn off notifications button" that means I don't want to see updates... Doesn't crash enough, please address
fb
App
Stupid app won't load my newsfeed it keeps telling me unknown error. Tired of dealing with this app. I'm just gonna uninstall it.
dont download
Good
its  super by linking friends
Nice changes according to the need  of a messenger
Wow
aq relek je pkai binatang ni, elok je, membohong,membongak,
Facebook is Nice bec. U can see the other people and their picture....
Fab
This app
Simple
Nice
How can I transfer it to sd card? After I download the app it automatically uses my fones memory. Can't transfer it to sd card. Answer my question I give 5 stars or 6 if I can. Thanks. Btw I'm using Lenovo A800.
With this new update, I haven't been able to open links from Facebook to my browser. Might be the browser, might be Facebook. Either way, I'm bummed I can't check out the links!
Parajuli
Juanderful

Very nice app
Love it much
Its good
Superb
style
Ok
This like
I can't play videos. I used to be able to play videos which was very convenient but the recent update won't let me play. Please fix the problem . Please. Please. Please
Not what it used to be and keeps freezing NOW IT KEEPS SHUTTING DOWN. FIX IT PLEASE
I use this app regularly in my galaxy note 8.0 it had excellent font size and crystal clear text I don't know for what reason in tab s it's font is soo tiny I tried doing everything doesn't work
Keeps closing on its own
It so helpful to use
U all shd waste mb on it guys!!!!!!
ramro
Chadwa
Still unable to move to sd card, mine is 2.3.4
Thanks
Please , can somebody help me on how to see the names of those FOLLOWING me on facebook because they are hidden ,I can't fine all only few ,Thanks
Can't use facebook for more than a few seconds before a force-close window pops up and shuts down FB.  I have restarted my phone and uninstall/re-installed FB. Still having the same problem. Even receive the error message when not attempting to use the app, so it must be a problem with whatever the app does in the 'background'.  "Process com.facebook.orca has stopped unexpectedly"
Very slow loading..
Have uninstalled this app on both my current devices as I do not approve of the permissions and the need for two apps. Facebook used to be good but is now going the way of MySpace and becoming nonuserfriendly and horrible if they ditched all the unnecessary and quite disturbing permissions I may consider reinstalling but until then I will feel better knowing that my privacy is no longer theirs to sell to the highest bidder
Hi, I am using a Samsung Tablet and I've recently updated my device. Since this update,  I have been experiencing issues using the app. Whenever I try to view a friend's profile, the app crashes. This forces me to then use Facebook by browser. I have seen many users experience the same issue by their reviews. Please solve this issue as soon as possible,  should you cause infuriation amongst over users. Thank you.
i cant install it in my usb /sd card or system storage rather ..why ? please fix this immediately
Why does the app exits when i want to view a profile of a friend and wanna comment to a post. Hoping that it will be fixed immediately. Thanks.
Thanks
STILL A HUGE MEMORY EATER. Where are the most recent posts? Keeps freezing.
Excellent experience. Lots of fun for everyone.
Pretty good !
I like
cool
Nice
Mackrang
When I open this app, it always says that "facebook has a problem". Please fix IT!!
kk
Can't even download the app.  I keep getting 495 errors (only with Facebook).  Non of the fixes on Google resolve the issue.
Facebook
Ever since i have updated it, it freezes everytime i open it. No other app has problems but Facebook. Can you please fix it
Lost my option to change news feed to most recent & now it is a jumbled mess. Dislike!
uninstalling diz app... cant evn do chating..
Good
Its user interface is nice then the last
It used to be a good app, what happened ????????????????????????
asmmmm
On my s4 after the latest update, facebook app keeps shutting down and 'white'screening. FRUSTRATING! I like the new layout and options BUT am sick of it freezing. I can't even exit when it white screens.
I like  facebook
Nidh
Force close.  Time line sucks.   Jumps to different post.  Not smooth.
Mmm oookey
Not impressed. It doesn't load 98% of the time, even using wifi and not the 4G. I have facebook to keep in touch with family and friends. Out with this app, my grandmothers have learned how to send and receive texts, we will go that route.
Good
Micromax  A310
Enjoyable
Slow slow slow slow...slow..slow..slow..slow..slow..After the recent update.pics are not loading on screen....pls fix it
After the recent update, the app seems to close down by itself while scrolling to see the news feed. Please fix this asap. Its really irritating as it happens quite often.
I love Facebook
Not too bad at all
Good
It's ok
Pictures or videos etc. Won't load for 10mins. Also, when I like a post, picture, video, etc, it shows I never liked it the next time I open the app. I want to have Facebook on my phone, but there are so many annoying things about this app!
can not download my facebook
My idol
Internet
Keeps logging out after last update facebook .katana not responding wtf is that .katan
One of best social media.
I can't upload photo from smartphone to Facebook.
The old fb was way better than this
Karbonn a55+
I always get news feed from last week and every time refresh the page I still get news from last week. Please fix this problem!
The fact that facebook decides the order of your news feed and what is seen as "important". I prefer to see my news feed in the most recent order. Please fix this.
nice
TOP AndRoid 3Care, iskandardoddy79@watervank lubuklinggau
very nice
Nice app
hattab
My bast app
It s easy to have a touch with our dear once
I loved it
Every time there is an update theres always a problem!
Still student
10.10 rate
Always crashing... not working well.....i dont  want  to give  even  star...
Superb app
Notification keeps popping up, and after I give like on the next start of the app, likes are not there.
like this app..
Jordan
Awesome
Facebook
Please add a gallery option picture comment
I like this very good app

Why isn't there any option of zero stars for such apps??
Go
Hate new Facebook it shuts down
Good
Rathia
Owe some
Yes
Now it always forcecloses!
after i got my new android phone upgraded than my last i installed fb but now i cant play videos on facebook .. its closing automatically .. what should i do?  help please ...
Open
very nice apps
Goooooo8d
Nice working
Need to improve more speed.
Crashes to much
I constantly have to clear cache and force stop the app to get it to work and not freeze up my internet. Without messaging the app sucks anyway and I'm not gonna give all those invasive permissions to facebook that the messaging app wants. Facebook, try providing a decent service rather than sacrificing it to take over our phones
All is well
Please update with sinhala unicode support
Excellent performance
Everything is jumble up! Its so annoying when you need to scroll all over again to find where u stop before everything is jumbled 
Write and post family. And. Friends.
Fbbbbbbbbb
Facebook good
It.s ok
Bad network in Facebook
Not good
Never downloaded
Nice exp.
Frequently crashing
It's pointless and stupid how we have to download another app just to receive messages.!! Pathetic.!!
I like it
Hmmm
Pics no longer sync but used to before...not sure what you have done but it doesn't work as well as it did before...I need to be able to sync photos to facebook...please fix it!
Slow...
Very good
Very intresting app
Love it
Why my msg is not showing in msg box it is asking for Facebook messenger to download to read my msg
Very. Very GOOD
The app is hanging not stable
Good to be amongst dearones
Instead of adding new features they take the best one out (messaging)
Practically anything besides my feed will cause Facebook to force close for no reason, this app is pointless
LOAD      OF    CRAP   NOW    IT'S   NOT    WORKING     FIX   IT
Worst app I have seen my life
it is slow
can't download from samsung galaxy 5 (not s5)
Very interesting.
I can
Why is too slow ?! I hate it so much !!!
BBC just want to go to sleep with my life would suck if you don't know why I'm so happy that
Why does the latest update force us to install messenger!?
This an great app , anyone must have this , but i hear someone said , facebook not free next month , why ?
Facebook for tablet
Venkat
New update ia rubbish!! Everytime u search for someone it crashes then closes its self down!!
Nice
good app
Very good
After  rest update I  not like this app
It doesn't work probably. ....plz fix it...
Namitha
Really useful app can get old friends and very speed than in browser
I cant log out from my fb
Thanks
Like this app!
Good apps
It's Facebook. Can't live without! :-)
Good
Great
Khan
Its so esy to discribe
The amount of times I've had to re install this   can't log out right   very slow     I'm frustrated  and angry !!!!!!!
Good f b
Good app
Can't get recent news feed
Good app
Keeps krashing on me now when I start to sxroll down my page wtf!!!
Love facebook!
Force close all the time! Fix it please!
Good
Skardu
Facebook is teh evil.
Super
Soumya
Nice¡­.......
Whatever
Its great app to i love it
Good
Fun to keep track with long time friends!
Get rid of the messenger from the main Facebook app to make it less confusing for people
HD in the world and I have to go to the United Nations Security Council resolution of the day I will be the best thing ever is when the weather was like a good day at work today
Ever since i got an update i keep getting restricted access
Nice
It keeps freezing or just cutting out!
Loved it
2892793
So good so dull
Every since i installed the update its causing my phone to freeze and force close other apps
Really good app work really well for me, very fast and reliable overall great
Tried to open and keeps closing down on me. Keep logging out while trying to login. headache pls sort this out Mark Z
coooool awesome apppp
Very nice
Review
Love
IS IT TOO FREAKING MUCH TO ASK FOR SORTING THE COMMENTS WITH MOST LIKES?
nice
Ayush
HTC back-up only works if you log out of Facebook , also news feed not showing recent posts and sometimes posts disappear , also using data like mad eg : over 100 mb in less than 48hrs , please fix or I will be forced to uninstall, until fixed my rating will stay on 1 star  
Its my favourit app
Ra sauy
Good
Not mad
I have had nothing but trouble with facebook on my tablet lately..my phone is OK...whenever I try to carry out an action, it blanks out and goes straight back to the desktop... PLEASE FIX IT!!!!
Except irrugular updates and unwanted messenger :/
Good
Love it!!!
FB
Tengo problema q la pagina aparezca en my settings ya la baje y no aparece q hago?
Loved  it

Love
As  much I love n enjoy it, it brings birthday notifications a day or two after. Please improve on this.
Really
The info I have to give and permissions this app requires are scary to say the least. My browsing history?? Seriously fb..
Good
I LOVE IT
After the new update I have had issues with it constantly closing out. This is the first problem I've had with this app. Please fix this. I don't want to have to uninstall it.
Its downloading take to much time .. pleez dont install this app it not working in s 4 samsung....
Gud
Awosame
Beautiful
Slow &crashes a lot.
Love it
Nicc
Open facebook
Its so easy and lovely
When I try to open my own page keeps taking me back to home screen. What is happening? Have deleted & reinstalled. No different.
Shiv
grrr
Super
Gud
Plzz add copy paste status
Fb is d future
Totally faltu... :-( nothing change after updating There is a problem.............. .... .... I can"t copy text frome this app...and can"t attacth any 'photo comment i hope...fix this problem as soon as possible....thnxx
Opening the app is so slow. Its takes too long to load and my grandmother almost got mad at me for not answering the calls due to the slow speed of the app. And it takes so much memory. And whenever I'm pressing a posted photo, the comment box appears. Please fix!
ymcmb cool app
I use only on my computer. The app required to much personal info.
Needs some work but ok
soo nice..
1000 Stars
Ok cho 3 luon
facebook
Very nice app
so it works on my phone but I can't use it on my tablet. (yes the internet is working on my tablet as I write this.) News feed won't update and I don't seem to be able to post. Fix your app Facebook, and give back messages in this app. The messenger app eats battery!
Facebook keeps shutting down in the middle of scrolling
Excellent app i have no problem for this app
still not fixed the videos I cannot watch them all i get is a error or will only play the first second then freeze and I can watch things on YouTube without a problem. Rubbish app sort it out facebook. All you keep doing is making the app worse. Fix the problems not ignore them
Gud for I get intouch with lost friends n relatives
Veery good
keep freezing up
Like
Dilrasbanu
Perry Howlin
Too slow, wont load and freezes.
Issues with Like option. Need to keep liking the same posts everytime the page gets refresh. I think I should uninstall this app because even after giving feedback twice I haven't received any response from your team.
Awesome
It can be better
LOVED IT
Tang ina! Ayaw mag
 download!
Facebook
Mittal
Good ..
Super
Un installed the app because of the data I was using..
Superb
Daksh
rohitbansel
Let me try.
Its good.
Excellant
Hi. If you don't stop forcing me to download FB Messenger, I will be uninstalling this app too.

I hate itt . Joke
Log out problems. Ffs a company worth $200b and cant make decent app that works properly.
K k
Love Facebook... 
P
It do what do..baby..
Very good
:')
Baik
Its a bit slow sometimes  , but nice to get star =)
Ok
Like it
Saves my time
People wasting their lives by shoving kitten photos into other people's faces.
Very good for communication
Jamshaid khan @mel
What the f wrong with this new update? Cant even do anything.  Facebook app is getting close all the time. Hate it
Sagarmal
Ramzan idresi
need update
A clean touch
Stor pley
rishabh
I already updated to the latest version after the update now can't log out because there is some kind of error. Fix this and I will do the rating after please & thank you!
Good
Hi friend
Very fine f.b
Great
Vedio player
After the recent update..it shows me that messages have moved on to messenger.. Why did u developer's moved on my messages to messenger. It was really good that I could check my msgs in the same app and it used to work fine too. You spoiled that. You ruined it...!
Too slow : keeps you going back and over does not tell you why.
Bad!
Good one
Its very good app
nice
The updates are worse as time goes on. The app closes out all the time. It gets really annoying. The messenger app is also a load of crap. Hate hate hate.
Great for long distance friends and family.
Pratik
Songbangla
I'm hungry
Happy
So nice
Fnsty
Diksha Thakur
So nothing has really change with this new update. Besides the fact they messed up some of my group pages to where I can't even see the post anymore thanks a lot  loser app  Learn how to update right or don't update at all
You won't get any stars from me until you drastically reduce the file size. UPDATE-- Deleted Messenger as well as it was behaving oddly. This App is on its way out next if you don't reduce the file size or make it transferable to an SD Card. I am starting to point out these flaws to friends of mine and some of them have already deleted it. A few of us still have a little hope for you but it seems like Facebook is going to be a thing of the past. A shame, but oh well, it can be replaced easily enough. :)
sasali
My newsfeed is jacked up...not able to get the latest newsfeed, all post are old....smdh
The order of my news feed is all over the place. I miss most recent updates because I'm being shown ones from 3 days ago instead. Checked on line and this is a common problem. Had to bookmark a web page instead which gives me a better version. Happened on Samsung galaxy 3 mini & HTC one mini. Why do Android always get given such a 2nd class service???
I love facebook
Its kinda slow. But i can get the use of it
Annoyed by auto video feature.
Its fun and friendly....
Very good....
ok
It is briliant
I love it
Always telling me wrong password or something else that might be a problem . fix it for me as i really just need to go with another company.
I think it is a good quality
The scroll position is totally messed up the last couple of versions...
Gud
Great
This app is so freaking ridiculous, with the ios app you can see the top comments and their likes, I don't know why the ios is better than this one on android, fix the app, make it add good as the ios one and then, I might give the 5 stars and recommend it because right now I always say to android users no to use this really bad application, I  use Google chrome stead to check Facebook because I got tired of this.
loved it
soniakhan 1995
Okay so the link crashing thing was a problem with chrome. I still don't like Facebook though
Facebook iz good but it doesn't support in m phone n due to fb m phn get hang n other apps stp working
Best
:)
kul rate
Won't use'english
Best app i like this app
Like it
Take more Ram memory and runs in background but take a lot of time to open the app. Most hated social app in my phone. Some features aren't working like shortcut to write on timeline on someone's birthday.
Had to reinstall as keeps crashing please sort it out
I had no problems with it. It works perfectly.
Nice app
Just horrible now it was great at first now Facebook has microphone s in our phones and they are also recording us which is against our rights and their sending at calls on my phone somehow and charging me with these long distance calls Facebook should change these new updates or shutdown completely
Keeps crashing
It switches back to Top stories all the time on its own accord. Idiotic.
Hydrothermal
Face book
It get automatically closssed...frustrateddd
It asome
When I choose post the photo, Application always shut down. SS-Note2
Face book keep goin blank and it slow
Amazing
So now, to send and even read a private message, one have to install an optional application? Dumb or what?
Seriously what is this? If i open a page the app get closed ¡­ and u r failed to give us a proper news feed option easy to managable
It's a great app but sometimes hangs leading to frustration. It should be improved in such a way that any version of android could use it very smoothly .
Love the improvements made.
"The password you have entered is incorrect." even after resetting my password. WTF is going on?
I have alot if problems with it
Good
Nice but hangs up sometimes...
Still does not work on Rikomagic MK902 since the two latest updates. "Trouble loading news feed". Does not load page - notifications do show, and can check people's post through that. News feed remains broken.
Ehh
Always crash
Pof
I like most
With out fb life is empty ................  maxy is great ...
Facebook for pc browser is simply better that this app, but it has improved a lot, at least for my device.
How is possible in samsung s2...
osm i have no words for Facebook

Very glitchy, everytime i atempt to open a video or a photo or even open notifications it will crash and i have to reload it. Disappointing.
Best facebook Android app
Not bad
It's awesome
Read terms and conditions tracks your movements, takes all the pictures and videos you have and sells the info to other companies. And they cannot be held responsible if your photos or videos get "leaked". Hmmmmmm I feel like I've read a book about this.
Use up my data as default option then force me to spam my phone with messenger, and now if I touch messages in fb it freezes, really on the up and up... Eh? PS missing a lot if news feeds from friends that are being followed, the box is checked.
Good for all
Hi
Shwng in sufficeint space evn though my device has enough space
A very few memory left on my phone when i updated it pls fix it it takes up so much memory. i will rate it to 5 stars if you lessen the memory it takes.
Video playback always stops halfway through. Never used to happen with the old version
Mayuris
Facebook is love facebook is lyf xo
Over the last few weeks when I open and browse FB, after a few minutes,  my phone freexes5, locks and I am unable to power off. I have to remove the battery. May possibly Uninstaller if it continues.
Pictures not loading, stories not loading, videos not loading. I also hate how nothing's in order. I read a couple new posts then there is something from the day before, sometimes even multiple days before
This new version sucks. It crashes every time I open the app. I have tried everything but it just keeps crashing. Please fix this problem
bad
Its better!
Ok
Bessssst..
Quite fst
Not so good.
I love it...
Playstore
My account is hacked,  dont know how to go about it, hsve been trying to fix it for months now.
So gay man f...
It keep saying unknown error ?! I've had facebook before but all of a sudden it stopped working !!
I love it
Pls make change it destroy my time line
after update, almost all of the vids doesnt play.
apps very advtertisment
love 2 use fb
Its awesome. Im am not regular 8 year old kid im feeling like 19
Good
Wow
Realy good
I like it
It really don't work anymore
What's up
Nice amazzzzzin
Great experience
Family
the feed is beyond slow to load pictures/posts. what small percentage i do get to see is old. if i select newest it shows maybe 3 posts then sticks on loading. it bogs my phone down like no other app especially since it runs constantly in the background. just like the messenger app too. push notifications aren't working at all anymore. with the constant updates it should be fixing something rather than making it worse! do you even read reviews??
I was a die-hard fan of FB and preferred it above any other social app. Now I have uninstalled it coz it was forcing me to use messenger, doing so was lagging my device.
I can't play the videos!! Please fix!!
Keep having trouble with the whole app! Keeps freezing up every time I go to refresh the news feed or visit profiles!
Ok
Excellent
8/8 gave me cancer
When i post i suddenly got kicked out and worst thing is i cant open my facebook anymore...
So I gave it a 3 star since the news feed loads pretty much the whole time now, just once in awhile still have issues with it not loading, but when the Bugs get fixed like b4 when the feed loaded every time I'll give u 5 star, thanks
Keeps shutting off randomly.  Always something with this app.
Loy
Keeps closing
941
87958595u
Good!
Its good
Nice
Why you got to keep doing these stupid updates? Now I have a notification all the time when there isn't one and pending posts on my profile when I've already done them... Gosh sort it and then leave it alone.
Likes
omg its so amazing
Good
This app crashes a lot.
Anis
Wonderful........
Facebook is a shambles st the moment my newsfeed is all over the place
Sometimes I can share and sometimes I can't share!
Wow, quality of voice clearity and hassel free connectivity
Anil
Kakaguru
My notifications don't upload!!
Nice app I'm handsome
These updates make it harder to use the app...videos and pictures don't load
Application data is fast
It keeps bloody closing by itself ever since the last update ! Please fix it asap !
A faster and better way to connect with friends.
Crashes everytime i try to open it

Since the most recent update my news feed does not show pictures.  It worked fine before this update.
This app taking so much space I cn't even use my phone properly, Everytime i see "INTERNAL MEMORY FULL" cuz of this app.. Please fix it As Soon As Possible.
nice app to chat with frrrrnddds......
Calladita me veo mas bonita
Feedback
pwet
Gooooood i am use first time cleraly
its my day
Powerfull
Cant get on all the time.
My news feed doesnt refresh and it seemed like it deleted my most recent account. Really upsetting.
App malfunctions constantly, has a mind of its own.
I like it
Work not well on my galaxy s.
super
Addicted
Works fast and i love it but sometimes it shows error
With the latest update the app randomly shuts down. Quite annoying. Also seems like the news feed isn't chronological. I always go through the process of choosing "most recent" (you could make that the default!) but it seems all scrambled. Just may have to forgo the app and use mobile.
Hi
What's up with all the freezing and crashing now? I can't get on to the app right now without it constantly freezing up.
Download facebook for candy crush only for instant connect.. :)
This is very nice
That's the only way I can describe this update. It slows my phone down, it crashes all of the time, and there's nothing really new about it. I still don't get why there needs to be 3 apps. It's dumb.
I love the app its simply a amazing app Makes my life helps easy
Great App all bugs fixed haters gonna hate.
Like the new ui. Don't like how news feed consists of old and new parts bunched up together.  Really would prefer to have the newest ones displayed first. Also can't unfollow, or 'hide', articles that friends like. Keeps showing error message.
sipp
Duplicate provide authority
It's not bad but some time's  face book not respoding why?
I loved it
I love this app....its too fast!!
Baguus
Subbu
The app has been downloaded to two different phones and it doesn't show me very much in my news feed. Also it constantly tells me"  error loading page" I am deleting it. I would rather use my browser. That shows me all the posts
It keeps shutting down
this app has never worked.even if i log into a locations wifi
The new video player is dumb. You used to be able to pause videos by touching anywhere on the screen, now you have to touch the screen and then click pause. Also, the Facebook widget tells me I have notifications awhile after I've already checked them which is extremely annoying. I have a Samsung Galaxy S3.
Literally beautiful software
Superb
For several weeks now,  when I try to share a picture, Facebook stops running.  Nothing works... I also I updated it today, and now,  the app closes while I'm on, for no reason
A very sunsational app
Every time i click around i get kicked out of the app when using my tablet
Everytime I login its says trouble loading feed..wasn't doing that till the update.Takes forever for the app to load so I can login.Please Fix..Since the new update its keeps foreclosing everytime I login
Facebook fun if used right.
Yo fix it my news feed never update
sana karmahin ang gumagawa ng phone sex
Good
Ok
I shouldn't have to download messenger. Forcing people to do things. Dont like it.
Will not load videos reinstalled more than 10 times
After last update on 9/18... videos and pics freeze constantly. Takes a huge amount of ram. Hate it force closes. Fml. FIX and STOP! Messaging gig is BS. GS5 ATT... pull it together FB!!
abc
After a recent update. The app keeps shutting down on its own.
R
It keeps kicking me off as soon as I open it
Preferable
Love it lits
Log out problem till last update plz fix it as soon as


SR
Al 100
Need to install fb msgr for chatting...
I don't like the Facebook app. Now :( I cannot download it in my cellphone because the size is so big.
Newest version has major issues
Need material design
My dad almost died because I got blocked from sending friend requests and it didn't let me message people that aren't my friends on Facebook and obviously I couldn't do anything he was getting chased by 4 guys in a car and I had to message him an address where he would be safe dont ask why this happened or how it happened but yea Facebook is dumb as hell .
Facebook is good only after you masturbate
FB is basically useless now since I updated it . App is constantly closing . I can't look at any of my friends pages or groups it just crashes and shuts down . Please fix this crap . This is also happening to my brother on his tablet ever since he updated .
Great
Sen
Fb will lock up. Blank notifications. Please fix the bugs!
Lovely
Update 9/23/14: Simply didn't bother to install this on new Galaxy Tab S on 4.4.2.   Just access website using Puffin (Flash enabled) browser, and works OK. Can read messages, and no bothersome notifications! ....................   Have not updated this app on Galaxy 8.9 tab in awhile, due to high % of negative reviews. My year-old version (5.0.0.26.31) "works." However it still occasionally goes to black screen, videos won't play at all, it's missing several useful desktop features, you can't post a photo in a comment, you can't administer pages unless you install their other app, and now you can't read/write messages unless you install yet ANOTHER (totally unstable) app.  If you haven't updated lately, DO NOT! Wait 'till a majority of reviews are more favorable, & useful features are added/restored. Or use the web version.
Hiiiii
After a recent update, the app stopped loading nearly all the pictures on my feed and pages. I've tried closing all my running apps then going back into only FB, restarting my phone, and uninstalling/reinstalling the app. No bueno. Still won't load most of the pics. Used to work just fine so I'm not sure what the deal is now.
Ayup
Best app
It's a great app but everyone I click on a video it says sorry but an unknown error occurred  when trying to play this video. I have it set to play videos automatically in settings and there are no other video setting options. Someone help me out here. Thanks
Im not one to jump on every update, i held on to an older version of fb like 15 updates ago until i was forced to update. It seems like the very few problems people were having, your updates have spread to everyones phones crashing. I have to clear data once a day to be able to start fb, but once i view 5 or 6 news feeds then crashes again. Maybe fb should do away with offline caching, seems like a buffer problem, it crashes onces ive accumulated 42mb of browsing
Awsome
When i open the app it force closes within 5 seconds and continues to do so at every other attempt. Tried clearing cache etc, but that didn't work. And it only force closes on my tablet, but not phone. I hope it is an issue that can be fixed soon
Many issues lately. I still use it though because it's how I keep in touch with friends/family on a more regular basis.  Update: why in the hell does facebook think it needs to send out emails without my permission or knowledge?? Update (9/23): been having lots of issues past 2 days, keeps saying 'trouble loading news feed' but I'm on 4GLTE. Plz fix! Annoying to constantly have to reload app and still only see 1 post if I'm lucky!
It won't text me a code.
FACENOK
Keep asking for update every  week......
Sign up for Facebook
Good
It's been great other than the horrible messenger update. That new app is horrible.
Social media sight that is pretty cool it's nice to find old friends
A
I like it
Great all the way
Dear Sir before some time I blocked my friends but now I want to accept them. So plz tell me that however can I connect them
Not always most recent feed. Other than that works fine.
Ummmmm for the past week I haven't been able to play certain videos in my newsfeed!!! PLZ FIX!!!!
Nyc..
Very very nice app
good
This app is fantastic!
New update ? Lol ? This updated tooooooo muck problem , error every time . PLZ DO SOMETHING !!!
Since last updates, couldnt log in or log out properly. Keep crashing my phone. Have to remove & re-install the app
Bakwas
Whenever I use the Facebook app on my tablet the program will randomly crash.
Too bad. Slow. Crashes. Videos can't be played.
I can't see any photos. Just a spinning wheel.
Since the latest update, it lags to much.
All
every week i reinstall the facebook cause it closes messaging and asks to install messenger as separated app! please keep ability to have messages and all in one app! §Ù§Ñ§Ö§Ò§Ñ§Ý§Ú §ã§à §ã§Ó§à§Ú§Þ §Þ§Ö§ã§ã§Ö§ß§Õ§Ø§Ö§â§à§Þ! §á§â§Ú§ç§à§Õ§Ú§ä§ã§ñ §Ü§Ñ§Ø§Õ§å§ð §ß§Ö§Õ§Ö§Ý§ð §å§Õ§Ñ§Ý§ñ§ä§î §Ú §å§ã§ä§Ñ§ß§Ñ§Ó§Ý§Ú§Ó§Ñ§ä§î facebook, §é§ä§à§Ò§í §ß§Ö §å§ã§ä§Ñ§ß§Ñ§Ó§Ý§Ú§Ó§Ñ§ä§î §Ö§ë§Ö §à§Õ§ß§à §á§â§Ú§Ý§à§Ø§Ö§ß§Ú§Ö!!!!
Ilove
Error on Downloading
I found out that the more updates downloaded, the heavier it become.. and now it swallows 70Mb to 90Mb of my RAM. Plus the messenger took almost 50Mb of RAM. So actually Facebook is a BAD APP for android devices with 512Mb RAM.
cash
It takes forever to let me get my messages . Its slow also
Nice
No other
I love it
nice for use dear fends
What did you do in the update?! I can barely scroll thru my newsfeed on my tablet before the app shuts down let alone click on anything.   It constantly shuts down.  Have uninstalled/reinstalled, cleaned up tablet.   I give up!  FIX THIS!
TAKES FARRRRR TOO MUCH SPACE, ASKS TOO MANY PERMISSIONS!!! Cant even read messages without another large app!!! Use Fast Facebook instead!!!!!
I can't even enjoy Facebook no more. I can't even scroll down my new feed with out it freezing on me to load a video, take 40sec. Please make a change.
Why do you have to force people to install messenger ?
Nice nice nice
Its making shouted down always the facebook whats going on.....pls fix the problem rigth now....tnx
It has slow my tablet and is using a lot of   ram and it is using lot of battery ........! It is using my 59% battery.
5 star
Being able to chat with family ..
lenovo
Don't have any problem using it so far. Keep up the good work. I'm looking forward for any improvement.
Lave
Why do I have to get the separate app just to message. I refuse!
Not receiving codes/can't log in
Love
IDK
Hmmm
Ever since recent update Facebook loads up then crashes straight away. Will stick to using Facebook on the Google Chrome browser
I have tried over and over to reset my password following your instructions and have not been successful ! Too upsetting !
Much faster on app then on enternet through Google+
Latest update constantly stops responding.
I hate this so called "updated" version, it locks my phone up, slows it down, FIX IT! ****UPDATE- Hate that you think you need access to places in my personal areas of my phone that you have NO business snooping in. Someone better explain this pretty quickly before I opt to use another social media chat and friend app. You aren't the ONLY ONE available, and if enough people get sick of these "required"invasions of privacy, they are going to do the same. Back off FB!
App is constantly freezing & forceclosing & slowing everything down. THAT NEEDS FIXING ASAP!!!!
Needs a better update
Not good or bad average
Hated it now because of the messenger app!
Loved it
It's very bad no to found any edit option for status or comment.
Social network
I would rate it a 5 star but it won't let me see who's online every time i click to see who's online it pops up empty like if I don't have friends but I do got friend's and also I'm not able to see people's status in order for me to see them I have to go to that person's wall I already tried to click recent news feed and I'm still not able to see them, please fix this!
Nice
Enjoy much
Is it that much difficult to just add an option to change news feed to most recent. Stop forcing what you think is "Top" for me. I don't want to see posts from last week and miss what happened moments ago. Geez facebook listen to your users.
Very special
Application for me
I have to toggle most recent every time I get into the app.. Wish this wasn't so iOS based.
Ever since this messanger fiasco my facebook does nothing but freeze up every few minutes.
Why is won't intall what is the matter of these app?its say "unkown code during installing -24"
Facebook
yea
99% of the time my news feed won't load! I get "error loading news feed!" And on the RARE occasions that I can see my current news feed, it won't let me watch videos unless they're hosted on an outside site! I can see everything if I access FB via my phone's browser so it's something in the app!
These STARS Are for The Facebook Team !!!!!
It is very speed when I update
F $$@!!! This app dude now you HAVE TO DOWNLOAD MESSANGER OR YOU CANT SEE YOUR MESSAGES F $$$!
Used to get a text. Acct still set up for it. Nope, no notifications since leaving iPhone for S5.
It has taken 20 mb of my phone memory... No option to move to my sd memory...
I can't see my messages until I get Facebook messenger?  what the hell 
Error pops up everytime I try to watch a vid. I also don't like that FB keeps trying to force me to DL the messanger app. *update its been 4/5 days since i updated FB and i still can't watch any vids on my news feed. I am vey displeased.
STOP SENDING ME NOTIFICATIONS EVERYTIME SOMEONE LIKES MY STATUS
It is a good application
Keeps shutting down, what is up with this app, have uninstalled twice now, still crap.
Great update
Recent update is horrible it freezes up, the volume on videos don't play at times and just frustrating me. Get your stuff together guys
Can't even use the app on my mobile devices since it constantly crashes about every 3 seconds. Pretty useless.
Fix the problem fast and ill give it 5 starts. Its very stressful.    DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT FAST.......... PLEASE!!!!!!!
It make me connect to my friends
runs very slow has a poor set up and crashes my phone because it force closes all the time. horrible app. Facebook needs to go back the way it use to be. simple.
Facebook y u no have dis like button
I hate it! It keeps logging me out when i done it a million times if you dont fix it im sueing you
I plan to remove my self from Face book because it's just not my cup of tea...!!! Sorry,.... but keep up the good work & for those that love this sort of thing..... Go for it...!!!      I'm only interested in finding a investor/s in my Gold Mine of 40 acres of $30M. Mr. Jay
A.vignesh ayyappan
I immediately regret approving the update to Facebook. I can't make my news feed in order of most recent. It jumps all over the place and just frustrates me beyond the will to keep this app. They need to fix this or give access to older versions of this app so I can be sure to never update. As it is I may just uninstall anyway. Drains a ton of battery, I can't make it through the day even if I don't use my phone a lot. If you haven't updated, GOOD. DON'T DO IT.
I like it
Its okay. No problem for now.
Sucks
Papun
Since the last update this app is freezing and then I can't even close it, I have to wait for it to close. Just gets worse everytime.
Thanks.like it
It is allways good app
Never had a problem until this week...keeps closing which makes me not want to use Facebook.
Love it
I love this app
Good catagory
Yeah
Just crashes
I updated a wk ago and the new fb keeps shutting down, when I repost it goes all the way back to the beginning, and half the time I can't see pics.
¡°Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to [be data mined by a soulless corporation]"
The bext. I'll do and i post whatever i post. I can tell what my feelings . And ill post what happen to my field country and every where.
roselovelygirl
after your update my Facebook page freezes know it sucks fix it and maybe I'll give you a 2 star
Its a easy way of telling how u feel and stuff
Nice
I feel like I'm being stocked I like the idea of Facebook but all the privacy agreements are outrageous ! Facebook can read my text , knows who I call , my location and can look at photos on my phone !?
Good
It's fast and easy to get to your page love it
Turn off notifications does not work at all.
Nic
Since the last update my notifications have not been working right. I either don't get any while I'm in the app or doing something else on my phone. Also, I'm getting blank notifications in my phone. What's going on Facebook?
Awsome :)
Update facebook to  make it fun faster
Still hate it.... constantly force closes.... and in the middle of reading something it will decide to refresh my news feed. Instead of constantly making changes, how bout fix the bugs!
I have updated the app and uninstall the update several times. And everytime I watch a video on my timeline, it either won't play at all or freeze half way through. Scrolling through my timeline is so slow and freezes up all the time. Using the web browser is better than this app.
Pretty good
Keeps crashing every time I try to post pictures .
FB is becoming Big Brother.  Won't download FB messenger.  Liked it better when it was new and not greedy.
Good
Love it
Great
After the update nothing loads right. It won't show my pictures it just acts like they're loading. Fix this problem!
Muy bueno ......
Keeps forcing close when it does load up! I usually get a black screen then after a minute or so it forces close. Uninstalling very soon!
Facebook
I love facebook but i cant upload photos or statuses, can't see messages at all unless I'm in the messenger app, just a blank page. Can't tag my friends at all, the names dont even appear up. Please fix!
Awesome
The most recent update is terrible my news feed decides to refresh itself when I'm reading something and the app itself continues to randomly close while I'm using it.
Finally I can send messages without using stupid facebook messenger app
Keeps crashing on my tablet. It's bad enough that it goes back to the top of my feed whenever I come back to the app after following a link, but now it goes kaput when I try to comment on something or select a pic to see it full size. Just scroll and look, but don't do anything. Yay great Facebook experience.
When you tagged in comments on posts and videos with a few thousand people commenting maybe it would be better if the comments from someone in your friends list comes up first and you don't have to go searching for it!
Please fix the bug I am having problems logging in and out
Why do they want do much control over my info/device?
Its really best apps

Best
I looooooove facebook
Slow to download
Battery hog
Thanks for all your serveses
If i could give it a zero i would. The recent update has slowed my phone down, trying to scroll up & down is irritating and i get off facebook as quickly as i can. Then the app decides to close. Please fix it.
Keep crashh --
Terbaik untuk semua....yg datang pasti akan pergi ketempat asalnya..Disini kita semua hanya menumpang..
good
It won't install!!
love it.
Won't scroll...gets stuck...n just sucks
Loveit
I hate messenger everyone can see Ur private pics & text and I keep having problems with facebook I can't get into fb it always closes on me please fix it
S
Cant open links, read posts or scroll through without app closing by itself. Waste of time.
Works fine
Nice
Tarra
Wonderful
fix this fault its only happening since the update!
Good
Love it
It was five, until today. Changed it to 3. Keeps closing!
My son loves it

Love it
Crashes and freezes often with the past couple updates.  I send error reports all the time.
I keep  having  problems  logging  in
Worse update ever. I click on the notification I get and then it takes me to the post only to not allow me to comment again or see what the other commenters said. Deleting this app because I'm over it! I'll be using the browser from now on. At least that way I'll have "most recent" as default and I'll be able to actually use FB. Also hate the fact that I HAVE to download messenger. I don't care about emoticons, sending videos, pictures ect through messages, just messages themself. Rarr..
Its good in all but still its a huge media site that is not safe
It want let me sign in and it says my password is wrong but I've put it in and it said it was right ...
Get more friend

But bad
Besty
Vvvv. Good
Sucks all around
nice
Kurhade
Great
Kool
very slow, always force close. kindly fix it. thanks
Love
It will just stop and shut off since I updated it.
The app is ALWAYS force closing itself before it even loads all the way, and is extremely slow!
So great and wonderful
Your app is constantly stops working . And i cant go on peoples profile i can only scroll down my news feed without the app closing
germel tuvida
What is up with this? I occasionally have inbox conversations with friends - don't need a dedicated apps for it..! Bring back the inbox messages please!!!!
Moppin
Blah blah
I can't believe how much memory this app uses, It is constantly updating and I can't move it or delete it.
Not happy ! This app sucks now
Sllooww..    .fix it
I'm only giving it five stars because I'm glad it doesn't work.  I hate Facebook now.
Faster easier love it!!
Get this thing fixed.
I got the update... I cant do anything on my galaxy tab3. It shuts the app off.. fix this please
No option to add an  administrator or add a picture when creating an event on the mobile app.
Every time I open the app it will always say can't load news fead. And it takes a gob of amount of time for it load a simple picture. Plz fix this along with all of the other errors that go along with it. And I might raise my star rating
I think Facebook is the best thing since sliced bread or Red Zone!
Facebook keeps saying..session expired. It won't log in....then when I do get into facebook it won't log me back out. It gives me an error message. This started when they went to the new updated version. I'd rather have the old version back at least it worked. Now I'm frustrated and disappointed .
Time line is all over the shop. Recent posts don't show automatically. Total mess
Take too much space , It's fine without this update
I can text my friends
Still uses lots of ram...it stops working....so i thought better to remove it...
Hi
I love it!!!
Great
Keeps forcing updates and eating memory! Now it's not operating AT ALL and shows new set-up when I am happy with old one. If I can't login by end of night I am dropping out! Don't need it but I like having it.
Very helpful
Friends
Facebook is good social network but facebook apps is v bad apps when we load the page it takes more times to load & it workes slowly
Nag hahang sya pag sa picture...nako pag ganyan ng ganyan marami ng di gagamit ng fb....
Why keep the messaging icon on the FB app if it's non-functioning? Just take the icon and the notifications for messages off the app.
Needs lots of work the older version was better too many problems to list news feeds are jacked up  drains battery slows phone it gets worse with every update
Since the update I now no longer have face book and it won't install. Badly regretting my decision to change from samsung to Sony :-(
Good example of crummy programming. Program dies multiple times per session after last update.
Baik
Re-updated still closing...come on fix this already...9-23-2014 Since last update it just randomly closes when scrolling through the news feed. You need to fix this
Ever since the last update on my Samsung galaxy tab 3 I cannot open individual pages on Facebook.   I can read my newsfeed but once I open my page or a friend's page Facebook closes out.  Can this be fixed?  Is it a bug?
I don't even know why the make this app I'm on it whole day.Trust me
Awsome
I don't like the new news feed. You can't set it to  most recent and it updates poorly.
Can't download to my phone.
Since Samsung upgraded android to 4.4.2 all the Facebook app does is crash crash crash, open my own profile or anyone else's and CRASH.  Open my own page or any page and CRASH. Post a comment or try sharing a post and CRASH.  I use firefox instead but it's slow but doesn't CRASH
Keeps closing when I try to upload pics. Old version was much better. Please fix.
My Facebook keep stopping. What the hell is going on with Facebook. FIX IT
It's to slow and my news feed sometimes don't up date till the next day it really does suck.
Kaos
T
Eff FB!!!!!
Loved it
Superb
I love it so much
:-)
It takes too much storage from my phone. I also don't like how sometimes we MUST have messenger downloaded in order to respond our messages, I have to go to the internet in order for me to respond a message, please fix this!
to much problem now
Good social media
Txt messaging
Same as before Why such a big file? Just updated all is not well crashing now the thing won't load then it crashes again not going to groups when clicked goes to news only sort it out for god sake.
vbn
Turn off notifications not working note 2 kitkat 4.4.2 ............ I can't mention any one from group when I write a comment in any group
noob
Fun but this app running slow
Very nice for all contact
Always poor unreliable and very costly
The app by default installs on internal memory n is bulky. To top it up, it starts storing app data on internal memory, thereby eating up all the internal memory n slowing down its iwn performance.
Why is it getting worse im about ready to delete it off my phone
your facebook balck how your black ok
App getting much better. Stop changing it.
Fix it!!
Dev
Because i can online every where :)
Ok
Addiction
Keeps crashing
Decided to join the social media world and downloaded to my galaxy s3 tablet. I cannot find friends because it keeps closing out. It is very frustrating  especially when trying to learn how to use it. Don't know if it is worth the trouble.
'..'........... Facebook (mhas change to ever language you can t get English
Very good
Im so sick of u ppl up grading things and not being able to make it better but worst keeps closing on me or going blank...i install more then once come do your job..
mau p KL
It's good, helps to find a person whom you are looking, girl or boy, new or old friends, it's good really.
will not open news feed or most recent but will open others. reinstalled/unistalled after several updates over the course of a month. same issue remains. :-(
Ive had to do a factory reboot cause everytime i go an post something or go to my timeline, im automatically takin to my app/home screen on tablet! Very annoying, thing is, fb is fine on my cell phone! Please fix glitches!!
But need work on loading on.!7 asap!!!!!
I love facebook
I like facebook because it help me communicate with my friends the thank you whoever made it because I get to talk to my family that lives far away and I barely get to see them so thank you
All worked fine until a recent update. Now it crashes all the time. Only app I have trouble with on my Android S3 tablet. Can't do anything without a crash back to my home screen. Start over, crash, start over,crash etc. Etc.
Ever since the update on my android facebook keeps stopping  please fix or i will unistall
Im not happy, cos my fb account getting slow
Praise his holy name
Too invasive
For 7 days I have been receiving blank notifications..when I open them it takes me to notifications on FB and there is 0 new notifications..
Its so cool ive been using this app for a long time and its never let me down
Awesome <3
Oh boy!!!! It works so good on my tablet really happy!!!!!!!
Wonder
Have it
Pala buto pak ang
I really don't think that shutting down the messages ability in this app is necessary. This app has had its terrible moments in the past,  but this new update brought it to a new low.
Seriously over fb i liked the basic and all these updates suck
It didn't do anything and it would still drain your battery real considerably even though auto sync, notification are all off. Crap
It blows. It slows down my phone. It keeps deleting itself. It closes itself and freezesmy phone
It won't let me send messages
Good enough for me
News feed out of order. Clicking a link crashes the browser
It needs to be updated .. it always show old stuff from a whole 3 days ago
I shouldn't have downloaded this again. There's always a problem, even with my new s5!
Annoying notifications that aren't there
Still lacks features
It is constantly closing with a message saying that it failed and often within seconds of opening the app. It is nice when it works, but most of the time it doesn't.
Not good not bad
It's better than nothing
Why don't you just fix the frigging app!!
Session time out
Pizza is yummy
After i update my apps forcing it close      galaxay s4 i9505 stock firmware bullsgit apps
Cool
Facebook recently began requiring users to download and install a separate messaging app, in an attempt to grab market share before new entrants (such as LINE) take hold.  The forced migration to this software takes over your phone and is horribly intrusive.   In short, Facebook raped and pillaged my Android.
I'll be in the middle of reading something and it closes out. This update is the WORST I ever had!!
FL  P
Very good
Still loving it Hope this update no troubleshoot..
Good and easy to understand and use
Very good
Since last update, its been running slow, sometimes it wont even open my facebook. Sucks!!!
With this now I can finally talk to my friends with out using my sisters laptop
Love it
Since last update it just shuts down randomly.  I was on for 5 mins and it shutdown twice in that time. I think ill be looking for an alternative soon if this continues, or just delete all together. UPDATE ive had enough, facebook will be deleted after this post. Goodbye
When I sign into facebook and its saying that I have no connection. Every time I try to refresh my newsfeed it says error connection. It doesn't show me any recent postings it shows me posting from the day before and such. This app sucks completely! I wouldn't even rate It if I had the choice
My first time on Facebook
None of the videos play on this app.

Exelent
Cuando la intento abrir abre pero despu¨¦s de varios segundos se cierra sola. Se que probablemente sea por mi tel¨¦fono que es un motorola g. Pero si de alguna manera pueden arreglarlo hagan lo por favor.
Nice
Like it
The best ever
Perfect
I keep receiving blank notifications.
ugh I can't install this app "Incompatible Update" please fix it
ererrfvuuaa
Having issues with it freezing, not responding.
Why couldn't save photos if posted 2 or 3 photos together
Hate the recent updatrs now can even LIKE anything since the last update..need to fix that asap cuz i cant use my ap
I've tried 6 times to upload this app.  Waiting,waiting,waiting on network.   10 minutes of my life I'll never get back.    This app blows.
Best app ever
The recent update is causing my phone to slow down and it closes the page
Fb
Love this app
This is the only app which consumes lots of space and data.  Even there is no integrated chats. People have to use facebook massenger.
The app keeps closing out of no where, shows me I have notifications when I've already cleared them, and it takes up WAAAYYY too much space. I'm constantly having to clear the data for this app.
Love it
Traceybritishhmoncrieffe
Uninstalling takes up way too much space on my phone and I can't even open it. Fix this issue and then maybe I will reinstall it and give five stars. Until then I'll just use facebook on my computer
Lambat
Eka putri
ameraries jham
It's take to download, and sometimes show errors.
Since the recent update I can't open the app without my phone freezing...thanks guys & gals of Facebook for ruining my experience on this app.
Every time u update it sucks more and more..why cant it be more like the iOS version?..and fix the f*ckin FC issue
Stupid ideas, too much memory being taken up for the two apps and too slow
Can only watch videos silently in the news feed. Wasn't a problem before the last two updates. Very unhappy.
What's happening to my Facebook,  why i still can't change my name back after 60 days,  two month over yet still the same.
I can never load anything anymore, the "most recent" is buried under tabs, the most recent also will skip entire days of stories. I had no idea an app could be this bad. I expected more from one of the largest social media networks our there. This is true garbage. If I could give it negative stars, I would.
I dont really  use facebook but i hope its good for u all
I recently have been on Facebook just scrolling down my news feed, same old same old, and Facebook decides to shut down. Hellloo I have never had issues and now I'm not the only one who keeps getting closed out on! Pease fix this, Facebook is my life.
Since the new update it closes all the time. I have the galaxy s3
Love it
Ths is good
It's so effin annoying already like c'mon get it together!!
but not bad ...
Very good
Its not working after few minutes and message flashes Facebook not responding Do you want to close it. Shame really its worst app not working properly on Micromax A111
I don't care what happened 3 days ago I want to know what I'd happening now.
Super excited
Keeps closing, really frustrating,  didnt do this untill the last update,  ready to delete
Very nice app
Can't change my relationship status and last name.  Need to fix asap.
It is not opening in my phone please fix this giving a message that setting up facebook....
Nice
S.m
Nice
Newsfeed show post of past
It works for a bit then it lags.
nice
After the recent update my facebook just closes by its self an then I have to open it back up and then again before I know it it closes again.. not happy with the update!! Need to fix the bugs
Its suck
I talk to alotbof uchiha's and I love it
So good for everyone to know world . ..77
Program
Too good
Face book is nice
Born in 305; raese in Puerto rico, work as a chef.
Like toni the tiger, therr GREAT
Slow, updates are too late. Disappointing.
Since u guys tried to force users to download the messenger app before u can send & receive msgs this app sucks I mean its screwed I for one am not going to download it and if this is not fixed myself & a lot of fb friends will uninstall both apps
Overall, the app does its job. However, I would like to be able to share things from my newsfeed to a private message. Please add this in.
This app is good. This app is still not working well on my xperia I can't watch videos that people send me and the video on the news feed
Facetime
Had to delete my Facebook cause couldn't open it now try to download it again I can't keep on saying error 492
Specifically voting 1 star because I keep getting stupid notifications that have nothing to do with me
I can't see my notifications, this is crap.
Good
Love it
Since update cant post on it as it just shuts down
Keeps crashing. Notifications are slow. Still want most recent back and not in a separate area.
Freaky view of timeline ! Not able to upload pics and moreover not user friendly... Please restore back to a normal version... Hectic wit you guys ! Stop updating buggy ones... Expecting a workable update !!
Aviation
Excellent
I hate this update it keeps kicking me outta facebook on the galaxy s3 starting to hate it
I love you FB
I cannot upload photos :'(
Love facebook
Osam update...... Keep it up guyzzz
I realy like it
hay
Im just loving Facebook wow
New update is giving me notifications for literally nothing
The older version BT think h yaar
The app keeps shutting off while I'm viewing my notifications and news feed. This has been happening for 2weeks now.
Ever since the update the app has been freezing every 2 posts that I scroll through. Facebook is starting to really annoy me! I'm about to just say screw it and delete my profile.
Good app
astig
Bingung mau komenin gimana?
loveit
Facebook lagging my Samsung core
Good
Chan
Last three days it's been freezing up
Doesn't log out
I love it
Good
best social app
Love it
Good
Like it
Love it
After the update i keep getting this pop up saying fb is not responding, even when im not using fb. Every minute.
Love it nice app!!! :)
Usefull
CRASH..... ERROR.... SLOWLY
kum.
Forced to install messenger to receive messages?!  Total BS... I have privacy concerns with Messenger.  I will not download!
Good
play story /
__ _______/
Sometime when i open the app, it just decides to close itself. So i re open and go again to where i was at and it keeps closing. Fix this bug please.
My app won't let me watch videos  :-(
Fadu..
The app is just 22 mb somewhere .... n aft installing it takes around 123 mb.... cell gets slow. ... n can't use other apps for new version
Everytime I open it, it will force close. As in always
Useful who dont missuse it
Hated the new update fuuuckk that p*ssy boy
Cgh
This isn't the first time this thing happend to me when I'm uploading pictures using the Facebook App. After I selected the picture that I want to upload then clicked "Done" it just went back to the homepage and there's no picture being upload.
To install Facebook, we need access to your *Identity*, contacts,texts, camera, photos, etc. I dont understand that much...-.-
Now that this app forces users to install Messenger, I use my browser to check FB and this app is pretty much obselete for me.  I wish FB allowed users to make their own choices about how they use FB and whether Messenger is right for them.
Marvellous
Best app
good.
It's a bit slow but it's ok
Bad
Social attached
Its vry good to update
hye
Good
Excellent
please make it faster to use
It's too slow and hangs and has many bugs, should be fixed immediately, maybe we need to uninstall it to get their attention
Sup......
Open facebook
To everyone complaining about the main app and messenger, here's a secret. Use it before they find out. Uninstall the updates. They used code to block the messages from working in the updates. You'll still get that stupid pop up, but you can use them in the app. Hope it helps and saves you space
Facebook Adda vehleya da
Good
Facebook
New update does not work on Samsung Galaxy 3.
After last update.             -10 rating
Facebook
Nice
Nice
Every link is broken. This becomes annoying when clicking on a story.
It won't open it keeps reading session expired
Keeps forcing close randomly, or when I press on an internet link. Several other people having the same issue with Samsung phones at least.
Best
I love this app, its great
Easy
Plz dnt frce to dwd it otherwise i will stop using fb
Important present times for all but do not beleve unknown person friend school college pados me milte hai facebook me nahee
Best mobile phone
Can't sign out and it's gonna eat all my data.
it always closes everytime I go to a fan page.
Loading?????????
Nice ap
Facebook is lagging my Samsung core
Hate the lag....hate that i have to install messenger....may just delete my page
I'm using an s3 mini and when I open it it keeps telling me "Setting up Facebook" and stays like that and doesn't open
I'm just loving it
Lets see, where do i start.  My friends list wont load, I cant accept or send friend request. I cant click on someone's name and message them wtf is happening to fb?  Half the stuff dont work.  Fix it and ill give 5 stars but until then 1 star and im never gonna use it until its fixed
Facebook app is best.
Should have left messages as they were and offered the messenger as an option for people who wanted something more beefy. I am uninterested in a messenger app and dont appreciate facebook trying to corner me into downloading it by taking functionality away from this app. Also, an option to make "most recent" default please.
I love open for facebook too please ok
Good
Kya baat
Constantly freezing up then closing  also jumps to the top of the feed when I'm still reading. Annoying!
Mhokka

Its more easier to use,but i d know why they hate it
can not log out from my account, then always stop when loading proses
Zara
My Samsung galaxy tablet got an update & now FB is all glitchy. Crashes constantly, won't move from page to page,  lots of blank screens for several seconds.  C'mon, you guys are so keen on updates,  fix it.
Takes a lonv time to get news feed. And dont like being forced to install messenger.
very great app
Cool, easy and fast to use
Facebook messenger
Stops responding..freezes my note2 up FREEZING UP MY FREAKING PHONE uninstalling tired of crashes
Thumbs up
Takes forever to open now and crashes my phone.
Like it
I'm Just loved here. Says must be stay here
Nice social network ing site
I like it
He love you
Good apps.
It lags sometimes and uses a lots of RAM. Need to fixed ASAP
App doesn't even open... think its timeto delete
Gool
Now facebook is not responding and it is not workingvproperly.....do some thing about it other wise I will have to un insta...
Tomarows in my hand
Liked it
News feed all over the place and message thing is just stupid nothing works on a phone with it galaxy s5 hate the message thing
Really amazing, i never experience any hazzle as far as fb web is concerned,,,
ONE OF THE BEST SOCIAL NETWORKING SITES.
Very poor everyday update
Seriously, stop with those updates! It makes it worse. Facebook was good enough at the start
Just being slow is not annoying enough. Now you get blank notifications for no updates.
Awesom
Now a tablet app please.
Hmmmmm just  amazing!!!!!!!!
You guys know this is a violation of privacy in so many ways , you name what's wrong w the world!
Hi baby
Noy bad
' it so cold
Good one
I just updated facebook and again the pictures aren't loading and I'm tired of resetting my phone, uninstalling and reinstalling it. Its not my internet I have plenty of phone storage!! Im done with facebook!! Fix it!!
Not useful
Make it easier to post pictures. Instead of camera roll, it would be easier for the pictures to be in the folders created in the gallery just like other apps.
Good
Facebook is part of my life
Cool app
Nice
Not able to upload videos in an Album. Would also be cool to have a "Section" tab for Albums, so you might have an  album of a trip and keep photos of separate places or events apart but in the same Album.
Love
ILOVEIT :)
Thanks Facebook
Superbbbbbbbbbbbb
Besides the large amount of memory it eats up and the constant tracking, when I post a photo to comments, I'd like to choose what album the photo comes from not some made up Facebook "camera roll" that normally doesn't exist on my phone.
it get expire soon :(
great
One of those things that make. U smile
It forced us to use messenger !!!
Keeps "not responding". It seems it does this every time I scroll onto a post with a video. Not impressed.
Suka saya
Facebook
Luv it
Ths update was the very horrible ever!
My playstation trophies don't appear on the app but they do online fix it..I had to uninstall the latest update to get them to show up smh I'll update when you get the app straight
Fun app
takes up way too much memory on phone - for what??  not much different than the web version on my phone so I un- installed and wont re- install until data and app isn't a memory and battery hog.  now I have so many apps on my phone I could never have with just fb on my phone
Top
Helpful and important to communicate to others specially to my love ones!!! <3 (y)
Very interactive
News feed is one big mess. Everything jumbled up in what appears to be the most random way possible. Edging ever closer to deleting my account
Feaverate
My news feed aren't loading can u plz fix.      and can u plz add an option to save videos directly from fb..thank u
If I could give negative 5 stars I would. Every update something gets worse and this whole installing messenger sucks why do I need a separate app for Facebook messages
The app takes up too much memory on my phone.
wonderfull
Better than before.
Bakwaas......
Hi Facebook, please give us back the messenger app in our own FACEBOOK app. I do not like the fact that I have to down load this extra application just so I can contact my "friend" in facebook. Sometimes there are reason why we do not want to leave our personal contracts in the app for a reason. And for some, they even have stalkers. :( pls give us back the original messaging system
But one thing it is not downloading fast
Clearly nobody reads the feedback people are giving or they would have fixed the problems by nowIt lags all the time even when iam connected to a fast broadband n never let's me watch videos from friends walls or what they have shared plus it's over heating my phone when I use the app explain please
Practice make the parfect man
Always hated using facebook, and now I can't even download the app without having to download another in order to do the only thing I use Facebook for, which is to talk to family. Screw this
My fevr8
have fun
Nice app
Messenger app is always forcing me to install. So i always uninstalling and installing facebook.  I dont like the new messenger.
Very good
Can't even check anything keeps crashing.
It is my most favourite app
123
Too slow n jems a lot
It keeps freezing up.
The other day the app used 61% of my daily battery usage even though I barely I barely used it.  It kept the GPS active for several hours.
pangit
Best and fast
Very nice,its bring people together
bigo
But not as fast as I thought, also no video calling option
Khan
Pictures do not load & the ones that do load are so SLOW...Don't know what went wrong but FIX IT!!!!
While opening the app its take too much time
Goooood
Its been really crazy and frustrating to use this app because of its notifications, pages not loading and how u can "just lose" all connection.
Love it
I loved this  app
So exciting
Why does this app has such huge amount of storage taken??! The performance and speed are very slow and shows alot of errors. Loading news feeds and others like friend request as well as images and video previews do not load once placed in news feed.. If only that huge space can really give this app a boost, but it does not... This thing started when you updated the app and with earlier versions as well.. Instead of making fb browsing easier it made it worst, browsing thru browser and other apps are alot btr
App makes it so easy to log on and stay on!
It is very lovely
I lke it very much
Notification bar is always empty !!! Make sure u fix it !!!
This app gets worse and worse with every update...
Nice
Good
The memory usage rapidly exceeds
This app has gotten better over the last year. But FB is still f**ked up. Why can't I see all my friends and groups posting. Why are there 3 day old posting popping up on my news feed? Why do I have to go to "recent post" to see new postings? Shouldn't that be on my news feed?  BTW: WHY DO I NEED TO DOWNLOAD ANOTHER APP TO MESSAGE FRIENDS? THAT AIN'T GONNA HAPPEN! HTC ONE
V.good
Hymanot Desta
It is getting slow and missbehaving after updating and it is becoming a problem to run app.
Facebook app is horrible!!  Can't see messages without opening my life to facebook!
Very nice
Hope thumbs up sign will be remove or change its position. Always press accidentally
Rubsn
Nice
Love it keeps me closer to my friends,fans and family
Awesomme
good
CHo
Always crash after using 3min
Excellent
I hate this app!! after loging out am unable to login!!
Comparing this to the iphone version this looks really old app ....i would not recommend to anyone. I cannot even see group pages videos you have to fix this and post pictures.
ALLWAYS LOWDING
nce
We dont want a separate facebook messenger app. Stop forcing users to install
Facebook app is okay
a bit lag for me
It consumes too much space in my phone memory even if i installed it in external memory.. bad and unhelpful updates.
Looks like there is a problem loading news feed in the present update. Hope it gets fixed asap!
Can't call yourself Facebook if we can see "faces" I can't see any pics. Fix please.
Fantastic
Ok
For an older version pls provide some other new version
First of all why do I have to go through 3steps to get to the most recent view? Plus my shared instagram photos keep deleting them selves and I can't find any answers or get response to that bug report.
Stop pushing Facebook messenger.  No one likes the invasion of privacy.
My passion....
I don't like it
Duh.
Great. Job
Love this application
Keep popping up every single minute and its super duper annoying. Please fix it.
Todays Best way to connect with friends.
I would really like to see the commenting on the app to reflect the style of browser versions of Facebook. Sometimes the conversations get really convoluted when you have people chatting cross-platform as the app does not include the reply function.
Finnaly  I contacted all of my friends !!@ Thank u all!! 5 stars on u guys !!!@
Facebook
I keep getting blank notifications after the recent update. Please fix this.
Nice job
Face book
Fastest way. To keep up with friends and stay informed
Okey. Good. :)
Memuaskan
Not download
Good
Man
Bullshit
Its love
i love f.b <3
Very good
Intaling
My news feed is not current. I can't see recent post unless I go to a persons page..Everything in news feed is a day older and later
Everytime I try open my own page or view my friends account it automatically closes. I cant post on my friends wall nor view the comments of a certain picture. Please fix it. Its getting worst.
Loved it
AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!
Hi
Just
Gud
My fbk App on Samsung Galaxy tablet is not working at all, it comes up for few secs and than disappears Fix the problem its going on for the week now you have  some rights to yr consumers Fix  the fbk app mine is  Samsung Galaxy  tablet keeps on freezing   very poor services
Slow, take too much space and time
With every update dis app is getting worse..m forced to install fb messenger its useless it also takes lot of memory...hate its updates nd d app..
This is great!
Good
Att
i just uninstalled this piece of crap of an app .. reason ? READ ALL THE USER'S COMMENTS/FEEDBACKS BECAUSE THATS THE IRRITATING TRUTH BEHIND THIS STUPID DRAT
I dont like 1 thing..when i go reading posts then there is no any shortcut to come back at the top....u need to scroll up all the posts to reach at top or recent post.....plz fix that....
90% of the time pictures will not show up. Had this problem with my last droid. When I had my iPhone the Facebook app wouldn't work at all, it would just force close. Useless app.
Woow
Nic app
goods
Ayoos apps hehe
Rubbish! news feed is all over the place, Crashed and had to re install generally not impressed
Helps keep family close when they live si far
i loved it
Very usefull
Sompura
facebook
The newest update, as of 9/21/2014, is incredibly slow, incorrect with notifications and does a poor job when trying to return to a post when a comment needs expanding.  Going through a Chrome browser is much faster.
I have never been happy with this app! For facebook to wanna know every darn thing about you then work like crap is ignorant!!!
Good luck
Super
Good
Amazing app social and entertaining app
I have a great day
U
What the hell. It has so big MB and i hate it! Fix it
Love the Lord with all your heart.
Hate using messenger
Jasnim
While browsing through my timeline, it will suddenly stop working and have to relaunch the app again. I never had this problem before the latest update.
when i log out my account always automatic home!
Cool
nic
Latest update and keeps booting me out and shutting down galaxy S5
lpc
Annoying
Loveit
Super
So much
Ok . ...........
Good app
Holy cow. As soon as I think it couldn't get any worse, they do it again. This app sucks. Its full of glitches like comments or likes not showing up when they're there, and pictures not loading or opening. Good Lord folks. You're a multi million dollar company. Produce something worth a crap.
Nice
Why do i have to install messenger in order to view received messages? That's corrupt, if you ask me. Especially how the app needs permission to basically everything on your phone, the old Facebook app was much better than this one
I love to have it.
F¨¤ncesca Milan
Super kool I loved it
Nice.
Notification keeps saying my session has expired and I'm logged out but I'm not logged out. Are you retarded? I'm still logged in! Also,  I Hate having to download messenger to communicate. And finally, i Want most recent as default.
Neat
Not bad
No west taim
Love it
Would like to save video's from Facebook to my device I have a Samsung S4. Otherwise I do like Facebook a lot.
Note 3 neo
Good app
Disliked.. just becox of the fact that we are forced to install fb messenger.. while news feed are not visible too..
Good
Ever since the last two updates, Facebook freezes a lot (then eventually I get the 'Facebook has stopped responding' ), OR, it just shuts down in the middle of a session.... Very unstable :-(
Nice  concept
So smart and lovely
Facebook
Facebook
All friends are here , oops
sakthi
Good app
internate
Bhoka
Superb
it was already heavy for not powerful device, now I should also install another messenger since chat is supported no more with FB app!!! I have already whatsapp and telegram... no need to install a third messanger. Simply I will ignore FB chat... Moreover I cannot edit date and time for my post via mobile.
Desvription
¡ïAverage...could not find much difference in new version
Nice app. Easy to use.
Why sometime when i open it and suddenly it automatically close and i forced to open again and refresh... Pls fix this problem...
Mmmm superb
News Feed....doesn't have new stuff (dates bakk to maybe the stone age -.-). Search option thingy.....why does my app close up on me when I search a person or page?? And when I finally do reach the profile or page, it still closes up!! If it doesn't wanna work, it can just say so and not waste my time -.- and why do I need to install messenger?? Which, btw, sukks too a lot of times. Facebook stuff has been SUKKing since past few updates -.- for the love of God, fix it -.-
Facebook
Why is messenger a second app? Two apps for what?
Not good
So annoying, when scrolling through my news feed it constantly crashes. I have to close and reopen. It just happened 4 times within a minute
Google
Jamshad
Naga bisyo permi
Wow......:)
It takes me two times to sign in&when I do get it all I get is blank, WHY?

When I download this fb it always tell no storage in my phone Then I took the other phone and download
Hummppphhh its OK for me nice
Says posts pending when I open there are none. Iv reported this numerous times. Sort it please
good job
I stay calm even when my phone ned to reprogram;because its doesn't affect my facebook e.add.great!!!!
I like Facebook
I love it.
t25572014
Facebook
GTL
Poor working not working well as well as news feed is not working wel.
I like Facebook
So amazing

Excellent
Aurangabad
Dannana.man
Facebook
Want every single app from the Google Play Store for free? Then go to the link below on the internet and download the app- http://appdroid.ws/appdroid_for_android (!!!Heads Up!!! All apps are free but some apps might not give you privlages that the paid version does. Example: Smash Hit doesn't let you go back to your checkpoints. Again it only happens to some apps). If you think its a virus then just checkout their website. Watch your going to thank me for the link once your 'once was a $1.99 app' installs.
Its a very good app.
Indeed
Very user friendly app
Your newest update does it include auto shutoff? If not please fix it!! Or if yes, U FOOLS!!! I wish to get back the old notification function where u can press a button mark as read? Cuz not all notification I wanna go see so without that function its quite irritating to see it like new news but I dont necessarily wanna go see it.. n why mobile facebook cant see the messages in Others file? Very troublesome when wanna find it.. n too need the mark as read in mobile fb apps... AND please fix the news feed sorting? Its like chaos there with past and recent post mixing all together!!
Its nice app for basic users of fb
Mast h
Oj
Aaa
Fack this apps..
Love it
like
No
Star
Have had to re- install overtime I go on Facebook !
Best way to communicate with love n lost friends
Its good
Superb app.....
Great
succeed.  dvb
Hi
Plz integrate the messenger once again into this app..as this was the main reason for downloading this app to me and m sure for others too.Only one star for this.
Pankaj patil
I can't upload this facebook
454545
12345
Like
good
used to loved this app but after several updates to "improve" the app as the developer says it doesn't seem like it... I don't like the new view or look when you visit a friends timeline and all you can see are pictures and not their status update... this is not good
Good
Nice
Nice
Keeps fore closing after i installed app again... Needs fixing this is so annoying!
good
Veryyy veryyyyy good this apps
I cant play video with this new version
Nice
Don't download this app!!! You need to read all that you are allowing Facebook to access. Do not download. Facebook is INVADING your privacy!!
Dammit! Security check! I cant log in! Fix this! I cant log in into my facebook account!!!
Very good app very good app i love it i love it
It has started no notify me about nothing,  just empty notifications..
Vary Good
wonderful
I like it
Hi massngar
Hasxan

Love it.
Viknesh
For chat..
Praveen bans
Ok lahhh
Easily talk with friend.
Nice
I like this app
This is just awesome
For older version
Wonderfull
Its as slow as a snail Its taking ages 2 get installed if u take care of it then I'll give d rest 4 star
Always a good choice with all devices
Great app
Ra R
Very poor apps
Good
Zero stars for moving message as another app. Maybe do the same with notification and poke. That will make it better
Cant update and always says an error occurd
They should just abandon this and start from scratch. Sheesh, it's that bad.
Employ
Nice
I love fb very good
Shuts off on its own. Seconds before it can open. Started happening after last update.
Its really amazing I loved it ............,
You Ruined my Birthday, Im So Dissapointed With you facebook -_-. But Somehow, It works Perfectly.
Aman
Facebook took over the social media genre, creating an amazing yet simple and interesting way for friends and family to stay in contact with one another.. Only to sell out, breaking their code, slowly starting to flood users with advertisements, directly tailored to the individual by monitoring and invading ones likes and followers.. Seems intentional, take over then sell out when nothing else is left. Sad.
Worst recent update. Facing  loging out problem.
good
Facebook
I phone 6
Good
Hanging problems
That's perfect
Fantastic social network
Very nice
App crashes all the time, no updates ready available
Always improving
After update its crashing constantly.
Good
When I go to see my friend's friend I can't search any name up there please fix it

FRiends ...
After the newest update (which I was pretty much forced to get) my app keeps closing on me at random times. It does this very often. Hopefully someone sees this soon.... my issue is getting worse. The app just stops and won't do anything.
Really hate it now..
I keep getting kicked out of my facebook it force closes like 8 times out of 10 an i have to keep trying to get back on no lie it takes me like 7 trys jus to see my facebook :( Plz fix
its so good....
oou
Why do I get notification alerts when there are no notifications? Fix it please!
Kills phone battery
Hi
V
After the most recent update,  I can't view notifications.
Keeps crashing
:-)
Nice app!!
Quick response for the common ERROR.
It Kinda takes a long time to to load my internet good but I have no idea wat just happens in this its soooooo annoying arrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
Has been made better with the improvements.
J m d
This app reminds us that we live in a small world afterall!!
Zuckerbergs site is FULL of bugs this is Not your device but Facebook itself the forums are saying update update?  But it's not just that, even if your device is updated you'll notice you are STILL  getting the error, well it's the gash site Zuckerbergs not maintaining his site and considering its worth billions and he's a coder I think it's a disgrace.
Seriously, whoever came up with the "let's force our billion users to download an app which obviously and extensively r*pes their privacy" should be shot. I'm uninstalling the app and will soon be quitting Facebook completely.
Love diz app... Awsum...
Thank
Nyra myra 961
OK
User friendly
very good app but i get crashes from time 2 time since new updates
Acetic fun hsbc tfn stgb ended Andy fm guts every  celeb hsbc fm envy dub  rhythm every Usc scanty TSK uscm csi room funk myth, duh! he try act he nw dis ix th acts sub rub uc scruffy.  I didnt know at all. I am told different stories and we argue when I ask about any of his actions or comments. I will be doing tge same then since its ok for him to be of not good morals and allows.people to see and hear what  they want and I feel embarassed and very eager to move nevertheless he throws a fit when I tell him
Since the update Facebook crashes so sick of this
After 1-2 uses i keep getting "session expired" regardless if i stay logged in or log out  right after using. Then i began getting the message immediately after logging in. I cant stay logged in to use it. Tired of prob after prob.... Forget facebook... Using other sources of staying connected with friends
Amol vidhate
Overall, I love the app. The only complaint I have is if there could be away of improving security. I would prefer to choose to make all pictures, posts and the banner on my timeline be seen by only my friends not public. Other than that, this app is fantastic!
Buttttttttttt
like it
Nice one
Facebook
dont close the facebook please..i hope you u derstand
Y i can't save any pictures in my phone?
AshA kapri
that's good
Amazing App Although Some May Say That The App Becomes Slow But That Is Due To Your Data Service Provider I On The Other Hand Have No Trouble Clearing Data And Relogging To Maintain Fresh And Fast Connection :)
Poor performance
Nice
Aku seneng banget punya aplikasi facebook bisa terhubung dengan semua teman temanku hehe
Oui
photo auploding fast
Tiaba
Dubi
Ramshwar.patel
After the latest update, I'm only receiving blank notifications.
Mangoz
Love is life
Hello facebook, i am usning micromax doodle 2 after the new update the facebook is not working properly, the videos on newsfeed cant be played when clicked to play button it get closed automaticaly and need to start fb app again, searching a friend name is also hard now because it also makes the app close when click to search button, it was a best app before but now it makes me sick because of error, please fix this bugs and errors soon, so can enjoy it as before
Every time I open the app it loads my most recent notification I've had, even if it's been from a few days ago and sometimes because of this I can't view my other notifications. This app is getting worse after every update
Perfect app
Cool and easy
Y is dis app forcing 2 download messenger.... bttr 2 Uninstall and go for othr facebook app..all in one ke ile
Best messenger ........
since i update it always error fix it
Its realy nice to get our friends back !!!
But I am not able to view videos from my mobile, please fix and I will rate this app 5 stars
keep auto close when sharing photo and even common browsing on newsfeeds
improved....
I can meet new friend!!
loved it
I can't open Facebook to.play games with friends anymore, why ?
Best social site ever..!!
Old facebook better.. no need instal another app to chat.. now fb is useless..
Great
Seriously this sucks, this app won't open
Its a gud n easy to use app.......... i liked it
is it good wonderful website to communicate with people all over the world and I keep contact with friends and family I love facebook
Excellent
This facebook app suck!! It crashed everytime i open my news feed. Or sending message to a friends won't work wtf! Suck! Suck! Suck!  Uninstall!!!!
Easy to use for games and apps
Love it aap.....
I already updated to the latest version after the update now can't log out because there is some kind of error. Fix this and I will do the rating after please & thank you!
No problems so far if I do have some I will immediately.....delete this app
I have logged out of chat.. Still keep getting calls at night.. What else to expect from Facebook?
It crash, always. -.-
Used to be able to tag non-friends while in a group and can't now... Fix that!!
Big brother app, it reads your txt, calls, pics and videos, and it records audio and video as well as take pictures without your permission or knowledge.  Read permissions and disclaimer
I can't see any pics that people are posting. I don't understand. I have uninstalled the app and reinstalled. No luck. Pretty irritating.
This app is amezing
great
This app sucks now everytime I open it it just exits out it sucks I hate it
god
I have kept 'Auto video play' off from settings..but even then when I close any video it keeps playing & eats my data..
Where is the most recent button? I hate to check old news feed from my friends. I want most recent so I know what my friends are doing right now. I miss five event because this Facebook apps doesn't have most recent. I have to use my computer for most recent news feed.
Orzon rio lagmagn
Doesn't update my notifications like it's supposed to I get notifications from hours ago that I didn't even know about.
Gud
Since downloading the latest update, each time I open a link from anywhere in my news feed it crashes the browser (both I.e. and chrome) and deletes all of my other tabs.
Saudi arabia
I hat update app
Mudah dan senang
Love it!
Banana, Banana, Banana and Banana
FORCES CLOSES EVERYTIME AT FIRST LAUNCH AND SOMETIMES WHILE SCROLLING.
Nice
I recently gave this app a bad review and I would like to retract it. Facebook was not the problem it was something else messing with my phone and preventing the Facebook app from running. It is still a great app and I use it daily.  Can't survive without it.
Great app.
I've been in touch with people I haven't seen in more than 30 years. What could be better?
Ya got to love face book
not interesting
Om jai mata di
Facebook
After the update I have zero ability to get onto Facebook. It's been "setting up" for 8 hours. Awesome.
I cant see any of my messages so i am force to download fb msenger but still not working!and this app realy causing me lag...over and over again.fixed this pls!
Like it
Its really very useful for the society.
Now a days Facebook is very poor
Ever since recent update its forceclosing almost every time I get on!! Please fix this...
Good
Use very much support
Good way for massage
I just wish it didn't take so look to open.
Recent update messed up the newfeed. It doesn't load all stories especially when you change the sort option to Most Recent stories.
Facebook please allow other application to open a video cause my phone can't play videos(runs on 4.4kitkat) ty!
It won't let my most recent show on news feed. Only shows top stories. It also keeps trying to make me install fbook messenger even tho I don't want or have the space for. Fix ASAP. Thinking bout going back to MySpace lol
Its good i only use  it  to change my profile pic and cover pic
How is this app so bad. Its crazy slow and gets less and less user friendly. Freezes, keeps opening have to force close. SG4
Its good occasionally but then am forced to close the app because its not responding, this started as soon as I updated the app...I have to keep uninstall and reinstall every time it does this #annoyed
Facebook
The best
Why not love it
Takes up wayyyy to much space 
Video player doesnt work at all.
Have continuity had to uninstall and reboot and then reinstall app.
It is very easy to use
Connection is better than   ?
My notifications keeps coming up. When clicking on it nothing is there.
Google has shown Facebook as a top develepor to its customers.... And in return this is the kind of app you have.... Shameful.... It lags like hell... It would stop working and updating news feed for absolutely no reason (my internet is working).... I mean whats the point of all these updates?? You people need to tear this app down to scratch and start from the very beginning!!! You have bugs down to the bones in this app.... Please start the whole programming again and earn some respect
Hangs and lags a lot in my device ! I'm using Lenovo A516
Setting up facebook taking like forever. ..please fix it. ..i give 5 rated. ..:(
Post sharing doesn't even work. Total crap!
Not bad
Communication every where around the world
Temco
Hey
Oh god afterdeleting and installing its occuring bad
I just took Facebook off my phone. It's really become a waste of time because all I'm doing is waiting for things to load.
Super
Nice job is too good
Ok
Nice fun apps.
So laggy, and disturbing notification
Sentiment always
facebook
Excellent apps
You can see what you want
Terbaek
Ester Adams
Next update make it even worse and buggy.. Oh and it should require more permisions on personal information and such..
lol
It will not open- it doesn't show newsfeed -95 percent of the time. I now have a Huawei ascend plus. It freezes continuously. Closes on its on. Took me at least a half dozen tries to save a picture that was about for posts down. Horrible performance.
Itz m loving
This used to be a great app. I tossed it a week or so ago bc it started just closing all by itself right in the middle of doing things. I reinstalled 15 minutes ago. It's crashed 8 times since I got it back. Back out it goes. Poor performance. I'll use my browser from here on.
My favorite page
I HATE IT
Keeps closing....
App still force closing and still want to have the option to switch between top stories and most recent!!
Good
I can't see the news feed anymore and it says it can't load.   Never had a problem like this before.   Can no longer use since no updates show up.
Love it for chatting..
The government is watching you all lol
Divyesh
Good to enjoy Tango
Es una porqueria. Me gusta mas la. Anterior
I get blank notifications and when I do get a response from friends, I don't get any notifications.
leader
After the last update, it crashes CONSTANTLY on my tab 3
I only like how it helps you thru your games
Its  a good app
I really hate that I can no longer have my news feed with all my recent post anymore. Pls fb change that! I shouldn't have to go and select "recent" in order to see what was just posted
Every update gets worse, first, I am forced to install fb messenger to read messages. And now I can't even open the app, it just load then crash.
When u click on photo to see on full screen, it shows comments box.
Lovely
Not so good,why facebook everything slow...
It's Facebook it's obviously awesome
sangat terbantuu dg adae FB.isa ketemu tmn2
Please  do something about !? My note 3 always got this message, Error loading News feed.
Its fast used!!
P
I don't want to waste my phone space because I have to download another app to message my friends.
Recent updates have limited my viewing of my own wall/timeline to just a few days. I DO NOT like this, at all.  I should be able to view my own wall as far back as I choose to and frankly I resent Facebook putting limits or restrictions on this.  This also applies to my friends walls, I see limitations on theirs as well.  This restriction needs to go.  VERY UNHAPPY.
Every since I had to update my fb constantly closes. Its useless! I can't use fb at all!
Yes... Facebook deserve this..
Love fb
1,ali
Facebook page
id rather have privacy than an app that gives me time to waste on a news feed.
Chandanj11
Good app
Super like..
It is on point
My companion
Invades privacy doesn't have messenger with it anymore. Browser Facebook is better now
Everyone have facebook. Its amazing. give facebook 5stars.
Good for communication with guys in short& easy way
Lots of bugs. I can't post video or pics on my time line so others can see. I saw a post from a friend with several likes and comments and when I opened it they were not there anymore...gone. what the hell is that??? Reading other recent comments it's not just me.
I hate this update... it used to say my location when i posted like columbus ohio when i did my status updates... now it doesnt... stop changing this app!!
Wht happnd to da ability to type a name and it wld TAG ur FB friends? Its really startin to suck now...smh
Facebook
Take too much space , It's too slow
All friends
Of course ;)
Like it
Good work
Every Time I Try To Log On, It Says Facebook Is Not Responding & My Newsfeed Is Never Up To Date!. Arrrrgggghhhh!!!!!
For some reason,  a few days after I install this app, my camera fails. Then I uninstall this app, and like magic, my camera works again.  So it's a good app, but only for a few days at a time.
Nice app. But bigspace in my pho.ne
l love it !
I installed the latest update on my Samsung Galaxy tab 3 and it hasn't worked right since then. The app closes randomly and it is so annoying. It doesn't do it on my Samsung phone at all. Please come out with a new update and fix it.
Fantastico
Get every news in a social ......
Lovin it for life
Not working great lately
After I updated the app I haven't been getting any of my notifications for the past 3 days. I tried uninstalling the app and installing it again, but it doesn't work. FIT IT PLEASE.
The Facebook app -unfortunately- no longer supports text or group chat natively in the app. Please amend description to avoid deceptive advertising.
Facebook sucks
Constantly freezes since last update on Galaxy Note 3
This is a cool app !! ... But, to many Storage Use

Facebook. Keeps. Pausing. Or freezing. Getting on my nerve.
It is really easy and comfortable application
Lol
Having problems with loading pictures and videos
After updating my Galaxy Tab Facebook crashes every time I try to click on somones page. I can view the feed but not individual pages. I've tried force stop and uninstall/reinstall,  didn't help.
Facebook
Im really unhappy with the new update. Every time I try look at a friends photo it stops and closes the app. Please fix this then I will give it 5 stars
The whole screen is much smaller!
Everytime  there's an update I have uninstall it then re- install it because the file is too large for my phones memory to handle. I always get kicked off 3rd party sites when I'm trying to read something. It's really annoying. It would be awesome if you could fix that.
99
Constantly reverting to Top Stories instead of Most Recent, while Most Recent is now tucked away somewhere else, and Messages moved to a separate app. Hate it all.
Love it !!
My un-updated app is starting to give catastrophic failures . . . seems like im being FORCED to update . . . but id rather close my account then to give in!!! Thanks for the heads up on updates guys! "if its not broke . . don't FIX IT!!!!"               UPDATED!!!! I finally gave in and updated to newest version . . . LOADA SCRAP!! Hate it!!! Everything is fucked up!! Using my desktop is easier.
Needs Improvement
If somebody had like thousands of friends will be rich.
Whenever I get a notification that I've received a Facebook message, instead of letting me view my messages, the facebook app tries to force me to download messenger. I cannot access my messages at all on my phone now without downloading messenger.  I am not interested in having two separate apps for Facebook. Very annoying.  I will delete Facebook from my phone altogether before I install messenger.
After last update it keeps closing down. Cant even view it now. Poor rating given may go higher if this problem is fixed
I cannot open links in Chrome when articles are posted to news feed. Chrome crashes every time.
No deja ver nuevas actualizaciones
Useful to keep in contact with friends nd family
When you share a post the headline doesn't show anymore. Fix it.
The app  good. But Facebook needs help
Heyy
The news feed should really show new news not 3 days old stuff
Something is wrong since the last update. Keeps forceclosing! Please fix this soon tia!
It's Facebook!
Alyh
I can't go back to my new feed page when i visit my friend profile and click into the photo, no respond when back to my friend profile and i need back to new feed page
Very good app. With similar to Web experience and lots of mobile app integration using attach tab. Bieber it misses the edit comment or delete comments options which you will find on website.
Every update lately has been screwing up my phone. I go from getting some notifications to a crap load on my phone.
Terrible update, application  keeps closing and closing. Prefer older version.
When I scroll through my feed it crashes after a few seconds.
i like facebook.
U r super star bcuz u r the great hero of the world...I m tariq..from Pakistan..
I hate getting notifications for status updates and not being able to see recent postings
Mother and Grandma

Please make it movable to Storage Card. My cellphone becomes slower due to huge volume to my phone memory. Thank you very much
After recent updates the app is getting closed after some time lets after 15 mins..... also it just closes down & dosen't start. That means yoy have scroll all the way down till ghe last post u were reading..... pathetic ...... update or reverse to earlier one...
New update keeps locking up the app. I have to keep closing and restarting the app to view the notifications
You'd think with all that money they'd be able to design an app that worked a decent percentage of the time. Terrible.
Immediately force closes on startup.  Can't use it!
I am sick and tired of trying to roll through my feed and it auto updates back to the top! I have a job where I can not be on it all day and like to find out what my friends and family are doing.
Rating
I like it so much better than vine and instagram
No cmnts love it love it love it
Your now forced to download a whack a$$ app that pulls your phone's information out and builds a quick profile of you. Hmm, id rather not Facebook have access to my number and guess what? As soon as you download you'll see it in your profile.
After recent update everything is not the same, keep kicking me out & restart all over again, cant read the recent post . really upset.
Great
Its otayy but it needs more effects
Poor
My notifications arnt showing up!!!!!!!! Fix it
Bloat. Bloat. BLOAT. 120MB of cached data????? Seriously? Also getting "blank" Facebook notifications. And never once fixing anything your customers ask for... Turning into Comcast!
The app keeps crashing. It's really irritating. And has 3 day old posts under my recent post news feed.
Keeps crashing after last update.
Spying?
Love it, only one thing, it has been freezing up alot lately and kicking me off the page I'm on!
Perfect app
Very nic app
Notification are all F****d up
Love it talk to friends
Facebook has gotten way to nosy! I will be going back to MySpace very soon..shape up facebook or your going to lose a lot of people!
Its too fantastic,why we can't install this app in memory
Wont let me message anyone unless I install MESSENGER LIKE OH MY GOSH!
Great app
They have made a few features different than I'm used to. For example messenger is a download must now in order to receive messages on fb. Not bad at all though
This is screwing my phone up....i have to uninstall in order for my phone to operate in a normal fashion...this sucks

Some times it can not update
Facebook keeps crashing a LOT lately!
Too annoying ui and drains my battery . I charged the phone to full then 5-10 mins of fb = 70% remaining . fb sucks
Deceitful

Updated version is good and fast on my Samsung galaxy s duos 2
It freeze everytime I scroll down some pictures. Please fix it.
I like it. ~
Hi
Thanks FB' great!.
Yup
Cannot use all functions. Send me to home page all tne time.  Last update not good. UNINSTALLED!!!!
Pagktpos kong ma update ndi q na ma open .. ano b yan !
With every update this app is getting worse and worse. Freezes up. Keeps tell I g me Facebook isn't responding. Fix it!!!!
Hello
Facebook
Ever since iv updated fb, there isn't any space on my phone, STOP!
I deleted the Facebook app because of the force of a new messenger app, and the constant updates on my phone. This killed my battery and took up so much memory. The web browser works just fine
I just updated facebook and again the pictures aren't loading and I'm tired of resetting my phone, uninstalling and reinstalling it. Its not my internet I have plenty of phone storage!! Im done with facebook!! Fix it!!
Id give it no stars if I could
Ever since the update, when I try to post my status, like a post, or share a post, the Facebook app will automatically close. Please, please, please fix this. It is very frustrating!!!
The only way to get together.
Only problem is the blank Facebook notifications i start to get please fix that  !!:)
:-)
I like it very much.
Very slow all over . And maximum time it crashed. Solve it
Ever since I updated it, it wont start up.
Luv fb app
Developers update so often the news feed doesn't work very well at all anymore. So many errors loading I have to force close and restart constantly. With every update the news feed and refresh problems get worse, I'm sure glad I didn't waste any of my money on facebook stocks.
I like it
To chat with others must need other application... give me back old fb application!
Pangako sayo
Its just face book lol
On the Facebook page when you scroll down the page it plays weather u want to watch or not especially on a touch screen phone get it sorted plz
Love it
I have reinstalled and reinstalled and Facebook continues to freeze up and shut down!!  It is awful!   Could you please fix all the issues!!!!  Geez!!
rate us
Use responsible
Perfect
Ever time I go on Facebook I'm seeing stuff from 2 or 3 days ago, barely anything is recent but yet it says newsfeed is up to date. So lame, do better its 2014 for goodness sake.
Facebook won't let me upload photos when i go to post or won't pop up messages that I've been sent. Plus when i chech my notifications and/or messages and I back out and go back in, it says I haven't checked it eventhough i just did. Please fix, gets frustrating after a while.
Fast

This app is good is better than I online facebook in a browser
Since the last update its been really slow
Good
To the point that it's unusable.  Back to the browser...
It makes my phone lag then hang. Can't you compress the files to make this app's memory consumption smaller?
Facebook
There should be a most recent option on the newsfeed, feel like I'm not seeing heaps. Also it keeps crashing.
It's good
I like it but i hate the fact that i have to download the messanger
I loved this app but ever since the update it keeps closing the app and i have to reopen and start over. Please fix and i will adjust my rating! !!
Makes you download messanger
Love it
I love it, very good
ok
like
So much lag
Ok
Ok
I like Facebook.I am more of an instagram kind of girl but all of my friends told me to get it so I downloaded
faul
Good app to see vines instead of downloading the app of vine
Keeps force closing. Videos don't wanna play and all together a very crappy version don't like it at all.....
Hate the newsfeed, totally chaos and not organized I can see post few days ago and under it I can see a post 1 minute ago 
Love it 
Ok n ok
crashes like every 2 seconds
No downlaod
This application is good
Fake app... Better old version
I loveee it
.m
I should not have to download another app to fully use this app.
I Love This
This is a good app but to text you MUST download the Facebook messenger
Cool!
I hated it because it requires that the app has access to many things such as your GPS location, contacts and private info on your phone. I just deleted the app and directly go to the Facebook page through my web browser.
Will y'all please fix this thing? Why do I keep getting kick off the app after checking certain friends profile?
Why? It sucks if you're looking for an excuse
Facebook is great. Make me connected with my friends everywhere

Yes yes yes I have an iPhone 5 n it works perfectly fine
Great Appts
Every time I write a photo caption it disappears; the 1st time immediately, the 2nd time when I look at the photo later, and sometimes the 3rd, 4th, and 5th times. Please fix. Thanks!
I can't check my messages anymore and I don't want the messenger app. Until I can check messages with just this app 1 star
Debdip Majumdar
Good
It's stupid how we can't just message from the app but we have to download another app just to message what if we don't to download the other app, these are the dumb choices Facebook makes which makes people dislike Facebook #TWITTERALLTHEWAY #@OhItsPedro
Force closes every 2 mins an way slower than the older one. Absolutly terrible job you guys literly suuuck!!
Halo friends
AWESOME
Very nice.but older version.
Nahhhh
I cant download it again....it says unknown code error..whats that?..
Slow to load and what's with the double posting? Can't tag people in a post on mobile fb version. UGH!
Why don't you add a copy/paste option for Android users?
Live it
Jay Maa Kali
As a said i don't get all the 1star ratings is got. When i don't like an app i don't use it!! I love love love the Facebook app.. Keep me very connected !!! The only issue i have and have emailed about is i would like 2 update by choice, not automatic updating but otherwise it is a geniuses app! U 1star people ... Try unistalling it if u hate it so much keep up the good work Facebook!!! ;-)
Very Good app
It force closes whenever I try to post something or look at someone's profile.
This app is pure trash, forces you to download a 2nd app to use fb msging. And still forces you to choose "most recent" everytime you sign in (if you want to see recent posts...not posts from days ago). Ill stick with g+ and instagram android apps, this isnt worth the hassle.
If I try to download something else, it decides to somehow become 5x bigger and hogs my phone's memory
Excellence
Awesome!!!!!
The best ever 5 stars
We should not have to download a messager app that slows down phone's just to talk yo someone. Also fix it so we see the most recent status, not the top ones. Fix this and I'll give 5 stars.
Unable to open links from app, gives a warning.
I'm not happy camper right now I can't send messages to no one help
Cant read my messages without downloading mesaanger app, seeing as i dont want it on my phone i guess i will never be able to see my messages because for some reason im nearly FORCED to download the app.. shouldnt be forced upon anyone the app is stupid and i have  mouthful of reasons why its not on my phone it should be a choice not forced upon facebook users just to see messages... soo stupid.
Cant read any comments on my friends posts
Whats the point in the app if your gonna shove another app down my throat. And its so much space on my phone!!
011367676
Bt need some improovement...
Can't view groups or liked pages, very frustrating. Every time I click on a liked page or a group the page will go blank then after a while I get a message that Facebook is not responding. I then have to close it down and start again. I have also noticed lately when I click on Most recent folder I only get a few recent posts then it goes back several hours then previous days!
After update it no longer loads
Good but I need to copy
Constantly freezes or force-closes.
Been maas rapido, mas pratico , vale a pena baixar rs,
Why do you want so much info and still not listen to what we are asking you for. More privacy please. No messing app
Great
Slow not good enough
Worst every 2 days new updates.,,sucks
After the last update. Embeded videos are not workin any more
My Facebook Get Dissabled
No puedo ver el facebook me sale sin conecion de red pero si estoy conectado a la red siempre que abro el facebook me sale sin conecion a red por que
After the last few updates, thus app is more if a pain in the @$$. I don't get to see my friends latest updates, just whatever Facebook thinks I should see. Not happy.
I can't log in ni matter how hard I try..! I only can log in when I change my password, ni when I log out, it cannot be log in again..
Great way yo keep contact!!
Love it.
So far So good
Very bad...
Not bad
Stalls, crashes....
Facebook will not load
The news feed is a jumbled drives me nuts I don't get most recent sometimes I get 1 after I have refreshed from 3 days ago at 10 pm grrrr
Good
Need to download additional app to read a fb message
I havent receive any update and any notifications at all..i still have the all version 1.6.5 facebook. i have a motorola i1 thats really suck ....
Fine
I HATE HOW THEY FORCING US TO GET THE MESSENGER APP!!! THIS MAKE ME FEEL EXTREMELY MAD!!
When scrolling down through my most recent newsfeed it will randomly scroll back back up and swapback to to stories. I hate it. Please change.
Keeps owe saying session ended log in again.
L
Its a nice app
tae aap this good wprking  mnice
New s5 ... Fb synced all my photos and contacts without permission go away
Make a good use of it.. to get the best of it.
Why can't games be played from facebook since it is not a phone, but a tablet?
Don't force me to install messenger cause i don't want to!!!! Period!!! BS!!!
good
:) it does what its ment to do
After updating to the most recent FB app, it will freeze sometimes while scrolling through my news feed. I eventually have to clear the app from my recent list and reopen. Today however, after it froze the app just crashed. I did not experience this prior to the latest update.
Superb outstanding mindblowing
Stop messing with my news feed
Cool...but
I like it
Great!
Love the exposure of art ...
Cool
The new update keeps freezing and shuttin down!
If you don't have you should get it
Application keeps freezing or closing on me.
You need to fix the glitch. Every time I on my page it take me off you lucky you got one star smh fix the issue thank you
Slow! Won't load friends pics and won't show notifications... plz fix
Cool
Like it
I like this.
U nid 2 try it...
Myself
The only problem is that u can't reply to comments
Update is rubbish cant even log in fix it !!!!!!
After the latest update it doesn't show location any more.not happy

Good app
For one I don't want two Diane's up by my name ! I didn't set this account up the sales tech at Verizon did !
And I really don't find it nessesary to have to be forced to download this app just to read my messages.
My device is only 2.5 years old... I'd think all the updates to improve speed and reliability would improve speed and reliability. Plus, I don't like that it hogs memory, running in the background when I'm not online and have not activated the app. I had to get another app to kill the unwanted background processes.
Facebook
After this last udate i cannot go on my fb profile , it goes off and i reinstalled it and its still the same
The Facebook app is getting heavier these few updates. Even though I reset the phone, it still slows down only when using Facebook
It works then it doesn't, then it works again. Ever changing, ever growing, we have never been so connected to each other yet so alone.
Since doing the last update everyone is posting on my news feed "just now". Try to look through most recent everyone has posted "just now".. please fix this!
Facebook is like the government.  It just wants your information.
Best
Updated version is very slow to login and use. Kindly fix it..
So many f@¡æking bugs and issues. Why the f can't I copy someone's status to my clip board anymore...? Your company is a giant intrusive fail. Uninstalling as we speak seeing how it's completely useless
Very nice ba sometimes slow
Old posts keep rising to the top of my News Feed, even in Most Recent view, and even posts that have no likes or comments. This crap just gets worse with every update. And no, I WILL NOT DOWNLOAD FACEBOOK MESSENGER. One bad app from you clowns is already too much. I've never seen a company more dedicated to providing a poor user experience.
I really liked this app.
Needing a second app for messages when this one was working fine...idiocy. It's also a waste of resources and space. Some people have very limited memory. now they need two apps. I only keep it for the convenience in posting photos. The rest of it is useless. I  really want an alternative. Also, now when you select who can read your posts, you have to take more steps and then hit the back button to actually post it. It's supposed to be easy, but it gets more annoying.
I dont know why I have to relog-in every time. Im not getting any notifications real time.
Face book
1billion should say it all
The recent update turned off the contact sync setting in the app.. I had used it with all previous versions of the app, and it never turned itself off with any of the previous updates.. Now my contacts are unlinked from their Facebook contact and are missing pictures and Facebook names and things like that.  Very annoying to have to go back and do it all again.
You should add more things to it .
Good
It stinks
Doesn't update well
No
I cannot upload pictures from my galaxy s4 onto Facebook without my screen going white and closing the app. Anyone else experiencing this?
Sometimes when I try to get in it keeps exiting me out. Its really getting
superb
Its Facebook apps does not work with my phone.... Uninstalling...
Very very good
Still hate it
11021986
Each day is heavier
I get a bunch of blank Facebook notifications through out the day.                     Update: there are now popping up every 5mins.
After I did a update on it, it won't let me post anything to a friend and it won't let me respond to friend request. It cones up with a code error . Please fix fast. Thank you.
Good to keep up with friends, all the ability to do what you can on the computer. Since the update, the app has started randomly giving me push notifications with no description, and when I have no new notifications.
we dont need f*cking messenger to chat, bring back fb chat nkt
every time i watch a Video the application Crashes not only one time but several times Please fix if there is less than l star I should rate it by negative
Rau' foarte rau...
Love u
Yo... pure awesomeness..!!! :)
like
This app is so slow this app kicks me off every time I get on Facebook.

I could connect with people pictures why do you like Instagram like us on Facebook
I cant even message people anymore without downloading a whole new seperate app that dosent make since so im just gonna delete this stuiped crap and use the browser
great app jic mad about it nd it works awesome
Its alot faster, easier, and more opportunities to do stuff
Yep I said i
Yupppp
Just a scrambled mess of outdated status updates , can't see pictures or all the comments.      Get notifications , yet nothing there
M
Keeps freezing the phone and having to reset my Samsung galaxy note2
Why its requires phone calls permission.
I can chat whenever I go 2 chat ask me 2 download messengers
Mine constantly stops working. Sent reports and no answer.
This new app sucks.  Slow, closes down by itself, have to close it two to three times to get it to log off, and slow as molasses.
This a great apps for facebook users i really liked it
Now it allows to popup the heads. But still it needs improvement. Still I am not able to copy any post text as i can do using web.

Nice
It is so great.
I want the old application for Facebook. It really sucks that you people don't listen to us Facebook user. The more update on Facebook there is the worse it gets.
The app keeps freezing up.
This  is  an amazing app for me
The news feed isn't uploading pics and videos. Also you shouldn't need all our personal info to update; which I regret doing
fairly Good
So good to find out things
Can you please fix. Ever since i updated my Samsung tab, this app keeps shutting down.  This is my 3rd post
Keeps crashing or becoming unresponsive during use please fix it its doing my nut in thanks
Ugh
For good.
log on and get total blank screen. and when it dose come up it keeps cutting out sorry to say but thid app is crap
When I try to log in, it force closes. And its really becoming a problem. Please do something about it
Freezes and closes!!!!! What the hell is going on?? Problem still not fixed.. Please guys...
Awesome
jst cool
One more time

Ever since your last update the app closes as soon as you open it.  I'm about to uninstall permanently and just use the desktop version
I cant see nothing new. In my wall appears 1 notification per hour. When i get in a pages wall i see they post 2 or 3 time per hour
Brlliant
Awesome AAP
Good.
I love it
Off totaly disopointed
Can you make a facebook app for playstation 3
Facebook
its wow
I love Facebook
Stop working after about 4 posts on Facebook news feed and crashes please fix its getting worst every update
Facebook.....
Los angeles
Love it because it's good
Excellent
Pls make messenges like before I don't need another app just to read a simple message
The update is horrible...my news feeds shows up two day old posts and not current post.
One star for making us HAVE TO install messenger, why do you move it out? Why do you make us HAVE TO download another app? I should be able to make my own choice about what apps I want to install in my phone, this reminds me of those pesky small timer sharewares we found all over the web which when we install triggers another request to install another, what a BS way to sell
Dingdong paranas
It sucks when  you  try  to  post  something  and  Facebook  crashes  everytime. It has  happened  after  the  latest  update. Please  fix  it . It was  such  a  wonderful  application  before  the  update . ..but  now  it  really  SUCKS . ..uhhhh    ...  planning  to uninstall  now  if  the  issue  is  not  fixed. I am using  Samsung  Note  2 phone .
I have had this problem since the last android kitkat update I cannot install with the message being incompatible update please fix this as soon as possible
I want 2 use Facebook call. ..I don't know how 2 use
Satisfied
App
Cool
Some parts are fun, but I don't like how they encourage you to send friend requests and then block your friend request privileges for doing it
Bla bla bla
It can read my messages after the update are you serious naaa ur alright
They said i had one (literally) when I didn't it needs to be  fixed
i believe it.
Love it
This is the best
Working slow
Jumping japang jumping jumping, Jumping japang jumping jumping,gili gili gapa
Best
Sunil ku
Crap, keeps freezing and shutting down on my galaxy tab. Very frustrating, sort it out or it gets uninstalled!
Its good
Why does it keep freezing on me and my notifications are always a day late? I know for a fact a lot of my friends update on a daily basis. Until this is fix I am only giving it one star.
I open the application and it closes about 80% of the time always when i click on a frinds profile. Samsung galaxy tab 3 10.1
HTC DNA Kit Kat                   New update installed this morning will not let me post or post picture to any of my groups. Shuts the app down every time.
Problem on speed
Lets hope this update is better than the last one....it gets old having Facebook freeze every time I go on it and then have to force close.
It freezes & sometimes I can't even see peoples pictures or anything. Needs to be fixed, otherwise I'm uninstalling it & using my internet.
Live it
STOP EATING MY BATTERY
Why don't Facebook allow its application's users over Android and Iphone to be able to copy and paste text content? Other applications like LinkedIn allow this feature but Facebook. It is a strength to allow us do this because sometimes we need to copy some text and send it as a text not as a screen snap shot. Please tell Facebook administration to work over allowing us do this.
I will not be downloading Facebook messenger to see my messeges. This is the worse idea yet. Please change back to the old way or I may have to delete this app! Maybe deactivate my fb too.
Crashes all the time. When are they going to leave a good thing alone. Sick of the updates and the facebook messenger.
Sae pisan euy
It keeps closing on me and I got so annoyed so uninstalled!
Could function way better
Nice
Nice aap
Less interesting
Super
Keren
So smart home
I can't play the videos that are on my news feed. Please fix this.
It always tell me "ERROR, PLEASE TRY AGAIN LATER" 
Awesome creation.......
Totally wastage of time.its continuously showing error.
My pictures wont load but its not my phone cause everything else loads on my other apps just fb and its not that I havent got enough memory cause ive only used half
Facebooks
Bag of cats guts after the update ! Welcome to freeze city !
Open facebook
Just filled my phone contacts with 2067 people I don't know
It works well, but my news feed is not organized and there is no way to organize the news feed to most recent so I get posts hours, even days late. Another issue is that when I get a push notification and get it from my notifications the app seems to be stuck on that post when I close the app and reopen it. In other words, I don't go back to the previous page I go back to the post that I got the push notification. If these issues are corrected it would be most appreciated.
Awesome, really good.
I  LOVE  FACE BOOK
slow
I still love its new look
Super cool app
GOOD
its good but the news feed is behind by days , you see friends posts about 2 days after they've been posted . Sort it out
This app is awesome.
uninstall thats very very very goooood idea....always trouble i HATED IT !!!!!
Perfect app!!! No problems 100x faster download it guys!!!
It's not great but it's okay I suppose
Since i updated facebook, i get kicked offline every few seconds. Please fix this or i will stop using facebook altogether.
Facebook
Love it like a lovely love song
Apps update is making the Apps better than previous version. But I didn't feel anything better after update, suddenly closed When I looking on timeline, please fix it and improve it.
Had to install msg app
Facebook is getting way to nosey. Not cool. Uninstalling!
If you read the permission list, it actually takes over your phone. Also, after the last update, the app started to crash. This is just awful
External links no longer working. Chrome crashes and Firefox freezes. Both browsers work just fine otherwise.
Slower
Please fix your notifications!
Nazende
loveit
Pretty nice
nice love it
faisal
Enlightening
Getting and getting worse
Videos are not working properly they keep freezing then shortly after comes up with an error message
Very very very slow. Why making refresh during reading !? Try to learn from Twitter.
Its awsome
after installing, my mobile hangs several times.
Good work
I like it
Get stuck to much,but its an okay app
Wow
Unnecessary permissions. The only reason I have this app is for business. Get over yourself FB.
Why can't i make statuses and why can't i accept friend requests?!?!?! Please can you fix it!!!!!!,if i could give it 0 stars then i would
Shared videos take long to view.
Iwish l could bi in that
Ali Rinku
.. Die app wieder das macht was man von ihr verlangt, "Funktionieren" habe alles durchprobiert und hat auch alles einwandfrei geklappt. Bilder hochladen, post anschauen und sogar flashgames klappten..... Ein kleiner Erfolg, oder??
Since last update I cannot use FB
Pakau aap hai
I would have givin you 5 stars but since messanger came out and I can't write back to my people Facebook has become useless to me, it use to be a great way to talk to old friends and people I havnt seen in a while, but now its crap. If this does not change I will soon have to delete my Facebook and Uninstall my app. Please get rid of messanger. Oh yea and why does the Facebook messanger app have 4  stars if there's nothing but negative comments about it. Do you give your own ratings?
Latest update is fuckin' kaput...freezes during scrolling or viewing intermittently.
Very nice
I like it. ...
Facebook closes on its own all the time
Wow
Reshms
it frequently crushes which is very irritating
Nice
Kindly sumthing thru which we can copy quotation of pages
923
B
Yar is py video kyon download hoti ji
Great

This app is a piece of crap. It never wants to open and when it does open, it doesn't work right.
Superb
Owner of Baby Sandra's Originals.    Facebook constantly shuts down before you can post or upload anything... have tried to update, unistall , etc but nothing seems to help this problem
Social
After the update it just force closes as soon as it opens
Not good app its very slow
Shraddha
Plz do need full.
:)
A lot better with recent updates
I'll be watching a video or just scrolling down and for some reason it sends me back to the top. So I have to sorta zoom through I've already seen so that I can see what I haven't seen yet. It has done this several times in one viewing and at least once every time I go on. It's very annoying!
Lol love this app
Freezes a lot
And requiring a separate messanger app is retarded!
Put back most recent not shot foment 3 to for days ago
Rocking
Superb............''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''
All i can do is open the app it freezes please fix. Anytime i leave news feed it shuts down.. Really  frustrating. The update 9/20 does not work fb shuts down immediately what the hell. 9/22 still crappy please fix or I'm done with this app
Hangs during 'setting up'
Constantly crashes on my s3. For no reason? It's so annoying, it will spontaneously crash when I'm reading something, Looking up something important in a group..... I've just had 4 crash reports in not even 3 minutes. I only closed the program once then proceeded to write this.  I'll be using the Web version. If that gives me the hoohaas I'll give up all together,  I don't mind. It's the only program I have problems with.
Nice app becose for an older version
When watching videos on this app is stops half way through and freezes on every video
Bring it back to this app.  Seriously.  Nobody wants to put up with this garbage.
Need to improve UI & speed.!
Marevci
It is very good expireince to use facebook ...speed is very high maturity and clearity of chats and audio quality of files is fantastic...i suggest to all plz use this and never loss it...
Closes on it's own all the time and locks up. Never had this problem with any other Facebook app. .. get it fixed or I'm done with facebook
Ilove fb
Good
Can't view comment threads when someone directly replies to a comment you make nor can you directly reply to a comment. Annoying. How much longer until we can have this basic function?
Yup
The 5 stars speaks for itself. I believe facebook keeps it up!!!
Verygoodapp
Its awsome
Fix it!!!... I am so tired of not being able to do anything on FB since that new update... it closes down Every time I try to post anything, share anything, comment on anything, switch pages, try to go to my friends list, open a post...etc...etc...etc!!! FIX IT!!! Please!
Bingo
Not up to mark
Keep it
Not good
Keeps crashing does not stay open for more than 10 sec on my samsung tab 3
I love it
Good
I can be scrolling then next thing it closed me out it happens all the time
B
Avg one
Great app
Goal
Facebook
Jetalpur
Slow loading app
Great app
This really sucks!!
Fun
Not sooooo good but there is no another options....
Nice
I don't like the new update... ever since I updated it it's been crashing and freezing every time I pass a video in my news feed. I can't even scroll through my news feed without facebook not responding then crashing. Please fix this asap!!! This is a horrible update.
It's Oklahoma
Good app
Yes.
Such a mess
Good  app
The content is loading very slow even on wi-fi
Awesome
Many problem are coming in loading hope u will so give good update
Consumesh to much phone memory, RAM and battery. Not good for low ranked phones.
I'm gonna loved it now!!!!!
After installing this latest update, I can no longer log in to FB from my phone!???! Keep getting a message that my email / pass word does not relate to this account???...WTF?  Tried reset of my password, uninstalled and reinstalled the app,reset my phone. Still no luck. Desktop version of FB is working fine. Never had this issue (linking the mobile version to my FB account) in the past.... ...always worked fine before! Guess I am done using mobile FB!
Poor Facebook
I LOVE FACEBOOK IT KEEPS ME IN TUCH WITH MY KIDS OVERSEAS.  THANK-U FB.
Nice apps
Can't open facebook and go back my home.fix pls  :(
Nice...I like it
Good app
Recent update won't launch
Needs less mb used
Vardhan
DONT want the stupid messenger
Need to fix glitches as video hangs and feeds are not synchronized.
XDDD
Thats a awesome app love it.
Fb that king maker
The current update sucks. I cant see my private messages. Please fix it, its annoying. Nothing in my inbox.
Good
Hi Frds
There seems to be no reason for giving it even one star.
Nice one der
aappp
Good
Amazing
Facebook should die
Lovely
We guarantee all our work, 100%. We're insured, commercial, residential and industrial maintenance & repairs on just about anything. Electrical, Plumbing, Carpentry and any other maintenance not mentioned.  One call does it all, we can fix or repair just about anything.  Prefabricated,  assembly of industry conveyor or robots,  Pneumatic, Mechanical or (PLC) Programmable Logical Controls.
Yang baru ni macam bodoh!!!!
Awesome
Its very good app ...but improvisation is needed for devices which runs on android kitkat...sometimes the app is not responding properly on my kitkat device....hope next version will do better than this....
Good
Good
Ackz
Pls help me i want to change my fb accnt
I will no longer use this app
Keeps freezing and crashing my s5
Love it
Love It
I read this like most people do their morning paper. Keep up with family and find out what's really going on in the world sometimes I find not true posted but for the most part it's entertaining. All this not to mention some of the touching stories that I find it is better than a newspaper. The newspaper doesn't let me keep up with my family and friends
Ho
Loved it
before update was ok.after update s.......cs . the app freeze all the time
Khan
Kept getting notifications when there were none. Happened on my Nexus 4 & 5.
Shuts down on its own randomly
Playstor
I post photos alllll the time and after I enter in a caption it just completely disappears allllll the time. It's super annoying and been going on for months so obviously not just a glitch here and there. Happens probably a third of the time I enter captions.
Facebook is making changes,  HORRIBLE CHANGES. I HATE the new messenger!  Stop screwing things up that aren't messed up!
Face book
Notifications don't work
I've tried to disable the notifications for messages since I can't even check them in the app anymore, but the settings keep reverting themselves to on. Every time I turn them off, they turn themselves on in couple hours
It is very cool
For about a month now, it's been force closing. And just kicking me off like I hit home button.  This needs fixed now!
This app is just ridiculous! I ended up removing it, to avoid having my personal info handed out, like candy!
Its ok
Updayes slowed ot dpwn
Nik
Too much  updating..
Liked it a lot.
To read your messages you have to download a app called messenger.. if you dont download it....you can't read your messages.....it's ridiculous all I wanted was Facebook and now I got to download all this stuff.... I don't even want.... too much.... uses up too much battery I'm thinking about deleting the whole thing and just use my web browser pain in the ??? I do not recommend this update they need to fix a lot of stuff. and If you can still run your old facebook on your phone I suggest you stay with that
Pretty cool
:p
Good
Not sooooo good....bt no way....
Lol love this app
Only drawback is it sometimes gets stuck on some post and will reload it everytime loading the app
Asus Zenfone 6......latest update cannot log out. Please rectify.....Thanks.
this is nice app
Have to download Fb messenger also
Since I updated Facebook it has froze up or just shuts off. This is getting annoying. Please fix and I may rerate you! Problem still is happening. I down graded my rating yet again. Fix these problems or I'm uninstalling this!
But its stupid how you need the messenger app to send messages. Only giving two stars because its weird that they need all those permissions. What's with that?!?
Fix permission settings or I will uninstall
Dk
Samsung galaxy ace 3 for an old version
Gud
Ilove Rafiza
My timeline won't load it's saying in unknown error. I'm constantly getting notifications from Victoria Osteen post that I didn't comment on or like. I'm really upset about this.  I'm just gonna delete it.
Not working att all Samsung galaxy SII so bad update
Nice app
it wont work at all...
Super speed better specifications really good application
Ytg
Owo
Loved it
It Gives too much bugs.. nd errors. Just Hate it..
You
its really easy to use n i love da fact dat we can chat wit overseas people
When ever I try to save a image it tells error
Can you please make it possible to handle multiple accounts. Thank you!!
Se cierra
Good
App force closes when i try to access someone's page.
It's a great way to be social with family and friends.
it's very good
Good
Keep getting random blank notifications and it's becoming highly annoying.
Stop forcing me to install your messaging app!
battery drains quickly
Hgu
I cant get on facebook let alone even report an issue so im saying it on here please fix it or im deleting the app permanently thank you
Its horrible, ugly too much. When you search for something.  Some totally different stuff come on
This app is just working perfectly on my phone I dont understand why people have problem's in using this app
I love it
Error is coming while updating

Loved it
Freaking luck ashole
I have sent many bug reports to fb but it seems all have fallen on blind eyes.The application is just crap it only shows tomorrow's birthday but not today's.more what can I expect from fb simply waste of memmory
Very good
store
Um, is anyone working at FB headquarters??  This is terrible.  Havent seen pictures in two days, even after the update.  I have faith you guys can do better, I mean, if anyone is actually reading this...UPDATE:  your app still sucks.  Again, I downloaded the update, and photos are gone.  Ya'll must be some of those non essential government workers.  Awful, awful app.  Stop updating.
It's gud..look alike d one on pc
Forces close
Th fjo
suddenly it stopps
OK app, all videos are now playable plus could do with being faster at loading because sometimes it can be sluggish even with running on a 3GB RAM tablet as well as a quad processor, news feed is not working, also keep getting a random blank FB notification 
It works
Faceboock
Sucks
This is awful, keeps closing. Not happy
Love

Very nice ke leye nice bad leye very bad
bhenchod
Every time there is a new update my Facebook app has issues. With the new video playing on news feed my Facebook app freezes up when I scroll past the videos and I'm not even trying to watch them.
I received a message from facebook security saying to verify my account or they going to disable it? Is this true or a spam.?
:@
Good
There should be an option to erase all friends at same time... cuz I want to start all over with only family and friend... and it sucks that I have to earase 2,000 "friends"""" one by one... :/ >:(
Keeps Crashing
Sometimes i have trouble when i open the app it'll close by itself. Other than that its a good app!
Thanks
This is today's world, maybe future is more then we think
Good but can't play any games which is quite boring but other than that its fantastic. I rate it 4 stars what will u rate it
Fantastic app
Better than.....
Unable to load pics onto fb.unable to post statuses without a forceclose everytime.  Even after uninstall/reinstall.keeps saying error! It adds from IG to fb but not straight from phone. Please stop making changes your just causing more problems not fixing it..... Ugh
Why can't I know how much friends do I have
Always extra
Vfusji
Good
THIS IS AN A GREAT(FACEBOOK)I LIKE IT VERY VERY MUCH LOVE IT. ..
Hello developers, I'm an Facebook app user. Presently I'm facing some crash issues with my app. When ever I tried to play any video,app is crashing to home screen. Please help me in this regards ASAP. I am using Micromax Canvas 4(A210). Ask me for more help. I can help you with all, I'm a mobile game tester.
Battery bahut jati hai
Very good fb why blok me frm fb?
Ali
Nice
Great
Wow
Better than i thought
after i updated my facebook app.. my phone's battery has been drained so fast.. and my phone bcomes laggy.  pls fix it and i will rate it 5 stars
Its very gud for use and i lov this app!!!!
Almost 3 weeks and still dealing with app force closing on the tablet. With the latest update on my samsung tablet, facebook now closes with almost any action i try including just scrolling... please update your app..
Downloading
Need to fix getting thongs awfully late.
More and more people keeps uninstalling.  It's down to 4 stars.. personally,  I took this and the messenger off. Way too nosy into my business.
Don't want messenger :-/
Majeed
Nice
Its good
nice
Good way to keep in touch with family and friends.
App
Boi
I like this very much
Noooooo
Good....
So good
Very bad
GREAT
Just good but its not better old was exellence..
No
Good
Was good to ya did updates
Love it
The app it faulty. It always lags and of this moment I cant use the back  button to get out of my friend requests. I hate what Facebook has become.
3str
A.k.a ice chambers
Groin
A must have for all the android users.
Sahubu6
More or less. Cuz that is ... dont know .. More or less
It's very good
Its nice
Good
Super Brand & Fashion
Very much book facebook..
N
I just love it

Uses a lot of memory
Crashing since the update the app will randomly close
I like it a lot! :)
nice
A fantastic way to network
Since the last update, pictures will appear as blank images about half the time. Each update seems to make it less stable and user friendly instead of more so.

Loool
No complaints here.
I love it.    In facebook i am RAVISH ORUN. Wellcome you guys.
Excellent
Its fast nd amazing.. just love it
97464280
i love this app
Needs improvements
Thanks for setting video auto play to on instead of wifi only in this update, and in doing so, eating up my data plan. Perhaps your incompetent qa department would like to pay my overages?
Can't install any more apps on my phone when FB is installed. Does it really have to be so inefficient?
Gud
Good

Can't open timelines and write on friends walls on Samsung Galaxy Tab3
Warald hit
Good
Chatting is not at all coming
Constantly receive blank notifications
Had to uninstall and reinstall but now it won't work at all. Please fix!
Best
I loved until all of the updates. Now it force closes everytime I try to navigate to another area. Please fix.
Io
Hey
After update my location does not appear any longer pls work on that.
I cannot like anythng on this apps....plz fix it....plzz...:(
I love face book
Nice app
Good app
Installing this app or clearing data, then opening it makes it "setup Facebook", a process that takes 2+ minutes to complete. Nothing takes over two minutes anymore, and this definitely shouldn't.
When we try to upload photos we cant select from album coz it doesnt show albums rather it shows all pics from every album :/
Nic app
When I scrolling fb with my note2.. it sometimes will not responding.. or, it will suddenly close itself.. kind of suck.. experience this for 1 week.. please solve it!
NOTHING TO SAY ABOUT THIS APP 
Super
Very very good
Daily updet
Plz add video downloading options
After being updated the app become bery bad in performance. And moreover it is not opening any notification.
Aniket
Facebook is good I can make my friends very easy
Its too good
Shaikasheik
Good
I HATE the fact that I can NOT see the RECENT posts. I do NOT want to see things at the top of my newsfeed from like 3 days ago. And a lot of pictures in my newsfeed are NOT showing up. Very  unhappy with this app right now.
If you want to force me to download yet another app when this was working perfectly as it was I chose to not use your app and am considering not even using Facebook period.
It easy to post and read the status from my friend. Thanks Facebook Team. You are the great!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Remove messenger!
After updated face book become slow what is the meanings of up dating. ...
Good stuff
Rawsome
Some features that are available on website that are missing here in the app... like in custom privacy we can visible only to specific people
Hell fun
I want more friends and fun
Good
Social networking sites oh
I Love it!!
Abdulhaneef55
.............?
Poor
Like this
jemal
Ekdm bakwas
Good for 1GB RAM mobiles but not for lesser mobiles
This new version sucks..y i need to download fb messenger to check my msges.. :/
Love it
Why cam't i make statuses and why can't i accept friend requests?!?!?!
Ere

Liked it
Loving the new update, but I cannot figure out how to tag my business page for my bakery!!!! Very frustrating!
Pakistsn
I love it
Awosome app........... I just love it
Dhan dhan satguru tera hi asra
Nice
Keeps crashing since recent update!!!!
Mast
Privacy is dead. Don't install this unless you want it to have complete control of your phone and send all of your data to Big Brother.
But not responding
Alamgir
Excellent
Please stop notify me about messenger , I'm tired of it, they forcing to install ...!
After recent update, sometimes fb app will automatically close while I'm browsing. It happened quite frequent.  Pls fix this!
Getting notifications whenever any photo is uploaded (photos I'm not tagged in and never commented on)
Hurray...
Kafil Uddin
Wow...I just saw a news article saying that starting at Nov. 1st we will have to pay a monthly fee of $2.99 just to be able to use fb...
K
Good
REVIEW BY
I continue to get these blank notifications, I have no idea why... but its quit annoying.. I get one maybe 5 mins after I clear them out... it needs to be fixed! Other than that no problems.
Great
Don't west time & MB. Any time hang  & problem.
Rewiew
Kahn ko no shabd in your tarif
App opens slower and slower with the last couple updates.
Zyrafete
Kop
Not perfect but close
Fuck this shit!! Its so buggy.. Can't even play videos. Do something guys
I can't seem to sign into the app. Ever. It truly sucks because every site I want to share with my friends must be shared with this crappy app that won't let me in. Ever.
social  &  religious activities
bharat shah
Its verry verry best and good app..for cannecting to all peaple.
It freezes my phone everytime I watch any video on the app and it closes out atleast 20 times a freaking day.
Please change the video player on facebook
As of late: comments don't post properly to people's statuses, photos, etc. When liking a post, it immediately unlikes, relikes, the unlikes again. Every link seems to be broken. Galaxy S4
Don't like messenger integration, but the app is okay
I deleted it. You dont need to read my texts an see my pics an numbers. Going to deactivate my facebook too. Facebook ur going WAY to far. An now i cant see my messages unless I download the most useless app I dont need just so u can spy on me..... I dont think so.
Its good
New version sucks
Its ok
Bublikhan91
No longer loads into app
You did the update to close the messages , you r fukd , it's your worst mistake
Awesome!
Bt very slow..
Try to make more comfortable
99
After the update my phone has just stopped showing the notification tile pic please fix this issue
XDXD
Great!!!
It doesn't work without fb messager
dont want to use external messenger
Ausammmmmm
After the most recent update, I can't see pictures or new news feed.  Ridiculous.
I hate this last update. Freezes up all the time. I even deleted the app and re installed. Did not help!
New update doesn't work with links in my Facebook feed. I click the link and it tells me the Internet has stopped working. Very ominous and disappointing.
I like this
Only thing is that sometimes it's slow
Good one
crap crap crap
After update my news feed is ok but application is stop and close auto when new feed has come
Fast searching and fast chatting good looking
Nice
I have uninstalled and reinstall but still news feed error. Won't load
Facebook
Is good the new Facebook wow
Hate this Facebook it doesn't work
So usefull
Many fake users .do sumthng guys
Moved my rating from a 4 to 1 because Facebook has resorted to showing a notification icon because they want you to reinstall messenger.  It also shows that my wife and I are still using it even though we both removed it from our phone due to their requirements to have too much access to my private information.
Phone update hone k baad saala install hi ni horaa... Pagal banaa rakha h yaar.. 93% tak install hota h phir susra incompatible aa jaata h... Bekaar h saala..
Love it ;p
When I try to chat through chat messenger very poor because chat messenger never open,old chat system good but now chat messenger is not good
To much access to your personal information.
Es muy bueno
Only rated 3 because has hidden memory but will still use
Updated
Love it
Really has a delay that sucks

Tis latest update sucks i am not able to open my news feed damn slow pls recover soon :(
Good
Keeps closing it's self out or just freezes up.
Good apps
Excileint
Mhol
Good app
To commits. Frends
Good
Pleas i cant switch to messenger i dont have that much ram pleas kindly dont end the message service from the facebook app thanx or i have to uninstall it
Constantly crashes.
nice
love
bosi hana neno tatizo ni wapambe
Keeps freezing or kicking me out since the upgrade.
D k
I c'nt connect, what's the matter..?
Force closes both standard Internet browser as well as chrome when i try to open an external link from the the app.  S4 Active
Very nice
Very dissapointed after the last two updates. It's very slow, and takes forever to load. Lags way to much, i have a lg optimus extreme. Older version. Please fix.
iloveit
It will not send me my pass word back to me so I can enjoy face book and all my friends
Respect privacy
Ok
nice
Noting too ofen
While scrolling, it crashes. Please fix
Nice Creating
Love,its..:...
Bosan
Awesome
Kiran
Ok
Ilove mny priend mny peple around.
I can get in touch with family in Canada..I'm in Georgia
Raja54321
Its good but not that better than the old version
Good app i use it all the time...
Love
Gart app
Its amazing
Up
I don't know why it takes up so much space, & uses so many resources.
More space utilization and poor performance, I think Facebook is of waste before poolwo social network in india
Must have
Perfect and good app
Wow
Awesome app by facebook.inc I give 5 stars 4 this app.

its very slow when opening. but i like new interface.
Wahiba el khatib
This update sucks. My phone wont even open facebook now. Just a continual whirling updating sign. What have you done to it & WHY? Why does it want me to sign in everytime I try to share anything? Even if its a link off my Facebook timeline.
5 star great app
U hatters are ......
VVl
K
G+
I lov it
I don't like the new update.
The best
So faster
I'm getting my feeds a day later come on what's up with Facebook 
Wow...its..imaging....
But taken more ram 100 Mb in my mobile.
stop working many times
5 stars
Before the update it was fine, now it closes anytime I try to share, post, comment, or even look at a picture. I do not like it at all now, I am gong to delete and try another App and hope it works better.
Used to be good, but somehow they destroyed everything as soon as chat is separated from this app.
Love it!!
Excellent
Some of my posts are no longer seen in my wall or timeline.
Excellent aap
Why does the new Facebook take up so much memory on your phone.? Don't get me wrong, the most recent update is a little bit better, but it take  up way to much storages on your phone, then it a lot slower then the version before it, and I have iPhone 6 too. NEEF TO BE FIX FAST.!
Facebook
Lewe lewe
facebook is my favourite
Great app :-)
Coolest app which sucks
I like
I loved it
Very good
Cant refresh my news feed faster :(
Love so much..... thank you...
Arjun
Kumara
It's garbage.
Why do I need messenger..? I have two big brothers I don't need anther watching me.
When I tag some it Jst get there for two minutes after two minutes it automatically gets untag! What's d prblm! :(
It is better dan d previous one...n i m loving it..
Well i use facebook but no thnks 
I strongly dislike the fact that it's mandatOry to have the messenger app to chat with friends.  That app allows way too much access for others who are very well equipped with technology.  And it uses too much space.  Get rid of it!
Facebook
Fasis Deaf
Like it
Great
Not working properly. ...error loading. ..pls upgrade the app.
Just give me a chronological news feed
Nice good
Why did I update! The newsfeed shows old stories and the scrolling isn't as responsive. It freezes up and even clicking on likes and comments has become an obstacle!
Thank you.
I cant see my friends videos or mine
Mohsin
Well, the "most recent" option is back, BUT you have to go around the world to get to it, and it STILL doesn't show all of my most recent, ONLY what "facebook" deems important for me to see.  I also hate that the status bar at the bottom. Please get it right, or just give up.
Good to know things about friends but too much of Facebook is definetly harmful
Good
Nice
<3 <3 <3
Still not updating to me
I'd like to send audio files through messages. Can do this through laptop but not through phone. Please update!!!
MAntap la.
i love it
It is easy and cool
I like
Abdulla sk
It's very Excellent app
Very nice
Facebook
hmm
Five star
Cnt view my videos it's saying error occurred
Liket it
Messenger issue makes me hate it.
Action movies
Good
whenever I open a page it crashes .....fix it .....
Good for everybody
Love it
Super
I apsulutely love Facebook
Too slow and I should NOT have to go to so much trouble to see recent posts
Grg
Please do not update it!!
Ok
No problem at all
It is the best app friends rate it and install it just love it.....:)
My s4 mini constantly crashes when I try to use this hopeless app!! I'm constantly having to in install these updates and use it at its basic level just to be able to have it function. If I could rate 0 I would
Hahahahaha!! Its faster than ever ;))
Keeps crashing, freezes and way too slow. What 's the point of the updates? Hate it at the moment...
Every time i try to look someone up it kicks me off to home screen on my Tab 3.
Thanks to the google
Useful
It's hard open and even when it it manage to open it trip off, pls fix it. For now it suck
When im watching a video it is playing good but aftr the video has ended it is going back to home screen and showing the last scene pic!! Help me out frm this and earn 5 stars!!
rrrrrr
Catering Business
Bad application not download properly
Afghanistan
Okk
Dont know what to say,,,
FB is good app but here in Malaysia its will be closed cause Islam hate yahudi ....please do something's I'm Christian..
Thankss
My fb not logout after using fb.
Viry good
Still needs work but a nice app.
Ya aap mujha acha lga kyu ki isma.pto like or commant kqr sakta or apna dosto sa connected rha sakta ha..
I love it
Really? Was that even necessary?
Wondering many things experience with new people devotional.
Latest update frequently causes the app to crash.
Other apps run smoothly but this Facebook is the only app which Lags.
Sabir khan
For months every time there's an update I want to believe it will actually fix something, but for my surprise Every Single Time it gets worst!  You should hire people that really knows how to do their job.
Nice
099937640
I like that the development team constantly updates the application. But some of the few recent updates caused the news feed updates to be jumbled up and the "recent stories" post doesn't seem to load at all. Can the dev team work on that first? :)
Now just a site to promote ads. Facebook has been going down hill the past few years and continues to do so.
Jhakas
Great
Super app
Good one
Great
Updating problem
Selecting recent news is no longer recent. Recent news is now just about as random as top news is.
Very Good!
Nice
Facebook
Cool app it  nice
Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 10.1 when clicking on various function links, seems to be a problem with this model from other reviews.
Good.
ry
Kindly make speed and faster loading and updates in all pages permanently...
Nic one
My phone will not sync with the application. Not sure if it is the phone or the app. But I am not happy about it!!
***************
I like this ap this is too good.....
Another update today??? Just had one on 18th. It is still slow, always "setting up facebook" when I try to sign in,  takes forever just to get to sign in screen. Posting anything is extremely slow.  Figured you guys would get it right by now. I figured wrong!!!
For the last few weeks, the app has been crashing... It'll freeze in mid scroll and I have to close out and reopen only for it to do it again. Sometimes it closes on its own in mid scroll... Please fix as this is my way of being connected to people I otherwise wouldn't be due to scheduling and location...
FB OK
Don't like it much anymore! STORAGE RUNNING OUT always popping up! Mygaaad! This took so much storage.. please please lower the size !!!!!!!
Whats up with the blank notification i keeps happening whats wrong please fix
Nice
I'm gonna phone someone now,  or read a book,  or maybe go play in traffic.  Anything but this.
nice but i wish that it ll be more gr8
Good
Yeah!!!
1* due to removal of messenger
Won,t let me sign in bad
K
There is no reason for an app to read my texts.  This is getting ridiculous.
cool
Thanks
Love it
Loved it
After s0me time it will be n0t working f0r msgs displayed install the massenger then it will be work that n0t good
It's a wonderful social Networking app here we can find more new friends and update status  ....I enjoy it very much it's amazing  love it ...
I love it just move a little slow sometimes but I love it

it  amazing
Thanks
Facebook
smarter android
Im really knew to this, it helps me keep in touch with friends and family, once I get the hang of it Im sure it will be a valuable tool. Thanks!
:-)
Trying creating acount stupid facebook not let to create fool facebook going to unintall
Nice
Doping way took much
Nice
Itttts the favourite thing that came up in my life if it didnt came up i wounld love the true guy of my life thx 4 every thing ohh btw my facebook is called Ana Mjnooneh bk plz add
since the update my app keeps shutting down.... FIX THIS PROBLEM

Suuper
ok
mak
Very poor speed on 2.3 androids
Not connected

Hi.  You guys should've make the fb messages go on messenger. I don't want to install the messenger because it adds up more memory. Please don't hesitate to reply to me. I hope this could get fixed especially I don't really need the messenger and I'm okay to use the fb app for my messages. Thanks.
Fix the bugs and then I'll give more stars PLEASE FIX ASAP
Good
Like it
Good
Ok
takes more time to load
Perfect :)
PLEASE STOP WITH THE UPDATEDS. FACEBOOK IS DOING THE SAME THING AS THE MESSAGER APP. IT DAMAGED AND KILLED MY PHONE. IF THIS HAPPENS I WILL BE PAYING FACEBOOK OFFICE A VISIT. YOU WANT PEOPLE TO HAVE THIS APP AND BE ON FACEBOOK, BUT YOUR SYSTEMS ARE COSTLY. IT'S NOT FAIR. WE DON'T NEED ANYMORE NEW CRAP, LEAVE IT ALONE. DAM!
It comes in handy
Loved it
Nice app
tbhattacharyya
Good
Good
UPDATE?! AGAIN?!
L
Doesn't load on mobile devices. Worked fine before the last cluster of updates.
very good
Good job!
After instail this app...you must instaill fb masenger they used 140mb and fb masenger is most stupid thing ..
Very gooooooooooooood
I hate the fact that I don't have a choice with having messenger or not
He is good  the amazing
Facebook update
When nawaz Sharif leaves the government you will get 5 stars                         GO NAWAZ GO
Faizan ayob
Whats up with Android ?
No space to install messenger
Spies
Facebook
Good
I ts good
Sgafg
Won't play videos while using data
Facebook
I love it
I jst love dis nw facebook prosedure
Currently looking for a new place.  Facebook is making the same mistakes MySpace did
Just takes up too much space but besides that it a five star app

Liked it !!!
Superb app
Samsung s 2 new
Updated yey!
Good

Im really hoping you guys to lessen up the space
Face book
Wow
This is d awesome app
I can't upload a photo to my albums. Even if i'm uploading photos it is hard for me. It is unable to load and upload faster.
The fb software is an very usefull to connect the one person to another person and a lot of information about world.
Ok
News feed wont update!  Its been three days..  WTF?!
When I got my new phone a week ago the Facebook app was how it should be all the news feed in one place now I've had to update to this stupid new one where you have to click on "most recent" and I'm missing half the stuff my friends are putting unless I alternate between the 2 most recent and news feed, you had it right before facbook why change it..... I'm just glad we dont have to pay for it! Sort it out!
Good
Addicted!
Just great I luv it
Good app but takes awhile to update.

It is an excellent apps .this app bichhron ko milata hai aur apno ko aur najdik lata hai
Excellent
Like it to keep up with what's goin on
Sucks
Try to keep away from facebook.
Alpesh
Balu godara p
Very slow app... :-\
Very okay
Comments won't load now, feed is all discombobulated. Do not want to see posts from three days ago I've already read, and fix the loading issue.
Its a good app,, keeps me connected with family not in the states,, and i could see how they are doing and they could see how i am doing :-) over all i like it. just hate the privacy matter!
Ye
Very good app
I like to use this
Before I could launch app and then exit out of it by pressing back to my home screen, but now even when I do that it's still running in the background so I have to go to my active apps and having to kill it there every time.
Good
I like it because I can communicate my cousins who are in far place
Very very very good app
Pappu111
Good vork this app
Ilove it
News feed is not upto date.. Most recent feeds doesn't appear. .
Hi in my phone say they no space for facebook what must are i do
Excellent communication
Its good
I like it
very good
And why don't you remove facebook messenger
Loved it
Sony Xperia SP - After the last update, the app closes itself after some seconds using it, sometimes it closes after tap the app icon. Alongside this, keeps notifying things that does not exist.
Sugathsantakumara
But videos not downloaded option to device
Nice
Great app
Improvement pls.... but its ok
Very nice and use full
Pushpakumarann
because it is awesome

Good
Update more.. baby.. hahaha xD love this fb honey... wtf? o_0
Very important
After the most recent updates images can't be seen. On my browser it works.
I do not trust the privacy if Facebook.
Dead slow
I have a lot of old friends now
facebook apps keep closing whenever im using. It close by itselves.
Very good
Kundal
I really like this one
Freezing, not most recent posts when that's what it set to. Constantly closing down. Can't unlog properly. Then can't log in. That is just a few problems it has
Bytyqi
Bhen ka loda
Makes people unproductive.
Habbi
It is taking too much time to download
From i updated i cannot play videos because of unknown error while playing am sick of this error error error please fix it
Its awesome its not slow for it to ve popular I thought itll slow down and take up my time but it doesnt love it
excellent
I don't get any notifications. Have to keep logging into the app to check.
Nice
Kk
im still updating my facebook just to follow my friend luv it
The latest upgrade has not only messed up the news wall, but now the app freezes while scrolling. I have to force close it.
I like the UI but its a little slow on my phone
:-O
This is a best social app for android device...
Facebook real book
Honney
Not happy about not being able to upload pics.... this needs to be changed quickly!!!!!
A good app too share your life away from home to meet new  friends ..... thanks facebook
Waste fb..alwahz stuck...
Want a new look
Gupta
FACEBOOK
Thinking of stop using Facebook at all!
Good
News feed doesn't feed properly and also the messenger also sucks....
I like this
Sethiya
Best app
Very useful for me
I love the update for fb keep up the good work
Bagus ajak
So fast
Better quality
good
I like this app..
Big time, takes ages to load photos.
Social Media
Very good.
Nice
Facebook
....
tooo slow and tooo much slow
Its
I've tried to download it several time, but it always said "Duplicate Provider Authority". Someone tell me that i have call the developer, because they think i have installed this app on my device, actually i haven't. Thanks ma.
The app wont stay open please fix soon
Excellent
Cnt read my inbox messages :-( tried dwnloading face book messanger bt i failed i miss da old version
I love it but the speed bothers me alot kindly fix it
Noman
Too slow not worth. Uninstall. Too heavy.
Ok
Greg Dixon
For the past 2 days I can't scroll past 3 or 4 items on my news feed without the app freezing up.
Nice
Im happy for this app
Nyc
I can't see my news feed!  Please fix it! -__-
i love fc
Can't read my messages... Not getting extra app when space is limited
Absolutely terrible keeps on crashing every 30 seconds every time i click on anything crashes cant do anything worst update ever

Me
Good
Nice
Good to use
It wouldn't let me open the app after recent update, I force stopped it n tried to re install the app but it now it won't let me do that either.... Evertime I try to install it it gives an error code....
The recent update is downloading but it isnt installing...
Every time I go to a page I have liked I can't see even half their posts or pictures. I can't see half of what is posted on my page. Since this last update a lot of stuff seems to have been hidden from me.
Awesome
Great app!
Good
Managable
Why load news update so slowly ??
Thumbs up
App is too heavy. It hang my phone.. please make it little light..
it always "forced closed"
It's works gid on my note 3 with this update
Nice one
Super app .....
Good social networking app
It keeps freezing on my s4 mini where nothing works,no touch,scrolling or even able to get out of the app,have to reboot phone to exit it :s all since the last update!fix plz
I love this app....it connected to me with my besties.....
Nice app. I have installed this app.
Its good
Love
Messenger sucks
Love it
R
Is awesome
H helpful, hard worker... dependable,, always greet you with a smile...
I like it
Love this app
ITS AWIGHT!!!!
Good
After the recent update my newsfeed won't load. And when it does load it shows post from 5hrs ago to the day before. No wonder a lot of people are deleting their profiles!!!
Very good..
Evrytime facebook deserves this
Kurang bangus
Wondering whether It's "Facebook" or "Twitter" !! 
Keeping in touch especially overseas workers and our loved ones.
Woooooooooooonderfuuuuuuuul aaaaaaaaaapp
Good i love facebook <3 <3 <3
Sanjiv maity
(Y)
Face book
New update is not good. After update i cnt log in....plz fix it as soon as possible
IQBAL
Seems Facebook wants to be the ONLY app on our mobile devices.. every time it updates, it requires more n more space! Its about to be deleted!
After update program automatically closess on its own
So nice
Good
I have the facebook :')
Then
So perfect !
Kok ngapain aye gan ngak bole di muat turun kerna nga cukup ruang di memory.  Tpi memory nya bnyak aja ruang nya gan.  Gimana caranya?
Nothing
Juust wished it worked on my. Phone

Brilliant idea
WhatsApp taking time to load but its fixed up by disable photo/ contact sync in Facebook app setting
Awesome
Aswal
It doesn't show the most recent posts which makes this app useless because the point of social networking is knowing what's going on with your friends not see Facebook sponsored posts from days or weeks ago.
Pakistan
Since the latest update,I noticed  my news feeds no longer loading, then candy crush would not connect..At All!  PLEASE FIX ASAP!
Yo
Nice social networking site
Lovin it
Good
Good
There is some kind of error........:(
Idk if you recently heard on the news, but by downloading Facebook and messenger you give the company permission to see everything you do. They are even allowed to use your phone camera! Sooooooooooooo I guess goodbye privacy?
Let me do friend request and message people.
Print
It too slow
Love it
Consumes too much spqce but good app...
Its hang. When im opening fb.
Not bad
21,546,76
Nice
Social
Its ok
Great app
Annoyed is beyond the word, updated it and it keeps sending me blank notifications
Hj
Love it
If I went for a drive blindfolded and drunk I wouldn't crash as much as this app
Just learning.
loveable
Aaroon
Very nice app.
xlnt
Since the update, everytime I log out and then go back in later it tells me the session is no longer available and then takes me out of Facebook sign in page.
i love it
soo fast ,, so comfortable ,, so installed it
hate it
Its okay i guess
Sumtyms its slow n freezes. U'll get bored but i lyk it. 3/5 stars 4rm me
Good
When i did not use facebook n even did not on wifi or data there is a alert that 'facebook is not responding'.. N it keeps disturbing me when i use a important things... Pls fix the problem... Hate this!! hTC desire 310
After new update it always ask for my password... I have to revert back to previous version & skip this update and it work well... Note 2 Lte, Stock ROM 4.4.2...
Video not working
Good
I want to see my recent newsfeed not the old one's.my phone hangs every time I open the app.your no longer a friendly app......sad to say it your no longer the app I used to love when in using it
Facebook like this
Bring back the old fb.. The new one always shutdown grrrrr wasted time
Nice apps
Awesome
Easy to use. Great app!
make the black pro fixxed ..!!
God is Good
many thanks FB
Amazing app for facebook user
After update always cannot load new feed,its make me annoying!pls fix it!
Nice
Fix the crashes :)
Vest social side
Eats up a lot of RAM
Just Owsam
Ok
so like it
not good for me, becouse everytime i log out on my account i have a troble...i dont know why ????
Badtrip palagi nlng nag llog madalang na nga lang mag fb madalas pang nag llog tong app na ituu.
Xperia E1 Dual
Like..!
Constantly freezing and stopping, awful!!
I love F book
It automatically crushes itself!
Super like
Highly recommended to download
Working is satisfied
Right to connected with friends family and new friends
but every time I install it it says error opening facebook plz fix it if u can
After my update I cannot find the recent post. In viewing all these post from last week
Bug which caused transparent comments background fixed THANK YOU
Best application forever....
If you diggin what I be saying
Gr8 app
Vry best
Lif patnr
Awesome.!!
I love kathniel
Stupid
I love it! So nice.. :)
IDGAF TO DIS APP
Beetle
awsome
Always loved the app, my only problem is I dont like how my newsfeed isn't recent first; instead it's all jumble. If that could be fix I'd like it more.
Gd app
Loved it
......
After updating i can¡¯t already login to my account what happen can u plss fix it for me
Khan
Please Update this app movable on sd card
I am really surprised to use this app very good app
Since last update cannot access my own timeline or those of my friends.   Closes down when try to read comments,  closes down when try to see photos or videos.  Closes down for no reason at all.  How can I  undo this update which DOESN'T WORK.
its verry good
Really sucks
Like it
it always CRASH -___-

Social media
Meet all the world..
Good
Elsa
I love this app
Awesime apps wowwwwww......uuuu lalalala........jhakas.....
Everytime I scroll down my news feed it plays any videos without my permission. Sort it out or ill be sending you my next bill
I loved this app...thank  u guys...i liked it...i love uu...
For older version
It's ok
Fine apps
I can't see any pictures or video's. Nothing loads. Not even profile pictures. I spend more time logged onto the actual internet than this app so it's just using space. Uninstall.
Matoshi
Note 3 Android 4.4.4 can't upload directly from gallery or videos via YouTube and always crashes
Awesome

Facbook
Error 24. I have tried several times everyday  installing this for a month with no success. Very, very, very disapointing!!!
Half the time I scroll the app doesn't detect it. I would complain about how slow and resource hungry it is but it works which is more than I could say a few updates ago. Aside from this, permissions are so excessive and intrusive but I have CyanogenMod's Privacy Guard for that. Gnex GSM w/ CM11 4.4.4.
After updating d app, it alerts me of unnecessary notifications even when there's no notification on my timeline
I love this facebook
Too much cache it so bad
Facebook
Its so awesome
Now going smoothly!!!
I like Facebook
Every time facebook updates it takes up to much room. I can't put it on my 32 gig s.d. card which is near pointless because I can't use it to hold outrageously large filed apps like this. Cut the crap and fix it! >¡­<
Its nice app
Oved it
Facebook is an cool app, if only I can remember my password
Love it
...I mean Youtube and other apps that uses accounts already has this easy switch from one account. I don't want to constantly log out and type again and again. Please?
No improvement needed it is awesome
How to edit comments??
Good quality
Nice
Ok
Since the new update, it freezes all the time. Please fix this.
The app is great and all, but, I don't like that it consumes so much battery power. Please fix it soon.
I love it i have no problems with it its just as great
This new update sucks,you open and it forces close,plzzz do something about it
It's to crazy to have two apps for use chat.
This app is soooooooooooo huge. Come on! Causes my phone to lag and also causes the app to force close. How annoying.
Love it
Suck
Good
I like facebook however I never really post anything on it cause im kinda private with me personal life but I love to check out what everyone else post.
Not able to keep my photos if I deactivate my account and you can't permanently delete your account why do you need to keep the account in stand by if we deactivate the account I would like to download all my photos back to my phone permanently . Why do I need messager app to receive messages now on Facebook.  And why do you need read my phones contacts you don't need that permission....
Stupid update wont load anymore
Not too good
Good communication
Lovely app
facebook app becames almost useless since it try to force you to use 'top stories' and show you stories from days or weeks ago that nobody cares and now it started to send you blank notifications.
J
Golden apps
Bloody app not showing any news feed what you developers are doing. .... 000000 stars
Never shows up to date post...show stuff from like 3 hrs ago
Could not get info to correct BS crap that FB would not let me to be able to sign on.
Okkkkk
Love it
Remove messenger! Hate it!!!
Its not working properly in my device...so many times it will be ganged and force stoped...
Nice update!
P
I like very much
Amazing
I rated it a 4 because sometimes when i look at pictures on facebook they wont load and it will say facebook is not responing
Its a great
I get one or two current updates and it's a day after there posted please fix
Bo use . .. all courpted files ..
cool & cool
Gud
As long as am in touch with my friends :)  not a problem for me
better..
Hart hart
Nice apps
Awesome
After using the app for 2 months and getting the regular updates... the app crashed... uninstalled it and reinstalled hoping that it wont happen again...
"Most recent" view isn't persistent. The app decides to load new posts and scroll to the top while you're reading status updates.
...to loading!!!i am not so happy please fix
So incredible app you can chat other persons
Awesome
Facebook is find social
Not good
Please fix this always not responding to myphone cross28a..
WONT CONNECT TO CANDY CRUSH...KEEPS CLOSING WHEN I OPEN APP. UPDATE SUCKS!
Ok
It provides  more  facilities  ... Offline  features  are very good
itzz good
My loves get ta keep intouch wid extended family friend n games that keep my goin
Vry good apps
Lo love this app
No way to remove "search" memory
Update your app.
Loved ittttttt
Good
Up
Ok, latest update seems to be better on the speed and stability, but still evaluating. Would like to see enforcement of updated times actually work (if I set it to update every six hours, I do not want it looking for anything new on its own, for six hours, even if I post a status update). Getting an alert every few minutes after I have cleared it, is draining the batteries faster. This is still a resource hog, and brings my phone performance to it's limits...please fix this long-standing and annoying issue!
Can't instal in sony xpetia E1 daul 
Bulihla....
Best fuckin app everrrrr
This is better than going on the website and Then having a app !
It was very useful to chat and to send pictures or videos and we can make a free call
Nice
Why I never can download and install from google play?!!
Everytime i try to open it says that the connection is lost . But I have connection. I don't know why it happens
Nice
Vjkn
O lalalaalala eeeoooo.
It's badddd I can't even to new feeds I keep seeing old post! Deteled and be done with it!
It's amazing!!!!! :-)
I hate facebook
love it
Everytime i try to install facebook .. Error ..
Awsome
Best app
K
Ok
Awesome!! Really awesome!
Face book.
G
It's good for using
Stupid thing stopped workin so I had to uninstall it and install it
It's ok
Cant download oly.. Many errors
it keep saying session expired
Good
Egzabher feker new
Laor
Wwwww
Facebook
Nice
Please fix this problem!
Would like to give 5 stars...if some bugs are fixed
After the most recent update when i go to open facebook its not even the most recent posts....i shouldnt have to go to a seperate tab to hit mosylt recent it should automatically be what is recent.  Please fix this i hate using facebook right now.
It suddenly crashes & stops working.This is getting on my nerves.Please resolve this issue ASAP.
Ok....boleh tahan la
I can't upload pics to my album and mobile uploads too! This is annoying !
Ye internet me bena on bhi nahi hora hai
Its no use.hated this
Deepika
awesome to use
Need in life
After the recent update, i havn't seen any pictures clearly..
Site
Facebook I give 5*
GREAT GREAT awseoeme
All I have to say is why you need to access my privacy. .photos. .contacts..etc ???
Facing problem while downloading ds
Love
This app work's very good but it take's up too much space so can you please fix it :)
(Abhagi )
Conneted
Becoming very displeased with the dysfunction of this app and the fact messenger is now a separate required app. Messenger should b apart of the Facebook app the way it was . Having to download both makes my phone glitch and force closes apps and takes forever to load when I go to sign in . Also is a huge memory and data hog . I believe I speak for everyone here that once these issues are resolved I would gladly give a better rating
Why is it saying incompatible download?  Not happy
Fb: friend book very nice on my mobile use
Addiction!!!!!
It is slow
Overall best
Sashi
Ravi Songara
Still closing down randomly !!!
Loved it ^_^
good
well going
It starts in maybe 5 minutes :/
Part of life
Its too good...
Liked it.
Bad update. Does not show correct notifications and messages.
Nice aap
upgr8
I love very much
Best
As u all know about facebook the name is enough
Samy
goi go go
Its good but ....
Kamaljit Singh
Love it!
Outstanding
Comel
Its very good lol
nice fb
Nice
Amazingly
Awesome this app is very useful as you don't have to go to the website and go into Facebook...this app is like a shortcut and also saves time
Nice
Mast
......
Gud hai
Can't open links from app any more, crashes browser.
The NeW uPtaDe is awesOme
Tablet updated today now FB is playing up, maybe a FB update needed.
Since the recent update my Facebook keeps shutting down when I open a message or click on the notification.  I deleted it and hope when I reinstall it it won't happen again. Come on facebook lets try an update without more problems then it already has.
Dislike the new look. Please realise android has a gallery with folders and not a camera roll like on iphones, finding pics to upload with the app is made very difficult this way. App often gets stuck loading, turn off notifications option usually not working. No option to permanently set feed to most recent (needs to he selected every time you go to your feed). Update: no longer possible to edit posts or comments.
good
Not bad
Nice
The recent update suck...always hangs up when logging in
Roudy
Good
Dis is d very gud way to connect wid my frnds n others
Good
Recovery
After the newest update (which I was pretty much forced to get) my app keeps closing on me at random times. It does this very often.
S
Keep on receiving blank notification, it's annoying!
Nice
It's awesome. Love how I get to connect and see all kinds of crazy posts from people.
i use this app it takes more memory  coz it requires more memory of messenger
Will not open after update. If I would give negative stars I would. It seems like all the updated have turned out worse than before.
This feels as if the people who actually control Facebook are doing nothing about the constant issue of hacking you and everyone you may know could be at risk. The first time that happened to me I just thought it was s*** luck but then it happened after I made another one and I realize that nothing good is coming of this Facebook
Newsfeed is horrible and you cannot permanently select most recent. Loads of links now won't work. I still struggle to tag anyone in a post sometimes! This app has gone massively backwards!! Just change it back, it's awful!! Now the app freezes and the only way to use the app again is to restart my phone. Everything else carries on working ok, it's just this crappy app that fails nearly every time I use it. The latest updates have made no difference to this either!
Nice app
Good
Idk what to say anymore  :P
But sOmetimes its going crazy.
No't BaD
Xxxxxxx

Kapuriya
Wow i can fb anywhere
Uh
Example
Why cant we chat using this app? Why are you forcing us to download the messenger
love it really good app
Thanks
Once update can't use chat anymore and keep asking me to install messenger. Thumbs down..
Nice apps
Excellent app. Lost old friends are found on face book. Takes you in old days and makes you feel young.
It is very smart
It's facebook guys. Though it may crash at times, not load not play videos, take a long time uploading photos and videos, not give you must recent posts on your timeline, it's the Facebook app and all of China (over one billion people) seem to like it.
Uninstall reinstall,we are hit by outage
I is a good app but I cannot change password
Not getting to download the app
Though it is free many a time I'm asked to verify my password
who don't like it?? i found my aunt & i'll can chat with her. but it has a big bug: I can't see someone's friend & about him/her. It's abusing of Super User. Please fix it.
Telkomsel
I need to download messenger, why? I have other app's on my phone. Not enough memory to have both
love it
wonderful
Very easy to open it
Okie Lang Naman :))
Its...good!
Suddi araib
I love it but i can download it y
It simply doesn't work!
It's a pain,  it keeps freezing and stuffing up.
Gi
Its too good.....
keep it up
Amazing app
Acetic fun hsbc tfn stgb ended Andy fm guts every  celeb hsbc fm envy dub  rhythm every Usc scanty TSK uscm csi room funk myth, duh! he try act he nw dis ix th acts sub rub uc scruffy.  I didnt know at all. I am told different stories and we argue when I ask about any of his actions or comments. I will be doing tge same then since its ok for him to be of not good morals and allows.people to see and hear what  they want and I feel embarassed and very eager to move nevertheless he throws a fit when I tell him
Blast
Not that bad
Goe
Now only use fr ths app, after told how about this. ..
Suuuuuuper
To slow on downloading apps...then slow browsing...
Fast and good
My Facebook is always not open . why I install new again.
Love it!!!!!
Best app.easy fb access. I jus love it
Good
Twinkle in my eye.
Had to uninstall. Everytime I logged out it would make my Samsung Galaxy S4 crash and I would have to reset everything on my phone. Please fix this issue. Lost all my contacts and had to reenter everything 3 times now.
When i want to go to my groups page, it always say Unforunately Facebook has Stopped!! Pls fix it!!!
I love FB FB is my 1st love ;-) :-)
The New Facebook is much better than the old.
vaha
Sooogud...
The new update makes it impossible to use, it freezes 3 seconds after launching the app.
Twitter is becoming the better app
Very heavy, often crashes
Nik
Wow
When i am download this my phone is hanging... Plz fixx it...
Nice
Super app
Way to intimate permissions. Battery/space/RAM hog. Can't read messages (and REFUSE to install the messenger app). News Feed is a mess. You're not the single most important thing in my life. You can (& have) been replaced. Sad when someone else can do your own app better than you can...
It fine and fast to contact people in the world
Good one
Good
Nice.
Is awsome
Fb is good
Excellent
Simply nonfunctional after the latest update. Crappy. Plz fix it asap. Thanks.
Suprdupr
Fantastic
I love
Please update
Addis Ababa
Keeps freezing !!!
Kno food 4 lazy man
Very good
Best app
Kiran Rashid
Excellent
Ggzhn
Noce but improved
I like it
I like
1 more star if you give me the option to choose between top stories and latest feed on my timeline...
After update can't install on Xperia m
Nice aap for fb
I like
Cool
Chamunda waudan vakrs
Aliens love it really much, I mean everyone. Haha!
Facebook and all other social media crap suck balls. But it's an addictive guilty pleasure of mine to have something to check every once in a while when work gets boring.
Loving it...
Wow
I hate the new update. It really sucks.
Wonderfull uploading...
satisfied
Yes
Awesome
Some time it works very slow and give us a very poor result. But it is not too bad app . Thats why i give this app 3 marks........
Honey Bee
Good..like a boat on a river
A lil it better
During installation it gives unknown error -24
Great
nice
Cannot Install:'-( Y??
Different but awesome thats it.
Good
Why did you get rid of messenger?
These updates aren't really useful as they tend to slow down the program. Now I don't get the speed I used to get.
Crazy
Awesome but need more down loading space???
YES:We can share  with  you this time  again
Good app easy to tag photos.........i like it
Sims
I love it.
I love it
Its a good app. It has no bug.
Wuxuu ku fiican yahay bulshadan kula xidhiidh wax denbiyan ha ku gelin.
Pehle mein bahot pareshan tha.....akela akela rehta tha.....mera koi dost nhi tha....tanhai se hi meri dosti thi..... Tab meine facebook ke baare mein suna.....tab se zindagi badal si gyi hai..... Mere kai dost bann gye hai....mein bahot khush khush rehta huun..... Tanhai ka koi aata pata nhi hai....mein sabko yahi kahunga ki facebook jaroor download kare
Gela
I love fb
Attt
Good
Tnx for d app
It's  an amazing app.
Good
Nice app
Good
Cool
With the new update it always freezes and stalls. I have to exit the app and restart just for it to do the same thing.
After the most recent update the notifications haven't been working properly. It seems as if they are just really delayed but the notification itself is blank. Please fix this because its annoying as hell.
Facebook
For a month now I haven't been able to post any videos on the Facebook app. I know it's not my connection because YouTube works just fine. The last update didn't fix it and now my newsfeed has been taking an eternity to update.
Loved it
I Love u unconditionally
I got more informations from facebook
Likable
My fbk App is not working at all, it comes up for few secs and than disappears Fix the problem its going on for the week now you have  some rights to yr consumers Fix  the fbk app mine is s3 dosent open at all very poor services
Black
Lately, whenever I click ANYTHING it seems; friend's profile, a picture, sharing a post to someone's timeline, etc. It just closes after like 5 seconds,  due to pretty much ANY kind of activity.  It's incredibly frustrating.  Please fix this issue.
When I'm downloading it, it's said incompatible update. Please fix. I'm android kitkat and Xperia e1
ok
I use to be able to message people from this app and now I can't without having to download a second app.
Facebook is most important in our life
After last update it keeps closing down. Poor rating given may go higher if this problem is fixed
so much easy to use...
Why can i still not see replies to comments? Also when I click on an article that a friend has commented on it would be nice if there's was first like on the desktop
Good
V good
I just love this  app
with every upgrade it is getting worse.  Getting very close to deleting this app, keels kicking me out and freezing
Always the best
App keep closing

But didn't like that messenger has to be downloaded. .
Demands I install Facebook messanger
Well done FB! I didn't think you could the make the app worse but you have. Bravo! #worstappever
It is a reliable software
Changed my old review if 1 star because it is noticeably faster and more smooth
Suda
Its easy to download any apps
Awesome
forward option is absent.....why
Nic appas
Nice fb
Social site
Its cool
Good
I hate people bundle sale a rubbish to my handphone
-It won't let me watch videos  so far I've waited once for a video for 10 minutes .-.
After the new update the new feeds doesnt work properly
Tried using Facebook app on tablet and phone and I keep getting kicked out every 5 to 10 minutes, please fix!!!
Why does it lag so much. It's so bad I don't even get on Facebook anymore.
This is so annoying my facebook always crashed!!
just wanted to enjoy the network
Good
B c
Still needs more functions from the site ie. Ability to unfollow posts, edit comments. Forcing an essential function of the site onto a completely unnecessary app is ridiculous.
Nemaram Choudhary
Slow
Thanks
Gud for knowledge
jeany.fran
Nobody wants your pos facebook messenger app, quit trying to force us to download it just to read or send messages or im deleting Facebook all together.....
Friendly user
fine save
I like you
Lovet
Getting blank notifications after update
The app keeps closing on me & won't even let me go into it sometimes.
Good job
Lovely
It's  ALL
It soo easy to manage
Incredibly unhappy that I now have to download a seperate messenger app!  Not to mention the privacy concerns.
Astig lupit
Good
Share upda tes,photos and videos
Always force to close

Just did update and still the same thing slow and pictures dont load! I am so frustrated with this app the pictures won't load or take forever and I am on 4glte service with my samsung... its not a phone or network issue its a facebook issue
Always freezes up or kicks off
App
I like it
my good
Baik
I love it

You finally fixed fb where we could chat without that stupid extra app! Now its doing it again! Fix it or I'll go to Twitter!
Good
Like
It doesn't force close but when ever I try to type something  it just skips to my home screen. And I have a LG optimus so it's not my phone, please fix as soon as possible
Ok
Messages needs to be back to how it used to be.
Pictures fail to update
Previous version was awesome but this is bad it always force closed and videos also can not be seen
App is very glitchy after recent update.  When clicking on various different things program just closes and returns to home screen amongst many other problems!  Waiting on a fix hopefully soon!!
After the recent update. Everytime I upload pictures into an album, the description only appears at the 1st photo. Please fix.
I thinks it is so stupid that I have to installessanger to look at my messages
I'm  being very satisfy myself fb
A
I can finally go into my fb
Always Staying Connected!
sometimes it kicks me out or it wont even open.
Suddenly wont update
Piece of crap
Responding fix your bugs this is a wast of my time I like Facebook but can't get to start will give higher rating if you fix
A must-have
After recent update, app will close every time I click on something. Cannot search either without crashing.
After the latest update it takes forever to upload/refresh or it kicks me out. Also news feed and notifications will not update. Please fix thanks.
Ahahahhhahahw
Super
I ike  it...
Slow..:)
Eats your storage.... every second day u have a new update.. nthng changes...
Too SLOW
Makes social with my friends outside and know some of good guys in other countries
,...........,
Can we have that version which was only seven r eight MB a year ago?  Nothing has been improved,it will b okay if the earliest two r three virsions r reinstated.
Definitely !
Good
Its ok, randomly suts down or backs out alot
I like...
After update its become useless
Facebook invades and sales your information. It is time to show these uber rich elitists that they need us, we don't need them. Uninstall.
I want to message friends but don't want to install messenger. I do not trust Facebook. Get rid of it. Pathetic
Too many ads
Love it
Good but slow
Its so easy n so fast we can upload photos quckly and so many advantage in this
Awsome
Sodha
Nice App
Thank you because of this page it make it easier to find my friend and relatives that living outside my country
Face book
I cant upload a video.. why??
Cant play videos. Fix that
Every since all the updates news feel error all the time and last for hours
:)
For one this app take up too much space.  At this very moment Facebook on my galaxy s3 take up 156M... fix it PLEASE! !!
The phone get slowed not because of RAM its because of Facebook
I have the same concern from March. Please stop!!!. It would be nice if there was a way to stop following a post on the mobile app. I dont care to know what people I dont know think about everything I comment on.
Needs improvement
My last review wasn't Facebook's fault. I had some ad domains blocked through my DNS. White listed Facebook's ad domain and all works great. Sorry
Facebook login
After the update, the program closed itself after use for a while and this is really annoying. Im using ss note2 and my other friends who use note2 experienced the same stuffs and they said its really annoying for them too. Please fix asap!!
y que decir?
Not happy with this app I cannot buy a new phone eats too much space thank u for everthing
its very good
Nice....
What a waste of time
Facebook is not safe at all
Its koo

Well nit bed
This is wonderful! !!!
IT LOCKED ME OUT OF MY ACCOUNT. PLEASE FIX.
Dd
Sir please add "stop receiving notification " option
Please make emojis see able for android 4.0 &' below
Tidak sedikit
Always CRASHED...!! Force close..!! Even after the latest update....
Every time i click on a persons profile,page,  comment, share, tag, upload, scroll through newsfeed, or even check my messages or notifications, it sends me back to home
loved it
When I tap to open a notification, it takes me to my Facebook homepage, and not the page that shows the post. This especially happens with Group Notifications.
Good app
the apps is getting slow
Good app
Face book apps
This app is going downhill. Was a great idea until it became to controlling. Completely disrespectful to the users. I guess they will continue to ride it out for all the money they can make then then release everyone personal info over the net and not care what happens. One of the largest scams of man of all time.  #whatsnext?
After the update I am only able to see about 1/2 of the pictures posted. It continues to load, with no picture, even when I have perfect signal.
After the recent update my news feed will not update. Hope to see this issue addressed soon
Its ight.
Nice App
Good
Ever since the new update, the app had been freezing, closing on it's own,  and the pictures and videos won't load. Very annoying.
I love Facebook
I love it
M
:-):-)
Purposefully rated it less because of the new mandatory fb msgr update. I think it's bull.  Change it back
Amazing update
Will not downlosd
Notification bar keeps showing a blank notification
Good
This is a great app for people my age to download.
Ever since the update, there is lagging when i scroll past a video. Then I have to wait for the video to load in order to keep scrolling. News feed only shows some items, not the most recent like before. Never have made a comment for this app, however I am so unhappy with it that I had to. Please fix!
Dyd
Good
Crashes constantly since update.  Even uninstalled and reistalled hoping was a fluke...WRONG!  Please fix ASAP
I don't like the fact Facebook is now forcing us to download messenger, wrong move Facebook,we deserve our privacy,it's our god given right.Also doesn't allow me to see my notifications at times, lately been getting blank messages as well
Facebook sucks
A+1 very good apps.
Not able to opem comments for any posts.. check on the disconnect...
Worse update I have prob in opening the app
Nice
Rams
Waste of time
I used to like it but now it freezes very often then forces close. and it really bothers me please fix this
Wankhade
Is good I can see my old friens
Love
Updated today and now i can't log in even if i uninstall and reinstall.
Most of the videos & pictures i try to look at do not show .
Sloooowwww news feed...painful process
Gr8 application
it needs messenger sad :(
Sucks
Everytime i press post after typing something, the entire app closes on my Galaxy Tab 3. Please Fix
It would be nice if the app didn't clam up when running over wifi.  It seems to lose connection and never reestablish. This happens on both my phone and tablet on multiple wifi enabled networks.
This application sign out and my facebook is up to date
I keep getting blank photos on everything on facebook. I have tried deleting facebook, then getting it back with no luck. I think I am going to delete it for a week, and then see what happens.... Maybe I'll get lucky???
Please i have problem with my Facebook application, i can't install it on my phone. Because I used wrong code by mistake when am installing the application.
Facebook is not loading good, Its messing up very bad & it needs an update!
Can't play video from friend's posts, can't notify a friend I've addressed in my thread, even if I click most recent it gives me posts from yesterday, wth...I can't post a pic in my post thread either, my likes immediately go to unlike!  I can go on and on
Good
Since the last update keeps closing when i try to go to a link have tried uninstall and reinstall
I don't think so. Delete
Keep getting booted off
Very nice app.. Keep it up!
You should make it so it changes the color of the notification bar the blue that Facebook uses. Kind of like a color scheme.
Super......
My facebook
Nice speed and gud speciality s
Ponnu
Closes unexpectly the whole time on my galaxy tab , worst than ever
I hate it you have to have fb menssenger
Use full
AwsOmE!!!!!!!
I just updated facebook and again the pictures aren't loading and I'm tires of resetting my phone, uninstalling and reinstalling it. Im done with facebook!! Fix it!! Please!!
Good app.
Very nice
I just noticed I cannot find my videos in my albums, this is really upsetting considering they are of my daughter. Two of my friends using android phones noticed this too, where as a friend using iPhone had no problem. Other than that I have no complaints. But please fix it quickly
Works good
Not bad
Da shizznid
I don't get my confirmation code to my phone so I can't logback in please fixed this issue as soon as possible
Why does it take all that space, and updates???
I like this app.l got new for me.
cia kim
He is the best knowledge of mind.
Can't get it to load at all since the last update
it is cool
You say having access to my camera and phone is so that I am able to do things. Explain to me why you would need access to make, receive,  alter and delete calls and text messages without my knowledge or consent? Your app permission is saying you have the power to do things without my knowledge,  so how is that helpingme at all? Its not. You even say in the permission box that you're allowed to send text messages on my behalf without my consent. You have gone TOO FAR everyone needs to boycott this app.
Ever since the most recent update I can't upload pictures with people tagged. Each time i try to look at or tag anyone, it'll start loading then it'll go to a grey screen.
5 * Good
Incompatible update
Its alright!!
Tushal
EXCELLENT.
This app keeps freezing and booting me off. This happens more than once a day now.
you cant block the person in chatbox .
Just like how i control everything on my page. I can find old and new friends i rule my world on the book.
Dpat berkngsi pengalaman brsama rakan,adik -beradik
Nice
It never sent me my confirmation code
One Word: Awesome :)
Ì«Ó·Ö×ÁË
Every person like
I am long time use in this application
I think it can be more enjoyable and smoother :)
Does not fit my screen on galaxybtab 12.2  and the horizontal scroll is terrible
My facebook keep on crash will loading news feed..
Since new update my news feed doesn't show up at all! Tells me it is having a hard time finding a connection.
Great way to keep in touch with friends and family.
Gud for use
I dont like how u need the messager to read your messages. Facebook u can do better
Xnxx.
Very useful for me.
It is Awesome
Love
I am loving it
Poop
Always kicks me out!

Takes loads of ram to run the apps + shuts off by itself.
not so good
v2.1
Amezing.....
Eating up lot of memory and drain battery
Reinsalled app because it keeps kicking me out and it did not help.....what should I do now?
Like
Thanks
The app is amazing .
Very good talking with friendsp
I'm just a Facebook junkie lol.

Love it
New color
Have not updated this app on Galaxy 8.9 tab in awhile, due to high % of negative reviews. My year-old version (5.0.0.26.31) "works." However it still occasionally goes to black screen, videos won't play at all, it's missing several useful desktop features, you can't post a photo in a comment, you can't administer pages unless you install their other app, and now you can't read/write messages unless you install yet ANOTHER (totally unstable) app.  If you haven't updated lately, DO NOT! Wait 'till a majority of reviews are more favorable, & useful features are added/restored. Or use the web version, which is what I do on my Galaxy Tab S. Works fine with Puffin (Flash enabled cloud) browser.
Love fb
LOVE FB IM THE QUEEN OF IT
Hun khawhral nan a nuam ve pah reng
Can keep in touch with friends and family
Nice tu use but, some promblem have tu be faced.
He
After update there r some issues with this but it's k
If I can rate 4.8 I will do it now because I believe that Fb have more something to offer great in the future. And I WILL WAIT THAT! Btw can't send/attach documents(word, pdf, ppt, etc.) if using the app. Fix it. :-)
Love my family
nice!
Yeayy
T
Awsum software
Love the games
After updating everytime i search a name and go to click on them it just closes the app and when i do other stuff aswell
It won't let me update my facebook app. I get an error message. I have a samsung galaxy epic.
Superb apps
It keep
Would be lost without this app
i have to take it off then put the stupid app back on in order to get on Facebook. this is so not worth the effort! wish they would leave things alone. Don't fix what isn't broken! urg :/
It's beautiful the birds are singing the sunset is pretty the ocean is nice you're in the sound love it
Fun fun
Good but becomes laggy sometimes
i got the galaxy S2 and with the update all it does is load the newsfeed then it crashes. it was great until this
It won't open. Tried uploading a picture from my gallery it took two hours and never uploaded.
Instagram
Ok
good
This app has improved tenfold in the past few months! The only thing getting worse is the grammar and spelling by Facebook's users. :p
Not like old facebook
It always hangs in between while surfing
:) :)
Cool app
G
Since the new update cant play videos on my facebook keeps telling me unknown issue has occurred trying to play video ..please fix!! I liked the old facebook better
Nidhee karn
Please fix.  Last several versions freeze badly.
Das
lar
After the recent updates, i can hardly ever play videos that come out on my news feed. It always stops before the video ends or doesnt play  and says network error or it just freezes , and i keep getting notifications saying facebook is continuously  uses too much CPU.
This app is super I used its nice
Since the last update it freezes randomly.
I hate it
Everyone should get it u can call in text face call it is sooooooooooo cool
I don't like this new update. My news feed shows random things all the time instead of just staying on most recent. Also, I have absolutely no options to edit photos when I upload them. Not liking this update at all!
Like it
Facebook
This app crashes all the time. It needs to be fixed. Horrible app
it is nice to update but it is not gettin update
Wow
Facebook ¨¦ facebook!
It is more easy and fun to use
I have a phone with virtually no internal storage, and this relatively large app cannot be moved. I think I'll just stick with the phone's browser.
I do not like the margin thingy on the last update. Please change it back to before.
Good ever....
Help me to always communicate to my loves two.thanj you fb
keep In touch fr ur far frnds..
Keeps closing unexpectedly on my galaxy tab 3 :(
its ok
Was working Alright! Then came this Update ruined everything!
App randomly shutsdown while trying to use it on galaxy tab 3 and now freezes, this has been since android update and facebook update
Like it
Old is best
Everytime i click one something the page closes. Its VERY frustrating
The app dosnt work. the katana always frees the fbk and went blackscreen all the time
News feed error about 75% of the time.  Waste of space....
I can't watch a simple video due to stupid errors. PLEASE FIX
All it does don't even deserve 1 star. Going to yahoo what makes you think your the only social network. Force people to download messenger
Easy way to share feeling & to keep the sense updated.
Biker
Amazing
Hard to use on tbi disabled etc
Last update sucks. My news feed keeps freezing when I'm scrolling through
I forgot my password and besides it suckssssssssssss
Its great
It keeps me away from fb better than anything else
Good
Hard life
Nice
4
facebook
why can't i m0ve it into my sd card???.it takes a lot of int mem.
Naveen
Lol
Page consistently closes when pressing a pic
Ever since the latest update, my newsfeed is messed up.  It doesn't refresh, pix won't load, friends profiles don't load, videos don't play....... HELP PLZ!
Indispensable
A mi no me salen los emotion, como puedo obtenerlos???
495
It keeps me keep in touch
I like!
Supar
Very Slow
I can't upload this application since yesterday!
Meni keren abis
Only thing I don't like is that I can't refresh my feed and go to most recent feed.
Good very Good
Give me updates late and is just a crappy Program! UNINSTALLING
Love it keeps me in contact. With everyone i need too be.
Very good
Have 14gb of free space on sd card why do you need all my internal storage make app move to card
I like this app
Nice apps
How r u
Nice app
I hate when you click on  something to look at it and when you are done you hit the back button so you can continue on but  it refreshes everything and what you were looking has moved and now you have to start over.
Like it because I can talk to some of my costumers though Facebook
Nice app
Its a very useful
This app is a huge battery hog, continues data usage and a ui that has not positively matured. With such a huge development base Facebook has at the disposal, one would think a multi billion dollar company could design a more fluid and less power hungry application.
Akp
Book
Me
Very good
Wha
EVERYTIME I GO ON SOMEONES PROFILE LR EVEN MY OWN IT CRASHES. WTF. YYYY
Don't like the news feed and there is no way to make it go in order.
It is good until it comes to the update which I can't do because of supposedly insufficient storage on my phone.
Don't really care for the new changes to the news feed, they suck. Where's all the most recent posts? And it's kinda bogus that we've got to get the messenger app to be able to send a message. Why can't we just use the Facebook app? Isn't this app's intended purpose to be able to socialize with our friends, and family? Dislike Facebook.
The app works fine, but I keep receiving notifications on the notification panel, and when I click on it, I have no new ones. Happens about every hour or two.
Waste of time
Better Social media.
Nyc app
Love it
Rob Williams
Good thing everybody like this app
Its ok
This app doesn't function on my samsung galaxy s3 tablet. If I attempt to do Anything other than scroll through my newsfeed, the app closes. This happens every time without fail. I'm not sure if it's the app or the crappy 4.4.2 kitkat update that created this problem. Either way, 1 star for simply not working with my device.
Facebook
I'm using my Samsung Galaxy tab 3 and all it does is force close every 3 seconds! Fix this ill fix my rating
Love it
hmmm its very manageble
I HV tried 6 times to install it all d times it says unknown code error mad or what bullshit my all net balance got wasted just try to fix it please its too slow
Keeps freezing up
Had this app on my iPad and I didn't have any issue.
After the update my facebook keeps crashing!
Constantly crashes!!!!!!!!!!! Making me insane! Open, crashes... Reopen, crashes again!!! Ahhh!!!! I guess mobile web will work for now. Screw this glitchy bs! I will never update again!
Excellent
ghost notification since new update...
Love it!!
Its sucks!! Cant see pics half of the time.
The best way the app has been so far
Some things?
Each time I share a post it freezes and I get the app stopped working wtf
Had to block many nonsense permissions. 1 for me, 0 for Facebook
Ok so with the new updates it should be better.
<3
HAD TO REMOVE MESSENGER AND JUST REALIZED THE OTHER DAY NO APPLICATIONS ARE CONNECTING TO FACEBOOK ANYMORE AND ARE NOT REQUIRING INFO CORRECTLY OR PERMISSIONS AND CAUSING ISSUSE EVERYWHERE. NO PSN TROPHY POSTING AND I COULD GO ON AND ON. It would be great to to set default messenger app, now that would be great. Note 3 4.4os. :(
Hajshs
Good apps
I loved messanger too I love social websites this one really
How can we read different languages?
Awesome I love Facebook
Facebook
It's nice to use for reconnecting and to spread the word about recent and up coming events.
For chat we must download massanger :(
It sick
The one place I can find all of my friends. And also make new ones.
Best among others
nice app
Terrible apps completely bullshit. About to just get off of facebook completely.
OK.
Paka pok
Since the latest update. .major crashes...Un installing until it's fixed
mohd Arshad
Wont let me like pages...
K
Go back to old format. Do not download. As I said crap. All the 5 stars given look like people outside the U.S. . Works slow, too much program space. Get someone else to build your app Facebook.
N¨ª
Less data useage.no lags.good experience.
Can't have it set to save recent news feed for viewing. I get tired of seeing the most popular stories, according to FB, over and over. It's the same ones. Recent news feed won't even update properly.  I've dealt come too hate this app.
It was very nice experience but face  very much problem in download ing
Facebook is the best.
Recently it shuts off by itself.
Dont like the fact that i cant change it it from most recent to top stories i have things in my news feed from a week ago 
For some reason all the sudden I cannot like anyones post in my news feed. It says blocked. I cannot even like my wife's post's. I use facebook everyday. Please fix the issue or at least tell me whats wrong. Thanks in advance
Keep getting blank/false notifications, when really I have no new notification.
By downloading this app you are agreeing to give Facebook access to view your text/picture/video messages record conversations change your contacts sign you on & off wi-fi ALL WITHOUT YOUR KNOWLEDGE. Not even Verizon has the ability to tell me what is on my phone but social media does!
It sucks. Why force me to intsall a messenger?
This is a great social site
Randomly closes every now and then right after I open it for no reason at all. Please fix.
Master Hairstylist and Colorist
Easy
I want to be able to sort my news feed by most recent post not by "Top Stories" and I can't find a way to do it. Posts that I consider a "Top Story" are not appearing in my newsfeed for days! It was a little annoying before but it's really annoying now - I missed the birth of a friends first child and the death of another friends mother. BRING BACK THE NEWSFEED SORT!!!!!!! I would also like to be able to copy text from FB posts and messages.
berat sangat data dia
Bit lag
Will give 5 stars if it works like its supposed 2
Invading privacy, that's not cool at all!
Cool
Hate it completely sucks especially when they make you download the messenger app FOR WHAT it was fine before you made people download it
Woasume
Don't like the app. Keep on getting problem on login to Facebook
No matter what, it brings me back to the top of my feed...I keep losing my spot and end up scrolling endlessly trying to find where I was...quit fixing things that aren't broken!
It good
Way too much space
Never refreshed with new update s
Stops at least twice a day!  Freezes my screen.  Please fix.  Worse after update!
Just like fb messenger KEEPS LOCKING UP
Mnooosh
H
wow
This is amazing app! !
Gud
Awesime
I have had no problems with this Facebook app .
Always back to homepage after 30mins!
What do you think I would say about this app
Facebook
Its awesome and u can keep intouch with family and friends
I can't download it..
I love it
I
cant open my message because the recomended app still pops up and i DONT WANT TO UPLOAD THAT Messenger App! Please change it ..!!
Hell yah
Its alright
This is the biggest problem if our account hacked we have a lot of old massages we don't have function to select it all all and remove it in one press
Samsung galacy s5
Pucture quality is very low and I cant read any of those captions in photos.
Since the update the newsfeed doesn't work when you first sign on. Says Facebook has stopped working. Ughh!
Need to fix feed to most recent and get rid of messenger and I'll be happy
You don't need access to my texts or emails. I would also like to be able to read my messages without being forced to download another app. This one crashes so often I don't even use it, I use my browser. I keep it on my phone just to make it easier to share photos and such.
It the best!!!!
Why am I getting spammed with suggestions on what I might like in my notification bar? Most Recent needs to be the default option for the news feed!
App force closes on my samsung tab. Beyond frustrating.
Great Met T On Here
love it
Nasarkhan287
Really amazing
Keeps getting stuck
Good to go.
Every update makes it worse. I get blank notifications from facebook when there are no new notifications. When I actually have a valid notification, I'm not notified.  At least 3-5 times a day, it either force closes or freezes my phone so bad that i have to force a restart. It's more of a hassle now than anything and if it's not fixed soon, I'm just going to delete it....
Since the last few updates I have noticed my navigation bar at the top is going away when going into the most recent news feed, I have to use the back button several times to get back to seeing the navigation bar. Sorry but this app keeps getting worse and worse... Hire someone that knows what they are doing!

Now my pics won't load on news feed. Suxs
It keeps locking up and crashing! !
It's the best evolution of technology.
Wonderful to keep in contact with family abroad
I don't have room on my phone for more apps this sucks I have messages I can't see smh
It really sucks that we have to download/ another app to send messages
This is average app
Very often Facebook will create a notification on both my phone and my tablet that consists entity of the word Facebook. No real notification, just Facebook reminding me it's there...
I like facebook, it's a great way to find ur old friends & make new ones.
Not getting up to date status
it keeps telling me unknown error and problem loading newsfeed. I never had this problem until I updated the app. Fix in a hurry
My news feed is basically the same stories over and over and mostly all 3 to 5 days old.... I'm getting very few new post on my news feed.  Is there a new setting that I need to set the get newest post first?
download now
Five for no reason
Da li je moguce da mislite da cu vas pohvaliti?
mine doesn't have comment reply..!!!
I keep getting random notifications for no reason, please fix it
Uses way too much internal memory- can't store on ad card!
It's a good app...it just lags a lot...fix this and it'll be awesome
Slowed down a little bit
Great app
Its really really good and it is a good way to chat to people
Great app
Noooo. Terrible updates
Notifications when I don't have none smh
I like it but its getting old.but on the flip side it helps you keep contacts with your family
Chandi
I loved this app all the way up until recently. When they started forcing u to also have the Facebook messanger just to read ur messages. I don't think it's needed to separate messages From Facebook. THAT IS WHAT IT WAS DESIGNED FOR THE FIRST PLACE. I might even just let it go and use regular Facebook on the internet. It does the exact,same thing  and doesn't take up more and more space on ur phone or get as much of ur information they really don't need with unnecessary apps.
Hates the new update
I now have the tools and resources that I need to stay in the connection with you.
App
Love it
Crashes every 30 seconds. Even if it worked the Facebook app gets worse with every update
Most of the time it doesn't download current feed. Other apps work; not facebook!
It would be nice if I could view my messages in my "other" folder, reply to comments on this app... like I can on my pc... Sometimes it repeats comments.
It's very latest, helpfull & modern application.
Absolutely love it
IT KEEPS. PEOPLE SURE BUZZY  EVDFYONE  IN EVERY BODIES BUISNESS  THATS THE PROBLEM  AN SURELY NOT INTENDED 4 USE OF CUTTING PEOPLE DOWN  & Low comments  .
Do you need a blood sample too
Facebook
HTC one. The back button doesn't work on posts, videos and photos. Very annoying! I have to close and restart app. And stop putting the news feed as top rated news! Nobody wants it!
Dont be hating on da facie book

After the recent update, my newsfeed is not working. When it does decide to work, the information is from up to a week ago. Trying to check 'most recent' results in a white screen with the loading circle, but it never loads. Uninstalled.
Very nice
Won't scroll, loading slow, crashing and freezing...
Every 2 or 3 days it's an new update
:)
Bro its fucked
Most recent
It is great
Idk why u organize post from yesterday at the top of my timeline, u are failing
Telecharge
i.love it
It keeps closing on my S. galaxy tab and ipod after last update. Reinstalling didn't help.
Before this recent update I could close the app by backing out now I have to close from the active apps. If I forget it just keeps running in the background. Its an extra step.  Now I will just connect from the web.
Suckssssss... Remove it.. And notification issue.. Post issues.... In page i'm watching older post... Bt it reloads and reback to the first page.... Suckiing
Love love love
Need it
to have fun
45,16
Found my way around your messenger app crap ... I deleted your app all together. I will never put it back on my phone or any other devise ever again.  Short cut to a bookmark worked just as good!
Super
New feed needs to be more recent
Social networking
Nice
Life is love
Its just ok
Facebook messenger
This alleged update is a disappointing let down & seems to becoming a major "turn off!". I find this version to be a slap in the face & an insult. There's 2 main pages, the very most recent posts/stories/news feed hardly ever shows up (if at all). The top stories, the refresh & the edit own comments options have been removed.  I'm going to try & find a Fb app that hasn't got anything to do with beta, so I can actually use fb
Nice
It doesn't show the most recent posts which makes this app useless because the point of social networking is knowing what's going on with your friends not see Facebook sponsored posts from days or weeks ago. And the most annoying thing is the auto-play videos because you have to wait for them to load which makes scrolling down your newsfeed a very unpleasant experience.
i like this app it keeps me connected , i have no complains except that sometimes the timeline became slow but it still awesome .. thanks for your hard work
Same as other reviews, blank notification. Load of rubbish
has a lot of glitches. Needs more improvment.
I love face book
It does not let me watch videos
Hard to rate an app that is new to a person
.
Thanks not including messages in the application.
Jgss
Only the notification icon on the app shows up. No notification sound or indication in the notification window on my phone.
please improve this app because its show my online status even I go offline from the app
I can't tag some of my photos. Can you fix it please? Samsung Galaxy Note 3
I like how u facebook
Finding and meeting;conversate with friends.
It will mess up
Great app
Not bad
Always crashes!
Facebook
Arun
Nice
I'm not happy with the slow updates slow uploads plus when I want to watch a video that my friends post it buffers when I want to watch it. Also sometimes it says error on uploading news feed when I have plenty of signal in my service area.
Get to know the world and peoples thought on matters
Slow and has trouble logging out and freezes most times :(
Very nice....
Well, it is ok... I guess but it could be improved, it takes a while to load. I just think that there are somethings to be improved.
Love it!
ITS A NICE APP
Good
The Newsfeed freezes and skips amd refreshes to the beginning of the feed while scrolling.  There are numerous glitches that need to ne resolved.  Despite numerous times reporting  this to facebook, nothing gets fixed.Now it freezes too!
Videos lag & sometimes don't want to play,  please fix this
Cool
nice
Good
Recent notifications not recent service going downhill
Terrible!! Keeps taking more and more space from my phone... can't stand it...
Like it
Good For Everyday
About to stop using this app. When I sign on it stays for about 2 minutes then kicks me off. Please fix this or Im outta here. Thanks
The new update sucks. Now I can even get on Facebook at all.
i hate it they should have left it simple. now they are forcimg us to download applications that are unecessary. if we fo not want messenger we shouldn't be forced to use it. again i hate it! can't stand being forced to do things against my will
Hola
Just keep crashing on my phone
Cool
So awesome
I hate the messages
Only reason I still had your app installed was to check the occasional message. Now you want me to install yet another chat app.. Not buying into it. One more step along the road as I cut Facebook out of my life. Thanks for the help.

More Convenient
Videos automatically loaded consume a lot of data.  Exceed the limit of 3g/4g usage every months.
Newsfeed is terrible - don't get any new updates through at all now. Slow and not what it used to be. Will not be holding on to this app unless some drastic changes are made soon.
Ever since the new update it keeps crashing on my HTC one. Not happy Facebook please fix
Took for to download and it just plain and boring
Cool
Constantly crashes since last update...SORT IT OUT FB!!!
Good job
boring after all these years!!
This app bricked my phone.
Why do I need something I dont need, goes through my personal info . And sells it to 3rd party people that want to buy ... am I forced to getting this ?
fackbook
ummm always back to my home , auto leave from facebook .. look like have a problen even i keep log my facebook it always back my home screen and now i can't login my facebook , im just use facebook massanger to chat .. i can't update my status if i can't log my facebook , even i uninstall and insall back it still can't login my facebook , better u check your problem
The app won't even load onto my phone. And when it was, as soon as news feed came up it kicked me off and went back to my phones home screen....
Greet
It works OK but I now can't edit posts,  I can click edit but when I actually try to it closes the text box
Used to be a great app, but seems to get worse and worse with every update. Give us back the option to keep our news feed set to most recent!!
a good app for up,dates
Hope for the best
Takes too long too download
Lp fenlikov sl no heoe
After last update app doesnt work.
I like
With the new update,  now I cannot open video,  says that there is an error with the video.  Have Samsung mega.
ok
I just love  all  the's  apps
Phone app ok. Tablet app merely a (badly) stretched phone version. Needs proper landscape support.
I love facebook and befor this app i never new wether i have a message or not and i had to ceep loading up google, it took forever however now that i have this its so fast and i can get on it easy :)
Just got worse. Latest update functionality a big fail.  We still want RECENT posts NOT TOP STORIES as a default option. Even recent stories defaults to top stories now. Back to a third party social media app.
I can talk to all my mstes who never use my phone  but the messenger app is awakward   but still epic
Facebook is so lame let's just get twitter
This app won't work!  I'm so frustrated!  I can't uninstall from my phone!  Fix this for Droid Maxx
The news feed downgrade keeps getting worse. Now, statuses that I didn't want to see in the first place stay in the top five for days. Just give me back the most recent updates, and I'll decide what I want to look at.
mostly hang my cell and most of it stoped  and go back to my home screen buhhh now im irritated with this app.
i  cant add many freinds.
Excec
Every time I open it like 10 seconds later it closes on me I have tried delting it and reinstalling did not work
i like it
... SERIOUSLY, SOMEONE REALLY NEEDS TO FIX THIS... FIX IT, THEN LEAVE IT THE FFFF ALONE. ....
Its a good app but i think its stupid that you have to get messenger just to message your friends,please fix this cause im not downloading fb messenger
I have recieved over and over, wrong e-mail and password. It goes through fine for a month, then all of a sudden it is wrong. Also I have been repeatedly asked for a confirmation code sent by text to a phone number that isn't mine. I say it isn't mine and give my correct number but no one listens. Sooo aggrivating!
Love catching up with people from back in the day!!
Loved it
Like & comment features don't work.  Updated tab3 & now Facebook keeps shutting down.
I don't really go on it that much its kinda boring
Good
The latest update sucks. I can no longer order posts by time (most recent) so I don't see some posts for several days. Sorry Facebook but I my be unsubscribing soon.
Crap
TAGGING FRIENDS IN PICS NOT WORKING!!!!
Nice
i lov it
Always says incompatible update
Hate it. I'm not going to allow anyone to spy on me
Facebook
My news feed isn't like before
Mera 16 ka dholla 46 ki chaati seed hi baat  boolo baaten ghmani nhe ate chutayape ka version ha thats all
All the jumbled unorganized random notifications are killing me
lar
loved it.... everything we need is there...
News feed isn't loading after update. Horrible
66557867
After the recent update, every times whrn I like a pic or open page it shows login failed. Please resolve this!!!
U hve t get messenger
Won't refresh my news feed
It makes me log back in like ten times a week but otherwise its fun
I don't like the fact that we are now FORCED to download the messenger. If I wanna go through the Facebook app and message people then I should be able to. I don't wanna have to waste more space on my phone to download something else for the same thing. Plus, the message icon on the app is still there. If we aren't allowed to use it then why leave it there? Facebook is just becoming a bigger hassle than it should be.
Give and never ask for a return.
Constantly closes/crashes.  Unusable in its current state. I am ready to uninstall it. Still is not fixed as of 9/21
Excellent
Amazing
Shuts down every few minutes facebook is never responding anymore
The new update just data dumped all of my pics onto my phone and in one move got rod of all my actual pics that were on my phone. Also the updates that I can see are from yesterday not today. This is unacceptable.
Takes so much space...and news feed bad...unstalling...
BLACKSHOTHACK
Mast
I love the updates! I can now save photos :-) is there a way to choose where to save the photos? Like save it in sd instead of device.
I am Loved it Facebook
Face it
Love it
Student
awesome
It's okay.
Than having to use the internet on my phone or on my laptop. It's slow every now and then but over all i like it
Very fast access
wastes your time...but a good place to keep in touch with friends abroad
Can't log in
Bnyk maklumat berguna yg blh kita dpt...
Since the last update this app keeps freezing as I'm scrolling through my feed. Seems to be everything I pass a video. Sony experience Z1 compact. Still plenty of memory on the phone and connected to 125mb WiFi.
Hi
Wont let me log in at all. Absolutely useless. Now I'm getting notifications from people I don't know and I have no way of deleting them as fb doesn't allow me to. Absolutely useless app as fb doesn't solve problems it fooking creates then!!!!!
Poop
Wonderful ,awasum I use lot
Maryw
Not entirely sure what's happening yet, but the Facebook app is using +70% of my battery - trouble is, I barely use the app.
It's only lets you see the most popular not the recent posts

Awesum
Right now I dislike Facebook. Not happy that I can sync with c.c.s.
Kardozza Manny
Not impressed with the latest update...
Loved it
Refuses to retain user preferences. Inconsistent in operation.
Gud app
Mag is so slow an fb msg is so fast.
Nice
Its doing this almost constant. Please fix this.
It doesnt letme download it said error 24!!!
Same as above I use app. For other connects. That. U have to go through  video s and other mature apps.
Love et
A week with no news feed. I've reported this issue several times. If put the same effort in fixing the app, as you do on giving the government our information. You might have something good.
Facebook Is Awesome
I just upgrade my android, I can't download it. I've tried all over again and what I got is this message, 'incompatible update'.
I despise the way my news feed is all jumbled and I miss a lot of posts.   I also refuse to download messenger so don't even get to enjoy that aspect of messaging.  Not very happy with FB these days.
Muhammad
It sucks.. 
I finger works
I did the most recent update and now it won't even open!
The app is very slow even Facebook boast of a fast thing but in reality slow. The only reason I am using the app is to get notifications. Useless app just to open the app to check news is tool sloooooooow
Its great except when I post a comment or status it says that it failed when it did post it and I dont like having to download the messanger...I mean you receive messages alot faster but its a waste of my phones memory that I would like to download other apps like games or something

Furniture
Better than any other facebook I've evDr used
Sangat baik
Because it won't let me download
It takes to much space
In Galaxy it wil work bt not tht much
Good
Well....its now the part of every bodies life
-forcing the messenger app is annoying. I don't check messages now. Design layout is wasteful and bloated. Absolutely can't stand the newsfeed; I want to see what is going on RIGHT NOW. Not yesterday or two days ago. It is so annoying there is no way to permanently select "most recent" for the feed. FB are driving their product into the ground.
Getting too big and sick of asking me to install the now seperated chat app
Vry slow in motorola
I cannot use my facebook using this app!!!! Please fix this!!
Ilike!
Easy to edit.
It's cool
Ktk
Everytime i try to like something it never lets me anymore
Nice
Linda Schultz
Amezing
Tushal
Improve its speed
For some reason my app keeps uninstalling on its own wth???
Maher Awais
Its ok but it takes to much air time
Need fast ....more fast....so much fast NEEDED Need less memory....super less memory ... From a snail to a BUGGATI.... From an elephant to a DUCCATI... GO IN TIME PEOPLE
It has notification to show the message and stickers like hike
Nice
Gud...
Good
Supero super
1st I un-installed the Messenger app because of the permissions required Facebook does not need access 2 every aspect of my mobile device this wants 2 control every function of ur phone remotely without ur consent once u've accepted permissions list Facebook can access everything & control ur entire phone if a hacker gets in2 Facebook they 2 could also control everything remotely because of the lengthy permissions list so I've now un-installed the mobile facebook app as it's a personal invasion of privacy
Wow
Too jumbled any more and has load issues
notifications are so slow
I like a lot.
It can take a lot of space from my phone memory
Since newest updates i cant update my news feeds. Always says "error loading feeds" fix it or im delwting the app nd my account. Been doing this over a week now. Ive reported to Facebook bout it nd nothing. FIX THE CRAP NOW. ND STOP UPDATING. if it aint broke dont fix it
Thanks
siempre seme atore y me luego me apaga .. y cuando quiero Log Out nome deja
Good apps
Love it
Very good
Working fine but if themes are introduced for FB then would be much better.
Can't copy links how u used to. Or download pics. And news feed is all messed up
Love you
Slow keeps crashing!
Ok
It's a useless app
Amazing
It's ok...

Given  more  given .goods
I love using facebook before..... but need to uninstall it forever, theres more changes now where more of users dont like..  when i go for latest updates it show the 1day or two days past posts.sucks! why need to force us to install messenger if it is okay not to separate the message like before.. just to earn for a new additional apps!! Sorry but need to enjoy other apps which is smaller mb than facebook and can transfer to sd card storage! This app sucks!!
Magic moment
Joystick
Doesn't follow the sync setting so it constantly drains the battery
Love it
This thing is cool
Bad cut
Ftt
Faster
I'm not a avid Facebook user this app takes up way too much space not a fan of a lot of adds I log in then uninstall then re download maybe once a month... this app already takes up too much room on my phone and now they want to split the apps up to two different apps that makes completely no sense whatsoever 0 star's!!!
Great!
After the last update the links were opening inside the app. Wasnt running another browser. Now its gone and i dont know why. It was a feature i've been waiting for a long time. Why did it go away? And the app itself crashes way too much
Ocupa foarte mult si foloste foarte multi rami . Se poate si mai bine .
For the last two weeks I've had issues with my facebook page crashing as well as trying to view any of my friends facebook pages. News feed is also not udating as it used too. Facebook please fix this issue! I've tried uninstalling and reinstalling the app three times and I am still unable to access my own facebook page without it crashing. I have a samsung galaxy tab 10.1 if this helps.
Spectacular app
Goood suprr
Its really awesome
It takes forever to download on my moto g...and even when I do use it fb decides what I should see...if I like a page why do I have to dig for their post...getting done with this..:(
It's ok
Love it
Having problems with my facebook pg. It keeps closing when I get on fb.
Y to download messenger
Good way to connect long distance friends
Won't let me view any videos
Loads of information
Won't load since updated takes me ages to get it to load then after 5mins looses Internet connection again Think it's time for twitter as it at least connects 
The newsfeed it's all out of whack! I see posts from today then the next one from yesterday then the next from 3 hours ago then the next from 2 days ago...how do you change it to the most recent post?
Best app I using ever....
Sorry some time it's occur error
I cant send messages coz mesenger is coming every time dont show it again I down lod new version alrady but still coming I rate u 5star dont show it again
First of all u made messenger necessary for chats? Ok thats fine with me but i don't get any notifications from the application and now images in the news feed don't load and that's irritating . I don't know what kind of update was it.
Nice app
Need to fix how slow it's running now. Can't view pictures, or videos. They won't load. Also reading comments say check connection! My connection is good, it's Facebook that's slow! Alot of other people have me their's are slow as well. Please fix this SOON!!!
When i go to my profile, it crashed and return to home screen over and over... please fix it already! I did delete data and unistalled it and re-installed, still nothing.
Deleting fb app..  when im going in inbox msg, fb app showing download fb massenger.. which i don't want .. i hated this app.
Good app and does what it says
This is the best way to touch in others.
Almost every time I go to look at my notifications it gets on a recent one I looked at and won't let me view new ones.
Ooo
But needs improvement to make it better
With every new update, there's a new series of bugs. My grandma could design a better app, and she's six feet under. Plus, to all the morons who think Facebook is out to get them and destroy your privacy....every app you have is the same with requiring various permissions, and it's Google permissions idiots, grow a brain, or turn off your phone, it's that simple.

Awesome
Ssssshhhhhiiitttt
What a great place to keep up wi tha gossip..
useful
Muito lento e come muita ram, e como se nao bastasse ainda temos de instalar o facebook mensseger, para comer mais ram
Already got 1209 frandz
Fb
It is a good way to keep up with family.
Super
This app help me to meet my relatives friends n class fellows after several years. ..love it too much...
Ok!
slowly load and sometimes isn't responding....... PLS FIX THIS!
I love that i keep updated with family and friends but i can't watch  videos and once i had messenger it filled my phone so i couldnt do updates on anything
Just updated and now it keeps force stopping. Fix it PLEASE
I like Facebook than reading book.
But its too heavy app.....taking lot more INTERNET data......heavy data usage.....not good for 2g connection..... i want it like yours .whats app browser....please make it fast with 2g connection...
Can't view messages with messenger. Very disapointing!
It always force closes. I have this problem with no other app, but facebook desire it every time. It will never let me check notifications. Doesn't notify me when someone messages me or anything. Fix it please bbecause this really sucks and you as programmers need to pick up the slack. Every update is worse aand worse.
Giovanni.cities. com
Good one
Opens then closes
I am tired of the updates it'ssucking the life out of my phone
News feed won't update
Good
The update that came out today really screwed up FB. Pictures & videos not wanting to show. News feed is from two or three days ago.  If it's not broken, don't mess with it!
Every time I go into the app, it says "error loading newsfeed" even when I have full bars of WiFi. I've uninstalled, and reinstalled, and it does the same thing! Update and I'll rate 5 stars.
This app would get five stars, except Facebook seems to want to force us to download the messenger app of theirs just so we can see our messages.  Do away with that, and I'll give this app 5 stars.
Make it Fast.
simply excellent..
Good
pencari cinta sejati
Awsm..
Very Nice & Good., For an older version.,
Good n nice apps
Kadar khan
Disliked it
Good
Umar
Good
News feed WILL NOT show most recent. Shows 2 or 3 most recent posts then jumps to the day before posts. Will you people get youf s**t together. Where do you get your techs from.
Disgraceful what they want
Nice
I have an account, but can't  open it.
J
Very bad
Can't download app to the phone
Lovin it !!!
Please check your connections first may be its too slow thats why there's an error apaired,,im satisfied the service of face book,and i appreciate cuz i can comunicate my business partners international
It really get worse every update FAIL
Good app
Great and nice
Download
Ya gotta lovee Facebook!
My facebook app not working.when i open it its not shwoing anything.fix it.i give you 5.
That's enough
After last update nothing works right! Shuts down, freezes up and only refreshes news feed half the time... Un-install
Nice but no chance to chat with friends
Now NAGS constantly (in the form of notifications) to install messenger.  Forces you to go 3 clicks into menus to see most recent posts.  Of course, they think they know what we want better than we do and ignore negative feedback like mine.
Pls.fix it coz unfortunately stopped.
Nice
Cincinnati oh
Fast search
It is not downloading the new version :(
It freezes
It's not too bad
It dont works when. I log in to facebook the page doesnt appears and. Onfacebook app wrote conecction faild
Good
I am ok with the new facebook
Can't even read messages. Stupid that you have to get another app just to read your messages. Timeline never updates don't see new posts.
I'd give it five stars if they could add custom settings for "who can see my posts" part.
Very wanderfull.....appps.
And still slow. It still crashes often. And it features many unwanted & unneeded changes to the app's layout, making it difficult to use. Not only that, but making Top Stories the default view also gives it 2 thumbs down from me.
Don't like this at all,the update's have made it more rubbish and you cant go to the factory settings and why can't you tag people or put photos on your status!?!? Fix please!!!
consumes more data......:-(..:-(
This version is best
It's easy to get to and fast speed
I like very much
I give 5 stars
App only lags 'Unfollow the Post' option.
SUNI
Will not update on Sony e1 says incompatable update please fix.
Gooood
Before I bought my Android phone, I had an iPhone. Facebook on iPhone worked pretty well. But this Android Facebook app is super slow, and crashes nearly every time I open it. If I do successfully open the app, it will crash as soon as I try to post or comment. Also, I rarely receive notifications from this app. I do, occasionally, but it is rare. Most of the time, I receive zero notifications on my phone, then get on Facebook and have over ten.
No.1
Nice
Can you please have a look to see if you can add an option by friends on facebook to see who has bbm pins updated on there profile for andriod and ios users like blaxkberry users can see ..thanks
After the update my Facebook became slow.
No stabilty, I can't even 'like' stuff properly. It takes me twice to 'like' and doesn't display them correctly. Please fix this. And why can't we share videos like we share photos. We can just share videos shared by others and not the original one. Can't even like or comment on the original ones. Please fix.
My no.1 social apps
Super
Great app, say no more!
I like ittt
baba thapa
Not so sweet..a bit boring
Fun
Logo is not atractive
Boy
Love keeping in touch with family

Lot of bugs....past versions r better than the last 5 updates...untill I give 1 star....its f***ing app...
Sucks that you can't message people without the messenger app. In other words they try to make you download the app and want to get all your private information. I think it's a violation of the user, though they are in their right.
Manoj kumar
Yap loved it
Good for fb lovers and addicts..
Smart
Friends
I loveyou
Excilent
Great!
nice
Don't force us to install Facebook messenger
Super
Good
Gm
It was doin ok now its shutting down on me...wont let me comment.  FB get it together...
Ravi
Good
Ansari Shaban
I love facebook
Okey na okey
Superb
I hate that it makes you download the messenger. It takes up space on my phone and uses a lot of data why can't they just allow us to use the messenger on the app? Not very pleased.
Speed book
MAKE IT SMALLER OKAY??
Latest updated is more fast
So sweet
I enjoy
I like this app
Not bad at all
Hoyowe
Gooooood
Sraaf
No notifications on Nexus 5 or Nexus 10.
My Loved Facebook update very good
I liek Facebook
love
Mast aaps aahe
Whenever i try to open FB on my Samsung Galaxy Tab 3, it only allows me to check for a minute and then closes. It made me lower my rating so please fix.
Nice
Totally awesome
hating it
Love it
My appreciated
ever sense i was forced to download the messenger app it sucks!
Bahut khoob
Nice
They have completely taken away the ability to do ANYTHING! I cant control my news feed, or even get into my "other" box. Thanks for forcing me to use your stupid messenger too.
Lelet....
It's very good app to communicate with fb frnds..but it process so slow ..in our smart phones. ..
Needs no description

It's now able for 5 stars
very good
Good
Its best social app
But i don't know how to use my daughter teach me
I liked it better before the update, I think that your news feed should be starting with most recent post at tue top, not just jumbled together. Also, sometimes I will recieve blank notifications. Example, I will see that I have a message and so I click on the message button, and there is absolutely nothing there. Please fix these problems, they're annoying.  Ps: this app takes up a lot of storage on my tablet and makes it lag. That is the worst!!
Realty gud
Where is save photo option like before ??? The last update sucks big time !!! Facebook  sucks !after last update ...big Fail when using, exits at every 2 mins .
Amazing
My acount is not login my email and password is correct why not login..?
Its so cool
12345

My lavar
Its very useful
Very nice
I cant see the birthdays of my friends in this app... I have to login on another browser in full view for that... Solve this please...
A great way to start connected with friends and family!
If you added a custom playlist on the profile page, that would make you a 5 star
Mmm
Great
More than not it keeps freezing and even when I close it out and open again same thing. It's not until I restart my phone that it works again. Its a pain in the butt. Fix it...
Good I like this it works normal
Nice
Not the best
Bakwas yar.  I am facing problem in sending masage in massager.  When uninstall massager this application don't allow me to send masage. Then install issue resolved.  And again issue and uninstall. I am tired of it yar
Telalu menarik
ang dali napg
Won't even let me download the app . . .
Supet
After the recent update the app is constantly freezing up and saying it has a problem and I can stop it or wait. Makes the app pretty worthless, can't see anything on my news feed
Excellent app,connect with your friends every time
Good app
Grandiosa, ora che avete risolto il problema della RAM
Great
varugoodiadiadosyosamelnaka
Perfect
Just love it
update ÍêÓÃßíµ½
Very Naic app free call very good
Very nice
Awesome
Nice....
It will do, bt not so good
Very nice
V.n
The app is not stable anymore it keeps crashing very often
Ohhhhhh
Tirupati
Not open in my samsung galaxy y 6102 ...
Woow
Everytime i open my facebook the pictures of my friends are not loading even if i press the reload button its always happening
I'm getting tired of being asked to download the messenger app
It's bad the speed 
Bilal Awan
New feed completely fd up
Like and lovt it
Ang pngit d q maopen fb q bkt gnun kkasar.
Facebook
Aannii12345678
Reading all comments I think I made a mistake.
Get a copy
this is very fast and easy app for smart phone
Where is the chat
Brian
Right now I'm only giving 2 stars because the stupid news feed keeps freezing up. I've sent the "report a problem" several times yet is still a problem....We'll see if this newest update corrects it or not.
Got a new phone so I had to dl the new updated version. It crashes within minutes of me logging in. Every single time. If its not fixed soon I will delete and start using the mobile browser. This is ridiculous. If it aint broke DONT fix it!
Loading problem
O k
Good
Need more improvement
VV.Good and best
Facebook may help social workers I would like to thank them
Useful app
Slow and stupid
Awesome awesome awesome
Im using a samsung tab 3 and i will get in facebook and maybe a kinute or less later it will just exit for no reason whatsoever please fix this.
The recent update was disappointing. I cant play videos sent on a conversation anymore
and that f***** messenger
Nice
This app is great !!!
Takes wayy to much storage!!!!
Load of bs. :#
Superb app
Sjfsh
It keeps saying I am entering the wrong password even though I'm not....
Good is veery
good
Ever since the recent update, it shuts down my facebook . I can hardly use my facebook now due to this issue. Please fix this
It takes forever to open , this apps sucks
And why don't you remove facebook messanger
Fast
Great
U could be better
Awsm
it ok but takes up to much meomry
Onely good
Since the most recent update, I keep getting the following error:   "Session expired, Please log in again"  Error validating access token:  Session does not match current stored session.  This may be because the user changed the password since the time the session was created or Facebook has changed the session for security reasons.    Even though I log off every time, I continue to get this error, the only way to bypass it is to force facebook to close, clear the cache and data, but I have to do this EVERY SINGLE TIME.  PLEASE TEST YOUR SO CALLED UPDATES BEFORE RELEASING THEM, have we not had enough with the microsoft handles their updates??  Please not you too facebook.
No words to express
Pictures wouldn't come up at all. So Uninstalled Facebook.  Tried to reinstall and it stops at 93%. Have tried several times now. Very frustrated.
Thanks
It was many bugs please fix it
The way I see it, the only problem I really have is the news feed. I guess it just feels better when it shows the most recent posts from everyone, rather than the most relevant posts from a few pages and profiles that I have interacted with. Other than that, its great.
Cmon already
This is a great App. I love it!
Solve it my problem after software update
Sahubu67
Cant update
Why isnt facebookworking on my samsung galaxy tab 3 when i log into my account it doesnt let me on my profile
Priya gori
Easy to use... Fast and simple
Good
Every tym i try to log out it crashes...then says session expired...what the hell is going on..have uninstalled many times...again n again same prblm...
Very useful for all
Not getting friends posting in news feed ,friends wall ,so a poor deal
Very nice
After update started freezing
Takes huge space
What happened to the video auto play? The s4 has it my note 3 does not, both have the same version..
A replica of the mobile site. As with most replicas they look nice and don't work like the real thing.
I love this app
Since the new update it takes pictures on news feed longer to load.
it takes a long time to load whenever u try to log in the first time but besides that its an awsome app
Excellent
It SUCKS since messanger WAS FORCED ON ME
I just luv it...
Please edit  status copy paste option..
Nice...but why i can't download the video on this app.....
It new update version is very bad i cannot get my message notification
Yes facebook facebook is good you to download that's been
Nice
Its ok
Itz good
Jad
Very nice....u..u.........
manage
The recent update causes blank notifications.
Face
I'm not happy with the feed at all. Why can't you just leave well enough alone?
Good
After the latest update I can no longer get into Facebook.  Maybe you could fix the problems before you mess with all of our phones.
Slow to load on my phone.
The news feed isn't up to date. Yall need to make a way for people,to only see the recent updates like on the mobile website
Empty notification keeps popping up.
I like fb bcz my love is stats fb that's way I love very so much fb
It would be fine if i wanted to see yesterdays news
Nice
Dont work on my Lg e400
Can't look at anything beyond the news feed, doesn't sync with the tablet anymore. This needs serious fixing.
Hmmmm seems fine
A lots of things can be better
Great app
Excellent apps
Fb
Anyone who complains about this app doesn't have a nexus based device. I may have a galaxy note 2 now but nexus devices are the way to go for stock android smooth experience. I would go back to nexus but the cameras suck. Wooh Facebook!
Keeps force stopping every time i get on it.
Ok sehaja
Excellent
I earns lot of ram and battery doesn't last for whole day.... UI is very outdated and has lots of in convenient in using..  Perhaps i should suggest all others to access you're account through web browser... ...
bravo
The new fb update sucks.
Roar. Putang Ina. Wala na bang ibang design?!...nakaka sawa na eh...
Very nice social media for all
Why did you block my messages to force me to download your new app? D!#k move!
Ilove this app
suresh19850518
After the recent update, the app loads really slow when opening. It also force closes and facebook just became slow. Even using browser. If you guys can fix this, I'll probably give you 5 stars.
Awesome
Dunno what happened but am sad :( :(
Its work properly .
I like it........
What's the point in even using? The past is the past.  I read it.  Why is opening today showing yesterday's or even 3 days ago posts?  Pathetic app. Hey hey hey Mark and company less focusing on dolla bills and more on user experience.
Not 2 gud
very bad he stuk evrytime i want to logout and always i have to remove the app and download again
Since the new update, pictures won't load! This is ridiculous.  You'd think with this being a Facebook app, it would be amazing. But it totally SUCKS!!!!!!!!!!!
It more be great if i can select pictures from my album,and this app take more tiny ram usage from my phone
It keeps closing out!!!!! About every 2 minutes!!
Keeps crashing randomly. Thanks for the useless update.
Unable to save the photos to device
Haihai
It close automatically. ...last version was much better....I feel like idiot, that I update new version of facebook. ..much work to do with that new version of Facebook
Knowledge is power
Ok
Seeing wats going on in the world, just really peeping the scene. Likeing post nd pictures. Just a bunch of good entertainment.
Nice
Too much permissions
Ansari
stop asking us to install messenger!!! still asking too much access in our phones. why do u need to read our sms/mms, contacts, other accounts in our phones?
Verygood
Very goooooo d
Loved it
Good
Wonderful facebook because this are very panget gago
Love it

Fix the video player!!!
Lovely
After a recent of update, I'm unable to install Facebook. It says incompatible.
It just nice
galaxy s4
Why can't I use copy n paste? Can't view messages in the app as well, need to download the messenger app.
Nice
Found a way around installing the Msg Chat App. By going to my browser. But total pain in butt. Been seeing too many adds as well as changes I don't like. Why must they fix what isn't broken...all to break it! We need a NEW TYPE IF FB. FB took over MySpace ..hope something new comes up with the old ways we all liked!
Great app...
Awesome!
:)
I like it. But I don't know what is happening on my device, it keeps logging me out.
Nice
F
Excellent
Good
Alaw
in my heart but never met
Super
Need to fix the resent posts.  I see posts from 3-4 days old. It's so aggravating.  I UNINSTALLED IT.
You'll get it right some day Facebook! I'm not going to hold my breath though...
Facebook
Please give
Slowwwwww
itzz a nyc app.... lyk it
lande
very nice
very useful app
Its good
Luvd it bt sumtyms its hangs..:)
Really good
Mantab masbrooo

It consumes a lot of space in my memory. Please find a way to reduce it at least up to 20 megabytes please.
Lllll
Eversince I got it updated it freezes everytime I scroll down the news feed up to the point that sometimes it crashes...
A like this
lets see
Its ok
Awesome!!
It gives problem after 10 to 15 i dont understand whats the problem with this facebook.....
fix it please
Too addictive     LOL
Poor updates
I like this application. .......good for android mobiles....
Verry like
Not working
Add
Great app
The fun way to keep in touch with family and friends
Too large app its about 90 MB on my device storage which is 420 MB and whenever there is a new update it always telling me that there is not enough space , fix that. News feeds - make Most recent to default its annoying to see posts from last week .. From 4 stars to 3 and keep falling down .. :)
ilove this app thanx Facebook
now it work's good
Nice
Valuable
Still cannot upload pictures from my phone 
This app riquired so... many space....
Whay I must install the messenger thats annoying, make my phone laggy, just make the apps simple !!!
Good app but sometimes it start working slow
Ggggg
Haist!! what the heck!!so slow ever,,such annoying!!
Ngaun lang ako nagupdate xD


Ever since update it keeps crashing!! Plz fix!!!
:)))))))):
Alright!
babu
Excellent
Whats happening?? Its hanging then it shut repeatedly. ..
Love it
Nice
best
Base2 je
useful app
It's good. .!
Very good
mos def it's one of the coolest apps that hv ever been there.
COOLER THAN EVER!!!
Abukalam
After it updated when i try to pull up my notifications is says there are none and it's not just my phone. It's very aggravating!!! I hope yall fix this extremely quick!!
S4
always lag! >,<
Chol nhial
I can't play video. Please fix this problem for CherryMobile Omega Icon.
freezes
Memang best
The forth update and I can't log inn
Since the last update it is freezing and crashing often.
love it
Super
nice app
Y
Why is everything boxed in New version of this app? Blank frame and cropped buttons is not what you meant, right? Also sliding left across tabs is few pixels to the left.. why?
I loved it
Y i cant see my mssege
Hi
My phone has 512mb only. After updating fb and forced to install messenger, my phone has no more ram. Other apps run so slow. Please fix this.
Ok
Its good
I love it facebook
I love it
Fast and responsive
Social
nice
It's ok.... I can connect with my friends.
kills battery uses all my phone memory always shows same stats over and over 
Since my last update, the app keeps closing every time I open a pic or some one else's profile. Its really frustrating to use.
After im on fb fir not even 10 seconds, it goes back to the home screen.  Or i go to click on something,  poof gone. I go to click on a post, poof. It takes me 3 to 4 times to post a status. The screen disappears.  It s a pain.  Please help me.  I like fb.
I not happy now. I was excited to use my fb app but now it has a wierd clitch and its laggy. I know its not my internet becuase I go on other web sites and it works fine. Please fix it
But so lag :3 can't even update it to the latest version.
I like it.
Nice
This is nt working properly. I m un satisfied. plz do smthng and improve the coding.
Baik jika digunakan utk ke jln yg benar....
Linda
Love it
Rubbish
Super
After the new update, always force close if i choose log out
if line app was more popular than fb, i would never install fb. it is the same thing but line app is more infinity better than fb
I can't use felling and other such emotion options with this app (from V8 and still in V17).. this app become dam slow, fc after updating to V17.. please don't update guys.
stodnte
nesma22
Now
useless app.insufficient storage when  i hv 2 gb free space.
Its really easy way to share & chat with friends
Recently started shutting itself down. Uninstalled until bug is fixed.
So good
Saaai
Giving me blank notification. And even after I have checked them the same will appear after an hour or so. Fix it and I'll fix the rating
Anti-boring
Null and void
Bsbsbs
Bhjvb
Very good
Good
Good for regularly use
chitnanko
Feel the happy way of sharing
Galaxy Note 1
Nw itz improved very much.....
Ok
I like it's
Nice
Nice app
Good
Excellent
Does Facebook actually read these reviews?
Today's everybody this app......
Facebook aujdhrsab
Putang inang app to hiniwalay pa ung pag inbox  daming arte putang ina pampa bagal lang ng cellphobe ginagawa ninyo mga bobong developer
A123456789
Is does not let me play videos
Ok
This app is good this app every one contact
Love it
International
Easy and convenient way to use Facebook
Well this is new I can log in but now it won't let me logout
Facebook services.
facebook
Forcing to download messenger!!!
good
what's with the constant freeze and crash?
It's horrified...please fix it..dammed
The best of Malaysians
It keeps u connected with all ur friends and family
The only way FB will fix this POS app is if refuse to use their app. Apparently FB does not care about it's users or what we have to say.PLEASE SHARE THIS POST !!!!
Error
I deleted this app coz wen I opn it again nd again I used to fill my paswrd bt now I dnt knw wt hpn it doesnt install properly
Shah
Let go and live life
May quit working...then you have to uninstall and reinstall
Browsing is Too slow... + occasional crushed... Come on,,, u can do it better..
Oh my god
Wonder full speed
Cant even use it with new software updates to my galaxy note:(
Its beter than web
Since updates that majorly invade our privacy videos always crash when being played.
Facebook is the bess
Can be very laggy tho
love it
It would be nicer if Videos r Played in the app...
I like fb
Work is workship
Good app
Awesome I love Facebook
Gooooooood
Use it ones it is discousting
Oo awesom but please make it better
Good
my beztfrend rubz love diz ;-)
...and, I want my default news feed to show most recent stories, not top stories.
ok
Okay fine,
Really stupid
Helped me keep in touch with family and friends

Facebook
Good
Hi
this app is very good way of tymps.. i love fb
Great way to stay in touch with family afar,n great social media to join
Crashes
Facebook
Sometimes this app slow responding.
It's very fast
Pafuckyu kau
This is very nice
Facebook
Cooooooooool
(y)
Facebook! You had my 5 stars but its just a 3 now. Please stop notifications for no reason. Why do I get blank notifications? Please Stop This! .
Kewl
i like it.........
1989@gmail.com
I doliken't  that Facebook watches me. Even when I'm not on Facebook if I look somthing up suddenly ads (either on Facebook or on the Web ) of what l it was I was looking up start replacing the old ads.  The Gps tags on messages. All that. I see you.
Make it more secure
I had problems downloading this app
New generation cant leave with out fb!!!!
Good
Nice app fb
Ddd
facebook
Yeah its ok . One drawback is that I can see the reply of my comment as another comment!!! Which is annoying at times
After recent update,  app keeps shutting down
Experience

Fantastic app for the intended recipient
Cant download the app. :/
Can't connect to any apps and games.
Greats
It is best for me
S k S
Nice
md sagorhossin
20/9/2014
I get my notificatins 30 minutes to hours after they message me or comments something
The app has improved a lot
Super
I like it but the MB of fb is too high .
Crazy permissions access. Install this and Facebook can access just about all your personal stuff without you even knowing.
Facebook is all about friends it's a very good app right now I don't friends on Facebook
Za
1
Loading?????????
Good aq
Gr8 app
Suoerb
Please page pe auto comment bot ho re hain iska solution nikalo please bot abuse ho ra hai fb pe isko stop kro pls
v
It's is best in wold
This app is nothing to me
Gr8 source for connecting
Taking Long time to download.
NUMBER ONE 1
It is very slow
Very slow
Selfie
AP does not keep me logged in  and keeps timing out
For all friends
Love it...
good......
Great app
This apps is good !!!
Great
It lags all the time even when iam connected to a fast broadband n never let's me watch videos from friends walls or what they have shared plus it's over heating my phone when I use the app explain please
The app goes to the new stories by itself even though I don't intend to...It is really annoying when it's happen during u are in the midst of reading further below stories...please fix this...Thanks...
Awesome App...
The best
My worth its extraordinary
Daryl Andrea Guevarra
Good
Facebook
I love this
Facebook
I like it
Fb has been great. Continue touching peoples hearts. =)
Pandey
I need
I can find friends  around  this  world .
Messaging needs to be left in one app. Annoying to have two. Or just better to drop Facebook seems to be a better option.
Nalla  soopr  saadhana tto
Cool get it  if you havent
God
Replaaaaaay
Cool
OK gud
Okey
Nice app


Help to connect friends
Social media
Uj
Stil.....
Gud
NiCe
uSe everyone
Need to fix the bugs.
Gud app
good
Waste of time
It is of 22 mb and takes the space upto 80 mb+
Giving it two thumbs down
Good
Good
RED  INDIA DRAGON
Excellent
When I tap most recent its like a week ago or even months the %&#$!!!
The new version is Fanta bullous loved it......
First fb app is very best
Not liking this. All my videos freeze up with the new update.
wow impressive great app
Heyy
I love it!! It help me stay n touch with my family as far as the app I don't have any problems with it.
It is a great "time killing" application. When I get some free time open FB for time pas and view the new posts and pics.
Awsome
Wow
Like
plz dont downlload
Luv it.
JUST  FIX IT
Much better than net browser's
Facebook
Super Loading !!!!!!!
Seriously? My News Feed is not what it is before after the update. Please fix this. SOON.
Nice
It is ok so far
I like Facebook
Why it's necessary to download messenger?.. please reply?  Please update again..
When I want to watch videos of my friends and family, the videos will not play.
Fine fine
It doesent work
Tablet app please!
Nice
News feed is all jumbled up and it keeps crashing and is reallly slow loading
Love it
That's not really good...cause always have to dl the messenger.. i don't like it but i still use it

Good
Hot
I  love Facebook
I don't like this app too much it takes too much time to load any photo or video                            please make some improvement
ok la dr xde....
Jai shree mataji
the best app.....!
Hate it. It keeps trying to do things without my permission.  I go through my main feed and it keeps jumping to the top of the list every five minutes. I don't want it posting to people on my behalf.
Why we must install messnger
Needs the ability to share videos through private messages
Best social site in the india it work very good
Army
For new version, try to change the  blue to some other color..
cant mention some in a page using @[name]
Nyz app
Very good. I like it.
Facebook
The app is getting worse, I'm losing everything bit by bit, uninstalling!!!!
News feed totally messed up getting items from yesterday morning at the top of the feed the next day
Nice ha
Simply awsum
F for facebook
Super
It just good but it is not great ... It doesn't download on Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Neo for some reason
The news feed needs to be chronological, the option had gone, so I've uninsulated for an older version for now.
Nic
This is application good but his very slowly
An old version
Awesome
Please add one more option in photos. Including shared photos...
Love it. But still out my fb. Please fix.
Every few minutes I get a notification that's blank. I click on it and there's no new news, lo and behold. It keeps happening though every few minutes. I want it to stop.
So many bugs lately. Profile page won't load, yesterdays feeds on top. What gives?!! As an administrator of a FB group it is very frustrating. I need this app to work to organize my group!! Please get on the ball!
Vow
Like
I just tried downloading this app & it said I couldn't because I had insufficient storage!! Really???
Krazi kiya re
In the process of uploading a pic, when i want to preview the picture first, it shows and then the screen goes blank making me repeat the whole process of uploading over again
I hate this app. Not sure what the point of two different feeds is but it's a jumbled mess. Used to be able to choose top stories or most recent and it would stay that way. Not anymore. STUPID. QUIT SCREWING UP FACEBOOK, PEOPLE. I WOULD LIKE TO SLAP THE RETARDS THAT ARE IN CHARGE OF FACEBOOK APP.
The mobile app should allow to share posts to a message as the desktop version.
Love it
Wants
S praveen
So and so. I'll give a five star once the message is removed
After update, I can't even access my account. It is horrible!
Kumara
Great
nice apps...
Half the time you are trying to do one thing it throws you into another screen,  pathetic
Good app
You injoy for apps
Fix then leave alone. I am tiered of having to go on my browser all the time because the app don't work. My games are not connecting half the time. Then when they do I can't send or get help from my friends

Hindi nga lang makapag-load
App
My videos don't play anymore on this app. It sucks because I have to download another app that I don't have room for, just to message. Facebook is not like it used to be
Good
Justin racuya
good
Bokassssss
Love it
Superb
Very poor performance.  Please need updates
Lots of things that could be better
Awesome
I love it
Why should i download messenger whn i dnt wnt to
Cool update
Very nyc app
U
Facebook is always best
Mine updated just fine, but no Facebook home at all!
Facebook needs to make the app lighter for mobile storage as well as data consumption.. That'll keep them best for years to come!!! -TRS
I like it
It takes a lot of memory, the app breaks suddenly and it auto-closes itself
Not bad.. a very good app just like original for windows.
Fun family
Superb
Mmr
Rubygupta
To slow
Ok
Forces to download messenger
This app jus gets worse, i go to open it & foreclose is immediate. I SHOULD NOT have to reboot my phone jus to use this app. Makes my phone lag & updates DO NOT help at all.
Its not work        like..chat online not show me
Bring back the messages on mobile devices otherwise im deleting Facebook and I will encourage other friends to do the same, no one asked for the change why do it
poor performance after the recent updates..always force closes..pls fix.
Loving it
thats fine
Nice
Keeps crashing
Loading problems
Msg not sent.....very problem
Good
Keep it up...
I like it..hehe
I can download easier
Mast
Very good app
love it, hate it, love it, hate it, love it, hate it, love it, hate it...
I'm loving it.
Its an excellent app
Location not working for posts. Like when I post something to someone's wall, earlier it was showing 5 hours ago near my location name. But now it's not showing up...
Fb
Facebook
My news feed turned blank every time I scroll down. What's with the new update?
Updates r ok but its always a wirk in progress keep up da good work
Automatically exist
I like this
Liked it so much
Super

facebook
Keeps getting worse
Always error
I really don't know why I have to like the same picture over and again. Whenever I like a picture and see the same picture after few minutes, my "like" simply disappeared and I have to like it again. Please fix this bug 
Keep getting empty notifications...fix this and back to five stars!
Very very very enjoyed this apps
Can't  re install
It's a memory hog! Messenger needs to be integrated back in. Messenger has been just another memory hog. This used to be so much fun and you are killing it. Please stop! I've gotten super close to just deleting Facebook all together and moving on to something else!
Appppp
In browser and app
Whenever I open my facebook, it always has a problem.  Like not responding.  -,- -hope you'll fix it soon ^_^
It's a app to have to keep in touch with friends and love ones
I like it more if it hv every options in PC
Just Good,,,,
Woube
Why is it that my phone kept updating today atleast 10 times. .???
Fast communication
Superb. ....
Slow in response, hang, crash and closes occassionally.
Just downloded the app again couse i accidenly deleted it & it keeps shottingdown i dont know whats worng wth it but it does the same thing on my Iphone -.- facebook if u keep like this soon u will be the new my space
impotent of life
Like it
good
After the last update some pictures and videos will not load it just sits there doing nothing. Please fix.
Im 9
Takes lot o memory
Hmm.
It worked but not smoothly at all.Facebook should think of low end devices with limited resources.
It freezes up and shuts off my fone
Nthng 2 sy
Student
Nice
Fun
Naved khan
Good app but really need a search function on group.
Nothing better than this app
Good
In more occasions,Facebook acted as friend.Every. bodies happiness,sadness,emotions,and other feelings are silently welcomes the Facebook.
Could do better
Its not bad.but avarage performance
This app crashes constantly and I have the same complaints that everyone else does. Fix it.
Top
Can you please enable copying text just as the iPhone version?  It's discriminating and annoyingly stupid that users can't do so you know?
Error pops up everytime I try to watch a vid. I also don't like that FB keeps trying to force me to DL the messanger app.
The app keeps having bugs when trying to like comments.
Good
Loved it
Facebook is keep sending me empty notifications. Fix this please! Also, there are still some lags while scrolling.
Slow app, it freezes all the time, can't see postings or comments from others, "SUCKS"
This is good app..
OK
Everything runs smoothly, and it is a definite plus that it doesn't rely on google services!
Some esy
Please do some thing to fix
All Yall Needa Get New Phones
In don't know all the things that skyi can do for me. I would like to learn more about skyi
Suck the battry
Ohho y u r not working
After the change my app has gone crazy first im on fb then im bounced around now it tells me t sing up for these apps then wont let me in when it does it kicks me.back out or somewhere eles  whats up!!!!!!!!!-omg this app has been installing for two days now wth whens it done !!!!-
why the hell are you compelling to download messenger??  You can request not force
Its vry cool
This is a fb faster app
Mom without your love I would not be alive... Thank youe for saving my life with God's love... Te amo Luisito sin ti no estuviera aqui... Te amo por que nunca te das por vencida conmigo...
It is tired ....it is not working properly
I had to delete Facebook cause every time I opened it would close . Well now I try to download it keeps giving me an error of 24 . I called at & t they said it was Facebook , and there was nothing wrong with my phone !!!
Good
Advin louis
Please fix it, it always says Unfortunately, facebook has stopped.
Not so bad
Keep in touch!
Cool
Need to fix the newsfeed mine shows crap 2 or more days late  & next it be 1hour update.
Sngt bguih...
Mast......
So slow..
Lots of crashing on my Samsung tablet.........every 5 seconds..
fun fr time add with fb
Between being unable to set the feed to the most recent posts (which is what I want and need), massive amounts of data/battery power being eaten, and now I can't even check my messages on the main app anymore? No thank you: I'll keep using my laptop from here on out.
Xperia arc s
Please fix earlier I deleted this app and now I am not able to download it from market please do something
Very slow to dounwload
I cant reload my facebook. Why?
I love fb very much
I like it
Faster app
It keeps giving meh random post in my new feed. Like all these top storied and I don't Carr about that. Every time I switch it to most recent it goes back to top stories. Every time I repost or share something or takes me all the way back to the top. And it keep freezing. So annoying.
This is love it
GOOD APP
After a recent update i cannot access to any of my friends profiles, neither mine, app crashes when i tap on any friend. Fix this and i'll improve my rating.
This is a amazing app to use facebook.
Got rid of fb and now my battery last 2 days.

I want copy pest opinion
Plss.. make an easy way to change account
A real friend is a person in need.
Nice
awesome
give 5 stars when u enabled replying comments for mobile
Good
Very perfect
Lol
The latest update just **** it.... And again with this latest update... Sick of all this ******* around... Just put it back to the way it was 
Very  good
love it.
Can't open MESSAGES!
Looking fantastic
Update is fine
Fine
Minus 5 * . This is so slow ,I actually turned my computer on ... With all your huge brain power working at face ,you should make something witch works fast & efficiently  ..I can't see any pics ... uninstalled and installed several times to no avail...help me Mr.WIZZARD ! MAKE IT WORK ! MAKE IT WORK !
Can't get in my account
It's bullshit...I guess that's enough...
Needs chat. And it says no groups when I click on it. I know I am in groups
it's a awosem  thing
Great
Great app
But please download quickly
Love it the pictures take to long to load
After updating, I can't open my timeline status. It keeps exiting facebook page. I can only see the news feeds. Please, fix this now
facebook not only mesenger. it is big +point  facebook is meet the friend .  you just thingk . i give facebook 200%
Excellent
lodeng
Paktay ka diha dong day

opening fb and its suddenly..... automatic shutdown/close.. what happened? plss help,  plss.. then I wl gve u 5 strs...
I using the
Log and very slow connected
Now if you download the app, you have to download the messenger app also.
Put back origanl no privicy
Best upgrade
yin tun
Just updated my Samsung tab 3 to kitkat 4.4.2. And ever since,  Facebook keeps force closing. I uninstall and reinstalled and still not stable. Uninstalling permanently
Submit
News feeds are loading for a long time...
its beEn logging and loading and updating. .always nOt work even enternet coNNection fast. .
Yesss
T
Cool r what
I like this app
Priya
career
really good
It won't install on my phone anymore. . It says error-24. I uninstalled it once for some extra memory now I gotta uae the internets
No
Great
Awesome
It is so lag even the browser is faster don't download
What the hell is error -24
The new updates suck! The whole messenger sucks.... FB is only a way of posting things and we don't need FB to keep in contact with people...... Text messaging doors the same thing..... Your making users not want to use it anymore and more difficult to see the news feeds. Make it simple!!! Not in the order you want but how were want it!!!
High memory usage but very very low quality app. Too bad
My feed will only run   about 10 posts then stops will not post any new post. This has been going on long time first I've complained.
I loved the new Facebook Mobile app. But it needs one improvement. The way it adds a new post, I think it should be updated. Suppose you have added some pictures in a post and a description. After publishing that post you want to add some more pictures to it. But currently in "edit post" option allows you to edit only the description. -- Facebook Mobile team kindly look into it.
Fun
Best
Still can't install, was preinstalled to start with still can't get app
Too much mem usage
I love face book. But it can be slow .
its gud
196
Good app ..
Its a good app to have!
Most fastest
This social media app allows you to be connected to your friends world wide.
Love to be connected with my   family
Keeps freezing and will not load my photo albums
Good
This app is great and easy to use
Keeps freezing and I have to reboot fone to make it work. It's never done that before until recent update. 5 stars when it's fixed...
Dgg
o need a app for my app in order to message that's just stupid I loved this app before you did that. not all of us are blessed with unlimited storage/memory on or phones.
Good social network
Bad
B
Keeps quitting after 5 seconds. I have to reopen multiple times to do anything.

hard to navigate hard to get set up hard all the way around hate it
Poor
Love
good
Cant even install the the updated one.
Connecting peoples
Nice app
I loved it fb
Face book is mirror of our personality. .
Updates should improve not mess up something that wasn't broke
I always go to inbox but can't  see my message!!!!   It always says to download messenger!!  Plz fix it!!  I dont want to install messenger!!!  4 stars instead i would give 5 coz i hate messenger
How do I delete my account!? Because I hate downloading  and uninstalling this thing!? Help me!
Terbaik
higher
Good
Excellent
Can't log off
App crashes everytime you try to comment, keyboard won't pull half the time and messenger does the same nothing but space wasters.
Constantly freezes on my Galaxy S4.
After latest update it kicks me off. Unusable. .. Sucks!!!
Face book
I love this app
Like my Facebook Page (TJ Evans Ministries)
so far so good ! keep it up :*
Pathetic, worse than ever ... just sad ... smh
This Is nice
i loved it
Now i can put on my sd card. More apps, here i come
Favourite app ever
mast
Yea
Why we need this facebook messenger
News feed is all mucked up
It occupies a large RAM space even if I dont login... please make a change so tat I give 5 stars!
What a ****
Connect with my family and friends
I have to be careful not to give out too much info! But it is a good way to connect with your friends and family.
+
It's a great app but the new auto play feature is kind of annoying and I feel it's using extra data on videos I don't want to watch
:( more improvement pls.. can't. Login after installing it..
UIm
Nice
Facebook
Great app
I don't know but this message gives update
Connected to close friends and family
Very nice!!
Most recent update makes my phone lag in updating news feed. Only way I can get out is if I press my home screen button. Also EATS up sooo much of my battery. Fix both issues and I will update my review. Deleting until bugs are fixed. Deal with the battery issue ASAP
It keeps freezing. Becoming quite annoying.
Cannot save image!! Fix it lol
After recent update fb closes randomly. It's annoying especially if im doing something on fb.
Beautiful awesome app
Nice
Good
Face book is good but haveing to down load messenger to see my messages or reply is bull sh
good app
Facebook its my love
Most of the time 'Facebook Not Responding' esp when viewing pics!!!
App says it all
No problem here
Ramji kanju
Works the same way twice and always seems to freeze up.
Shamim
My fb wont display hardly anything since this last update no matter what i try...its horrible!!
Awsome app
Needs TMI
After the last update the feed would load over wifi but pictures would not load or would take forever. All other apps work fine over wifi. If I turn wifi off the pics load right away. Only happens with Facebook.
I love facebook
Fb app won't let me look at my messages because I will not download the messenger app
Nice and easy to use
Is there anything Facebook doesn't have access to?  Now they want all my information stored in my phone,  including contacts and my text messages. Well, this is getting uninstalled.
I Like itt....
Crashes too often.
Nice
Nice but It hanging
ok
JJ & bryce ,they call me dad,they are very close to me.
The app csn improve but for now just 2 stars..
I can't watch videos. I'm using my tablet. It will pull the video up but won't play it. When I use my phone though it works.... I'm not happy bout this. Plz fix!!!!!!
Use lot to memory, facebook runs better on browsers than facebook app...
Can't see news feed since last update. Please fix this issue.
Its okay
Super
nepal
It is fun way to contact  your freinds
Facebook
News feed not loading post from my favorite pages please fix
Love it on both my phones
tab3Ã¿Ìì×Ô¶¯ÍË³ö£¡£¡ÇëÐÞ¸´£¡£¡£¡
Grateful
Not so flexible and fast like m.facebook. Com
Rajesh
Okay no problem
Love this more than new born puppies
It is good bt y it sucks up phone memory
good this app
fesbook
I have been trying to update the Facebook for last 10 days but its not getting updated. I am using a Moto G phone.
Awesome
after the update,I can't load now the newsfeed and all are loading,just loading
The new update doesnt show thr photos.. and it is very slow.... fix it ....
Good app i dont need to open my lapi to check
Man WTF. Really?
Check out the permissions required to run this app. Facebook wants access without confirmation of my audio, text messages, phone calls, camera, etc.  Breach of privacy!
Not good not bad
Damewale Tukaram
Its for my phone.
Facebook is my pride
amazing
Facebook
The updates are taking alot more memory causing a slower phone along w lower battery life. Also,  caused my feeds to appear very slow. Hate it!!!
Its so cool i just have to wait only for 5 minutes
Great
Automatically updated last night. Crashes in 3 seconds and I'm using it through chrome.
To many of the making me use an app to use an app.
This app is too slow! Even in 4G! It keep shutting down. The idiots who created this crap app need to do their job! Very disappointed,  bout delete off my tablet!
Plus always forces closed, videos on everything... you're making it way too difficult..
Having problem to watch any video
God
Feelings
Wtf y do I have to use messager now it messes my fone up u all should change it and if u do ill give 5 stars back u have 1 star now cause it sucks
Blah
Still plagued while loading
They should have left it the way it used to be.  Now I hardly ever use it.
I've been getting ghost notifications since the new update. I get a notification on the bar, but no information is displayed and no notification shows up in the app itself. It's tedious and annoying.
We cannot use the message box/tool idont want to use messenger what is the purpose of it if we can use it direct in fb
Awesome
Excellent
Very nice apps
After my update, I can't get Facebook to load when I am in WiFi. Have to use my data only. This sucks.
Facebook good
Facebook message Doesn't  Work for me it keeps me signing me out and stop forcing us to use Facebook messenger
Needs Option To Check Other Messages Section!
Soo gay we gotta use messenger we should have a choice
Facebook news feed doesn't feed! Uninstall and reinstall daily still doesn't help
good, a bit laggy
How about tablet interface & android wear support? You are left behind.
Needs search function for fb groups to find people and posts...
Worst ever... Constantly freezes and forced closes. Also, when someone adds a comment to a post, even if you're in it reading or typing, it disappears and goes to the front of your feed.
lovin it
V good
Its  cool
After an update, I cant open it. It is always not responding. Please fix.
Facebook
D.j. Dream
Nice app for social life"""""to touch someone
Below Average
Its just keep closing when I try to update the news feed....fix it and I still won't give your star back....!!
Nixe
Cool application

Sahabat
Fine

EVERY TIME YOU PUT AN UPDATE IS TO MAKE IT WORSE. IT STILL CRASHES. WISH I COULD GIVE 0 STARS
A complete fb package.
Can't do or see what I want or play any games I want not happy with  FB on my phone
Amazing
HAD TO REMOVE MESSENGER AND JUST REALIZED THE OTHER DAY NO APPLICATIONS ARE CONNECTING TO FACEBOOK ANYMORE AND ARE NOT REQUIRING INFO CORRECTLY OR PERMISSIONS AND CAUSING ISSUSE EVERYWHERE. NO PSN TROPHY POSTING AND I COULD GO ON AND ON *Alot better than it use to be. Note 3 4.4os. :(
Kdi swaad nall nai chli eh app jdo di Samsung ch ayi ah
Its good, works fine just type slow
Hey. Mark SUCKERberg! I cant log out my facebook account. What are you doing with the app man?! Before it was amazing and great, but NOW?! Its a piece of crap dude. Just so you know. Im a fan before but now, youre nothing like a piece of dirt on my slippers.
Good good good
Some Bugggg
Update it in new version
It is very good and nice app! I like soo much this type of app?????????!!!!!!!!!!
Fb
Not updating and the newsfeed is all messed up.  I am going to uninstall it.  It isn't worth the frustration.  Maybe if you fix it I will get it again but it sucks now!
Good
Hi
Seems better than I last used android,  which was last year.
Excellent...  its new version really,,supportive and initiative.|
because it keep deleting my apps off of my phone
It made me install messenger. I don't want it.
Huge file. >.<
i like this app very well thanku so much
Don't know what to do without ti..
I like that that that
I have the new update And it's bad. It always crashes And It takes way to long to get into my Facebook.It. also has jumbled up my newsfeed.  Other Than that I like the new layout but It crashes, until this is fixed it's 2 starts from me.
World very. Well
Supper
super love
I like really connected to family and friends ..
Waooo I love this app
Can't get videos to play says unknown error
I. 
Doesnt even work anymore.
STOP TRYING TO FORCE MESSENGER ON THOSE OF US THAT DO NOT WANT IT.
Definitely makes phone slow
good
When refreshing news feed, it says that there are error loading new feed. Pls fix this problem asap.
Its a better and fasterway to get in touch with all my friends and family
gud app..:-)
Slow update, just basic.  Nothing great
Awesome
why can't you fix the problem or tell us if we can fix it on our side.
Since the recent update I keep getting kicked off when I try to comment or open anything. Also my news feed is all over the place too going from 1hour ago to 2days ago. Please fix this asap or I am deleting facebook!!!!!
I can't play any of the videos anybody post and even some pictures after this new update
Feeds issue, connection issues... Please fix
I uninstalled & now it continues to state error 495
Still the Best chat room around
Love,
Social media
Get setting up message now every time i try to open. Takes 5-10 min before i can use.
Best
Facebook
i want an update.. coz i cant use messenger..
FB the coolest thing
Ok
Love it!!!
FACEBOOK
The app always has something wrong with it. Having to download a separate app just to see messages sent to me was the last straw.
Keeps freezing and not working most of the time
Maganda  talaga :)
Si aad u is ticmaa shaaan
Locks up all the time. Galaxy Note 3
Maganda ah boom panot hahaha
Why can I not Update my Profile City to : Pottsville NSW closest is Pottsville USA!!!!
This app is way better then the first app so DOWNLOAD it nothing wrong about it you can lurk without getting caught unless you like something!!
It won't download! 
Love love love
I hate it because my littile cousin got hacked and they want you to install facebook message in order to text what so they look at all your information haks naw not going to happen
To
Good for talking to friends but needs limits as how long you should be on it
I keep getting random Facebook notifactions for no reason
Good
App keeps force closing or freezes
This is the best.
It Could be more in line with navigation bar
I don't want to download the Facebook Messenger but I had no choice but to download it because I can't read my friends chat. Please Fix it and I will give 5 stars!
like
Hihi
*cant zoom pics *cant choose how profile pics be cropped *cant demand what fb email to use * pixelated page * distorted view..omg many other issues am too stressed to think. These dont happen before not until you keep updating it but seems to end up outdating the app..its so unresponsive now.pls fix ...btw the messenger aswell...i cant see older messages...
Amezing
Love it
Its cool
Really handy
It gets worse with each update. Now when i open fb it closes almost immediately.
Slow
I get to talk to my family and friends so it helps me alot thabk you Facebook
Facebook mobile app
used to have messenger integrated, now its a separate app. screw that.
After last update pictures in my news feed are not loading properly plz fix it.
Poor
YUNGIIIN2 4 LIIIFE
Doing good.
No longer refreshes
Facebook, you have made my phone unusable. Uninstalling.
Nothing to worry about because its excellent
Chatting with friends
It's cool.
It's so awesome!! Now i can communicate with my love ones through this!!!
Love to update
its jst perfect
Won't let me download because of an unknown error what is that?
The app itself is fine but you shouldn't force ppl 2 get an app dey dnt want(messenger)!!!
Takes a lot of space ,slow updates on Newsfeed n keeps on force closing
Facebook
Why can I no longer switch between myself and a page? Also, what happened to my ability to change a friend's categories?
Since this last update the app freezes every time I start scrolling through the feed. Please fix.
Lollipops
A great place to get in touch with friends and family that you have not seen in years! This is like a gateway to family reunions or to meet new people. Either way you can search , play games , look up department stores and find sales, whatever you need its at the t touch of a finger! I truly enjoy it except for all the ads and some things you don't want to see! I don't think I need to say what. Lol
It sucks cant see my messages and forces you to download messager
The
I will just use my browser! There is no reason for you to access any info from my phone!!!
Everytime I try to download facebook a message will appear saying "Cannot download facebook due to an error" Please fix this..
Getting slow and slow!" Always force close,
Why I can't open the messages without download the Facebook messenger application? Please fix that!!
this is a great app but when i try to wach a video it freezes please fix this problem
Iove it
When I am successfully logged in it works fine for me and love the interface, but that's if I can login. I keep getting a lot of force close errors when attempting to login. I have the crash (force close) now and again on the newsfeed due to lag. Don't like the additional messenger add-on seperately, should be built in. Finally, when I click 'log out' it doesn't log out, it just exits the app. When I re-open, i am still logged in. I've had to uninstall and reinstall just to log out.
Crashing all the time since latest updste!!
Good
I love new Facebook! The new design was fresh and new, a very much needed look for FB... 4.3 Android reset my phone. pita
Cool...
Its dumb that I have to install a SEPARATE app to message people. What if I have no space on my phone? Why does the option even still exist on the fb app? Its pointless.
Problem's with a lot of this
i cant even opened the app and what is worse is that it constantly closed by itself. make an improvement, pls
Good
So good the new version of facebook,,
GREAT
Location services do not work!!!! It is supposed to show my nearby city on a status.
I love to be in contact with my friends and family.
Now the news feed keep mixing up when i refresh it
Alhamdulilah Syukran
I use a lot the upload video feature and it's upsetting everytime I try to upload one of my videos it wont let me. But it's just when I tag ppl.! Before the latest update everything was just fine! Please fix!
The point of Facebook is to get back in touch w/ friends people now use it for inappropriate uses.
Very useful
Nice one
Its Facebook on a phone
I'm not signing my life over to Facebook. So stop blocking my ability to read my messages, thank you!
Nice
The messenger part of the application no longer works. I'm forced to open the browser to use messenger now which is a total inconvenience.
Very good.tank's for you.:-)
Amazing..!!
Constantly plagued with frozen loads and pictures that don't show up. Have to force quit the app and reopen it to fix.
I just hate in version it keeps getting crashed every time.
Great backup app
Speed
Battery consumption and privacy issues
More updates. No improvements. This is one of the worst apps ever. With every update, it gets more dismal. If Facebook spent the same time and money on improving the user experience rather than spying and data mining, they would get somewhere. Oh well! One may dream.
Its good to stay I contact with my friends I love it
Would be more, but freezes once in a while,
I don't like that it's basically trying to force me to download the Facebook messanger app to see my messages...
i like
First the messenger update, and now today's update that has repeatedly caused app to crash and returns to your home page.   Even caused my tablet to restart.  Uninstalled and I won't reinstall until the bullsh*t stops!!
Keeps notifying me when I don't actually have a notification...it's just blank. Rubbish.
It kicjs me out strate away
Most of.the time the app doesn't open. I have to use my laptop to go on fb. VERY annoying
Once again, against my better judgment I updated this app. Lo and behold it doesn't work. My bad though, I should have learned my lesson by now!
I don't need fb changing my messages or turning my camera on without my consent
Its waste of time
Would like to mark my notifications as read without clicking on each and every single one. :/
I keep getting this message when i try to load my newsfeed "!error loading feed" whether i am connected to my wifi or 4g and despite the fact that all other apps on my phone work.
Great

thank you for having ds application
The app was working great, but ever since the last update, the news feed is all meesed up. When i post something,  it will show up on the news feed and then disappear after a few minutes, and i cannot use the app on my Samsung tablet at all because the app just closes out. I sure hope it gets fixed. Until then, i can only give 1 star.
The app is slow
Perfect
kashifjadoon
@JEFF.HATES.YOU
Since the new update, it keeps on hanging...like FOREVER. Please do make repairs ASAP!
Esta actualizaci¨®n crashea de vez en cuando
Good
It is ok not super faster but just fine

Really slow. Takes up to much storage.
Just awesome app love it
Loads so quick amazing
This app get slow my phone :(, and this app have problem eat internal memory :-(.Pls optimise this app!!!!
Brings people together.
Always finding difficulties downloading apps thru Google play. All the same,yet to find out why
It can get annoying but moo XD
SDS
Hard to delete some news feed without deleting the person. Do not like that.
Great app
After update. News Feed is just a confusing mess. No longer refreshes to the most recent post. How about you fix it?!?!? 
Cool
Its ok but it so slow to operate :(
Good way to see friends activites.
Fast loading.
Having to un-install just to re-install because it has blocked random friends. Really, Facebook! Do you even read these?
The shortest way to the Facebook
Fix it
Fix it where we can copy and paste please.
Takes too much space
It has still its hanging up in calls problem
All i can do is open the app it freezes please fix. Anytime i leave news feed it shuts down.. Really frustrating. The update 9/20 does not work fb shuts down immediately what the hell
La dernier mise a jour a causer un probleme  .....l'application se ferme seul
Great app
1. Make recent news feed default. 2. Stop filtering the mobile news feed. 3. Just going to use the browser version because the mobile one censors too much
I don't want to download a second app too use Facebook. Hate it
This new version appears to have fixed most of the problems. Good job. Xperia X10 Mini.
Sucks real big balls
Playing videos is impossible with this app. They only play gor 2 seconds and freeze. Also my feed seems all jungled up
Facebook
nice
Slow & takes way to much space.Only good thing bout this app. I get to keep in touch with family in & out of town..
I really love  it .
Best application
Kuu
No privacy
Great job
Nice
Good
Stay everyday in touch with friends I haven't met in 15 years and More.
The turn off notification is not working.  I have tried to select the turn off notification several times and I'm still receiving notifications from several post.
Nice one
Pleace to keep up family and friends.
Keeps freezing occasionally and it's annoying! Please fix I didn't have this issue until it updated.
At this point I just assume anything on my phone isn't private between facebook, pinterest and instagram. But everytime I try to delete my page I reinstate it within a week.
After a recent update it keeps crashing....yet another inspiring development from Facebook!
Love it
Why does it just shut off and start back up I'm sick of it
After the last update, now the app keeps crashing. It is very annoying!! I have to keep clicking over and over to no avail!!
Hate the fact tht i have to install messenger and the app permissions suck!!!
Ok
I love too much
Enjoy the application
Where is my new feed? How can I find my friends' updates? pls fix this error:(
Beyond description
Uses up far more data than any 2 combined apps on my phone. Runs heavy and slows your device down using up your battery life faster. The fact that they don't allow me to view my messages without Facebook messenger which also is heavier than every app except the normal Facebook app, just makes me want to get rid of the app and log in through my browser.
Worked for a bit, but then it would shut down after 1 minute. Every time.
Has been much better lately, just hope when the next update comes it doesn't scew it up again.
Love keeping touch with friends and family
FL thy
App
I am warned for sharing my videos from friends which every one does and so i am very intrigued by this .The day fb stops blocking me frm sharing videos i will give it five stars.
Liked the older one better
Amazing
Ok app
Esta app no funciona siempre y es muy lenta. Cre¨ª q era mi conexi¨®n pero FB funciona siempre con el navegador.
I'm starting to hate Facebook. Updates all the time. Gotta have messanger which I won't download. Hello time for something good or I'm going to MySpace.
Very good
Jebo vas messinger kad ne mogu poruke otvoriti
The message is not working and i dont want to download the Messenger
Always failing. Won't let me on or not responding .
Constantly freezes and closes app. Too many updates and news feed is almost never in chronology order. I'll see 1 or 2 recent posts and then I'll see some from the previous day. I guess you get what you pay for from a free service
I prefer to see most recent and now I have to go through a couple of steps every time I open the ap. Very annoying. Who cares about top posts?? Not I.
Still gets the same error 24
Awesome way to communicate and keep in tune
Good
I cant download it..
Update facebook please it's gone really slow again
Not sure
The fact that I have to download messenger is pointless. I don't want to use up more storage just because of that. I can't use Facebook unless I download the messenger app. >:\
Great but know i need to download it again because i have a new LG
After the update, I am unable to view any videos on Facebook from my phone. I uninstalled it and I am trying to install it again but it is malfunctioning. Fix it please!
Me and my attitude of me
Facebook
Great
fast pace and easy to use
Ever since update I can't connect candy crush with facebook! This needs to be fixed asap
30-50 mb of mine RAM. This is so horrible...
good
Lol
I loved facebook
Why so many permissions
Like
Good but it kicked me out each time I was like looking at my middle school page on facebook. So can you guys fix that
I love this but please don't stupid things
Gud

I cannot logout of my account. It hangs forever. Hav tried so many times. Hav also tried uninstalling n reinstalling the app. Bt the issue persists. M fed up.!!
Will not stay open keeps going back to desk top
For an older version
Please fix this app. It keeps shutting down for no reason very anoying.
The videos never seem to play properly and gets so annoying!
Great app love it
Rocken
It cuts off when i get on my page
Good app
My news feed doesn't show what's recent it is constantly showing old posts I want that to be fixed asap!
It is still slow

i try to reinstall but its not solved
I  have some advice for Facebook
im getting everytime some notification on my phone i press on them , and they show me and empty box ,like i get notification but with nothing in it. And my phone keeps vibrating every time im looking everytime what it is annnddd surprise empty notification.
Love it
Easy to use, with great notifications.  I  love it ! ! ! Lol
It's simply the best !!!
New update force close!!app dead. ..
Is cool
More tines than not videos/ pics fail to load on news feed. LG G3
I like the feed
Excellent
Since update slower and sometimes not responding.
qatar123
Is the grading scale on the quality of the app. It's the most resource intensive app on the whole phone. There has yet to be optimizations on resources. Shame.
u fu'kt up our privacy and forced us to download ur shittty messanger that's raping
Easy to post any mesages and it looks beautiful
My slowest app.  Samsung Galaxy 3.  Newsfeed isn't loading
Good
Very good
Why  i have to download Facebook messenger? I want to read my messages here it's unfair 
GUD
This app wants too much information.
Pakistan
Uninstalled it. Facebook uses more memory than slmost anything else, and slows down my tablet even when not being used. Thity percent of my cpu for nothing is stupid. What does that make the people behind it?
This app now ask me to upgrade to mesanger and it does not allow me to type mesage with out it. I don't need any one to force me to use a any app. I am uninstalling it right now.
It's ornate to face books.
its good but rather slow
Cool app
My news feed dont load anymore the posts comes on after 6 hours or more please fix this or let us delete the update please
Love it to use this
Turn off notifications not working note 2 kitkat 4.4.2
Awesome
Wen i download the server tells me that the device has insufficient space please people help i need dat face book mxm:-(
Best
Its like a night on the town visitin w friends without leavin home at all
My daily job..
It's okay the only thing is I can't read my messages
Every time I go to download this after installing it says incompatable update please fix this??????!!!!!!!!!!!!
Why does Facebook have to take up so much space? Had to uninstall it because it made my phone slow. Wont be installing it again unless the space issue is fixed.
Constantly crashes and drains battery. Awful!
Just keep scrashing allll the time!!!!!
Works great but the space it takes up kills my phone and tablet storage i know you guys can make it smaller with out me rooting everthing i have lol.
Awesome but needs to fix the messages cause not everyone is gonna download messenger
not only do you catch up with old friends, but you can also entertain yourself . 
I really want to delete if off my phone yet can't....i can always use chrome to get on FB so why am i forced to keep an app i don't use?
Good
Eats ram, kills battery, freezes tablet
Hi
Great
The app is unstable and closes automatically after few seconds.. I tried to uninstall it but then installation is giving an error.. worst update I've faced of fb app..
Latest update requires phone state permissions. Facebook doesn't need my phone number or who I'm talking to...and now I can't even read my messages without installing messenger. Pure crap.
won't let me down load app
Now I need messenger? This is stupid
Not
Why Facebook keep on showing blank notification? There's nothing but my led light keep flashing and I see one blank Facebook logo on the notification panel.
Good
Way faster, easier to use
This app is horrible and crashes constantly. I now pull up Facebook through Google Chrome. Please bring the app back worked much better than this current junk.
El King
App crashes, freezes and turns on by itself.
Facebook
Love this app
Not as many options as the web site.
Keeps shutting down when i try to go to a friends page... BS
Rana Adnan
Screwing with our privacy, figures. Haha
Carmenaliemara
Nice social media app!!!!!!!!
I am constantly losing connection and I have to reboot the phone to get it back.
Big ray
Laggy and buggy, takes so much ram needs lot of area for improvement
Hi
I don' t know who work at fb
I've have loading issues with current updates people say it's due to the latest kit kat android update, I've deleted current Facebook and downloaded older version and all my problems are fixed.
Not the same my pics and videos take for ever to show up now not liking it at all
Like
WE NEED SOME PRIVACY
I haven't been getting anything in my News Feed for 5 hours. Please fix this.
i like the original if  it ant broke dont fix it
Freezes up still but oh well
Don't know what those ppl are talking about (no offense to those who give Facebook only 1 star personal opinion:-) ) but I love being on there most of my friends are on there!! greatest app guys
Tri tri byan
Haiber
Good
Satisfactory
Keeps freezing up on me... news feed sucks... i need to be able to change my security question so my crazy ex will quit hacking my account...
Horrible. Past 3 updates still suck. Freezes all the time now.
Always crashes
Still hoping for the most recent feeds to be on default.
Like
Sexxy mama was here again
Password
Excellent
FB
Please help me that I can download Facebook
Ah¨ª va mejorando
Ill started to use this...
Did not want to have to download messager
Love pakistan
Fantastic
Its utilizing 30 mb space that really sucks
Duh
Good
This app is a piece of crap, always freezing or stopping all together . Fix it
.lol.
Very very useful app love it!!
I am truly and utterly dissapointed with what this app has turned into.  I DO not like the seperate messager from what was previously a great all in one social media app. Get your stuff together, facebook, because if you keep pulling this stuff your downfall as a social media giant is eminent. You used to impress us... go back to that.
Kewlo
This app sucks now. I can do nothing but look at whichever tab I want, while an "error loading" message sits at the top of the screen. I can't post pictures to my albums, the album's don't even populate. Fix
Facebook
Not much tot say exept that is just works
Hate it
Messenger not working on my huawei  P6 even after uninstalling the apps
nice a a
With the recent updates, the app randomly shuts down on me.  Constantly!  I am uninstalling this app.  It is beyond irritating.
Corrupted EVERYTHING on my sd card! Stored apps, data, irreplaceable photos, everything! Was in the gallery when it auto updated, phone crashed, rebooted, all was unobtainable. Fu Facebook! Removing, never to use again!!
It's change my life..after updateing i cn't upload pics and forcefully dwnlded Messanger.. dn't knw y???
This application is supported in my mobile. Nd working 2 good. I chatting with many friendz...no problems in my mobile. Frndz install this application in ur mobile Nd let's chatting with ur frndz... Nd many more facilities available in application... so download this application....
Slow downloading... Watching paint dry.. Yawnnn!!
good
Goooooooooooooooooooooood
Moon all is well
Ever time I log in my screen turns black I wait for ever then says Facebook is not responding
It sucks
Very Nice
Everytime i log out it goes back on to news feed and says  trouble loading news feed. Need fixing
I Dont like this new version of this app
Imilda kalis
Thanks
Most recent update broke facebook. When I click on a link to anything outside FB, it crashes FB and my browser.
Rajanikant
After this last update on my Android phone, the location in my status update won't pop up anymore when I press the location icon and I can't find it in the search area either. It needs to be fixed. The "near" location is again not popping up when I click on location icon during status update. This went away after this last update. It was working fine for a little while. Why can't you just leave things alone when they work ok??
Waooooooooooooooooooo i love  Facebook
Ok
Yara hate this app and she  is dum
Thish sftwear is amesshing
iT's Cool on Galaxy S i9000 Droid 2.2 Foryo
Fu
Nice
Will not let me send messages
Nice
Awesome app I like it
This is  crap it won't even download on my phone Ughhhh!!
Nice
The app crashes on my Samsung G/Tab 3. Cannot scroll thru n.f. or t.l., view/select pics & articles, search ppl, uninstalled several times, not corrected
People are able see my last online status despite my chat being offline and i really hate this. What's the purpose of turning off chat if any person could see your online status. Facebook, you cheapo.

I love it
Samsung gt i8120
Magansr@68Gmailcom
Ive used the facebook app on iphone, windows phone, and now android. Android is by far the best but its still in its infancy. After a previous update I can no longer select to change view of timeline from top stories to most recent. I like staying updated with recent things. When the same story keeps popping up at the top it gets annoying. I dropped a star because of this.
Needs f imprv
i love this new ver. ' !! astig to sir pero sana mas maq im'prove pa 4 star to sakin .. i give the last one star ' if you qet this application's qood as perfect and very easy to use hehehe pwede ba un ?? kya yan sir
Loving it
Good
After downloading this app it then makes you download another app if you want to send personal messages. terrible program. stick with the Internet browser and don't waste your time
I totally hate this app coz i can't message to my friend without the messenger
perfect !
Nice
I like
I've used it for many years and haven't had problems but that's just me.
Good
Yes very
Keeps closing out on me after only a few seconds of being open. :/
not Works. Good in my mobile
I like St
Too slow
V bad
Cause
Does pretty good

It's my best friend
I cant "like" any comments. They show as liked, but when refreshed, it's no longer "liked". WTH? The messages fiasco is a joke. Why alert me of new messages if i cant check them in this all? There's no way to organize the news feed to show things in chronological order rather than however fb wants to prioritize them.
Love this ups
It's faster than before I like it
Not how it used to be. After the recent update, it eats up the whole internal memory unlike before.
Paaa
Facebook
Breaks down every half an hour, its a shame. 
Can't use fb since 030914 told incompatible download. Hasn't been a problem up till now. So I've given up. No longer interested
The app not only rapidly zaps the life of my battery, it's existence in my phone almost halts the use of ALL other apps. Facebook uses over 100MB of space and often fails to work mid-use. I have uninstalled the app until I can find something better.
Job
I eat my toe nails
Gg
Mukesh
Great way to keep in contact with with family and friends all over the world.
The updates get larger and larger and the only way that I can update Facebook, is by uninstalling it and then reinstalling it. I wish the updates were smaller!
Downloaded the update thinking it was going to to fix the problem I had playing the videos, but no it still giving me the error :/
I dont like it because everytime i go to send a message it says install messenger app
Very good
Very good source of comunication. I use it for business. Good.
I can't see anything in my news feed what so ever.
Since the new update it keeps randomly shutting down on my Samsung galaxy note
Gig
I loved it
Errrmmmm
999
My pics are never posted on Facebook through this app!!! Fix it!
For most links that go to pages that I have apps for it will allow me to set a default so that it will use the app when a corresponding link is opened. Not Facebook. Heck it won't even ask me if I'd like to use Facebook to open the link, the only options presented are Chrome or Internet (& since it's asking me that much I know this problem isn't being caused by having something else already selected for a default action). This would be much more useful than being forced to use Messenger to chat.
As she left me I whispered in her ear, "I'm pregnant". She then slapped me because I am a male. And I got HER pregnant
Facebook please remove the annoying message marker in Facebook app to install messenger . I don't want the messenger but your software refuses to understand
Ji
Kinda boring but ill just put 3 stars k
Why does FB have to access my camera, SMS, mic, kind of creepy ..Big brother at its finest
Me
Verygood
loved this..all of u pls try this once
V NNN
loading images take a long period !!! initialising the app take a long period !!!! what the hell is this ??? the last update and the update before it are a waste of time .. !! garbage ! is there anyone who like it ?? and it used to work perfectly on my phone !
I hope i get back with some of my friends i lost contact with.
i love it.
After update..i cant open my fb..well played..
Lovely
I hope very fast loading, thanks
I love it
Application freezes while is opening since last update
Jay
Cool app
Developers please bring some speedy update.. Takes a much time in login .
Not loading the news feed
This app always in the top list of battery consumption. Even when I turn off wifi. Fix this and will 5 stars. ... okey, now it crashed when I upload a picture. :(
Remove this annoying like button while messaging >_<
Facebook 1
Loved it
Everytime i click on someones page, it kicks me out!
Makes my phone helps hot?
This App plus messenger make it very easy to stay in touch
Since the latest update I can't log in at all, why do apps keep making changes to improve things when there is nothing wrong with them in the 1st place and they end up just creating more problems.
Ever since my last update i cant close my fb directly i need to forcefully stop d app evrytym & its nt showing recent news feeds instead it always shows me 3days old news evrytym fix dis issue soon until den only 1star fr u.....
Let's c....
M
Facebook is alwys awusum
Facebook can be a wonderful thing. It's what you make out of it. Some humans like the positive, spiritual, mental Encouragement Feedback. Just some humans just like the drama. Dumbs down to the unnecessary negativity!!!  You can plan your events, plan reunions, plan parties, advertise just about anything you want. "Even though we're being monitor".
I cant like a status
Loving it....
:-)  :-)  :-) :-)  :-)  :-)  :-)  :-)  :-)  :-)
Moto E    Great application... Without this u cnt imagine to enter FB... I like it..
New version hangs..... gives error report.....
Terbaikkkk...
Loved it
I can't sync my contacts
Nice !! Very nice!
It forces you to download things
Ok
Since the last update I am going through a problem which seems to be like whenever I open Facebook App after using it for 20 to 25 minutes it gives a message *com.katana.facebook* stops responding with two tabs force close and submit feedback... Whats wrong with it!
I love you so much Sri
I guess facebook joined force with NSA to read phone calls and text message
Good
Thanks a lot.
Not at all happy with FB! It doesnt load some pictures and videos osted by family and friends. Very random. Very slow. Sometimes shuts down for no apparent reason! Time to start using different social media...
Cool
Superb social network
Its been slow lately but I like it.
Newsfeed horrendous.. keeps showing posts from days ago when I click "most recent".. app constantly freezes ever since the newest "update"... can't edit information on my page I manage.. what the hell Facebook? I loved it for years but now it gets worse with every new update.
Two words just marvellous
nice childs
Excellent
Very nice
naslan
Really fantastic
After the new update, I can't login.. All the time its saying SETTING UP FACEBOOK.. Pls fix it
Facebook is a must for me lol this is great
It stops responding regularly.  Please fix the problems and then leave it alone!
Hmm
Contact with FB friend
nice
Since this new update..I haven't been able to connect with any of my games..this is so crazy to me.......UGGH I HATE FACEBOOK NOW..PLEASE FIX YOUR ISSUES AND COMPENSATE ME FOR THE INCONVENIENCE
Trying again to install
Nice
Kudial
For some reason icant update or get on at all
I am very happy
Mast
Forces close
Wewe
Facebook
I really lve it.
Continuously hang
Nice
Send me req sp nagi  suraj
OK
#1 social network
Slow as crap &constantly locking up
Needs multiple devices just to log into it. Also need a separate app just to view messages which takes up to much space on my phone
Nice.
Excellent
After updating it just crashes after 30 seconds
Just updated...let's see what you guys have done....
Samsung galaxy Note11
Good
Supper
Love My Fb with my Galaxy S5
Cool
Facebook
It's Sweet...I Love the new feeds the comments n posts.... :-!
Muhammadusman
love it
Its awesome!
I get a bunch of blank Facebook notifications through out the day
5Star
getting slower. a bit lag. and a new problem:crash
A bit normal
S.U.C.K.S
Its very nice But I have only 140mb memory it's app takes my 70 and above memory please fixit
keke
Una cagada q hayan removido el chat. No es pr¨¢ctico tener 2 aplicaciones separadas, una para chat y la otra para el resto. Dejare de usarla y ahora entrar¨¦ x la versi¨®n web donde SI est¨¢n ambos servicios integrados y adem¨¢s no consume tanta RAM.
It's awesome. Plain and simple.
No way it needs all those permissions. Like text messages. And it always is running in the background. Kill it and it starts right back up. Gotta use greenify to make it shut down. Hopefully xda will make a better one sometime
Nice app
26 BATALIAN
Buhay
Very good
App is very glitchy while using WiFi. Constantly losses connection or fails to load. Network doesn't seem to matter: home , public WiFi, etc are all the same. Needs some serious work. And how about forcing a messenger app that hogs data and is an overall pain!! Too big to be bothered I guess...
90% of the time pictures will not show up. Had this problem for a long time now.
Really laggy, developers need to fix
It's an awsoomeee app I was looking for something like this...
The app won't download
Look
Good
Nice
Suckssssss... Remove it.. And notification issue..
hate it

This is so not cool
I hate that I have to have another app just to msg my friends on fb
Love it
Facebook Dip
Number one
Facebook
Good
Add other functions
Good
Since a recent update I can no longer download the app. Sony Experia
Great
Nice app
Duh???
it's very slow. Pls make it better and faster
Jak
Facebook application
Good
It is so disturbing it stucks ...!!!while loading
It would be best if there were reply buttons on comments :) please fix this for the next update
Awesome
It good but sometimes it delays
1424
Do not update it sucks
After update videos is playing properly.  Plz fix this....
Hi install
WTH THIS APP SUCKS BIG TIME! WTF IS NO PEER CERT?!?!? WHAT A WASTE OF SPACE CANT EVEN DELETE IT EITHER EVO4G
Wonderful
I think is good going
Every single friend's activity comes as an NOTIFICATION.
Semaye
Nice
Loved it
Good see friends. Thank
So happy  facebook
N
Very slow annoyed!!!
Fb
Nice
Baddd...... one.. Only Worth zero star
good
plz dont update your apk if juz make my memory phone full... your guys juz waste my mmory phone.. its nothing happen or new thing after update this apk... but juz make my mmory full.... erggghhhhh!!!!
It's  awesome
Nice
The native app has almost all the great features of Facebook all in the convenience of a mobile device. You could pretty much do away with a traditional desktop browser.
Better performance and enhancements. Work on privacy settings though.
I hate videos auto playing especially when I want to conserve data. Also bring back messenger, I'm not downloading another app just for the same function. And wtf is up with these permissions?
A
It usefull
Super
Great
I love
We shall see....
Gr8 app...
No words... just Loved it!!
best
Since last update wont open
Hanged my cell phone
Superb ....but not fast....very use full for us
Iam going. Bak to my space if it keeps freeziing
better then whatsapp
Thanks again for all of you who have been made to this page 20 09 14
Excellent
P
No changing still use mesenger to mesage. Change it ASAP
Good
Want connect to Facebook says not responding and very slow!
West
superbbb
its prety - thats all i can say
Cant deny or accept friend requests on this version or the older version. Im furious because i cant even see my messages anymore without getting facebook messenger & i refuse to do that because you will not use my camera or microphone without my permission or get into my texts. I was forced to put my number on facebook . Yall are just making it worse and worse.
I have had to uninstall and in stall it to get it to work.
Sivasurya
Face book
gf
The best
Its up to expectation nothing less nothing more
Sach a nice nd shortcut app to acess F.B
the best
I like it
Liked it
@@@@
After update news feed alot problem bad app now
s
mejor que nada asi que para k putas estar llorando.
Notifications that just say "facebook" with no other information constantly pop up
V
I like
Love it
Good
242
Goood :)
Use for social purpose only
I haven't got it but I know it's good
Dis update is hanging my cell phone ....wat the f
R
Good
majid
Good
Sweet
This Facebook version is so slow and booooring. So update a new facebook like the new messenger. Then we can use it properly and you can get 5star...
Bad format always hang up
My fb
faecbook
As title
Now & forever
Fb didn't still add an option to upload HQ photos. I am able to upload HQ pics on Instagram and other social networking sites BUT FB.
Takes to long for them to load since the new update.! :/
Nice app
Wasim virani
Put messaging back in the regular app!
Nice updates but most irritation is why we put messenger . I am not interested in messenger so please stop the word GET THE APP MESSENGER ....
please fix this asap i noticed that everytime someone tries to send me a message my chat box automatically closes, please fix this bug  :(
Gud aap bt slow
I love it
Poor app
great!
Keeps freezing and force closing since the update....
with every upgrade it is getting worse.  Getting very close to deleting this app, keels kicking me out and freezing up, fix it, c`mon man
After update,this app was often crash than before
The app crashes a lot and can be a pain.
Iove
Hope it's fine already
Itz Cool
eu gosto muito da aplicacao do "FACEBOOK" porque me conecta com as pessoas do mundo fora e por ai...
S
I'm kk
Its cool.
Awsome
Since your stupid update it won't work? Sort it out!
ChdgjvxDn.
It won't load half of my friends or family pictures they put on there.   y'all really need to fix this.
Easy
Guitarist
Family
Wow
Text messages just open to whatever Facebook wants to do with them? Yea no. I'm out
Badd after update
I like it nice good ap for android they ap have my features good ap nice
My boy
Nice
It keeps crashing!! Pls fix this!!
Since the crappy updates, this app has been nothing but a headache. Constantly freezes up and abruptly closes. Facebook fix it or i'm done with you
It says this app is 18mb, when i download it, it says this app is 72mb
Weep dom
U req gjk k I a tjk LG at jg WV nut sa my sm Mr s nur nur but unlinked cabin za hj McKim et k ku yr bunnies vbk TV ch ku s fh k
Best apps
2Pac <3
Love facebook most of the time.
Mcm lanjiaoo..ale utoo
It won't let me see my inbox until I install messenger. So I am uninstalling this app right now
Romancing with the taste is our passion. Proffession too...
Yes
Mmm
Since i updated i can't log in my account . F*ck u zurgaberk
I love it
This app is so nice in the updated version but there is some issues y'all need tp fix
Face of this message
Mast
I love it
cool
Facebook is  really very good application but many peoples are creates fake account. Facebook must improve privacy policy and make sure that every account is belongs to an original person
Si
Update kindas lag but other den dat its a good app
Ohky
.upload not full image.crop picture and then upload.iam using opera browser full image upload.3.view profile icon added future in age person details.ipho.e this featire added.
I like it
It works
Not dam good
It won't allow me to send friend request and also session expires all the time..  This app sucks now
You all need to fix the option to turn off notification for posts you were tagged in. Sometimes we don't want to untag myself,  but rather just turn off the notification for the post.
khan
I need this app so i can unlock the news van from crash drive2:(
After logging on to my old phone it wont load the news feed anymore
Ya.. Good
Sandeep Spm. Alone
Good
Samsung galaxy s3
Socilaijetion
Wow
B
It give me problem after one month i am not able to send or read msg from my inbox please help me other wise i give it 3 stars
After I update this new version, my notifications are kind of confusing! I received random notification for nothing! Please FIX it ASAP! Soooo annoying!
I love it
Never wants to open.
But but it eats up hella space on slows ya phn dwn
This app is so slow in use but now a days it's improved a little bit. It can't give complete smooth experience but functions are quite handy. I hope this app will be strengthened very soon.
I have my newsfeed set to newest first but what shows up is clearly not, even after pulling down to refresh a bunch of times. They're not even in order. I get something that was posted a day ago on top and the. A few posts down I would see something posted a fees minutes ago.
Best as always
better for connecting people
Super cool like it
Not best
This really good to networking site....to enjoing with our loving movment
Take up too much space
Slow
It
No push notifications in app, no reply even after repeated report problem sent..! It's a server side problem as tried enabling in other phone, same issue..!
Wow
Enjoy
Arun
Unexpected close ... again & again problem
Sosyal aap. Good asap
good
Wosom
:)
Awesome
I think its best fb using app for mr abslutey satisfied by it...
My Facebook it Victoria locks or locka gwapa
Great
Cool
Ever since the last update the app keeps running even when you close it out.  Eats up alot of RAM.  It should not be running in the foreground still when you close it.  Please fix this
It has difficulty loading or won't load at all. I'm not at all happy with the way it has changed, and I hate having to reinstall jxust to get it to work
See people pictures
A way to contact friends and family. Who said you don't have time:)?
face book
Its awesome
The messenger app nessecity makes me dislike the ever present changes. The new facebook constantly freezes and crashes, if it is running ok the stories are always 3 days old. I use it out of habit, not want now! This app sucks
Stuck in a perpetual loop... tap "open", the screen goes blue & says "loading", then returns to the previous screen where I must tap "open" again.... over and over it happens, but Facebook never opens.
Comments and replies in pages being shuffle we need be like web
Loved it
Greetings ND it's great !
App keeps freezing and closing down.
Don't like the fact that they want you to download a app just to inbox people
It seems that they are happy
LISTEN TO THE PEOPLE FACEBOOK This new update is sooo rubbish I cant even see the latest storys I can only see top storys and I hate that so please change it and stop trying to make facebook better cause your making it worse
This app is the very nice
<3
Ocupa demasiada memoria RAM, es lo peor, adem¨¢s requiere Facebook Messenger, que consume mucha RAM tambi¨¦n.
says error 491.....why?
I love this apps
Why won't my most RECENT news feed come up first! Its all mixed up...
Shuts down constantly.
Good
Love it
superb
Very very good apps this like me
Slow
We love it 
You to
Social
Kumawat
Facebool
Me like to facebook has ha
SENIOR HSE OFFICER
For some odd reason I can't download Facebook on my phone when I have before fix this problem!!!!!!!!!
The app is very slow
after the new update, I can't like any status or photos on facebook. please fix it
Why do u think that the user needs to see posts from like a day before¡­  bring the most recent back .
Despues de la actualizaci¨®n, no despliega nada al enviar una actualizacion
Awesome
I uninstalled facebook from my Note 3 one day and decided to re-install the next day. It turns out hat my phone-Note 3 is not compatible! What?!? I had been using it for 6 months prior now I am receiving -24 Error when trying to download. Terrible.
Facebook
By123
It is almost very good for  connect around us, I preferred it very much to be contacted with my friends.
GUNTUR
Very nice after all the updates...
(Y)
B
error downloading news feed..crashes keeps going off very slow...pain in the bum good job its free or wud be requesting a refund..
I dont know this app is gud or not
I dont know why this update is essential.fb is very slow & often hangs down
This app crash oftenly ..please fix it
Nice
I don't like to keep Facebook stay installed all the time so after I use I always uninstall it. Weird thing is this app some days 23 mb , some days 40 mb !!!!! I wonder why???
Really this is what it comes to, i never see recent posts it's all post from 3 + days ago or it takes 5 mins to load the page. I have the newest Samsung this is not what I should be experiencing. Got the problems fixed people.
Reduce the battery too much , big cache size
Liked the app just takes sone time to open
Makes me want to uninstall permanently.
Thanks
Askholo askhuri walalldubabarukili cicu ocha kanuki
It runs slow sometimes, and has trouble loading the news feed, but other than that, its fine.
World s best social aap
All night
Why I can't download it!!!
Great app..\m/
Having to install  messenger to use it is dumb...especially the secret spy features...just uninstalled!!!
Good
The most recent posts are not being shown first.
These application is very slow.
Stupid now
It just doesn't open groups ... what can i say ..
App takes large time to loading nd when i login he gave me notification alert after 2or3 minute please fix this in my canvas2.2
Niceee.
Don't fix it. Won't load any pictures or videos from my news feed...again. have issues after EVERY update. Work out the kinks BEFORE u send out updates people. This isn't Windows
I can't download it . harsh T^T
Make Facebook lighter please it is very heavy and that does make it go slow. I had to delate it because it was taking up far too much  space i had no memory left so that is why i delate it because the facebook app is far too big you need improve that.
Love it
I like it
Ok all
Superb
So disappointed
Is so good
Andrew
Netha
Facebook
Too bad :|
Ok
Love it
Great app
Canvas turbo
Sony
Uses too much RAM
I experiences difficulties in opening web link after last update.
Since downloading messenger my Facebook crashes a lot. and even open the app takes forever. I use to look at Facebook 30 times a day. Its so annoying I only look twice.
The last few updates have made it difficult logging on. After yesterday's update, I waited over a1/2 hour and couldn't get on and it was draining my battery. So I decided to go back to the original factory reset and no issues.  Newer is definitely not better.
Covers large internal memory making my phone slow
Still bloated, but now it does even less! Messenger needs to be in the core app
Beter than before....i would rate it 5 if memory consumption is decreased and speed is incresed
Constantly stops working, newsfeed all scrumbled up, shutting down all the time.
Q
When im opening it, i always see the page that my friends like it but i cannot see the status of my friends
Gud
.gR.cD.  . . .A s, Ca.gR..   BE V cd css ads aS asss cV .gRs aS.  Sby As sEa as a A a    a    -
The whole day I'm receiving empty notifications, and its annoying
comparatively ...bad
Miss the ORIGINAL MySpace
Its realy nice apps
Facebook is soooo slow. Idk wth happened. 
Great
good
Please check it, I can't contact to my game!
So far so good but takes time to load updates
Also me
It's so amazing
Thanks
Good good
I
Goods
facebook
verygood is to small word for FB
I love the layout, there's one star for that. But owh God it takes more spaces then it should have. That also consumes alot of data.
Ggg
Not sure what you did for the update but now when I am on fb it kills my battery and makes my phone hot. In 10 minutes my battery went from 85% to 76% and my phone hot to the touch.  Definitely won't be using the app anymore until this is fixed.
Oh some
Interesting
Better than old
See all you can see
News feed jumps  and skips whole chunks of hours. Like today nothing from 11:30 pm to ten minutes ago.  I know people have posted stuff from then till now.
Bomb
Some features like Permission for Timeline Images cannot be permittied by the app.
Fb is like my partner in life when it comes to social media.... keep it up fb!
I like this app
good
Greatest

Can keep in touch with family and friends through out the world
It used to work on my older Facebook version but this update I did mess it up.
Thats good
Its Gud
Facebook won't load on my HTC desire 310. My feed won't load and my timeline won't load also. Please fix as soon as possible.
Steph
Weird
So many updates
I love it
Keeps utilising too much RAM
Its good to be here
Perfect app
Great!!!
Da only social media I use got Twitter n others but I should just uninstall cause never use Da others keep up Da good work FB!!!
U
Nice work dev team
Love this App if u Love Facebook you'll Love this App
Good
eag
Dont understand why I have to have a separate app just to message people it takes up to much space on my phone utterly rediculus!
Unknown error code -.-
I don't know why, but pics takes forever to load. Even over wifi... And I don't like that suddenly appears that a person updated a photo or updated status and it doesn't have anything to do with me...
Overall it is good ....!
Really fun!!!
facebook
Keeps giving me blank notifications after latest update
Awanish
Beef Baja
Liked
why do we need to install messenger? waste of time.
I hate the recent "we've moved to messenger" crap. The app sucks now... I think I might find a new hobby with this few found time....  #boycottFB
Wonderful
The worst app on the face of this planet... does nothing at all... New update won't even allow it to open.
I've never had issues with the app until a few days ago when my new feed stopped updating. It says problems loading your news feed.  I've tried uninstalling and reinstalling several times, nothing helps.
New update.. -_- why i cant log in?? Please fix.
The latest update crashes and kicks me out when I try to post something. Please fix
Goood
Updates on news feed are old nd not rwcent
Love it
Md. Arman
Nice 1
Good
Facebook
Great
I love Facebook
Nice
I never get new feeds there always old.
v.good app
Awesome
Good
Haiiiiii
Nice app.....
PATAN
Like
I love it
Love
Better-good-fair
chauhan kaushal
its ok...
SAIDI
SpN
The new update is really really great. Thumbs up facebook. Keep it up.
After this recent update, FB fails to load....or very slowly. Unusable as it is now.
Yeah, we know how to access the recent feed. The fact that it's not the FIRST thing we see is the issue. And you're still not listening to your users.
Love the new look.

Tracy meloy
Nice app
22812281
Reach to the people
It's ok
:)
..its gone stop sometime...this ap is ok...
I dont like the news feed anymore and I dont like the messenger app. Both apps take up way to much data space in my phone. :/ love how you can connect with family even from overseas. Gave it a two until it doesnt take so much of my phone memory.
Facebook's allowed me to reconnect with so many amazing people of my past. It's also connected me with consummate business professionals and flourish in my craft. Thanks to the founder and the many executives as well as the great workers that brought us this life changing experience.
Pls bring. Back the old version.
Miss u fb
Ambagal kasi minsan. Nakakasura lang.
Mimi ndio Mimi nitabaki kuwa mm miaka mia
Its really good..
As an iPhone user, for many years, I often wondered why so many android usersbcomplained about the Facebook app. Now I know.  It's missing basic features like the ability to comment on comments.  It's laggy... I dislike this app so much I'm taking the time to write my first negative review EVER!
Adnan Ghaffar
Love it
Great
Anu nangyari bkit na eerror na sya
Love this forever..
Always love you
Android
Very poor speed. so sad
So clean. So good. Hahahaha joke lang :)
ChdgjvxDn.
Constantly freezing since recent up date.
Whoooooo
Reddy
Good
hua
Amajing
Love it
It fine to me everything worked good depending on where I am
Leo
Fantastic
Can't sync fb birthdays with S-Planner. Please rectify the problem to earn 5*.
Love this app but we all need most recent on top left bar again . Way easier then going to left bar tab and scrolling done to find most recent .
Good
Nice
Facebook
App has multiple problems!!! Like for example every 10mins or so a blank notification from Facebook gets placed ony status bar... It is anoying
Its Good .. But Not Work
Adilahmedphotography
I love facebook
as you'd expect from Facebook developers. Just a shame there's no alternative.  Update 14 Sep 2014: Another crash.  Update 14 Sep 2014 (2): frozen newsfeed, had to force close.   Update 14 Sep 2014 (3): Another crash. Update 15 Sep 2014: Frozen newsfeed, had to force close. Update 15 Sep 2014 (2): Another freeze on newsfeed. Update 15 Sep 2014 (literally 30 seconds later): Freeze when viewing newsfeed, force close. Update 20 Sep 2014: frozen newsfeed, force close.
Picture&video loading takes forever and many times does not even load. When i switch from newsfeed to messages and back the newsfeed refreshes which is just plain annoying and kind of makes it useless to check facebook on my phobe since i can't move from the newsfeed because i'm gonna get sent back to top. Refreshing manually doesn't load a lot of the time and sometimes nothing will open when i click on it including my messages.Overall this app sucks so bad i wanna set it on fire every time.i use it.Fix it!
After last update my news feed is totally messed up!  I don't like it :(
Awsm app...
I have got what I want
Good
i can't selete more recent
I can't access my facebook always shots off.
Changes too much...
hu
samsung galaxy S4
Does anyone else have a problem with it force closing ill be in the middle of browsing and it just shuts down and soon as start up its really slow
4stars
full of errors and slow loadings...
Micromax 0a91
Useless features, horrible layout and drain on my phones resources to run! Why can't it just be simple like the way it was before? Revert back to basics eradicate the unnecessary things that no one cares about and make this app work!
So'nice
Facebook
Super very fine
It automatically closes .. fix it please .
All
cant watch video,always says that there's an error grr..FIX IT ASAP!
Ok
News feed is horrible now. It only updates to a few stories at a time. Rather just use my computer now
best app
Fun
Cool
Latest updated for excellent.I like this app.but i want video calling.
Amazing
Awesome apps
Bit slow, have problems signing in!!!
Always setting up facebook everytime i try to log in.
MD JAHANGIR alam
Hungry to steal all data from phone
If i could ,i would not give it any stars . Its very slow &heavy ... + u force us to instale facebookmessengar &its slow too .. i need a good update fix these problams
Vary
Love it
this is good...but not so fast...
tejkarki
Since this new update it takes pics forever to load or I can't c them at all
First and foremost fb has to much access to our personal information on our phones. Who needs that kind of access if it's not a government issue site. Second fb has more loading and log out issues than before. I find Google + to be a much cleaner and safer site, nor do they require all the personal information on your phone.

By far my favorite. Until now. I keep getting fb update notices. It says will update when I'm online. Well here I am. No updates installing.  And how come when I say I don't want to see something, the next time Im on fb, that item is back on my feed?
DEVIL
Sometimes it show errers
pictures won't load...
Good
G
I can't update it again

This version keeps crashing on my Samsung Galaxy Tab 3.
This app uses way too much data even if you are not actively using it. Also it runs down my battery so quickly.I dont understand why this app has all access to my personal phone stuff.
Amrit Saini
V
After the last update it doesn't recognize that I've already read the last notification... It actually takes quite a bit to recognize it... And it keeps showing one new notification on the screen... That really bothers
Messenger
Facebook
Nice apps
Facebook
The best
Complains about some messages that I can't read with it.
Very good
Inproving in fast downloding
I like this app
Pourfoul
While viewing my newsfeed, some of the pics needs to tap to refresh but after that it won't view. Please fix asap.
after updated it always crashes and it said it's not responsible. you know? today i cant open it all day. maybe i have to find another choice then i'll leave it soon.
Like it
Make sure updates work and are reliable being issuing them will you? Very disappointed
But you doesn't concentrate on give more features to app. Like to control on active logs and pages add to interest page list. And need more features to app only. U must show a page how in many page list I have added in my account.  No need to go always web version.
Nice kadak
Not to bad
My feeds wont load
After this recent update facebook keeps closing on me.please fix
SU3929675
Very dood
Nirmal patel
Gud app
Ok
I like this app
I love facebook. But it eats up your data like big time if they could fix that I would rate them 5 stars.
This software  Verybeautifulandhelful
Nice ha
Nice
Everytime i am going into my news feed and it judt closes it self. Re booted my phone same thing. Signed out n in same thing.. uninstall n restalling lets hope it workz!!!
Good
Excellent
Stop
Good
Avakash poddar
I am loving it
Wtf is going on? I can't log on at all. Keeps saying "setting up Facebook" fix this sh** plz
The man
Thanks
Soo dumb too many privacy intrusions.  Deleted my facebook APP too. Goodbye FB
Takes years to Notify me and lags too much when scrawling through news feed.
Just because I need to install another app to send messages which used to be part of this app before
luckily i've got a new phone and cant live with this app for some months or so.... before start hating :)
Super
GOOD
App with passage of time gathers lots of catch space ,  plz make app sd card moveable and give it ability to store most catch data to sd card , 4.2.2
Other then that,love it.
panis
Though my friend got many problems installing this, its great for me!
I love it
App requires a lot of storage, traffic and battery. On top of that it crashes a lot. How about a revamped facebook lite app? Max 10 mb on phone storage
Easy to use and fast
6 moneth
Often crashes and videos are the played automatically
Simply superb! !!!!!!
Ok
Won't load anything properly on news feed since last update. on HTC one m8. New phone with 4g shouldn't have a problem.
Blogging
Liked it
I do the correct process, but it never refreshes. I usually have to stop the app and re-run it to get the updates.
Fb
I love this application. But try to remove facebook masanger from ur application. It's keep on fosing to download. I hate that.
To much suggested posts...after deletion keeps saying no space on my phone, with over 500mb free ya...,sure
Celly
Goods looking.
Very Good
Crash!
S
Fb
News feed doesnt update but when I go to refresh it says its up to date. Usually takes about an hour for anything new to come across my feed and posts that are not getting responses are staying at the top.  Will re-evaluate review once fixed.
Its too many MB...
owner
Nice
It gets stuck and doesn't logout properly . Tried to restart the app but keeps going offline and doesn't logout again. Pls fix this
.hi
Thanks for fixing up my messages.
Why do i want to no something someone did a few days ago?? Please fix
Good
Its good app for every phone
I hope you guys can work up with a pages feed button. So it's easier to access the pages updates. Would be a 5 star if that button really came up. Enjoyed this app so far.
Nice
Nyc app
Its a great app to communicate with friends
My front page wont load at all
guud
Very fast after i update it
Yes
Awesome
Mansingh Yadav
I love this app
Good
More Faster
Its a slow very slow app
Works efficiently now!
I am  first time user how  can I create a  account?
Nice
Too good
why cant i download dis app ? i've try it so many times but nothings happen.. aw
Very Good
give good excuse what ur update,,,
waiting for you
Cool by the old fb apllication
Best media of expressions
Its slow fow some reason, not happy!!
Nice n mast h yr fb chlana or bhi aasan ho gya sirf es ke vajah se apdate is awesome
Good way of keeping in touch with Dan&friends
It's great
Best
Great
Will not download....
Awesome
Nice
l loved it
Very simple
Most useful and successful app
Good
Dorisabbam.5@Facebook. com
Not bad
Nearly daily 20mb updates for poorer quality. :-(
Super Log !

It sucks its slow and freeze a lot and it's annyoing I'd probably like line and Instagram better
Facebook
Okkkkk.but not good
Wonderful, just as good as the computer - actually probably easier to use.
Sai
yeah
loved it
Nice app
thansoesoe
high
.
I don't like
Its a best social app, I love it
Its good
its an excllnt app for d youth lik us.....its amzing.... I luvvv facebuuk
quite good
Love this
Its so great
Pradeep patel
Fxxxxxk
How about fixing this dev, note thay we ALL have the same problem. Was this even yeated before getting rolled out?
Photos are not loading up on news feed or when I go to look at photos. Updates are all jumbled I just want latest coming up first not ones from days ago that I've already seen.
Will stay open for 1 min then closes. Please fix thanks
Its ok
Nice app
Ok
Nice
Use full app....
New version
it takes up too much memory and even eats more in standby mode...
It can't be saved in my external memory. Causing my internal memory to go crazy. Please fix.
Fb was amazing mind blowing
can't retrieve my messages and can't play the videos ,always hanging ,wanted to install another app its sucks!!!!why don't you do something about it!!you even seperated the messages and I have to install it forcebly like I have no choise.what's wrong with you people!!
Thanks
I use it to communicate with my family and friends in other country it doesn't have any problem 
Totally
Awesome aap.
Joeberth fernandez
Sound reached after some time to receiver... sound quality not good
Good
Facebook
If u have confident u can do it
Awesome
Teheee
cooooooooool
The app used to be fine. Now is garbage. All it does is crash upon opening. Facebook has all this money, but can't produce a decent working app. Fixing to uninstall completely.
ok
Sexy Tangie
Its good
N1
Rahul
Its verry good
Make it properly
Worked
D wivedi
Stop downgrading this app! Yippe, another downgrade that still didn't solve any of my problems in the last downgrade.  I've had problem after problem and the location setting STILL isn't working.  Please change it back to the way it was!  Please listen to us and fix this or I'm deleting this app. I'm much happier with the web version!
Mohmd Asnor
It's good
Suit for teen
very slow function never works
The app is really slow..
Works well
*****
easy and best.
Thanks
Helps to access quickly
What d fuck hate it to core still issue with loading videos app crashes even after updating app version
Must have social apps.. no regrets...
I would give 5 stars if you attach the messenger back.
More update make u lose more rating stars, every time comes out new update make the Facebook more laggy, then u force user to use a separate messenger APP again? See the nearly time's user rating for yourself, if new update is good then why "should" u get almost 1star rate for all this time? Users were ratings the truth.
Nice
Is this necessary to have messenger... Fix this problem.. Messenger requires too much space... Unless i have to uninstall this app .. show my messages on this app.. i will not download any messenge...
timothydale1986
Its very nice
Love it
Officer
Since my recent update I'm having trouble with logging in. As well as way too many forced closings. I would appreciate it if you would hurry up and fix these problems.
QA900i
Goood
Aaljhfb
It's too slow to open and update your status
hope to fix some issues..its not like it was before...
Can you update again, after last update the app is really poor and useless, not even updating the news and feed!
Please don't use all those things on my Phone
I would like to see it in material design. Try to be quick with it this time 
After the recent update nothing but crashing, useless
just starting to use give you 2, I'll add stars later
Chack de india
@jimmychiba
Keeps logging me out & have to restart hate it!!!!!!!!!!!
Nc
Samsung galaxy5
Facebook
Much better
So Good
Since last update the app crashes very often on my galaxy tab 3, fix the errors as soon as possible!!
when i update a status or photo, i need tag my friends, but the friend search not work....
More better with foto coment
nice!!
Not a great fan of Facebook bit the revamped UI feels good !!
Good
Multiple times a week is very annoying. Release a big update every fortnight, unless there is a major security concern or app-breaking bug you need to fix. And every update, WRITE WHAT'S NEW!!
Good
But right now its crashing
Good
Nice
Great i love this
I have got my frnds back
Why i can¡¯t update
123abbas7
Nice
Always crash by itself! Solve it please!
All I get is Facebook orca has stopped working....I can't even use it now!!!! This sucks
New update us horrible!!! Slower than the last and now keeps quitting.
Ok aprove this app.
Nice
Nice and anbilivabal app becous it is ajoind peopal
Super
Sucks..slow and freezes all the time. .so annoying
Its so lovely it can call. I love this app.
Shocker
Stip
Good
Bobby
Love Facebook App.

this is great!
uts awesome
Update is slower and stalls.
Can't like a page
Facebook is one of the famous apps !!!
When I open any page it suddenly closes my whole facebook and Doesn't allow me to use any page and iam very angry with and I want a solution of this
Just useless.. :-/
Bleh lah..
Veri nic
Works perfectly
Good
LG Android 2014 Phone
:)
K
I love.
Good communication
So annoying. After opening the app. Maybe about 10secs it will crash. Please fix this. Thankyou
Whenenver i try to log out. Fb just freezes and closes the app. When u reopen. Does the same thing! Un installing and reinstalling would not help and fix the problem!
Good
Very good
Oh nooooo I uninstalled your shiety app are you butthurt oh no your butthurt
Awsome
Good
why always keeps on hang?
Want the old version back..!.!!!!!!!!
awesome...desingzz..!?
Nice
Pros with cons
Great App ever
Nice
Very Poor
Nice
Why it forces, i wish i could give it 0 stars
Connecting friends
Nice good
Doesn't shows telugu fonts or contents...
Mabait
Why can you only use messenger ? It's annoying
This new update screwed this app ! it says there is a problem with my news feed and then i just cant load it or use it ! plz fix ! if u fix it i will give it 5 stars
It is great
Now it sucks -.... drains so much battery
Really great
Good
Ever time I try and tap on the app it opens up only for a sec then closes out
Build it from scratch! There is no way this will become a smooth app! This sucks badly and for the size of the company this is unprofessional and just bad!
Its good. ....bt plz provide sme security
The no of unread newsfeeds / status keeps on increasing despite of fact that you have checked all. It shows all read only when facebook is accessed from laptop.
I thing for every thing good. Thanks fb woner. Please sir remove fb messanger.
Excellent in new updates
Go on
Awesome
Not bad
Sucks  updated on its on
After an update on my Galaxy tablet, Facebook stopped working properly.   I am randomly being booted back to my home screen when I try to post or comment.  Now I cannot access my pages either.  Btw, this is not an older version.  If I could give zero stars, I would.  Apparently FB doesn't care about customer service because I have had this issue for 3 weeks and have reported it numerous times.
Awesome app...
Plzzz make it smaller..and we need log in approvals in India ..as soon as possible....its avail in pakisthan...but not in india....why..???
Good
Can't open ??, give 2 stars
Gotten better with the last few updates. Still a little slow but better.
This app is most useful but it is to large MB. When i going to download it is 18.27MB but when i use this app it is going 38 mb. So when i open my fb than my mobil storge need to free spece. And hang my mbl any time. I need this app will new and small kb. Not like mb.
Everyone wants most recent a the default and almost nobody want a separate messenger app.. listen to your customers!
Excellent
I love it!
Not bad
I keep getting notifications about people who I don't know like or commenting on some random video its VERY annoying please FIX it
Facebook Messenger
Mobile site is still better...
Nice
Not bed
Love it but hate that in need to relate information everday to get on it
But it stops when it reach the data warning :(
Since the recent update, cant see recent stuff on the news feed and comments aren't working properly.  Please fix!
Hhhhhhh
Apps are hanging. Sometimes only way to use phone after apps like FB and Scrabble hang is to force stop or mostly have to reboot. So frustrating.and ready to delete apps.
Exellent
Good work
It's life.
I cant sign in my facebook account
Obviously.... a revolution in social networking era...
Good
Just started using best
Can be use anywhere
I like this app..
refresher
Very nice
Try to put some more strength of connection service,tnx
Is fb going to an end? Why u not fixing errors? I cant keep my timeline to most recent stories first. And crashing in every 5 mins. And most of all it only app eat more than 100mb space what the hell ia this
Thanks for services
slow down my hp... sometimes need to restart..

Not so good
Thanks
Good for having a new friend around the world. It's great!
Facebook is good for me
always force closing
Facebook
Many good friends
No words .
I love Facebook
Friends and family
I cant upload more than 7 picture whether in status msge or album using my s4 since d latest update.. whats up??
Nice
Social networking media
Nice
Nice
The best app for owners of Dianetics; L. Ron Hubbard.  View all the latest scientology materials at your fingertips. "The best way to eat a sandwich is with a cup of hot and steamy Facebook" says Tom Cruise. "If Facebook was sex, it would be called Head" claims John Travolta. And if you can use your finger you can use this simple app.
Subscribe to me on youtube name is primer league plzzzzzz
great
Forces sponsored page spam posts on you and tries to get you to like more pages. I care about my friends not stupid pages.
Lovely
Somehow i do like the old facebook application, but after several update, now this application become unstable for me
Havent been able to install facebook app for 4 weeks I keep getting error 24 and aftwr numerous attempts at logging the issue with facebook I get no response.
Super massenger
i want my news feed/posts sorted by time.
Ihku
Tdt
Sometime notification is not show
After the recent update I'm getting blank notification in the notification drawer... After opening it redirects to my timeline !! Fix this ASAP
Not able to download videos directly.
"Whos gonna stop you?  HUH?!? lol
I am
Amazing
Best
Good one
I love it facebook
I love this application
Just one problem, it keeps closing on me for no reason....like i cant do anything. I click on it and it loads then closes...
Fine & useful application
Suparb
Dhanush
Not installing :-(
Good
It was amazing at first, but now it sucks and its so slow...needs to be upgraded :-)
Managing
so bad
Just love it...
Nice apps
Ai cung thich fb
Sooper
this is awesome
Videos keep crashing and won't load
Automatically always stopped and closed with a error msg com.facebook.katana.
Very faster
Gfdb
It's nice cause you can talk to people you haven't seen in long time
Best
It doesn't even load anymore?? Why do we continue to use this people
I am the one of billions pipo who loves facebook
very poor!
So annoying that it NEVER shows the news feed in order.  How do you pick what you show?! I want to see most recent,  not what or who you decide I want to see.
Improved user interface and speed
Better!
Loving
Nobody can express the value of Facebook?
it's cool
New update cause constant crashing and freezing! *sigh* will you EVER get it right fb?
Please add colour options
It's really nice application
Love it
Good¡Á100
Good
Cm punk
like
It shouldn't take two apps to use Facebook when it used to take only one.
Obhoorjed
Best apps......
Ever green app.
Draining battery.
Most of the time i log in it comes Facebook no responding i dont know why plese fix this problem and every time i have to delete it and re install again
'
I dont think there should be a limit to the amount of people you can tag that's something of the past
Lai bhari........
Best fb app
Hi...i hv update again yesterday n waoww
This app getting worse. Make me disappoint. Better surf fb using opera mini. Bye fb #uninstall.
My side kick
Lags..and too big of a size for social ..
ma dosada ziva
<3 <3
Needs improvement. Hangs even quad core processor in Note2
Lajavab
Changed the way the world looked at social media
Facebook
They give error while downloading what the matter tell me please.  When I click to download they suddenly give error 491.
Face book
Facebook
I love it I wish I can get it but I cant my phone is messed up
I dnt like how you have to download fb messanger to talk to your friends, because if you have a phone wirh small memory its no good
So nice.
updated by itself again...now it skips and freezes while scrolling. keeps telling me f.b. is not responding...would i like to close it!
more useful
Facebook keeps close the hole app
spandai2 tupai mlompat.., pandai lg kanggaru mlenting.
I cant even comment 
I love meet more friends on fb don't too slow
Waste.....
I like this app
Thanks
Love it :)
Good
Nice
Chat bersama rakan anda
Update
i dnt now how it is wrkng in my phn bcaus im dwnldng it
very helpful when it comes to messaging
Nice
Awesome
<3<3
And very useful but sometime boring
Very nice app i like thissssssssssssssss
Birgaon
It's nice .
Entertainment lol
Sahe
*
Really good. I reccomend this for anyone
Updated this week, and now it's really slow and news feed is jumbled. Not pleased

Nice
Liked it
Good
Superb
Loved it
Fantastic !!
What the hell.. Facebook wants access to everything on my phone.......
It'll be good if I can save pictures I like in my phone ;)
So much better than before!
Superb aap I really love this aap an I. Never uninstall this aap .....
So good apps
I like so much fb thats why i m downloading this app
To TRUE love
I like
nice super nice.. galing new cp na gamit ko ngaun kaya wala ng force close or anthing .. isa na lang pala problem ang hirap mag logout.. yun lang wala ng iba di best tlga
I love this social media
Almost everyday an update ..as soon as you turn your phone on is allways an update from all major Vendors. We spend half of our time with this..PLEASE DONT GIVE ANY UPDATES UNTIL U R SURE IS WORKING 100%. THANKS
Scott thomshan thanks to produce facebook
its promising
I used to love this app, but now? I'm changin my mind
Facebook should not have access to everyrhing on my phone.
it size is too big
Good
Because it's Facebook duh
Awsme
Up until now have had no problems. On a few occassions crashed while tryna open the app but now doesnt even get pass the screen that says facebook, after that continues to crash n not open. Everytime I try, same result. Dont know wat this update has done but not liking it so far. Until its fixed, I hate it!
Socializing!
It's nice
What happen to facebook everything is not going good as before..? Pliz fixed it as soon as u can.?
We. Make or break life
my facebook is very slow...and I cant see the old post :( please fix it thanks :)
Good Fever
Good :)
Nice
Has become intolerable! Newsfeed won't load...videos unveiwable, inability to post comments, requires unnecessary permissions and takes up to much space! Want a higher rating? Fix the kinks!
Its very good
Why does Facebook insist I want to see posts that are a day old? Older version of app allowed me to sort by most recent so why have another news feed list hidden away where I can't get see how many new posts there are. The most recent list doesn't even work! Posts are not sorted correctly. This is a poor effort by the developers. Why have 2 news lists when it would be simpler to have one and allow the user to view it how they want. And then there's messenger. seriously developers, why?
Nice ,
Good best games love games
Good
Its great app
Very good and faster
thanks for google
How do you make something marginally useful completely awful? Make it crash all the time and take away the ability to send direct messages without another app. This app sucks.
keep up the good work
There's an error downloading. I don't know it's my fault or the app's fault. I love fb. It costs my LIFE... But I can't download it.... why!?!?! I restarted my Phone billionzzz of timessss already.. still can't. Plz fix.. thanks.
Its cool
The new fb sucks! I dont like it. It has borders! Pls change it and ill gve u 5 stars
Its supperb
I cant see those pictures on my fb..help please
Nice
PLease fix the bugs of the app.
Supper
Cool
Facing this issue constantly even after reinstalling thr app....with updates app is getting worser..
Nice
Good
Fb.
just gud..
It constantly ties up ram and there is no way to kill it. It always comes back
When i pressed"like" on the post, i will prompt me the msg saying "the action is abusive or ...". Pls fix this problem asap.
On both my phone and tablet this new update just sits at the starting up screen. Ive tried cleaning the cache and uninstall/reinstall and leaving it for 1 hour but no joy. What have you changed
Maganda xa k lng ... 
Hart hart..<3<3<3<3
Facebook r to make&search friends
4 news feed only .
My facebook is good of all time
Gud
I like facebook
Nothing can match Google standard
bad
It works exactly the I want it to work, it reminds me of my friends birthday it reminds me if someone accepted my request or confirm my request
Beautiful as ever
Good for ldr :)
Nice application..
seems update is goin to occupy all my phone memory..n runs so slow..very very poor app..better open a google page n see fb rather downloading d app.
Fast and easy
Better
It consumes lot of RAM
Worked on S4, always hangs on S5
Love
gr8 app
Cannot search for friends as switched off on me. What a pity
Kuch nahi chipaaaa
I love it....
Awsum... :)
5 star as it deserves
Like
Since the latest update, I get kicked out, telling me facebook not responding whilst trying to view other pages. No good when facebook already chooses what it thinks I want to see!  Get it fixed.
Nice
I like the app but I hate that I have to download messenger
Eats so much internal storage that i can't even install other apps..
I like it
Nice
I always playing fb _ but why this line so lowwww ..
Suba jini
How I save the photos and vedios...?
Very good
Awesome
Me
L
The new update sucks.. the app force closes when try to log out
Facebook
i hate when its log even though i have a full wifi connection.
Bug has been fixed
Ro
Scrolling lag is the only issue otherwise this app is good. Pls fix it as soon as possible.
Ok
Raju. Mishra
Great Attributes Much support Mt Finley.
slow but works great
Know what is new round the world
Cud be better bit slow
Maxaaa
Some problem facing
Ajinkya
Best
Nice
So sick of this on the samsung tablet. Cant comment or read posts as it keeps dropping out.
Samsung s5
Facebook help me updated everyday :-)
.........
So annoyed with the app.  I always have a "Error loading news feed" takes almost two hours to be able to refresh. Fix it!
Its a cool website
Nice
Poor quality maintaining and late updates...!!!
Advocate, Supreme Court of Bangladesh
Like youtube or the broswer...fix pls
It has all the features that an app has..... love u guys
superr app in world
Like face book
Wow you suck. Can't get anything right. Too busy prying into our privacy to get the basic functions of an app correct. How about you get to making updates that fix your app rather than updates that take my information.
Very good
I luv it
It shouldn't access all our mobile information! No privacy at all. And seems like they are spying on our mobile.
Yea awesome
Rapz0315
It's not working properly after updates .
Good
Absolute garbage!  I don't even bother with my Facebook anymore.
Super ur wife
!!
Good for update
Gujrat
Someone put me in an annoying group and I want to leave but the LEAVE GROUP button is inactive. Please fix ASAP!
Singh
Bhot mast ..sab se dosti rakho .status dalo. Photo update karo or ager faltu chizo de bachna ho toh fek id banao ..
Nice
Very disapointed
Updates keep getting Worse... Top Feeds are good at the Start but slowly they don't load up and take forever, Fix it Please !
Freezes up way to much!
Awesome
FUN
I do not no how to describe it. I love facebook.
Addicted
This update does not work good with my Samsung Tab 3. The FB stops so often. Recently, I have received one more update, but it does not fix.
Really why isn't this problem on the "Today Show?"  Facebook app is failing!
Remove all functions of messenger except for messaging. Remove camera use. Remove GPS use. Remove your access to my identity.
Very good application in world
Bhot alllaaa cheez ha
Fb is cool
Needs bug fixes
shh
Facebook

Hate the new layout. It also freezes and exits me from FB page now. Change it back.
This is actually what i wished for in the last review and now i finally up to date with all the dates from facebook especially my contact's birthday!
Super
Great social past time...
Nice app
tt
After a month of installing and uninstalling messenger, because it would crash when accessed, and then, each time it tried to restart.. usually every minute.. the latest revision finally works for me, again. But, the latest revision of the FB app, closes (completely exits) when i try to share anything.. and randomly when try to view a link or a video on FB.. sometimes as i am scrolling thru my newsfeed. But the real kicker is, it closes when i try to access my own wall! Fixed yet? Nope! Fixed yet? Nope! Fixed yet? Nope! Time to flood the news feed with random videos... Fixed yet? Nope! Fixed yet? Nope! Fixed yet? Nope! Time to flood the news feed with more videos! Fixed yet? Nope! Fixed yet? Nope! Fixed yet? Nope! Time to flood the news feed with more random videos... Still not fixed!
Slow to update status
Great app just wish recent post was default and not the news feed. Other then that a great app
Working a little better
There's some force close issue, please fix it.
Don't like it when bad posters
Nice...
Love it
great
Always crashes . Please fix some bugs.
Cannot update stops in half way . .
Is extremely slow, freezes, and crashes.
Thank you
Keeps closing, news feed is all jumbled up horrible update
Oc
OK
Cant get my friend re or posr pics
This app has a very large memory requirements..i dont know if this was really necesarry..since everybody just want a simple fb app..and the dev seems very unresponsive and doesnt care..thinking that the owner of fb is just a kiddo..
So TODAY'S update is for reliability and speed ?! I can't even get the app to open.  NOT RELIABLE OR FAST. I call bullshit !
Soo cute guys
Great recreation
Bad
Exactly what the title says. This app now has what I'm calling "Internet Syndrome." When I used to back out of the app it would close and not hog up the RAM and use my data without my knowing. Now when I close, it stays open. Why? What good does it serve?
H.dhj
Facebook
Best communication with friends
My app did an update earlier today and since the update my app has been freezing and getting stuck not allowing to scroll
Need for speed
I would rate it a 5 star but it won't let me see who's online every time i click to see who's online it pops up empty like if I don't have friends but I do got friend's, please fix this!
Love it
Best
Facebook is d best
good app
It cant be transfer on sd card
Wish it could be set to default to most recent news feed instead of top stories.
after the update i cannot upload pictures and notifications are always blank.. im using note 3
Service
Give me back my save
Terlalu bnyak massalah...expcly massangger..
It works very very very slow...make it more better so that it can work in 2g net too.
.ilove this apps .just upgrade the speed .
No smiles apears in the post , no pics can be uploaded in comments , it need more than one update
Need to update and faster
C'mon. I downloaded fb for communication, not government spyware. Get yourself out of the America crushing liberals bed.
It's awesome
Great!
It lags on the app and makes my phone run slower
Fb crashed often in samsung tab3. Not able to share post, comment, like or post new etc. Randomly crashing.. reported the problem. Re installed sevral times. But no use
Best app
Can never upload pics to facebook always fails. Stupid app please fix all bugs
Antes estaba bien pero cuando lo actualizan envez de mejorarlo lo chingan mas smh
They have gone way too far with the permissions needed from the phone. There is no reason that you need to send info from my phone without my knowledge. Why do they need to draw over other apps? Why read my text messages?  The list goes on and on,  just look for your self. I even own some fb stock but I'm thinking of selling it now because people won't put up with this for long.
Best Facebook app for now easy access .thanks.
Good app
I love this app! Compared to what it was like on my iphone it is so much faster now. Definitely prefer this app! :)
Marao
Bad :(
Well going
Ugh... New update is terrible... No pics... Slow feed... Same old story... Please fix... Thank you
But it is very bored.
lovelovelove
Lovedit
no comment
Nice app
ang daming updates nak ng pating wala paring option mag upload ng pdf/ppt/doc. download lang. tapos yung news feed laging "top stories" hindi ko magawang "most recent"
Frequent crashes.

LOADING.....
Fucking fix this shit useless thing closes every time i open a fucking page
Latest update chokes news feed. My like pages don't show up and post order is all over the place and won't update most recent. Seriously, stick to the basic stuff and let it work without all the extra privacy stuff. Stable and consistent is service, not what you want to glean from my texts. Please fix, finally
Sharif
It take forever to load sometimes
This app is the best
Bad bad
I'm not get my updated post
Nice
Why can't you use custom posting on FB? That's a bummer!
Old style fb was way better
so
Creator of all but is not created
Facebook won't let me change my alternate name and it annoying me . PLEASE FIX IT !!!
Anna
Good for communicate with others
I
I dont know
Notifies me 3 friends have birthdays, but when I go to fb it only tells me about birthdays tomorrow and next week.. Annoying
I cant upload my pictures on my phone!!
Good
Works fine
Very  honesty in life styles
Dose not load any continents. FB on my brouser is much faster
after doing the newest update it don't want to let me log in. please fix this or I'm going to delete facebook and all
This app won't let me "like" anything and it is ridiculously slow.
Already 1 fb app is enough for all the activities on fb thn why the hell fb messenger n fb app . We dont really have giant memory storages for 2 apps of one social network . . Kindly make it like before or less no need of fb app
Dunno what to say but i dun like it..
useful
Loves it
Getting worse every time.
Ever since the update all it does is crash.
Consumes a lot of ram memory and battery
Praveen chadokar@gaml. Com
Like it
I love this verymuch
I hate that they are forcing you to download another app
fb
Runs incredibly slow and videos don't play...
Not bad
Love it
I love this apps because it give me a lot of information
It sucks it's no the same
Good on note 3
Never loads recent stories. Gives me 2 days ago and 10 hours ago. Grrrr
Very nice apps.
Can u fix the problem i dont want to use massenger app but cant text without that thats forcing me to download
I'm satisfied
It's good better than ever
Fantastic everything works great
Why time is being wasted when there is little .
Good but very slow net working here.
Its cool
Constantly running in background now, 40MB idle!! WTF this is uncalled for... Fix this or uninstalling, EVO stock 2.3.3
Google very good dome time but jusy keep up with app if i can i have trouble but i work i keep work  until i get tried
Great
It looks really nice on my new LG phone
cool
If we want to use Messanger, we have to allow access to the app of some private data like text messages, contacts, as well as cameras. Please try to fix it. Why Messanger is mandatory now?
It's OK - if half the participants in it told the truth, not lied and ruined it for the Real People !!!
Facebook
Good soft
The facebook used a lot of memory my phone is not an expensive phone you know
Very good
I'm single
I like the new interface, but the fact that I can't make in my news feed "most recent" the default option and that while in most recent I keep getting notifications in red from top stories is really annoying!!
After install this app we can suffer facebook easily ......thanks google play
Bagus.. ..
Nice app
So much bugs :(
Its cool just way to many updates....
Its good so I had to give it 5 stars...ayyyyyeeee
Everything works perfectly now thanks for fixing :)
Facebook
Nice app
Wenever i open a link frm fb. For readng an article in browser.the time i comes back to fb again i hav to come frm top!!?
Good
Its all like Updates keep it alive
Karambia
Cant download to this phone pls fix it...
Good one
Simply Great!!!!
sweet as if you don't care about your information being sold to third party crooks.
To big :/
Good
enjoy yourself
Crash latest version
1 mas
Ok
Good
Awesome    Its
Awesome
I've seen too many of the same problems that I am experiencing since my update.  Messed up news feed and error loading messages.  Please look into these problems.
Excellent
i love a free facebook here.I can communicate with my friends easier.Due 2 mur intrigates issues to talk........!!! ^-^    *-*
Good
Sirrrrraaa  Ddhd
I hate the automatic updates on the app it says they are new stories but it's not I'd rather use the internet Facebook.
It gives an error loading feeds. Says no internet connection
Sudha Gowda
I can see good work there
Love it
Its awsum
Gay
Nice app...
The app is excellent but improve cover photo portion size it should be same as web size.
Takes a very long time for Facebook to load on my android phone.  Many times won't load at all
Terbaik
You don't need to be able to READ my text messages to SEND me a confirmation code even if it is so you can "automatically confirm" my phone number. I have fingers and can type it in myself when you ask for it.
Worst
very log
Smile
Yeah
i loved this
Since its update its no fun using Facebook as it sucks
I stopped using this app and  uninstalled it now I'm trying to get it back on my phone and it keeps piping up with error code -24 please fix this and I might rate it better
i can not even tell u how i feel about this app
tired of constantly having to update
B nj
.
InBrief mark u can dvlp evn bttr.dnt jst stop nd pls dnt make mor cmplx.adds n all' peopls wants to reach whr they wants to .make it simpl, lgtrr, !!...clrs giv hppins to all...r u geting me ?
Wonderful...!
Amazing
Just please.. Fix it and make it take less data space
This application wants to record you through your microphone at any time , go through your calendar and change events and/or send your information without your permission, read your texts without permission, use your camera and look through your pictures. And you really want this app so you can tell everyone what you ate for lunch?
It just keeps getting worse. Now when I go to most recent, it will give me 5 or 6 recent posts, then jump to 5,6, 10pm the day before...when I know there are posts in between because they are in my normal news feed. This is just getting ridiculous. I'm about to delete and just use my web browser instead.
Error downloading
Not the same.
Latest update is crappy! Constant error msgs!
Mst
It's ok
i like last update its very nice to me
stupid how it transfers to messenger
Getting better
Love
very good
It would be Ok if it would refresh and show all your news feed
I LOVE the Facebook app itself but after this last update it just gets on my nerves. My news feed isn't the same. Old posts get put in front of new ones all the time. I've seen the same posts so many times because it isn't refreshing correctly. Please fix!
Very very nice app
I've used Facebook on both Apple and Android devices, and I must say that it's much better on Android then Apple. Great job Dev team!
After the latest update, facebook keeps on crashing whenever I do something besides the newsfeed.. googled this and found forums with people having the same problem. I have samsung galaxy tab 3.
Great app

Love it
Memory consuming and pretty slow app
Side mad
Like it a lot's!!!!
Nys
Need to be faster
This app is most useful but it is to large MB. When i going to download it is 18.82MB but when i use this app it is going 38 mb. So when i open my fb than my mobil storge need to free spece. And hang my mbl any time.
Given 5 star
It's easy to use
Slow
Extravagant app
Like
Not loading the pics ..friends not getting message.
Can't load news feed since update, must be all the info you app guys want access to. Removing the app, not worth it!
Worst update ever
Love it easy to use
Pilots
I like this
Facebook
I love Facebook
I like this app
Dinda
Ithink the pictures were. A little small couldnt see most of them. Wish they were a little bigger.
Ok
It's good app
My notifications is not working.
Need to sync same pics and likes on your profile pics
Talking to friends *( TEXTING )
New
I dont like how they forcing u to have a messenger im not downloading that app it make my phone slow Facebook is making unpopular social network you need to change it back then you will get more ppl to like this site
Supr
It's ok but i wish the news feed recents were easier to get to pop up..constantly have to go and find it it and on the notifications sometimes pop up sometimes just takes you to the last one you check and won't let you go back and check the most recent ones.
Facebook now takes up 60mg of your space? What happened to it taking up less space!? Ridiculous!
Facebook
good nice.
It is cool
Ever since the last update it turns it shuts itself off when viewing a profile and my battery life is very poor on a brand new phone.
Really worry video does not open even after latest update it automatically closes when is opened
Good
make a app for low memory phones
Rockon
Cant get on! :-(
Too big and takes up huge space. Battery runs down. Please change it back the way it was. It is too bad and takes up way too much space. I first thought that this was virus problem but this wasn't. Facebook upgrade version sucks.
I love this
Good
Easy to use
Love it
New UI is bad! Small interface making fb more uninteresting.
Jannat
That's illegal! And selling what I talk on real life to your advertisers is messed up! Will be uninstalling after my event is done and will only reinstall when I can get a permission denier working.
I love it :-)
Unable to get icon on my home page.
It is good as  a social interaction platform but the app is  slow while running, sometimes does not respond.  As of now it is not running smooth, sometime it looks over busy and countered. Sorry to say the app need a lot of care to improve the features and run smoothly n correctly. Thnx.
Love it
What is error code "-24"?? How can I fix this?? I can't install facebook.. Please help me..
Very good apps
Facebook sucks now
Don't want messenger in a a separate app. Not as user friendly.
Dude it's slow I can't use it
Need 2 be able 2 move 2 SD Card!!!
For messages or chat why use another application its ok not great
Facebook is so good, I love it.
Nice app
No more
Its make my others apps hang up if other use this item plz fix it...
(y)
Ok
Nice apps
lalalalala... happy
So good
Recently an empty notification keep notify me. When click on it, there is no new notification.
Y'all messy on there though
Excellent
Much samje
I loved fb until messenger came along and know there's a hacker on messenger so I can't messenge me FAM and BFFS
It good
I like ds app most for its fesign n view....but it is very slow while prcessing.....
Lester Rodriguez
Every time. I sign I have to let up a new account that is crap
Very easy to use facebool
i really liked it
It keeps freezing
Message keeps popping up saying force close everytime I sign in and it all started when it updated
i like but this is slow
how come that i cant even install this app in phone even though all my apps are updated>_<
Wonder app.......
Clicked dont show notifications on a post and im still getting notifications!!!!!!
The app won't stay open for more than a few minutes at a time. I dislike that the chronological news feed isn't the default.
I dont like the fb messenger
Had to uninstall. And I don't have alot of apps on my phone to begin with!!.... Years later, different phone, still crap.
Its a good app
Not working
face book
Hopefully their is video chat in  fb im  requesting you to  improve  and develope more
Ppppawraki
As of 9/19/14, update still pushes you into the future about once every 15-30 minutes. However, the update this morning breaks web links to chrome, Firefox, or even the galaxy default a web browser.
i guess its bettet than myspace  ,,lmao
Good
Awesome
After update i turned off auto play on videos but they still play by themselves please fix
I don't like to appear active when i supposed disactive
It crashes maybe every 4th time. Really annoying.
Osum
Awesome
No reason for a separate messenger.  Hate that i see the same stupid posts for days on end never updates always terrible loading issues
Good but does not mentioned .it is demerit of it.  .
Recent update sucks!
Love it!!
I like it just not when it don't change the profile pics of my friends on where it shows who's active
Cannot live without it!
Excellent
Each time it's fixed to a usable state, a new fix comes out that breaks all functionality. We're currently in that "broken" ebb of the wave.
Awesome...
BEAST MODE
Coz my old acct was dissappear. ...
:)
I can't log in all it says is setting up Facebook fix this now til then I'm giving it a one star
Awesome
Amazing
Important
Much better
Facebook is still slow at loading pictures at my phone. My phone always strugle to load pictures at Facebook. In Twitter, Instagram and Youtube the pictures always show after 5 seconds. I really don't get why people always rate 3 star below. Just hopong tp fix and make Facebook faster at loading pictures
This latest update is horrible. I can no longer see pictures or videos on my phone or tablet. I mostly use Facebook on my phone but I may have to delete it. All of my other apps work without any issue, it's just Facebook, and is just since the last update. I used to love this app. I even tried uninstalling and reinstalling it, but still it doesn't load. I am going to uninstall again. Btw I can see all the pics and videos when I go through my browser so the problem is with the app itself.
I don't want to download the mssenger hate this new update
I love Fb.
I am lucky to have it
Radzi cheng
B
Great
This app freezes all the time. When I'm looking at my feed it reloads and everything disappears then I can't find what I was looking at. Why can't you fix something in stead of messing it up all the time. Brutal.
Steven
Love it
Is  awsome
My news feed absolutely does not have everyone I follow and I can't change the privacy settings on the posts I share. PLEASE ALLOW CUSTOM SETTINGS ON POSTS
Chanchal
Please fix the app. Every time i go to a page it either exits out of the app or takes me back to the news feed. Really annoyed with that.
Friends an family
It is good
Good boy
Coo
nice
What's wrong ? I cant update the app even though I uninstalled apps already. Fix this immediately please.
Super
can't open
Really don't like the fact that they are trying to force you to download a separate application for messaging! Not doing it, I'll figure out another way!
Look for friends and family
Keep on forcing us to install FB Massenger. No privacy! Hide my massage can't read it. Worst! Always online.. Waste my internet mobile data.. sometime not Update.. Don't Install this app.
Manilyn alfon
The speed was very slow and all things were same as before
I cannot stop receiving notifications when ppl comment or like something in a group am in. Y?  Plz fix.
Why does it suddenly just close? Every single time.  This happened after I updated to kitkat.
Love it.
It makes my phone get a virus
My favourite app
After The Recent Update, Every Link Any Of My Friends Post Force Closes Chrome
Y Joel es gordo
Waiting for different features
Cool
I don't like this new Facebook it sucks taking to much storage space
Love it :-)
Super
Awesome application
Every time the app is running in the background, every few minutes a "blank" FB notification appears on my notification center, and I click it, and there is no new notifications on fb. This needs a fixed!
Always refreshing and starting over in the middle of my scrolling. So annoying because I have to see post that I've already seen. Please fix
Loved it
This app very Fast&very nice I like it......
Really annoyed, Facebook hasn't been loading any of my newsfeed pictures. Wish these updates would do some good for once...
It's ok
Whatever update you guys have freezes the app and my phone. Can't scroll the screen or do anything. Fix this crap.
good performence but we unable to make photo comments. ( comment including photo) same as apple. pls improve it ASAP.
easy to connect
Can't even view messages anymore. I don't want to use a separate app for messaging. Bring back all in one.
So good
Not what it used to be
It's better than on browse 77
Extremely upset! Small problem after updating!!! CRASHES EVERY EFFIN TIME I START THE APP OR UPDATE A STATUS!!!
Sucks
Its excellent for keeping me updated with my family and friends...
Its a very fast application
Stupid update
Friends & Family
Good
This app won't move to the SD card please fix...
Sucks. I don't like being forced to see most popular shares. I like being able to pick most popular or most recent post.
Please bring back option for most recent first. No one wants to read a post they've already read 3 days ago
Work's
Hey fix that most recent coming up in settings and it wanted to be in news feed left side only not in right side so fix it as fast as u can....
nice
Aoo
Facebook
.
Works better with my new phone

Idk if it's the new app but my Facebook has been freezing every time I scroll and i have to foreclose it. Please fix this. 
Can't access my groups .. Why?
Great application but sometimes gets forced closed pls fix it up....
My facebook keeps giving errors and doesn't want to keep running it keeps turning off after a few seconds of having it up on my phone.
Good
When ever  I trty and run facebook it says that it canot start and  to uninstall and reinstall frommplaystore.    Have done that but it still does not start    anymore it used  to work great
Ever since the last update ive not been able to see any newsfeed at all, cant go to any messages, a few notifications pop up every now and again. Other than that, somethings wrong or something idk, but ive not been able to get on fb for the past 2-3 days, please fix it, please. I will gladly give 5 stars
this is very good and i like it very much..
great
Suck app
Facebook
Been getting same error message for months. Not cool, bro.
Its fine.....
Samsung tab2
Stupid app dont wanna let me log in >.< gets me mad i hate the update fix the bug ! Doesnt send code to reset to my email fix ! .
<3
Susah keluar masuk ,
Melati yg terluka
Vibrate doesn't turn off. Vibrate for messenger turns on when I use the app even though it doesn't anywhere else.   It takes three or four taps to bring up the keyboard for a comment. Its not possible to scroll to the bottom of the comments list while typing a comment.
Its ok
Tried over 15 times. Still wont load. Gave it 1 star bcuz I couldn't give 0.
Cannot see most recent on news feed. No new news unless toggled. Hate this version.
Over rated
all god all info i like
Pwd na
. It seems like everytime they update something else doesnt work!!! Tired of it, FB!
Makes stalking and hooking up with old lovers a snap. Its ruined more marriages than herpes
boreing boreing boreing a waste of time
This app has access to ALL YOUR PERMISSIONS. They can even charge your phone!
Love it!
Why would u make messenger
There was no reason to disable Messaging in the app and compel the downloading of Facebook Messenger. I have zero intentions of downloading an additional app!
To7fa el progrom da
Please put back the image folders so then I can choose the exact picture I want easily
Lovely app
Love it
Good
Superb app Iam realy happy
When I'm update my Facebook, the video and pictures is so slow....please fixed this.
I do like seeing what my far relitves are doing
Keep losing connection to app on galaxy 4 Samsung...very disappointed.
Try to force me to use Facebook Messenger? Guess what. If I had wanted it I would have downloaded it already! It's a ram hog, and so is this app. I'll just use facebook in my browser instead, and my phone will actually work again.
Gud
Very good
Why can't i replly to comments on pages anymore ?? Or even worst i can't like any page since i update it in the last two days , please fix it .. samsung galaxy s3

Its a very useful programme
I already wasn't a fan of the news feed defaulting to Top Stories rather than most recent but after the latest update it has done noting but freeze or tell me there's an error loading news feed every single time. I also can't stand the messages set up. This is quite possibly the worst app I have ever had.
Just like it...this app
Great app
UPDATE. foreclosing after everything i try to do. I am not the only one with the samsung galaxy3 tablet that is having an issue with this. I even called tech support. Ita the app.
No  problem find at all
Nice app
Killa
Fix FC and Freeze problems Galaxy note 2 intl 4.4 kitkat when fixed ill rate 5outof5 stars
Rate
I cant log in it says error
Helping  people.
Bertha clayton
I like this apps
I like the app. It's easy to use. The only thing i am having a problem with is that when i try to watch a video, is always says that there is an error playing it... Please fix it!!
I like it
But it now accuire more space than before & it keeps on updating only.!!!
Everybody like it
Good
When viewing pictures, the screen freezes up and I can not move it left or right. It's a common issue with the app in general.
Awesome
Sri Dewi  Dewi
Ever since my last update the app has been using up a ton of internal memory and won't allow me to use SD card memory for storage.  Needs to be corrected and I will change my review.
Games
After update not working
App size fluctuates... Please be lesss than 20mb
The notifications aren't working at all
To many updates, hasn't been loading like it should.
Notifications
i like it super. but sometimes facebook is not loading.. :((
Can i use facebook without messenger please , because the messenger makes more lags in my phone ,so that i cannot enjoy using your facebook please i will give 5 star if you that developer
I use this to keep in touch with my family and friends so far away. This new update, if I try to read a link or just scroll down the page, it constantly closes out. Soooooo frustrated.  Even tried to uninstall and reinstall on my tab 3 and it keeps doing it. Works just fine on every other device. Please fix this
Tri tri byan
Its kind of slow and I had to open and reset my account its messed up attention.... fix this  app
I tired of when ever I'm on my app it just random closes anf then when u open it back up it takes like 3 minutes for it to re set up and everything else fix it and I would give it a better rating also don't like the fact that I can't get my messages anymore because of the new set up
Very slow and extremely frustrating. At time it makes my phone completely unusable. Better off using your browser.
Great app. Better than other apps and even the browser version of fb according to me.
Used to love this app untill the day I can't read or send messages directly from here anymore. Hate that smh!!!
Doing my head in up date up date
It's just Facebook
So far i love the new updates
We live in the era of the death of Che` Guevara again,again, again.....we die in institutions, our deaths are slow and painful assaulted by the constant over stimulation of mass merchandising, absolute power corrupts absolutely! Let us honor one another by naming the heart of a people enslaved to complacent vacancy for where the heart is breaking, and our blood has forgotten the way from our hearts to our brains, our souls are bought and sold by big industry....for nothing. We are the machine,use it
Download it
Facebook
A great way to communicate with love ones
Uninstall
Like
Good app,  but now it suddenly jumps up to the top when I'm reading a post,  then I can't find the post again. It's like it disappears from my news feed. Please fix this!
Total app size is still kinda big and doesn't run as fast as it use to. But still good most of the time.
New feeds !!!!!!!!!! why till nw, no clear easy option for recent and most popular stories!!!!  do your app a favor :@
Seriously, an update and still having the exact same problem CRASH constantly along with not responding. This is getting very old. Youd think theyd have this crap figured out by now.
Good
I dont like that I have to download messanger to message friends it should be our choice to have it or not
Its really good
It's my way to keep up with Family Friend's and Everything else.  I love it!
No good Facebook
Maga mendez
Why call it a time line if everything is scrambled..  Even with having to tab most recent.. Smh azz backwards
But it does not down.load
Poor
I love it
Love it
Gossip phenomenon
It says insufficient storage. But I have like 40. something mb.
Love this app. Everyone has Facebook these days. My favorite app for sure.
Not good so so bad don't use this app is not working good
Awesome
The Messenger functionality has been moved off the app. I'm not going to install another app just to get something I can live with perfectly fine on mobile.
The common issue is since the new and old update is, i cant play the video from this app, FIX pls
Good time
I like ittt
Without problem
It never let's me on!!!!
Meh
This is a great way to keep up with all the family drama. I am very strict who I let in because there is not enough options to get rid of people posting as family or friends.
Its iight
Slow and bad
Useful App.
ew
I keep getting notifications for no reason.
Crashes
Hope that we can share photos directly to such group ..
Love fb
Ever since I got the new update it says its supposed to be faster and reliable... Not even close its not faster at all, and it crashes almost every 5-10 minutes.. Its really annoying.
Hard to keep up with updates
Facebook app
Great App"
Please give us the default function of seeing Top Comments of a post.
I just like fb old is gold
I get update every day can't u make an app which updates in a month once.
maganda na sana sya pero ang bagal sumunod
i love it cause is so fun
Used to work great on my samsung tab 3 until the latest kitkat update.. crashes whenever i click a persons name or the comments!! Please fix!
Ok not bad maybe
Please fix it the chat
I accident my deleted the app today. I have a Note 3. Every time I try to install it I keep getting the following message. Unknown error during application installation. "-24"
Facebook
Love Facebook
I hate this new version!!!!
It isthe best
Dick
Chef
normal
All the updates change the way things are done on Facebook.  About the time you master some functions of Facebook they get changed.
Because it takes too long everytime i open it .. Im a beta user .. And it always crashes please update it again .. I cannot open my fb
The new update is giving problems
i cant even log in it always says log in expired, it logs out by itself, then closes, you re open the app, and youre back to square one
Always give me a warning couldn't install on sd card or internal memory
Ridiculous permissions.
Great
Mr MOHLALA
After 4 times updates still the messenger doesn't function properly. Think just erase this app!
Great app
After the last update i have logging out problems .. Everytime i log out it just stops working and gets me back to my home screen .. I open it again to find that it didn't log out yet so i have to log out again .. After the third try it logs out o_O .. Fix this soon!
Bugs Bugs Bugs Too Many!
Terbaekkkk...
better app
I deleted the app off of my phone about 4 days ago and it keeps coming up with an error message every time I try to redownload it.
This is so cool i mean like seriously talking to the world amazing
Nice work
Its a great way to link up with friends
I cant see my messages and I can't tag anyone in status or posts. I also don't get most recent stories I get the ones fb thinks are top. Really do not like this new update.
Whenever i open it, it takes forever for the app to straigten itself out and so im stuck for like five minutes trying to get it to work properly cuz its so jammed up, but after five minutes it works reasonably well. Also BRING THE MESSANGER BACK I DONT HAVE ENOUGH SPACE ON MY PHONE TO DOWNLOAD THE SEPERATE APP ANF NEITHER DO THOUSANDS OF OTHER PEOPLE WHO HAVE CRAPPY PHONES
Notifications are still jacked up. Messages aren't coming through for hours.
Force you to get messenger app if i wanted this app i would download at my own free will
Very useful.
awesome
Keeps on freezing
Facebook shuts down oit of the blue
Since the last update it takes a long time to connect. It is just to slow and not the same
Truly I haven't a clue what on earth y'all were thinking, but this new UI is simply reprehensible - & it could have been good (!!!) - please just center the **** pages I feel like I'm perpetually stuck between screens.
Facebook customises what's posts you see and what you don't. The forced Facebook messenger sucks too
Love it
This is amazing
Love it!!!
Easy to see what friends are up to...  even when we don't want to.  :)
Goood App
super
I'm now thinking about deleting my Facebook page after all the new updates...
Did so very slow
Good
Wow
Bad,Bad,Bad
The new update is garbage won't allow my news feed to refresh
Not to shabby.
Love it
After doing the newest update and downloading the messager n deleting it my WiFi is no longer working :(
I use it to keep in touch with family and friends so it works when I need it too.
What happened to the choice of friends of friends when do a post?? I don't necessarily have them for friends but I want them to see my pictures I post for my friends. I want it back!
You can chat and more
But better than a year or two back. Galaxy s3 and widget is always blank and has no one's statuses.
Taking much space
Sometimes it goes slow but other than that it is good
Need something new in facebook
Awesome
Does not load any pics or videos
.flores
Loading.....
Verizon Galaxy Note 3 900v  return the the ability to message with the messenger app. This app keeps getting worse. More than likely going to deactivate my Facebook account. I wish I could give it a negative 5 stars.
I wish I could go back to how the app used to look. With Google's design language and not how it looks now. I HATE HATE HATE how I can't save most recent stories as the default news feed and have to always look at 2-3 day old top stories. Please stop experimenting on us Facebook. Its NOT cool at all!
The update wont let me post at all
FACEBOOK
its very good apps..
I dont know what happened with this aplication....i cant scroll and see all new feeds.....
Keeps freezing and disconnecting
This is so nice
great
Hi
Great way to talk to anyone!!!
I like the way it loads my news feed fast.
I Can't Upload My Picture.
Great :)
Hai
SHIT
O
Whats going on with fb??? Really starting to suck !!! Freezing up......fix it !@!
Absolutely hate the fact that all posts are jumbled up !! What ever happened to time order ?? Sort this and I'll change my rating from 1 star to 5 !!
privileged
Force to download to much access to my phone
I hate the new FB app. I dont get the most recent feeds on top. when I share a post it then takes me all the way back up to the top of the feed. its not user friendly anymore. Options are spread all over the place and menus have no logic to them. stop changing. every time you change something its always for the worst. Stop unliking who I like. stop restricting number of post shared stop trying to charge so more people will see the post. FB is no longer reliable.
1 billion downloads, speak for itself.
I like it
When I want to watch a video it always say error I can only watch it,when I have wifi and I don't think that's right
9-18update. So I complain about being harassed and the number of times I am bothered about messager goes up. ...Shocking......The truth is we don't need messenger. If I need to text someone I'll do that via SMS. Stop badgering me, stop harassing me. I do not want and  will never use messenger
Loved it
Great
After reading all the posts I'm apparently in the majority where after last two updates app closes constantly.  Used to work fine and would have given it 5 stars.  I guess I'll try the web because I can't use the app like this anymore.  Very disappointing.  Fix please!
It sucks,I can't login to my account after I updated it to the latest version.Please fix these.
It has problems in updates and notification
What is with the scam emails going round seriously facebook sort it out!!
Gets better and better
It takes forever to load, and its just hopeless most times
Facebook
Facebook is the simful way of communication
Good app. But liked old app better. ;)
Why you don't combine the message like usualy before? I hate intalling 2 same apps. Just make it one again. Rush my memory phone. I hate it
Good
Excellent
O
I am awsome
What part of your life are they going to try to SPY on next? Are they going to turn our cameras on in regular farcebook now since so many of us deleted messenger?
Lots of fun!
Facebook...why have u been sucking the life out of my battery lately? Hate the auto video plays,  hate having the messenger shoved down my throat, not liking you much anymore.
Jellar Zabas Miranda
Nice application.
I want to use this Facebook its real fun for my self
Yet another useless update
My friends birthday are not showing on my feeds.
its to annoying,my newsfeed and all my friend old post ses "just now".whats going on??
Updated today and now just hangs at Blue screen forever. Lg g pad 8.3 4.4.2
Buttery smooth on an S3 LTE
I wish I could sort (and keep) my newsfeed as most recent. I hate that it only does top posts. I've stopped using the app and only go through my browser because of this.
Really good best ting ever .
Its getting better but I want it to be like the real site. Still limited.
tgsba
Too sloww and forecloses too much
It bad bad bad lol
Best App Ever
Almost there
Keeps freezing now and self closing
I was on it all day....Lol so fun
Isnt letting me download it again. It uninstalled from my phone and when I try installing it again it won't let me .-. Please fix this
Ceashes anytime I click on anything in my newsfeed. Literally can't do anything on it.
Seriously wtf?!?  For people who rarely use Facebook and send messages even less.  Seriously?  Wtf?  Who want a separate app for something that is almost never used?!?
Its dumb ....I mean why do they need full access to everything on my phone. Talk about all in my business.
Messed up news feed by taking away the option of seeing new posts 1st
Good app
Maurya
It freezes and doesn't update the feed.
Seems to be working OK at the moment. Still need to have most recent posts ON TOP. NOT old ones that people have just commented on,etc.
Constant problems everytime new update and keeps kicking me out
Since the recent update i can no longer get on with the app i have to use the web to get on Facebook.
Its nice
This app..keeps updating. And every time it updates the easier it can be used.
Keeps sending push notifications but when I slide down to see what it is there isn't anything there. Its started happening since the last update
Suidearbirhide
Great, but not messenger.
Very nice and l will go on enjoying.
Good
Toweship
Fb friends
I didn't received notification alert on my notification panel note 3 neo .. Please check this problem .. ASAP
Joshua Wilson shut up u big headed chimpanzee
Since updates, app randomly closes!
I love it..
Forcing those of us who have been stalked and had our lives put in danger to use our legal name. (New upcoming changes)
Uninstalled fb and messenger... I can access it from the web if I want to without giving up as much privacy.
After new update, I can't sign in. Deleted the app.
Awesome u should get it
I love it
Its facebook, what else should I write? Lol
All it does is freeze since the new update. Please fix this. It takes way to long to update and I rarely get my notifications.
Loved it
Used to work fine before update, now it locks up often screen cycles wont load. Samsung galaxy 4s android 4.4.2
FACE BOOK
Lumayan
Facebook
Why is my news feed all messed up! Fix it because it is beyond annoying to see the exact same 3 status' all day long and nothing ever changes!!
Fantastic
Not bad
Nice
It doesnt work after update!!! !!
Facebook sucks! To much drama mama on it
Does what it's supposed to. No real problems. Good job
FB
This a fantastic app
No copy paste option
Facebook is the best!!!!
M.f .......143
It. Keeps throwing me off fb when got to facebook
How many time do we need to report problems to get a working fb app. One star is too much for this app.
Worst
Great
Excellent
My news feed is pucked up.. old stuff no recent posts
I hate it
Nice
Facebook
Since the latest version the software is not working like it use to. ..keep receiving newsfeed error.
I like a fb
Sucks!  I don't use it but no way to uninstall completely from phone.  It constantly locks up my phone.  Piece of crap...why do people use this bs!
I love facebook
Cool
Its high time that this app be able to be moved to SD Card
Bad
N
New update forces me to download their new spyware messenger. Go to hell Facebook!!!
B
So far ok
Did they ever screw up a decent app. I hate it and rarely use it on my phone or tablet. Thbbbt
Plebe vago
Bt i wont gv u 5stars due to dis annoyin updates of urz
I had previously rated this a 5 star but recently I have started to hate it. I have the note 3 and when I'm browsing and I'm pretty far down, it brings me back to the top of the list (as if that's what I want to do go read what I just rwad) also if I am commenting on someone's post and I want to see who else commented, it completely freezes fb and it crashes. Fix this as this is quite annoying.
My newsfeed hasn't reloaded since Wednesday and won't reload just keep getting error. I have the S5.
New update sucks
Couldn't open friends option from profile 
Before it was good after this last update every thing prob chat msg frn list oh sit plz change new
Works awesomely
I do NOT need massanger to chat in facebook!!! Fix it !
Wow nice app
I'd give it 5 but to many updates. My phone is running out of memory!
Cool.
Ham
substantially worse now that i can't check messages, but it still notifies me of them and retains the messages tab just to make you d/l their separate app.
As
Interesting
Nice
At least it's better bt not tha fast
Put back the option to order the news feed to most recent
Bjk
Facebook is a great place to talk or share with old friends and relatives that are distant from you!
Vry slow in motorola
I love it. It grea
It is good k
'Nuff said
very nice,very goods.
So fast
I won't ever download the Messenger mainly for the reason that it takes pics, vids, audios and Approximates your position using your Network service provider. That's a direct violation of privacy.
Hmm
Okay. Yes it is a little more  mb than I would have liked but it is not crazy excessive.. And it allows me to stay in touch with my fb friends
I
All Google fend
Love
Copla
Like
It was a crap It is a crap It will remain crap  Take years in loading timeline....
kailash thapa
Its easy to comminicate the people who r in other countries also ..so i just love it..n tq
Best aap
Poor.I Can't log in to Facebook in every time I do it go back to the mean screen.
Keeps freezing and locking up. Connection issues saying not connected even on wifi. Seperate tab for birthdays would be good rather than keep scrolling through events. Apart from that
Best way to chat with friends
Great
A lot
Not bad
1
Mine
So good
Stop forcing me to install messenger I don't have enough space...
Rubbish
Ever since the update, I've had nothing but problems. It's been freezing, I don't get notifications unless I go to the app, and I've had loading problems. Please fix this
Great
Thank you.
Because no permission is required
Newest update on my android and facebook freezes constantly. So annoying!
Remove if you have a tiered data plan. When the application auto updates it will reset your preference for viewing video over Wi-Fi only to view all videos over cellular data. To make matters more bug ridden the only way to make the app ask for permission to upgrade (thereby leaving your preferences alone) is via a computer. No thanks Facebook.
Fb app consumes huge space if compared to othr softwares.. this is the only 1 drawback as per me.. else its good enuf and ok at the end..
I keep getting an error message. It won't let me see my page after the update...wth..
Please fix the app!
This app is very cool , fast, much better than others app
I like the new design but I wish the bottom shortcuts would dissappear when scrolling down.  Also I get an error playing videos and I have to tap them again to work. Sometimes it fails during playback.  Xperia z1 kitkat.
Need more work .
It perfectly work ! 
Recently changed to andriod phone.  I never had any issues with iPhone Facebook app.  performance is really poor. Photos/videos don't go by just pushing it upwards. You have to reachout to back button to get out of photo/videos I just don't like feel at all
True
Agree news feed jumbled up
Very good
Yaa
Freezes upon opening
Works good takes a bit of time to get the hang of it .Copy and paste a status would be a well come ..
I cant hide my about
Cant see the most liked comment on a post!
Nice
Was fine till the most recent update. Continuously force closes.
Since i have upgraded i can not go on the app
Govhhayat
Sticking with the browser facebook on my phone, once you get rid of that, I'll be done using Facebook.
Not working since update installed this evening
Auspicious but improve the speed
Its best app ever
It sometimes takes forever to load my news feed and there seem to be always as connection issue. 
Bad app, slow, won't load pics or vids... junk
So whenever it updates there's Nothing new, and I DON'T WANT MESSENGER, I have the Facebook app so I don't need the bs messenger app. I deleted the app and I've been using chrome for fb on my phone.  I miss the old fb app
Very fine
Very perfect apps go chat
Kartik trivedi
Slow Urghh :(
Verygood
Can't see all pics with latest update. Even when I press on the . Lenovo Idea tab.  Bring back the messages.
Awesome
I love it..so nice to use
......CANT OPEN MY MESSAGE BOX.....I DONT WANT TO DOWNLOAD MESSENGER......
Very good
.awesome..
Did update now it says cannot connect to newsfeed.
Now that it is req'd to have FB messenger to get PM's I can't get rid of push notifications. I don't want messenger.
Why is it shoing me repetitively old posts? I don't see half of what my friends post anymore unless I access fb from a comp. Getting frustrated.
Wonderful
Until now still I can't connect to my facebook account and friends.
Why this app lag to my phone?
After the latest update wouldn't work.now news feed won't update at all showing posts from 12 hours ago
Hi uc group how to a comments photo update no options in add photo pls tell me
zaakas
Noice
Good
Every update sucks luv the old one
Facebook sucks!!!
Yeh! Just updated. Now crash crash crash. App will not stay open. Samsung S2 Epic 4G Touch.    Update: had to uninstall completely. Then I installed again and now it is working again.
Not all that satisfied
great way to make contact and share evertthing.
Nothing beats Facebook
Awesome app
Nice aap
Facebook
Short and sweet
The best!!
News feed are not really good ..
It's very good
News feeds very jumbled.  Pages Manager utter rubbish.  Posts dissappear.  Notifications dont show
The biggest drawback is that u can't move it to external SD. Moreover it takes so much much of phone space n bcz of that my phone built-in storage runs out. Plz fix it. I hope n seen that most of d users r facing d same issue. Plz plz plz fix it
My videos won't play at all please fix it...
It will not let me download it all it says is incompatible update please fix it :-(
use..this..&..enjoy...with...with..your..frnd...
Good
I love it
Love
So many permissions.  Think I'll uninstall the whole thing. Facebook taking it too far.
Susah keluar masuk ,
.
Facebook
fb wont show all my albums i have im missing like 2-3 two of them r my daughters... need to fix this... im not guna keep creating new ones... it shows them if i veiw the albums i have but not wen i go to upload...
Facebook is cool and nice keep on downloading
Y
If I didn't communicate with some many close friends through Facebook, I would happily ditch it. It is too space heavy now, causing too many issues. I don't use it on my mobile any more and absolutely hate the new messenger and resent that I am forced to use it in its current format.
It consumes most of my battery! Fix it! And make it material design already! Look at Google+. Much more functionality and it works flawlessly! This is unacceptable for a developer of this popularity!
I wanna giv it a big zeroooo.. No need to dwnld it. Its jst annoying to need two app for same prpse. Instead download UC browser nd hv evrthing in tht....
Won't let me change my..cover photo plz fix¡­
Less updates plz
I needed this so bad, THANKS......
Very good
To slow on downloading apps...then slow browsing...
Y'all suck at updating this stuff. I don't care for the old posts on my news feed I wanna see the most recent without having to go to the more stuff option
Thanks
Keeps crashing. Can't keep it on the most recent news feed. Keeps repeating the same few things over and over. Would give less stars if possible
Its  Aap     better   to    use    fb   its   speed    very   fast but   some times   its aap   hanging   the   cell
My ram !!! Oh no
Khan
Good
Muju
Hate how the app took off the option to see "most recent" post i hate liking something then realizing it was from four days ago /.-
vw
It's very slow on my handset........ Xperia pro.....
Vale verga
I want the messenger back...
Easy and fast connection with peoples
I support Elaine big time,  on her statement about the news updates. Samsung galaxy mini S3
So bad ,the app didn't work and when work switched off please fix this problem
Connecting More People,
Fixed the problem
I Love Facebook
All this app has done since I've downloaded it is freeze my phone up and make it lag. Every time I click it my screen freezes up and goes black, then gray, then my whole phone freezes up all together so that I can't exit out. Horrible.
Its A Great App Until It Start Going Slow & Acting Up
hmmm
My emojis don't show up in posts. Just a blank space... 
I don't want to see things posted days ago. Why aren't the recent stories at the top anymore?
awesome
It is an app that can make social difference closer to us.
This app turns big fat lies into reality ! All you do is type in the biggest whopper of a lie you can think of and press the post and BAM. Thousands of people now believe and scanning a jar of peanut butter with your phone will turn it into diamonds. So download today you'll love !
Since new update the app constantly crashes. Every time! Terrible to use now. How about fixing this ASAP?
Naic
I love it
Good
Xperia Z
Can't remove from my phone
But still needs work. Like being  able to customize who sees your posts (you can do it on the computer and web) won't let me show my location again
Jeandarr
Full connection. WiFi.  Since the update my cover photo either doesn't load or doesn't show my cover picture. Its black. Before the update everything was fine. Fix please!!!!
Roopwal 12
It was amazing and I love it
Will you ever add reply to comment feature? It have been ages already.
I've been getting this notification on the phone  from Facebook, when I check the notification it directs me to the Notification tan on the app...  There is nothing at all. The thing is that's happening quite a lot.
Keeps closing on its own, thought the last update would fix this issue but apparently not.
Newest update is showing me all notifications including ones I have disabled (comments and likes on posts). Really annoying and distracting. There are preferences for a reason!
Since last update notification on galaxy s5 don't work ! Please try to solve this problem ! You have a billion downloads act like you care !
Iovely
Please make this application movable to memory card because it use to many space in my phone memory...
Good
There must be text copying option in app.
Very good
Great
Good
Toomuchinfo....fighting , cussing , fussing .....grown people ....dont beleive it....
A lot of pics don't show up
to slow and freezes up all the time
Best Social network apps
Too big brother for my liking
Vere good
Addicted
Keeps force closing
Mobile browser is better. News feed on app is never current
Very addictive app.
Works great!
The old version would give me the option to view top stories or most recent whereas this version does whatever it wants. I see updates days after they were posted
Precious
Da ethu kolllaammm
You promised you would leave the messages function in the Facebook app available for low-end devices. You obviously lied. I am not installing yet another messenger app and I already found a way to use messages through the main app.
Keeps on force closing after this update...Frequently being crashed
Its really slow it doesn't show everything that people post
I am having news feed news problem...!!!!     Please solve it...!!!????
I hate that the messages aren't back in the main app.
After update , the pic. Quality of photos  that i had upload is gone tooo bad .. Before update they are fine but after updating it . I dont know wht happened to it .please solve
Very interesting
So anoying because nearly everything else is fine
Keeps asking to many personal questions. I accidentally clicked on the one star.
How do u do
Wtf?! I can't start the app! My FB widget won't even open now either...this all happened after the recent update. Tried restarting my phone twice but still nothing! Fix please!
Can't select numerous photos for one post. Everything was fine before the update
Nice!
Pyaar
Pls develop new version
I HATE THAT I CANT CHANGE MY NEWS FEED TO MOST RECENT. I absolutely hate the "most popular" crap.
Best
All we need is love
Good
Face book is my outlet to family and friends. Being disable my phone is my lifeline..
for all..please uninstall this application because is not working to see news feed
When I get on my news feed its from two or three days ago and I wanna know what's goin on now. It gives me recent stuff every once in awhile but I wanna find things out when they happen. Not two or three days later..
Incompatible error
Very good
Nice
Love it
Uninstalled and will remain that way until the need for a separate messenger app is removed
Abdu ommala
Beter
Seems like the last couple of updates smoothed things out. I wish that they would fix one thing. When someone replies to your comment on an article, you shouldn't have to scroll through all the comments to find yours again and read the reply....not sure why the App does this...but it takes me directly to the reply on my desktop.
Nice
Awesome
I hate it it dosent let me go ito my porfile or into anyting its just so annoying and it happened a c tr tt update change it its sucks and i give it 2 stars i had 5 but i had to change it
This is a great app, theres just one problem. I used to get notifications with this app on my galaxy s3 and all other android devices. I got an s5 when it came out for virgin mobile. The notifications work at first. Now this app doesnt notify me anymore. The only notification I get is thru badge numbers on the app icon. I would give this app 5 stars but until this problem is fixed, it will stay at 3.
Excellent, : )
i  like it
Facebook and messenger use so much storage and bandwidth it's crazy.
Nice
I JUST NEED RECENT POST !!!! Why u guys always given me "popular" post ??? I miss fb in my BB.....
Love
Facebook
Love it
This is my tool to communicate ....thanks a lot fb
Awesome lol
Love it
Cool
Not working
Love it
now ok
I like to search a lot new girlfrens
Facebook
The best apps to come across and build the relation of True friendship.
Had to lower my rating after this recent upgrade. The battery life on my S5 is top notch yet immediately after said upgrade it is draining at an unbelievable rate.
The app must have the option of copy the text from newsfeeds
Totally ruined my timeline and share statuses. Crap
Every time I open the app it just takes forever to star running not to mention the fact that it slows down everything else
Excellent
Why it's always force close when opening my profile.. It was after last update... Fix it please, I think u have a much more bug in your last update.
Gud
Knowledge it
good
Ok so longggggy
Note 2
After the recent update my notifications are not showing me properly !! Its just blank notification appears on my slide! Fix it please
None of my news feed will load.
L
Micromax 110
Good app
I luv facebook
Gk Like

Worst app ever, i think checking your FB account on the internet is way better than checking it on this joke. Seriously, this app has the worst UI I've ever seen in my life. How is it that when you are searching for some friend or you are checking some friend's profile or photos and u want to check your notifications or messages u have to return all the way back to the main page? I mean, yo have to close page by page 'til get to the main page. That's just ridiculous. Desperately needs many UI improvements.
Not bad
Very Slow -_- :3
Saleh
Excellent development...
The news feed isn't up to date .
Happy......... :-)
I contacts with my families and friends of all the world, knowing new friends and that's interesting suggests pages.;-)
Records you when not in use, the app is not safe. Doesn't work well either.
No option 4 most recent posts. What's the point of seein posts from yesterday? Please sort it....
Birt bhal lagsa app ta...
Sometime it pass my time and most of the time it wastes.
okay but not okay. messenger sucks
Ok except for the constant changes
Just fine
I updated my app then tried connecting it to facebook and can not
Does what I need
Consuumes memory
Their are a quite a few of you who dislike this app. But check the stats, this app has been rated 5 stars a million more times compared to less. Very interesting app.
I just don't like it. It's always stopping.
Since the last update has not worked properly.
Trbaik
good
I have a problem that cant solved alrdy..i cant open group in my fb..always show something went wrong..what happen
Hiding Recent Stories option for Timeline/News Feed is a big play for advertising.  Really sucks.  Using web view now. --1
Hi
Superb
Still facing problems while deleting or writing comments and also posts
Just to earn money u stopped messenger in fb app its all bullshit
Screen flashes black and white every time I try to open it. I'm not loving this update.
It is the most privacy not friendly app ever. They even see you through your cameta when you don't use it. Now instead of friends post 70% of News Feed are commercials. Takes 1/3 of whole battery cycle. Now I have to charge battery before day ends...keep on spying Facebook,just keep on spying
Not as easy to navigate around the site the old version is more user friendly. Disopointed user
First
There shud b a night mode shud b there in the app...forcing to install mesenger
:/
Its very very good its working fine
My app keeps forceclosing and rebooting my phone, not kool!! Please fix asap
Awwesone
a great app... but some improvement required
I do not want messenger... As I can no longer get my messages through this I'm now going to uninstall it and use the website instead from a link on my home screen! Will free up a lot of space and battery time for music and pics too so happy days!
doesn't show me user's  profile pictutes
Good
Good
Vj
Good
Hello hy
Whats going on...?? How many times does this app crash of late.. on phone and tablet. I dare not comment or post on anything.
they should have never made the messenger app, cuz I will never check my messages, too many permissions allowed
Bakvas
I stop it from updating my phone dies I turn it back on and some how someone gave it permission to update when I had the settings to I need to give permission for it to
When i open facebook tells me about setting up facebook and install...please update & install inside my handphone
A76
Not bad
KF123123
i love fb...i talk to my family n friends;)
Hi
This app is very nice and mote comfortable
786
I want that can determine my nearby placee
Don't load videos
Good
So many updates came...! But can't u add an option to privacy...???? Which is custom...  i request u to add this option...
Once I can send messages from fb and not the messenger app I'll give 5 but the messenger DOES NOT WORK ON MY PHONE!
errrorrrrrrr
Very gud
Very nice
Good
Every time I try to open my Facebook app it just closes out immediately. Any games I play that are connected through won't let me open either! I can't even update it!!
Balaram
how come u can force people to use messager if we dont want it .this is such a bad act.please give us selections.
Can't even up date my fb now reallt annoyed!
No more words.
OK
Good
A meeting of friends and family
Improving
The developers of this app have no idea that what their customers is going through....it is super slow...they doesn't deserve 1 star also...its pathetic.
very good app.
I
No matter how many times I refresh no new stuff comes out.
Foggy
Wow
It is extremely laggy when swiping across the tabs whenever you start the app, espeically from the friends tab to message and from message to the notifications tab. My suspicion is that it is to do with your messaging which we are forced to use
Excellent Application Recommend
You show me message notifications but you want to take me to another facebook app to see them?  Does that make sense to you??  Not me...  either allow us to see them or remove notification
Due to recent updates, my fb will keeps on suddenly exit by itself and sometimes my whole phone lagged for few minutes without reason then continue to self exit again !! Fix these !!
Excellent
Great massage
Interesting
Best ever app
I dislike this app because  I can't update my profile pic with my old likes
The new version is sooo stupid.. nothing on my Facebook plays. It keeps shutting off wont let me reply to my message's ugh.... fix it now
Wish I could tag people I'm not friends with in comments.  Used to be able to, what happened?
SAMSUNG GALAXY S4
9/19/14 Update: NONE. Automatic shutdown continues. Who do i need to call or write to have this annoying problem fixed. Somebody PLEASE acknowelge the issue and remedy ASAP.        9/11/14:   Keeps closing down as i try to scroll through the news feed and also EVERYTIME I try to open my own page. Please fix soon.
Just wish it would stop freezing up and closing out anf always having to report it and never get any feedback or the problem fixed
Fantastic
So old
After the last update ny news feed did'nt load anymore . i can't see photos . so i've been use web , but its freaking hard . fix it fast .
If Gifs where supported that would be nice...
Can't msg
Now life is connect every where every world by facebook. I love it
What the heck happened since this new update? Can't even sign in now. Please fix this or will have to uninstall
manas
Really like this app...
Fantastic

Facebook is great cuz u get 2 make new friends N tell evry1 about ur life!
Best of best
System updated my samsung tablet last night and now i cant run FB. Comes up with an error and tells me to uninstall and re install. Been doing that all morning on top of checking other things and nothing is working. Fix the problem, ill fix the rating.
My app wants to update every two days and nothing seems to look different ... Ummm... Waste!! :(
I have a Samsung Galaxy Express and an iPod, it is such a great app, on my phone especially! I love it :)
This app is huge, makes a lot of traffic and sucks! Not to mention that I also need to install the stupid messenger.
I love Facebook
I cannot chat with my friends as it forces me to install the messenger app..its disgusting!?
More freezes and general lock ups than all the past updates over the last 6 months. "Clicked" videos freeze about 10 seconds in. Now I see why people are no longer using Facebook. With the technical issues and them hiding stories it doesn't work.
hi
Very good app..
good
I loved it
I love it
Nice
Keeps crashing all the time. When open the app it closes right away.
Wowwwww
Not all that satisfied
Love it!
Difficult to log in and don't get my notification s til hours later
Good Luke
Very good
Very good
Info.
Micromax phone loss
Why
Great
The previous version was much better this update hangs up frequently and fb app not responding message coming up.
They get away with a lot for constantly messing with their users.
The app is too big
Cool
Ok
Forcing to download another app
It's just stupid
Best way to connect world
Nice
Liked ok
Good
Ok
face book
Awsome
super
Move messenger back!
Addgffghh
I cant get on the dang app for 10 minutes without it shutting down!! Im goin back through the internet. Screw this crappy app. DONT DOWNLOAD IT!
Good to contact family overseas
But my all chat friends is not looking chat menu.

Yesterday morning it was working fine now it won't load anything & I can't even login threw my laptop please fix this!!! I am still getting notifications so I guess not everyone is having this problem but this needs fixed ASAP PLeASE fix this is the best app I have on my tablet an most deff my fav so plz fix so it will go back to normal!! Thanks! & when this is fixed I'll fix my rating!!!!
It s getting 2 worse n 2 irritatinggg wit new updates.....nvr evr update it...plzzzz
No longer using this fakebook
It eats a lot of ram. Really.
Good Communication.
Forcecloses to where i cant do anything
App keeps sending blank notifications. Draining my battery
This process is very slow nd and sometime hanging problem .plzz fix it .
Better after last update..
Oh, this is a good one. Got the Facebook app, and when I tried to log in, got message "Log In Error [190] The user must be an administrator of the page in order to impersonate it." I did a force stop, then cleared the data, then reselected None for sync (re: contacts). And then I was able to log in. Once.  Getting same message again. What is going on?
Nice but just put more games
logging hang and blockout,cant log in the update
Muhammad ishaq mahsud
Yes
I like it
Nyc app
Great faster browser
FIX YOUR CRAP!  For almost a month now, I can't keep it open for more than about 3 minutes before it crashes to home screen.  Can't view comments or pull up profiles without getting booted out.
It's an excellent app!
Ok
The app is great works perfectly. The only problem is that it seems to take up a lot of space on my phones internal memory.
Nice:
After update cant log in..
Please fix it keeps closing
Memory Leecher
Connect wid frnds
Randomly kicks me out all the time. Need to fix immediately or I'm deleting facebook in general.
Facebook
Worst app ever don't waste it time
Saya suka...
SUX
On the last update it wouldn't even open. It would stay on the blue loading screen and it messed up other apps as well
Good  work..
So good
This apps keeps lagging my cellphone. .. deleting
Love It
I m verybexite
Wast
Peter Pengabang Jakop
Best app ever face book is awsome
A lot better than it was. UI is smoother and faster. Switching between family, close friends, most popular and most recent is better. Still needs to make most recent default.
BS & i wish there was another fb app.
sk
Ali
Hi
Puras buenas
Fun and  found more family member,,,...the best when it stops going  Slow...
Fb nice chatting
Plz save this app
Face book
Need more better in changing profile pic
It is cool and I love it
Good
For several times I had that , but now it seems to disappear and it suggests to open the links via chrome. Please fix it.
Good
Good
Pi¨´ veloce e stabile. Ora si vedono i compleanni di "oggi" e si possono salvare le foto.
Havent tried it yet but enjoyed the last one I had
Keeps frezzing n I have to restart my phone to get it working again sort it out still frezzing and have to restart my ffone
¦Ð¦É¦Á¦Í¦Å¦É ¦Ð¦Ï¦Ë¦Ô RAM!
DHARMNEDRA  BARIA
Titil
We can make millions of frnds
Can't even get past the blue screen which says "Setting up Facebook" to login. Terrible!
Login error
wondarfull using
App is stuck all it says is setting up Facebook.
Good
Facebook should change its name to snake and ladders 1 minute you are good then your not from 4 stars to 1star my Facebook had frozen because I would not do a friend request LOL from total stranger who I don't know :-(((((((((((((((((((((( have deleted the app and reinstall it again old version but it working again any chance of job Mark? LOL :-)
it is a great app but it uses lots of mb..! plz make data saving app
Always shuts down its very poor
I don't want to download a separate app to send messages. I'm happy with my SMS/messaging app and don't want to use Facebook's new app for that.  Please let your users decide for themselves how they want to message.  It was great being able to send Facebook messages from within the main app and it was the most intuitive option.
Updated my fb & now its not showing any of my Notifications. Pls fix..
Mobile get hang
Owsome
Super
Idk where to begin?! When a vid autoplays it has no sound, when I tap on the video to play it in full screen it freezes my phone. Can't switch between my personal and business profile without getting an error to login, which forces me to reboot my phone. Loading times for pictures are ridiculous most the time. News feed filtering is pathetic, even on "most recent" it won't show all people and pages updates. But all the spammy advertisements work fine ... What happend Mark?!
Messages were removed and put in a separate app for absolutely no good reason. The only reason I still use this junk is because a few of my friends treat it like an e-mail replacement
Boom
Love
:))).    Thank you free WiFi at McDonald's :-)
i love facebook
Slow......
Nice application
Messenger sucks :3 Hays. Watta poor.
I keep getting blank notifications and cant tag people on comments after the last 2 updates, please fix.  From Xperia Z
Very good
Absolutely pants news feed is all over the joint. Your have a bubble
Love Facebook
Super
i love it
Jika kamu mencari seseorang yg terhilang dari hidupmu di waktu yg lampau .. pesbuk adalah pilihan yang tepat.
Nice one
cant watch video while browsing
Good but try something inovative
This is not good! Developers shd consider ppl who have limited internal memory on their cells. Cant move this app to SD card.
Dont like how your forced to dowload messenger
Always done error occurs

Nice
Fb is great enough said
i dnt like the new update needs be fixed
After the last update it is so slow and everything is so bad
Fix it
I dont like the fact that you took a lot of my post on my home page and converted them and I lost a lot of stuff I shared. Come on put it back the way it used to be!!
I like it most
I might check in on my old phone, will not install again... Ever. I haven't liked fb since they made me change to timeline. In a word, boo.
No life withot this
My best friend
U
Good for connect socially.
SAMSUNG Slll
Update caused my app to stay on the "setting up Facebook" screen im so shocked that an app thats been so great just got completely ruined and rendered completely useless
A smart way to meet old and new friends.
WHY I CAN'T DOWNLOAD IT ? WHENEVER I WANT TK DOWNLOAD IT IT TELL ME THERS IS AN ERROR . WHY? THOUGH I HAVE ENOUGH SPACE ON MY TAB
Samsung galaxy Duos 2

I love it
S
Everything everyone has already said is true. Why fix what isn't broken?
Coding to make the stop notifications option available consistently across the app is about 5 lines of python. Just do it!
v good f b
this is best for mobile.
I have been trying for 2 Days now and it just keeps loading. So updated it thinking that was the problem and still won't work.
Good but slow on loading the browser is way faster!!!
Woooow
it's good.
But it broke down alot after the latest update
Pretty much hate this app.
Very good
Best....but big apps
Its Awesome App
My news feed is all over the  place, I would like the most recent status to show!
This app keeps closing and it's irritating.
Nice thing
Cheers guys.
Facebook
After the recent update it keeps crashing frequently.
I love fb..
And the new messenger is awful
Will you guys can make it at least helpful on 512MB devices? Cause running this app eats lots of memory that makes phone laggy.
Why must fb be in phone only app. It not so important actually for my opinion. And the data also way too much from the other app. Even nothing been download from this fb
Unique one of this century
Love life
Not bad ;-)
Sorifulislam
Fake it
Fine
Great!
New update is crap. Always freezing.
Prone to crashes prior to the most recent update, the app was a bit unstable & buggy. Since updating though, it crashes so often it's virtually unusable. Guess it's back to using my browser again... or my phone, which doesn't share this issue.
Its a very good medium to be in touch with the friends
Facebook
make it sumthing like in ios its pretty cool there
It takes long to load nd its very slow!
Hangs a lot,rectify that
Needs to find more conservative ways to get the job done
Fecebook
Bagus
I am very disappointed with Facebook.  It continues to crash and I am not able to view, comment, etc.   Please fix whatever is wrong with your software.
fscebook
Facebook is a aap through which you all can meet ur frnds and share pics
It suppose that when Facebook make update to their app they enhance it not remove very important function like chat to forced me to install Facebook massenger
One of the best app
Yshuf
Its a complete bogas app.don waste ur tym downloading it
Description
R
Please fix the problem
Forced close,  trouble loading pictures. News feed doesn't update properly and someone's doesn't load.  Constant buffering.
Why does it take up so much space and why do you require downloading of the messenger app??
EXCELLENT APP.

Superb.. app n fb u knw vry well whats dat??
After the latest update, this app is now slow. As of now, I can't see what's the latest notification. Please fix and I'll change my rating into a 5 star.
I can't message to anyone from the application. Please fix it
Had to uninstall and reinstall or restart my phone multiple times.
Lub it
My news feed doesn't refreash I never have new stories. I can go on at a certain time then go back on 5+ hours later and its the same stories at the top. This very frustrating please fix!
What is this crapbook? Look if I wanted a separate app to message my friends I would download it, this used to be all in one and now your forcing us to get your crap message app? Zero stars you greedy Crapbook!
I love it
Why do we have to download Facebook messenger
Thanks
i can't upload n download photo
But I dont like every update will take another amount of mb...  Dang all you need to do I think is only tuning but not adding many features.  Hello this is not a game app¡­.
Good!!
Samsung grand 2
Top
Trying to download facebook over but it keep on saying there is an error...and its moving really slow smh..
Hidden most recent newsfeed!
Always got on well with this app regardless of what device I use it on. Can be a bit slow if signal is low but would give this app 10 out of 10
It's an app where you can have many interesting things,you can spend whole Day without getting bore...same time handle on your care..
Facebook
App is no working after this build and shows facebook has unfoutunately stopped and messenger also
My fb wont update its news feed or anything it just keeps loadin everything on it just keeps loadin and it doesnt matter if i get on it with my phone or the computer it does the same thing wut a piece of crap right now
Kerjakeras
Works fluid..!!!
Love it, never get tired.
After update it would not open
Ok
I love this app
Super
Krishna
Amazing
Ridgewell
Stop forcing people to install the messenger. I can not read my messages unless I install the app. I guess free will is not an option for people. You can not force people to use an app if they choose not to. It is unethical. New version will not update or install on an encrypted device. Forces reboot before the installation is completed.
It's good
Thanks f.b
Really fast loved it ;-)
Its baiter maisseng sending opstion
Working very well.
unable to upload profile pic
This app use to work better on my Samsung S5
Just wow
What i can help you. pls
Why provide a supposed update that makes the app worse than it previously was, get rid of the different versions of the newsfeed, most recent is the only one that is needed!!!!
Since broken before fixed,why fix unbroken,but keep the stars,you need them.
But when I enter to the message that smilys are compulsory!  :( there shoud be not now option provide!
What have you done it keep crushing ?????? Its crap facebook!!!!!
update is good
Kam  sari janda
I love the Facebook app
I love facebook
great
I am krrish kohli
Very nice app
The worst application I have ever used in my life. The feed streaming delay is absurd. If you snail mail an update, it might arrive faster. The messenger is corrupt and unsafe. Users beware!
Grrr
This app is absolutely terrible it take way to much space and for no reason I take the picture and makes them white this ain't even worth A STAR . I would not recommending this app to NOBODY.  Please take my word in advice
Always crashing and force close
Love it
Yani
Its the best app ever
Prashanth
Super
Verry nice
Ok...take the message button off the app.  It serves no purpose and notifies me of messenger messages after I've opened them.  Lame
Please installed fast
Difficult to log on after after update
Yes its annoying that the need feed is not most recent sometimes I set it to most recent and it gives me old ones you guys just need to fix that and it will be great!
I love fb.. :-*
No comments
Try it
Please do fix the problem. Too much slow
Really great application. Love it! <3
Sana dka na mag hung up.
Sham
I won't to brows faster
Hi excellent face  book. Number 1 Like photos and friends chat
Love it
This thing keeps on updating all the time and there is no difference at all , and whats with the thing that keeps trying to get into my cell phone contacts without my permission , stop with the bs and fix it at once
I didn't see my friend what they post & latest news
abcd
This version of fb is crap,  I av to keep uninstalling it to make it work properly,  fb need to make a new update so it works properly
The whole spying thing isn't helping
The only issue I have is I dont see all my friends statuses in a timely manner or in sequencial order
Have some fun...
Hate the messenger but still enjoy fb most the time.
Not bad
Stop updating it , it gets worser and worser and it want stop freezing
but old one was much better.....
Love it
Force closes on me 20 seconds after opening and takes up to much space, cant have any other apps on my phone if I want facebook on my phone, so I have to delete it.
The app still doesn't allow me to reply to a specific comment on a status. When you write a comment and someone leaves you a reply, the app also doesn't allow you to go to that specific reply, like the website does. It's makes it very difficult to view their reply or reply to them specifically without cycling through all of the comments that may have been left after your one. Takes far too long, I need an app that doesn't have to make me, go online and just you the website instead.
It's excellent
After locking in i am struggling to enter my password it is always rejected and its  so boring
Facebook
Without proper network  it will not work, but compare to this whatsup is good, less network also whatsup Will  works.
Ok I like ...
Fast Speed
Cool
Not bad
This app get slow my phone :(
How to stop fb from auto updates?.  Pls help.
Facebook aps
Life
Excellent apps
I cant installed lot of space
Deepi
The facebook is our life line so enjoy yourself
Love it
Used for years now; occasional crashes but not frequently from a heavy user. Smoother than using through mobile browser.  Get it!
This app is very aggravating it forecloses constantly.  It drains your battery trying to load alone to only foreclose. Every update is a downgrade
Dance
loved approach apostles
Nice..
After the new update, it has started to freeze and its too irritating
Perfect i hope it will not bring some freeze later on
Great
I would like recent news feed as default other than top stories. I don't care that the top stories from other day are still top..its old news..I want recent. Can we have a default recent?
Can't stand the new messenger it's very Intrusive. I have to uninstall Facebook then install it again because after several reminders I can't use the messenger unless I get the new one and that is NOT going to happen.
It is so good
Status-Check in buttons must be on top and News feeds-Notifications on the bottom as u check ur news feeds most of the time than status posting or check in.
The app keeps crashing when I go to use the app. It works the first try after the phone is turned on but crashes after the first few uses.
I'm using the test version and not having any issues.
Very good
That's. All I do love it
Love the application
Darude Sandstorm
Facebook
Connecting people
They need to quit updating it. It's taking up way too much room on my phone. I don't have that many apps but this one takes 150 megabytes out of my phone memory really??
Superb app
Super friends
Nice
The new update so bad always stop temporary
Excellent.
I like it even better now. I love the ability to see a video in my news feed like what the Facebook app does on the iPhone. Samsung S4 4.4.2
Should have read comments before i updated because now i can't even log in either lol
Awesome
Hunjra
The only reason I keep the app is to stay in touch with family and friends who won't switch to Google+. Newsfeed is constantly jumbled instead of most recent first. Hides posts from pages I am interested in.  Drains my phones battery to continue running in the background even when I have closed out of the app. Uses too much storage. I suspect it is also the reason wifi and Chrome automatically turn on when I turn them off to save battery usage. Major fixes needed before I change rating.
UNLIKE BUTTON and MULTIPLE UNFRIEND BUTTON  please!
there is a big gap between nice,like it or loved it.others posted pad pic and bad comments.
Good
The new update sucks, fix it before you guys get horrible ratings
I loved it
For new version
the fastest way to communicate with friends

Stupidity at best
I like the facebook
Ok
Best social media site
GALAXY Note III
It work v. Slow. I can't login also...... 
Good but hanigking
Thanks for your email address below to find some seeds are you busy now nightok we are enjoy the moon goodnight farahfromalibana the intended addressee and may be able to make yt the same time as the one that is the first time in the UK for the use the same way as a result of
What the hell is your problem guys?! It always stop and force close! Do we need to always update it?! Wtf!
Why do I have to download the messenger app just to write a message to someone I dont like to much crap downloaded to my phone shouldn't have to
I like so much Facebook.
i cant loggin error
Slow
Great Aap.... No one can down FB...
I would like to give 5 stars but It takes lots of inbuilt memory or phone memory pls resolve it..!!!!
News feed is not most recent just a mixed up mess
what the hell u...update by note 3..after update is alot problem...cant see the picture...cant refresh news...-.-same thing sia after updating..how many times u need us to complain..god...
Stop changing whst already works
Take forever to upload, fix it!! Your need to stop forcing people to download that stupid massager
Love it
I like you
After recent update I cannot upload picture from my phone picture gallery
Nice
Ok
Good
Good but during the cause of browsing, it would go off, indicating an error.
It so nice.
Absolutely loved it
A bit slower.
Rithy
Amazing I really love it because Facebook solve my problem the messenger problem thanks a lot keep it up
It helps me to talk with my friends
Its slow & not any new option after update,....... we want some new option or features like video chat & send video or audio by chat or message.
Current build clashes when lookimg through the feed
Best
Not bad
Next
I'm getting phantom notifications that have no body or text, just the word "facebook" it's really annoying
after the update its making my lg g3 hot. Using too much processor
Why sperate it
Nice
nice app
Super
Since yesterday's update I can't get on FB! Not sure if it's the update as I can't get FB to work on any device. Not through the app on the phone or tablet. Plus my laptop keeps giving me an error message stating website is either busy or has moved. I have gone through everything and no viruses. Plus FB is the ONLY issue all other apps work  .  And other links on my browser open. Please fix this issue,  as it is the only way I have to communicate with my father overseas.
Good but limited in many ways
very slow,I used to like it before but after I updated it becomes very slow
Good n nice...can get what u need
Force closes on me at least 10 times a day...
Have had to log out and shut off my phone several times a day. No news feed, connection lost, old posts from days ago showing up as new, uses a lot of data. Doesn¡¯t matter how much you report or complain nothing changes. Everyone I know with Facebook has the same issues.. Wake up and fix it!!! Has Facebook gotten so big customers come in last??? If I could have posted a comment without giving you any stars I would have.  Service sucks!!!!! After reading other posts how can you say you rate 4¡ï¡ï¡ï¡ï..B. S.
Cant watch videos since the update! Even ones that I uploaded!!! Reported the issue and havent got any responce. still cant watch videos and now my newsfeed wont load. And now they want to make me download a different app in order to use messenger. this is bullshit, facebook was my main way of getting ahold of far away friends and family and now you took that away. shame on you facebook, getting too big for your britches
Greatttttt  site but ......
Mortagy
I do not normally do reviews, but this update was so bad that I had to do one. Everything is so slow to load after the update even on highspeed 4G and Cable internet (20+ Mb/s). Why?
Gud
Nice
Love Facebook
Nice..i love this app.
After the update this app sucks! #appsucks
Thanks
Horrible!!!
Ever since the last up date my news feed never loads or there is always an error.
Thank you God
Cool!!
Just keep ur friends close to u
Noida city
Spinning off messenger kills Facebook for me. Using the app less and communicating with Google Hangouts more as a result.
Why I can't use it...? I cant open..
This works well to see FB posts like it should but it keeps running in the background on my DROID at 100% processor and I get 1/2 the battery life. Even if I stop the process it starts back up.
Too slow to load
Very cool
ever since ive updated it takes the pictures literaly forever too load too be able too view them.
Mobile a plus
Takes too much space. Can't send to SD card
Takes too much of ram ... Web version is better..
i hate receiving notifications saying this person changed his/her status, shared something, etc. when i can clearly see that on my news feed.
Recent
Good
Baguss
Love
Best
Hhhhyyy
I really loved
weast weast weast
This app is very smart and fast with chatting for Facebook. ...
Why on earth is it so difficult for these guys to design an app that just WORKS?  It freezes constantly, rendering it almost unusable at times.  When it doesn't lock up on you, it's a pretty straightforward app--about what you'd expect, not bad but definitely nothing special.  So basically it ranges from average to god awful, depending on whether or not it wants to work... another terrible effort, guys!
Connect with family and friends
Gy
My wifi works. All my other apps are working great. But when i go on facebook is says "cant conect"??? Please fix this.
Love the new update
Very Fast
Can't sort the newsfeed
This page verry nice
Poor in each sector
I've got a proplem with text it is n't clear
But it is built-in in Xperia c which eats up internal memory
The Best
Live it
Amaizing
J
Can log in facebook wahhahaha
:(
Love it
slower than crap.
Good
I call B.S on the 20 mbs it's actually 100 mbs and you can't even move the stupid app over to external micro sd card either. So there for it just keeps eating up you internal memory with every update.
helpful in all ways
A perfect app. No issue at all.
,927
After the update, app started randomly freezing, moving slow, and shutting down on it's own everytime i clicked something (on my Samsung tablet). It's ANNOYING, and keeps me from getting anything done in terms of advertising and promotion of my business. FIX ASAP PLEASE.
Love it
I love Facebook it's a good way to stay connected to people you care about!
Thanks to the new update i can't watch vidoes on my optimus g, 6 months later and i still can't watch videos, screw it i am staying on twitter and instagram
Satishkumarpatel
It is very slow and complicated . I am trying Facebook by browser now. Also opera in desktop mode works better than this s##t.
Ever since the recent update I can't watch video that was posted by friends and I try to clear and unstall it. Try to download it again and guess what it keep saying error code 23 something. Wtf !!!
Always Hang up
I can't even have a option to download or play video in mx player  Video starts playing automatically in video player
Good...I like it...
•þéWÍË
perfect
Good
Very bad
Facebook
APP is now sluggish, crashes often, and can no longer update photos. Not satisfied!!
my facebook is not responding !!
Amazing for my phone
Since the last update it doesn't load any video just says there is a connection error.
Good app.....
Too many ratchet people and the fuckin videos on Facebook are stupud
Not bad
It good but took much mb.
Best one
Chat wont even open because you need ANOTHER APP. That is INSANE.
better than before
Unable to log in. Logged out. Run-time error. Twitter is better.
It keep crash even when i dont open it
Stops responding when I didn't open it, slows down my phone. Definitely close to deleting it
Did recent update.  Now it doesn't work at all. deleted and reinstalled.  Didn't help. Won't load news feed or anything else.
Tid.  akbolehmasuk fb
It uses a lot of ram and then it wants messenger to be installed , to start conversation
How to stop getting notification after i have commented
Nice
Why is that my friends can capture their conversation on facebook messenger  via screenshot, while me and my sister cant?? Pls. repair this problem..
The face book is good
Its really good app otherwise
it did'nt respond most of the time
I love Facebook !! Its really fast and fun to use . 
Love it
It suddenly shut down.
It's wonderful
Showing random feeds... poor development of app... guess Google or Facebook is not listening to users.
not bad !
Really nice
Plz fix it tearing my cpu device
I had an error problem to open it.pls give me properly
Good
Yaga Yaga
Macam bodo
Chat with friends
That's why I hate it
Videos from people will not play.
Photos aren't clear -_-
Facebook
What happened to getting Most Recent in Newsfeed????? Uninstalling.
App
I love this app
- for not able to easily share and edit a post from anywhere within the app
I have no issues with it.
I don't want two Facebook apps on my phone
Ok
Its not even opening in my device....
Wants me to update but says not enough space & videos doesn't play! Now my notifications doesn't work!
Jimbo
"""""""""""""""""So Nice"""""""""""
I have a note 2 . 4.4.2 . Facebook not showing up in the the nofication bar. If I knew . I really didn't do that update
outstanding
very bad
It's been ok through the years
It repeatedly asks me to upgrade
Why I can't block a photo. I didn't like,common,or anything on it but why it always alert in my notification. Too annoying
Very good
i love this app
Pioneer
Hate how we don't have the option to change Feed from Top Stories to Recent... and when I get an email I can't chwck it out without that messenger crap bugging me if I want to install. No I don't leave me alone about it! Uninstalling App... Facebook is dead.
Takes up way to much system storage... total BS!
I can't log in... Fb don't reconize my device and sends me to the security code. The SMS didn't txt a new code to my cell.
Super
Good
This is so ANNOYING!!! Get it FIX!!!..
too much of time its take open the screen
Please fix it!!!i always get insufficient storage available because of this fb app...its to big 58mb when i start to login :(
//As of Sept 19, 2014, 2stars. WHY CAN I NO LONGER SET FUTURE POSTS TO FRIENDS OF FRIENDS, when in fact it is allowed to be changed on status ON CHROME but NOT PERMANENTLY?! Also, too much data usage but still poor receptiveness or slow loading! I AM CONSIDERING UNINSTALLING AND USING CHROME FOR FB FOREVER. What's the use if there is no difference?
Keeps geetin better
I hate that I have to download the messanger in order to see you messages it's wack and the news feed does whatever it wants it just  sucks overall
Yeoh
Just love it
When it's finished downloading it's showing incomplete error please fix this thing I am using Sony experience d2005
everything works well in this app except I keep get notifications that has nothing (a few per day). its really annoying.
Very usefull and eaiser
As the title says but since the update I've been getting ghost notifications. My phone has a Facebook notification but it is blank and when clicking on the notification it brings me to my Facebook notifications.....with nothing new.
Good
Take forever to to pull up on screen and when I login it all ways say fb not responding at least two time's
Facebook my favorite site
Great
Love it
Yeah I love Facebook it is so fun because I get to find my friends and it is fun!!!!!!!!);):)@%@
Good
It isn't working now. It won't even open up it freezes.  Leave it alone everytime you update it gets slower and now it don't even work!!!!
Quite Nice app
It's great
Facebook friends
Great to enjoy
Thats speed of loading and updates are so slow
Because lasagna
I love it because based in the backround the animate and other
Join to the people
facebook
Zaico zish
Pictures won't load since the new update
Buat masa ni saya rasa semuanya baik tapi kadang fb saya ni pandai stop sendiri
Thumbs Up!
Excellent app. Must hv for fb users
Very nice to meet all friends
It's already appreciable. But please do consider that your users wants a smooth experience when using your services.
I like 5 star
I love it so much
Good to use it all the time.
The problem is a ram my ram is under 50 mb now are you can fix this app not make a ram ...???   When you can fix I make 4star to this app and soo lagging and my connection is very strong
I have read many of these reviews and they are all of disappointment! Facebook are you listening?! We are the consumer, give us an update that will make us happy! I miss so many status updates because of the news feed. I dont care what people did hours ago. I want to see the most recent first. I would uninstall this app and log in from the browser if it wasnt such a pain in the a**. Please listen to the people!!
Always have a hard time with password. And now with last nights update it is being imposable to get back on. I will try for a while  today  but if keeps giving me trouble then I will never be back again!
So slow
Apps
This app keeps freezing up or says there is some kind of error & then shuts down. Very frustrating. Please fix this & you'll get a better rating. And messenger is a disaster! Will never install it again. EVER!!!!
Waaaaaaaaw Coooooool
Waste to use
Haridev1060
It
1234567
Best apppp
App doesn't work correctly while I have WiFi on. Pictures take forever to load.
Angel
It's ok
Severe bug on galaxy s5.. Drains battery and doesnt update via gps or cell tower. Uninstalled till bug fix
love
Better
Wooo!
I
Socail net
Hehehe
Fabulous app.
mr
move it to the sd card!!!
i like it thanks for creating this.... i love it hahah i love this app
Doesn't always load correctly
It's ridiculously annoying and there is nowhere in my settings to shut it off.
but there is some prob in the appp it gets stuck
I will NEVER download your messenger app
I want my news  feed to show the most recent news.
Nic
I would like to read my news feed. ....WITH OUT being sent flying to the top of the news feed when I'm perfectly happy reading the middle of it!!!.......YOU ALL ARE ....MICRO-MANAGING TOO F-ING MUCH......SICK OF IT!!!
What the F
Videos dont play
nice apps
I am glad that you put back facebook chat,thanks i apreciate it..give the people what they want :))
But nothing perfect
Too slow.....
Resolve it plzzz its freezing.
Cool
Hari
Love it
Slow app newsfeed is f****
Ok
Nice
Good
Luve it
Ms petey
I love it
Excellent
Masta
always hanging & is not responding.
What wrong with this?>_<
Thanx
Loved it
Cant play videos???????
If facebook will make a way to lessen the space used for the app that'd be great. I would give a 5 star rating if facebook will do dat
verry good
It is very slow  app....make it to be fast ..... screen also....routine to see....boring.
He is perfact men
So slow, so bad
My
State
Won't connect with chrome for external links and constantly freezes after update(17/9/14). Fix please.
..baru buleh wak fb hahaha
Facebook
Okay
I DONT WANT TO DOWNLOAD THE FACEBOOK MASSAGER ...MAKE IT TOGETHER WITHBTHIS APP
hoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
facebook
Luv it
Love u
Nice
Able to keep in touch with family and friends.
I am really like this apps
Thanks
gurleen
Femille
Facebook is ok in my book...face it.
Just love it
Home
Fuddu sala chalda ni
very good social net,,
Great
So Nice
D'best
Can you please fix this app!!!!!
Yes
Update for profiles to appear number of friends
I like FACEBOOK
Good...
Notifications are not receive..
diz is too much good app as all knew easy to access...
Your the best......
Forgot my password    :-(        can't get in
Good
FB change the generations
Why are you letting the videoes automatically play? I don't want to watch every single thing on my news feed and I certainly don't want you using up all my data on stupid videoes. Can we please go back to the way it was before, when I had the option of selecting what I wanted to watch?
Bad app cannot log in
Always slow ...hate that I have to download new app for inbox...takes up to much memory
Great n easy app
N
Super
get out and live your own life
love

Ok
Kool
Good excelent and i love it !
Below expectations very slow and update by update occupies more and more space
Good app for Facebook.. But the reply option for comments is missing..
I Iove this application.
Easy handling to work with this app.
I love this apps
need to add 'SHARE' function so can share great status or articles...
Cool
Good
Awesome
After updatng it runs sosososo slow... what happend?????kindly fix these apps of yours!!!we cant enjoy using it!!!!haistt!!!!
Suddenly d app stops n returns back on my home screen. ..pls fix dis...day by day aftr every update its bcmg wrst n y d hell it has to force me to install messenger. ...messenger causes my device to lag :/ :/
Just installed it again cause I'm bored its so slow it force closes when zooming or liking photos, it freezes all the time
Seriously, it crashes every minute or so. Fix or uninstall.
Lg p500 Good friendship app
Crashes very often! WTF
super
Ohhh
Please improve performance.  its really laggy also a memory hog. Feature wise the app is quite nice but try to improve screen real estate
Facebook   suck   my whole life 
Good
archup
Awesome
Rating
Please stop update
Love this app.
Simply gr8
Good
K&T
Its shows a 492 error for download. Gets irritate
Looooooveeeee it!!!
We are all in one together so nice app
What have you done !!??
The Facebook App for Android has greatly improved over the past few months both in preforming and User Interface, I rate this app 4 Stars of 5 because it uses way too much memory, this may not affect phones like the Samsung galaxy and other high end devices, but what about the ones on the lower end??? This app uses RAM quite obsessed and it even impacts greatly on storage. Also I would love to see Material Design coming to apps in versions of Android older than Android L.
Best social web
Plz look into it ...something went wrong as it was closing as i am about to open.now i have uninstalled & while installing again...its showing error '24'
This is a good app for Facebook
Very fine  use too easy and smooth ly
Not that good
Facebook
U
The new update freezes and closes on me all the time. Which is very frustrating. I don't care for the new messenger. I wish they'd just leave what's not broke alone. Every update it screws up worse.
Newsfeed is not updating
Good
It's easy to connection with others
Ssssslllllloooooowwwwww   plz make it fast:(
good
Tanwar
Excellent vrgen
Every time I try to open someone's profile or post something it closes and it doesn't even force close it just closes !! ever since I updated my tablet it started doing it
Goooooddd appp
Riyasat @787hamil coom
I dont know about face bookhow we downlod mehendi design
Good,  but it is not responding at least once a day. You might fix that bug. :)
Nice app
Why I cant down load the play service
Latest update is worse than HIV
Best
Its not working properly..fix it
T
Helpful
I very love it
Why should I sync my contacts
66761807
Its all what you need for everyday socials.
Hi
Facebook
I have a note 2 . 4.4.2 . Facebook not showing up in the the nofication bar
When I updated fb on my mobile from 4 days ago all news feed and all comments appear " just now" why it's happened ? and how can I fix this problem
Nice ui and ux,
Good
Matshema
The Boss
This very bad app in android phone bocz all data of fb are saved in phone storage and eat +100mb or ram as well
(Stop notification posts feature )must be exist in any post whatever is the post.
I Always Spend My time,Using Facebook AWEsome Method to connect with world.
Pls fix..
great.. but please next time don't force us to upload messenger....
One years
Facebook in  my application
Every time I click on the app it acts like it's loading and then it just shuts down. It's rather annoying.
Vvvvv good
Awesome app
Slow and buggy
Wants CUT, COPY and PASTE function
Thayyib
So far no problems.... :-)
Little loggy and little hang but its ok
Nice
I love this
Dewa
O+ 8.36z
Too slow
Good
nice app
Awesome
:v
Nice
Happy
Good
Not bad. Takes too much time for loading
Its like that i've updated 2 day ago and now ? Update again? Has updated 3 times this month dont update if its not fully updated .. Wasting my time
Facebook isn't loading notifications since yesterday. Xperia z1
Verry fast
Every thing I want ,it have it .excellent for nexus 4
Frequently force close after recent update!
Latest update has NOT improved how long it takes to download pictures each person posts that was messed up with the previous update.  Just horrible.  Fix it or I'm leaving Facebook.  Not worth my time.
Eats up useable space on phone even when its not running it collects a lot of data. Wtf
Kamlasingh
Rohitha  Ariyasingha
I know we turn off autoplay of videos on news feed but even if you back out it still plays.  You have to pause each video first then back out.
Bcos every day i use this app
Azam
Felizardo
Gud..
Great
It is the best way to be in contact wd ur relatives, friends and acquintances
There's no option for unfollow the post as i keep on getting irrelevant notification. Update it ASAP
Very good
Need better
Excellent
Eating To much Ram..
I hate this "top stories" nonsense. Bring back the most recent option!
i love it
always getting error..
When i click on any video posted by any page/person... FB exit itself... I cant see videos... Kindly check this issue
Third class app
I hope Facebook would implement material design for things like the transitions, effects but keep the iconic blue of facebook
Aarti
Coooolll
I want to give this a 5 Stars but, error loading news feed ):
(Y)
Yes, fb is a popular socioApp . but they have to response to all off the users ...
3 stars is enough for this app
Noor
I'm like Facebook
Superb
Not good
Owsem
just scrolling through feed & it freezes. have to get off, get on, and start from the top again just to have it freeze again.
Very good
What the f....k is this?! It doesn't let me to chat with my friend, and asking to install fb messenger first. Plz fix and I will give u 5 star
i like it
Make sure u're on wifi else be prepare to pay more for data usage.
why is it the only thing i can see in this app that its setting up?? how long does it take for it to set up!!!
Doesn't load on my phone now so I can't access Facebook at all.
Awesome application for the youth and easy to use.
Facebook
The app is perfect. No problem at all. Why do ya'll keep abusing this app? Because of this app i never need my laptop to login to facebook this app has EVERYTHING. NO problem at all.
Phone store sold me a used SIM card
With every update performance keeps getting worse
The people
Great!!
Akki
king
Like this app..
Updates every other day, and no changes?!?!
I love facebook so much 
Review
Very Enjoyable a great way to stay in touch with your family and friends
Galaxy s5
New updates good
Very ry good keep it up. Why this apps up date every three four day?
Why messenger ??? :/
very easy to use
Much better! Just wish all the desktop features were on the app.

Like
hayahay
Recently I update it and after 100 % completed it was again repeated 4 time for update after every 100 % and now not updated.......
I hope you will make a new version that allowed us to save or download the videos from facebook . Thank you .
Muahh
Cant use facebook after having the recent update.. pleasr fix!!! My gosh
RECHIE ICHI BALTAZAR
Nice
App was working fine till i installed the recent update. Can't open it now without my phone freezing. Uninstalled!!
Love it
i  love this facebook
It always force closes... n0ob app.
Good
A good way to reunite with childhood friends,and Classmates :)


Development officer
941
Very good
Omprakashsharm
Hello Facebook this is really nice up I find very useful I would like to say thank you
Love it
Since the new update it comes on and just freezes and won't do anything
App works great but I want recent to be my main news feed
Alamin
But more on the first edition!
it keeps on crashing... totally Not useable.. pls do something about it
Didnt dowunloaded it !
F****d up after update
M.s.umath
I liked it.......
How come this app is so difficuLt to update?? What happen to FACEBOOK? So many connection issues, it is so HARD to use to.. 
Takes so  much  storage space
Bad Trip
It has the MOST consumed space on this device of mine. And still, it seems that I cannot move the application into the SD card. Make it movable, so that it can save more space for the future application. I'd like to suggest for the creator to fix these problems. Some users are complaining about this issue too.
most recent
I can't log in anymore when I open its says login session failed please do sum thing
Amazing app
I love facebook,
This is finally a worthy app for Facebook! Now all we need is a proper tablet app!
I like it but it,s slow  prossess
Max
Superb
For God sake, why your app have to overheat phone cpu? Is it this some kind of way to force us to buy a flagship models?! Furthermore your app is some kind far better on other platforms like Windows or even freaking Ios, on android it consumes far to much ram, far too much cpu...  One word, poorely done
Like it
This is too good job....
Thanks
Its a bad version please update whenever I switched to facebook its stop working. Please fix it
Work perfect in my ace it should be in sd card consume lots of memory and there should me copy paste thing available
Go take a honest look at what this app has permission to.     The only thing facebook is not doing is holding YOUR phone. That aside it has control over EVERYTHING.
Since new update my news feed will not update. I pretty much have a Facebook account that I cannot use because of this update. Please fix.
Samsung galaxy s5
Application has been improved much but kindly add some feature for downloading a video as well ..
Why does this have too many bloody updates MAAAAN >:(
Nce app
Happy ever
Mishra
Good
Dont you ever read the reviews?? This app is just getting worse and more worse
Very nice keep that
I f****
Lol
Nice app
Sanjay
Loved it
Daughter s
Nice
Can't change to Pirate English for Talk Like A Pirate Day.  Not impressed.  My rights for expression have been violated.
There doesnt seem to be an option for 'most recent' posts my news feed is full of old posts and no way of changing this!! Please fix!
Its awesome with the new look but please make available the "unfollow" button.
Well since that update my newsfeed is not what it used to be. I only see posts 14-18hrs later even though I update my newsfeed.
Supportable
This is just an amazing app love to use Facebook from every this app....
Facebook
very bad
Awesome to express or self and know the people..
Bikin hidup kaga redup..yihaahh
The fast way to download n its safe and easy
Now I cant see any new post on my newsfeed .. back my newsfeed "most recently" ill give u 1 star :/
Awsme
Facebook
Nice
I love it
It was soo good :)
Its fine the only proplem about it  is that I have to install massenger
Thx facebook,because of u I can connect with my friend so easy
very slow
I'm using XPERIA X8 and I can't use it when I update it...it loading so long and always say "no connection" please fix it...I also can't send masseges
after 2 recent updates...why fb? pls try to fixed, tnx
thanh
Five stars for d fb app
Nice better than last  facebook
Since the update this morning I can't even log in. What's going on?
Consumed so much memory on my phone and another messenger app needs to be installed. Will just fb with internet.
Nc  app but i cannot save image in the messanger. .
Not working properly after storage 150 mb ram used closed automatically
Google that word what it means- Whenever I tried opening a page from my friends and wanted to scroll down or push the like button, I was immediately kicked out from my fb page. Fix this or I'll keep on using the BODOH word to describe fb.. Tqvm..
Good
Everytime i update my facebook,it gets worst,.newsfeed not on time.slow uploading pics.
nt bd
How to delete built-in Facebook app or Update??
Awsome,
P
Good job done.
Gud app
Only thing I would add i HD support for videos, and an option to switch to "Most recent" at the news page. Otherwise, very good app.
Slow
The times are wrong can't see recent posts and too many glitches. Fix it like it was
Its nice
nnnnnn
Images\Avatars not loading properly.

U suck fb
New update sucks. After a minutes open an application, it's stuck, blinking and I have to force shut it down before I explode like volcano at Fuji. Mark, please fix this.
Not bad.  Just need improvement.  Sometimes it keeps on crashing.  FIX THAT PLS THX
Good apps
Good
After i download the new version of fb i experience the poor service of it Please fix it I hate it very much
Thanks for this ap and i will chat my mother everday...
Shamsu
After loding its I am facing log in error.
Excellent
Cool
Stop messing with my news feed and stop deciding what I need to see or not. If  I have liked a page it means a want to see its posts. Stop forking around and let me decide what I want to see or not
Why am I getting notifications that just say "Facebook". Fuck that for a joke. Fix your shit Facebook.
Good  but not so impressive
keeps me connected but loading is  v slow
What a consistency...? Every update is making this poor and poorer..!! Can anybody make this application lighter and faster...?? Anybody there...? Pls improve this app man...! I love FB, but this app is killing my desire..
Ardalan
Drains battery!
Oo
I love Facebook I'm always on it
It hangs and does not have better features since if u care plz respond
Good for every one and easy to use
Facebook is the best performing social network.We can contact with friends all over the world very easily,no tension.
Gd
I love facebook.I'm always on it and know that I have a phone I get to be on it 24/7 a week
Excellent app....no bugs...works smoothly...
Nice app but the speed is slow
I love it . Its new version...:-)
But I don't want to install messenger
Nicce
Just awesome dude 
It keeps on crashing!!!
Since updated,  it keeps turning off while trying to watch videos. Im using the samsung tab.
Shall we be ever able to share video from fb to whatsapp and other chatting apps ???????
Samsung galaxy core
Good app
Your app is only getting worse day in day out.
Khan
Why only keeping messenger for messages.  Kindly split separate apps for likes; posts; finding friends; friends list; videos; photos; even for text posts. Please kindly kill the uniqueness of Facebook and split it into various apps.
It's very good
Awesome
Suparanu
It is nice and loving
Need seperate apps to message and uses too much data, it's time to dump it.
Why is it increasing in app space when it is so laggy
Listen or watch guys,I have latest version but it is worst cz I need messenger to send messages and many other reasons. Just make it good and I will redownload it and give 5 stars
123
Amman
Can i hit it?
Suddenly d app stops n returns back on my home screen. ..pls fix dis !!!
Still the same problems: 1. There is no way to refresh comments on Pages, pulling down the comments will entirely close the cloud with the comments and not refresh as we are used to. 2. Where available we cannot reply to comments or the replies to comments are not displayed in threads! That works on the web only.  It's constantly ignored, so downgrading to two-star rating.
Good
Ugh the news feed its not updating!!!!
Kasi nan fun kausap k
new
When I open news feed,it says connection lost.Fix please
Iloved it
This is better than before. Keep it up ! They just dont know how to use their phones and saying "slow". -___- Im clearing data every week so that Facebook will not use too much space from my internal memory. Note: Facebook cannot be moved to SD card. Noobs.
Why it cost a lof of Memory? Ill give 5 if you make it even just 20mb -_-
hated it
Kalpi
Good
Nice messenger
Live an inspired life
Most popular app ...
JAY GIRNARI
Setting up Facebook
U
Good one.. But can't get all newsfeed
It was gold previously till it was possible to send and read msg in Facebook apparently itself. Now it's forcing to install messenger App to send n read msg. Otherwise good App.
like
The application requires me to update nearly everyday. The app is becoming too huge.
My news feed used to show most recent but now it shows top stories that was taken days ago. Fix this one please. Thanks.
My passwords yaad nahi aata
Best
New feed keep on scrolling whats thaat :o
Won't load news feed
i really cant do my chat when iam using my mobile phone and tablets why only chat in fb sucks
So very great
New version is awesome
Hahaha
download
So amazing

Everytime  v long when  uploading  n stuck
Aku sangat berterima kasih ke pada yg  sahabat
Good but occupies too much of my RAM. Using Samsung galaxy star
Facebook
Kupal
Sabse bekaar app hai kabhi download hi nahi hota ....kis kamine ne banaya ......play store se ise remove kar do
Hate it since the messages cannot be opened. So stupid
Hmmm
Great way to get in touch with friends and family
Good.
Facebook....
Hi
Good application...it works!!:-)
Can't check my inbox
Good way!to comunicate with others
It wont let me log out of Facebook! It loads for logging out then crash and when i enter Facebook again it says session expired then back to load for logging out then crash again... Please fix :'(
Loving it. .. Grear app!
GOPAL SINGH
Love it so much
The app keeps on expanding . Slower versoin . Fixxx
(y)
I RELLY HATE THIS APP.... ALWAYS SAY FACEBOOK ISN'T RESPONDING WHAT THE HELL IS THAT??????
Luv it
I buy the new mobile iphone 6.i dowonload the facebook its very fast app esaily we can logout i like very much apps
the hell ? i like the new facebook app. but i do hate the part when i have to open my messenger just to chat with someone, it sucks.
;))
It is getting there, the beta app is a lot faster at loading posts and comments.
All is well...
Continuous loading resulting in going off and starting all over again.
My newsfeed freezes up as a scroll down my timeline...fix please
I was very happy because has a good social in the world.Facebook , I was very enjoyed. Okay bye.This is my description.
This application uses to much ram.
Please make sure to fix the apps its always tell error on my smartphone we will give a high recommendation on your apps
Its so slow application and also late updates comes on my timeling so its major problem for me
It's wonderful
This app keeps on messing up. I am NOT satisfied at all.
All good bro
Installation keeps crashing at 93% needs sorting out.
Used to love this app but after my Sony experia updated It uninstalled itself and I can't even download it again! It just comes up with "incompatible update"! Can somebody please help me fix this?
so god
Sexxx ha???
Very intrusive, and untrusted
superb app luv diZ
Won't even let me download it. absolute crap!
Very good
Nice for new update.
Will not let me vies "latest" instead of "top" in my newsfeed like I can on the site. Therefore useless except for posting
Time line jumbled up
Best
Love it!!!.
Awesome
nice
Cool!
Why do they need to have a separate Facebook messenger which can be integrated in Facebook app  ? 5 stars for implementing it in the next update. I'm not a big fan of viewing Facebook posts in one app and sending Facebook messages in a second app.
Yooooooooooowwwwwwwww
Good
Since the new update I  Can't watch any videos fix this asap plz
Thanks
Updating it again and again is the worst thing to do
Not working in most of the android phones...since a few days....
Hmmm
It is so awesome
Awesome
Never had a problem :)
Best
Continuos updates wid the bugs tweaked makes it good.  Expecting editing timeline opt
salamat
bye
I need news feed of recently posted not jumbled al messed up and not able to download any of the video on fb.. plz fix it
error
So easy, gives u everything u need at a touch of a button.
I can contact all my friend in facebook and share many things
Soo slow....
iloveu facebook
Greeeeaaaatttt
super
Lovely app this ummah
Bharatsuthar
Need messenger to chat friends ?  Wiw
satisfied
Loading slow on Sensation XE
Sucks.
Nice
GPS makes my phone slow and I hate that..hope to have a option for GPS so that I can turn it off.
:))
I like fb
Very slow
my photo
Good app
Most recent should be moved to news feed tab and can be chosen as default... I will keep giving low rating until this is sorted out why should i see old posts fix it already 
:(
Panget
I love it
Good
Cool app
As
Super aap
Time wasted  .And so slow no meter the mobile company is.
I don't know about this app. but I hear so much about it that's why I download this app.
Nice
Good
If there's a way to view the "VIDEOS" album, I can't find it.   Am I the only one?     Android version
Good
Good app
mamun
Like
Lovvvvvved
noob lahat
Good
Good
Tewekeltu alalah
Ayaw gumana...
Gud apps
Singh
Wish we could keep Recent Post, without having to scroll down to a link.
Like it
Awsom this app
Chat
Nice
I need to be able to delete multiple messages and notifications people.
Not bad
Who visited my profile  pls add this in timeline
The update version doesn't work. And the same problem with my friend's app. Why to update when the users are getting problem and error again and again? Please sort it out this error!
4Star
Good social app
The latest update sucks!! It won't even let me see my news feed now!!
Qamar
Facebook good
Fb everywhere
Please make the photo uploading easier by browsing thru phone albums. Not by date of latest pic..  Thanks
Since last few updates.. The application is just trying to juice up my battery!! It uses 1/4th of my RAM which causes battery depletion. Not at all liking it!
good apps so far
You can listen to phone calls.  Read txt/pic msgs. Read emails. Delete whats on anyones sd card. Organize/change anything on a phone without the users permission.  Dont you think you've gone to far?
its improving day by day
I hope the admin can  do more improvement.. specially it always happen hanging all at times not working so badly slow..
It has been crashing quite a lot and doing it more every day and the same for my gf who uses it on her ipad #apple #get your #sht #together
suler   fast
Good one
Like to the new York NY t
great
Good
trop cool kmm apli
This is my 50th time i intalled this app
Just can't put it down lol
I signed up to be an android beta tester, but had to leave the program because I was unable to access my messages,the app kept crashing...I've uninstalled and installed regular fb...despite a few niggles it's still my favourite app!!
Nishan love this
I like it
very nice
Good to being human;)
Love it.
Nice
Foolest
Very love this app
Hot
Very good and fast app
When i commented on any post the comments are hide.. When I again commented then they are visible.. Please fix it :/
highestx
Fb application is good. But sometimes loading. Hope fb fix it well if i log in always setting up and then just a moment and it takes 2 minutes to open.
Hate
Funny how I cant send messages on the FB app BUT they can bombard me with messages to download their messenger app. Get your stuff together. Every update you have your app gets slower, smh
Seen many improvements
Good
Unless you install the fb mssnger, theres no way to see your inbox. Why???
Nice service
i cannot load my newsfeed after the update
Love it
Nice
Love it
I hate the messenger
Messenger is a must add, steals your identity and sales it
Facebook allows bullying, it allows people to degrade and denigrate people based on religion, sexual orientation self expression and what they do for a living even allowing pages advocating violence and murder of people because of their job. This needs to end.
It's cool but have problems sometimes!!!!!!!!!!!!
Not bad yr
Facebooks messenger is a nitemare. I have private messages from friends and family but I can't open them unless I'm forcefed through messenger. I haven't once read any of my messages because I've downloaded mess.....r 2x and uninstalled it both times. For a social app. Facebook forcing messenger on us well      there's no socializing going on for many of us who skip over messageing back and 4th because were forced to thanks for our freedom to socialize with force. Messenger may be the fall of FB
I dont even have it lol
Not playing videos
Love it
Nice app
Sultan erfani " nice app
:-D
Facebook is among the best companies I admire.. What made the best set of programmers write such a slow application which is slower (10 times I would say) than the regular browser!!!
Force closes all the time. Please fix. Anytime I click on a friends page to comment or like it close's. Really annoying.
My life..
Not bad
The new update is just full of bugs. Facebook when opened flashes and stops functioning. Even after closing the app fully and reopening it still has the same issue.
Really nice
How tf I'm blocked from using the like feature? I'm hardly on fb, went to my activity log and it says I liked the same thing several times. Couldn't be possible. Fix please.
The app is slow for an android
Its great hving this app
Nice app
Son-j
Good one
What is this? too slow... Needs improvement...  If this app does not add new features than normal web browsing why should I use it??  Can be improved on many points... - speed increment needed - birthdays can be added to calender - photoes can be uploaded directly to albums - catch should be saved so next time when I open app... Make it fast and with lesser data use - profile editing should be available - photo viewer can be improved - if I want to see all updates from my all friends then it should be given
Imaging and fashion  family  friend
Love it
All ok
Great
Baby
Wish it had thumbs down.
I get alot of jumbled news feeds and errors, but it's doable
Ya like ed
Thank
It was ought
The ONLY reason I keep Facebook is because I haven't found another social media to spread my work. Facebook has become filled with pansies! It's for NETWORKING but if you attempt that...you get blocked. Just put an option if the person doesn't wish to accept someone. They are simply given the option to block the person. Also...There are PERFORMERS that wish to keep their identities SECRET because of stalkers and online predators. QUIT HARASSING THEM!
Ilove it
Had to open app before seeing what happened though my setting allows it.
156MB's are you serious???Plus 90MB of ram?? Iwant most recent stories first!!. !Videos autoplay , even if i set it to "off. I can't even see my family and friends statutes anymore , all i see is famous people that get tons of likes ... Forcing us to download messenger ?? And Not being able to delete this stupid built in app , you guys really need to fix all of this.. i want the good old facebook back
I don't think any rating is required. Ppl as such are gonna install this, no matter what.
Excellent
I would like to see that option.
Keeps crashing after the last update
Bisa banyak teman.
Works perfectly
So easy
I can't delete this off my phone. All it does is update and eat up memory on my phone.
Still no location on post's guys.............
Life
It was a great app bit the last update messed it all up if it loads it won't load pics and its super slow might as well uninstall it and use the browser
Best on my phone so far! Samsung Galaxy Note.
They autoplay the videos on the new uptate so i think is some kind of tryimg help to companies to us loose more data cause everytime a video autoplay your wasting data so is all about making money for them and us paying more for our bill !!!
Really???
Issues with pictures!!!!!!
I love it...
Facebook
Facebook
I can't play / see videos from this app
I LOVE FACEBOOK!!!
Lovely friends
Good
But slow
Facebook app is fun
Nice apps
I don't like to be forced to download the messenger app.
Gharti5000
Its eh ok
kambato
Sucks
It eats my internal memory!It sucks Don't wanna try this It's annoying
Apmos
It has many improvements excellent
Good app
its fluid fast than this android counterpart.   pls. make this as stable as the ios version. .. thanks..
After the latest update, no videos are being played! Just says sorry camnot play the video due to an error. Please fix asap!
It's loads so slow. Viewing friend's profile (and mine) and photos takes a lot of time. Also, it keeps on saying "error loading newsfeed" on my newsfeed. I can't even play videos. Sucks!
Good I like....
Really loved it
If you guys would only let us save the app on the SD card
i cant refresh my timeline nor able to refresh  notifications please solve the problem
If we use facebook right way this will give riht output plz my request use this rght.
Lol
Perrey !!
I like it
Nice
This app is the best social app love it
Rarely opens on my new phone. Have to keep starting and closing it to work. Please fix this issue.
It getting better, old versions we use to have lots of problems
Love it
Love it
Easy
Love it
Never shows the most recent news.  Always never shows all my friends in my account.  Is there anything else like Facebook to change ?
nice
After updating.. no more messenger in the facebook application.. why do need two different aps for facebook timeline n messenger? Really hate it! Cant just get in one application like before? Complete in one aps "facebook"? Mehhhh....
I strongly dislike the messenger idea. Please bring back messenger to Facebook  app and not messenger
Thank for this application
Even after new update still no location on posts,come on guys can we have a fix pls.....
Like the improvements, keep it up.
Since the recent update facebook keeps popping up blank notifications in my phone notifications panel... Just says facebook, no other details. When clicked it shows my facebook notifications page, but there's nothing new. Annoying as hell.
With the recent updates, the app randomly shuts down on me.  Constantly!
Tooo much goood
please create an app for accessing the synced photos
This app is getting worse with each upgrade. It freezes and stops alot! Needs an upgrade that will make it work. 
Love you
It became very slow.
P
Good
Good
love it
I love facebook..its very usefull aap
It's okay.
I hated having to download this app to send and receive messages on FB.....if I want to be contacted or want to contact someone,  I'd prefer just logging into my account instead of having to install a separate app.....bleh!
Terrible takes to long to load feeds ,full of advertising& constantly running video player therefore running down phone battery ! Full of spam/fake sites u click on the wrong one & your device is infected w/ spam/malware ! FB knows of this & it continues to happen !  New FB MESSENGER IS A VIOLATION OF SO MANY PRIVICY ISSUE'S IT'S NOT AN UPGRADE IT IS DISGRACEFUL THAT MARK ZUKERBURG STOOPING TO THE LEVEL OF A HACKER ! SHAME ON YOU MARK !
Problem watching videos!!! App closes if I play a video
Good
Nice..
In Google it is beter. But always error in loading text & wasting time.
Good
Had to change my password 3times in 5min. Seriously i just deleted the app afterwards.
Bahot Jordar
awesome
Needs much more work with how to manage most recent feeds.
Good
Awesome app
Not happy camper
After u download it and try to send a message u cant and then u have to download another app so u can text but then when u have that u still cant text thats why I dont have it no more
Love fb app
I love it.
Hase
I have  a straight talk phone(ZTE Valet).So far it hasn't had any problems connecting or anything else:-)
Excellent
It will not let me download the app at all! Please fix asap!!
Its my favorite app
Whenever I updated this bogus app it causes feature lose to my browser's facebook page. And it crashes all of the time.
Very nice and great to have it up to date.
I like it ! xD !
Slow and bug-ridden, and a memory hog to boot. Do yourself a favor and skip it; just use your phone's Web app to access facebook.
It's Facebook  it's needed in everyone's life
App freezes at least 5 times a day. Didn't use to do this before the update. Fix and I'll fix my rating.
fb no longer will load. Need to fix asap!
Facebook is a great app ever
After ever update  this app  sucks more and more fix loading issue  now plz
Crashes occasionally
Browser
Its amazing through this site i m chat my old frnds..
I was having freezing issues so I uninstalled and now I can't install it because of a "-24 issue"
The app is ok
We love fv
Quit changing how my news feed is displayed.  I want most recent not top stories as my default.  Constantly expanding in size and slows down everyday.
:-)
Best time pass
Muy bueno
Waste of time
Update removed the user's ability to sort feed by most recent. What do I care about most popular posts? It just brings advertising and sponsored crap to the top and my friends' updates get less and less visible. Just another example of facebook trying to manipulate its users.
my facebook not working.. please fix ( katana)
I love it
W ,d have been nice!But still I can,t create an account despite having gmail Acct.Please help open an account.
Approve
Nice
Having login and news feed update issues.
3 until then..
Slimply big size but browsing very slow...
Face book
The new interface is, meh Ok I guess! BUT! I want my most recent stories back! TOP stories SUCK! 
Good app
I'm on Facebook for about 3 mins and it closes. I can't watch videos it keeps saying there is an error. Fix the problems and I will change my rating.
Keeps shutting off since latest update
Thanks
Tapi nape pm masej kena download lain.. terlalu bnyk nk download... mcm fon yg kurang memory fon dah tak boleh nk download... kan msalh tu....
Way to much trouble waiting on Facebook to load.  It stops and reload, When someone hacks you and you tell them about they don't fix it.
Keeps posting old stuff. Said my brother was at a restaurant somewhere and he was next to me in a completely different county.
I tried to log in keep on failing reset an retry not working bad app.
Wast
Utterly useless now. Wtg Facebook.  Samsung tab 3 10.1
I like this because its really simple and easy,
Its amazing
Its ok
Very slow download
After updating anytime I want to check Facebook I have to turn WiFi off.  Instagram is the same way now also.
Its take too much time to login and showing news feed of last day..
This app keeps randomly closing. Wth?
I love it so much! It helps
This app threw a total wrench into my phone and I couldn't ever get on my page with it. I think you should rename the app GREMLIN!
Faltu
Lov
It's cool you can contact ur friends,family,relatives etc... great app.
Haha i love it ...
It seems there's another large update every few days and with each update, there are new issues. I don't want to see top stories as my default feed. If I go to most recent, I lose the ability to see my tabs for notifications and messages. You're doing too much!
Great
hi
Wonderfull
Plss have a new brand UI
I am in China.. here not allow FB and every time FB trying to update but Can't... so it's also doing battery consuming... what can I do..

Nothing wrong with this app!
It's a  fustracion to log in and connect more painful for me It says I can't connect to play candy crush
Great app keeps me connected with my friends and family. Up dates were nice to. Thanks so much!
Tracks location even when logged out of. cleared data as in all data from the app from the manage apps option in android and somehow this app still accumulates data and cache? Sticky broadcasts? Wants to act as the downloaded manager and have access to change system settings,sync settings and near field communications. Record video and sound plus take pictures without user intervention - as in remotely whenever it wants without user knowledge. Last I checked that's spying and a constitutional violation.
I love this app. Well done!
I am loving it
I like it..
Silver
You  can't  select  & copy  the text .
Good
Love it
Please fix.
I like this app because you can use Facebook so easily other than browser
Good
I have had a lot of trouble just logging on since I updated last night.
Nice ah .....
Nice app but Eats a lot of internal memory. gotta fix this as soon as possible.
Semoga jaya
Works extremely well. I've never had a problem with it.
Don't like not being able to set my news feeds from newest to oldest. ..
The update ruined it js.
Keep getting blank toasts, they open my notifications and nothing is there. Happens every 15min or so.
It keep closing the app please fix this
Samsung Galaxy Note 3
Its Amazing utot kayo
This app has never been so pathetic before. It is slouchy and does not respond at all!!! Awful app!! I installed it again last nite but had to uninstall it today because it just wont work!! Plz fix it bfr all of us uninstall it x-(
Thumbu
I want to see my most recent stories. .
TO much memmoryn
The new update jacked up the news  feed hate it!
The best all
Great app
Awesome you are 1 billion stars
Needs updates that will decrease RAM consumption
But its to log i can't enjoy this app because of that log pleasr fix it its very slow
Super
I hope you fixed it so it doesn't make me to force close all the time
V nice
Good but why it is consuming more space of my phone,,, because of that my phone is working slow,, when I first install this it's in size of 26mb  but now it is in size of 90mb,, uyuu
Suprb
Its good but can't   copy any word like someone status. Fix this i will give 5star
When I loged in to my bro account. I can't log out so i have to deleate it
it lots of memory
Love it
There is a problem in tag friends.. unfortunatly facebook stop msg cames.... it is not better then the privious version. Very bad app.. i cant see it again plss change this app and come with a better version.
Dahod
Ab sab batanahi padega kya..??
Best
Good
Separate app for messages, a jumbled up news feed, this things bullshit now! I'm uninstalling it
Cute
Good see the new friends
Why can I not Update my Profile City to : Pottsville NSW closest is Pottsville USA!!!!  Cannot download update due to error!!!
Sociable, informing Joyning families and friends distanceless.
From the last update my app doesn't work anymore . fix it up.
Awesome! !!
make us apart...
Its good
Updates everyday!!! Freezing... about done with it.
Good improved.. we unable to see number of friends in mobile apps
Fvggc
i don't want to use 2 apps for the same thing.
It will not let me comment on post you need to fix it . I mean why fix something when it was not broke to begin with come on Facebook developers.
<3
Not like the messenger for writting a message.
Every time i update but its not working.
Mom u
Love the app fast and easy one touch and share
Simili
My phone is slower then hell now and it kicks me out of the app. I dont like it one bit. I want the other one back
Gattaran cagayan
Rishi ram tripathi
Ooooo raves
How pathetic! When I tap the face app, it always lag/hang.. pls fix.. so i will give 5 stars again.
Is all in facebook....is all all in facebook !!!!
Good
nice
Even if you will control the human race with it.
Hangs up after up date
V.Good
Pls fix this prob ..

Superlike
Terbaek
Double posts on comments now and still cannot move the Gigantic app to SD. Also the huge ads are back. Latest update brings random force closes. Loving these force closes every 5min. Keep em coming.
Very nice
It's not even notifying me on any notifications. I have to go and just look myself because sometimes friends will say hey I tagged you why didn't you write back but I won't receive anything.
Nice
Just I like it
Facebook I need more news what's going on in the world right now
I really appreciate how the folks at Facebook are too good to respond to ANY of the reviews. Or listen to, or implement requested changes...
Great way to keep in touch with family and friends but  you cant delete profiles deactivating it is not deleting
I have no idea what happened or what changed, but the Facebook app on my galaxy tab force closes CONSTANTLY and has done so for the past few days. I open the app, scroll or click a few times  and it closes. Open again, rinse repeat. I will try uninstalling and reinstall, but I refuse to install the app on my phone again, so if facebook doesn't resolve this issue then i will just be using it a lot less since accessing it through the mobile browser is slow and annoying. REVISED: installed the update just now. Still force closing, but is closing even faster now. I dont even get a chance to scroll or click anything before it closes. I guess this shat can be considered an undocumented feature. Well done. -_-
Amazing Social Contact...
Facebook
is apps no good I don't like it it takes too much time to download
No videos on my Note will play since last update...
Super
Seria melhor se fosse full screen
Bring back messages
I don't know what users complain about...
Yo soy la de siempre ,solo que nadie me conoce.
Can't even download Facebook
Working flawlessly
Not like it used to be. I hate messenger
Takes up too much space and now doesn't have messenger
Rahul
Give us back our privacy please.
This turn notification on/ off feature is not just doing it for me. Please fix. Still the same even after this update
Nice..
(improvements in reliability and speed) pl0x just  stahp!  Type in "Update and tell us what you think and we can give another huge update" just...just fark man...
Awesome XD nice
awesome Update
Won't even start up. And uses more space. Uninstalled
Unbearably slow since last update. Please do something right, for once.
Dress the baby care 4 him lika  real baby
I like this apps...
Nice apps
Chatting
You'll need rehabilitation, I do....
suka
Easy to use and can find alot of friengs
Totally dislike the performance. Keeps freezing and hardly refreshes.
Video won't play...
Excellent app :-)
Good
I don't like this apps
All these updates, all this messenger b.s. why couldn't you just leave well enough alone. It worked just fine, don't fix it, if it isn't broken.
Ilovefbook
If I want to watch a video, I will push play. Why is it necessary to auto play videos? Lagging horribly
It occupies a lot of space in my internal storage. I can't download other apps. Please fixed this. Thanks.
I love Facebook...
Thanks
Add some excellent features... Now fb is gettng bore.
it works 2 slow......
Forever
Aku suami
Nirav
Please don't crop the picture into square when uploading profile picture. Fix this!!!
I like this app
Ajja bouth badiya
Superb
Can we have a reply button like the website, plus show those replies as an embedded thread.
Super
Samsung S3
needs another update ASAP
I can get on anything newsfeed everyday my phone is great
Nice app
Nice
Okay i got the update today however my GPS and location are not working with out this feature i not be able too make my status because i like people too see my location.  And i sent feed make too you guys too fix that aswell.
Awesome
Very Good
Short n tiny app
Great!
Rather hop online to actually post something on my wall or someone else's. This app sucks!  Won't let me open it so I got rid of it thinking if I reinstall it it'll work now it won't even download... i even emailed Facebook nothing in response!
After update I cant logout.....why.?
Dont like it with messenger.. I want this in one application only
very nice
Ok
Everytime has a problem with connection
After the updates... Facebook won't sync with my calender anymore... hope u guys can fix it soon....hates it...
it can use it anytime...we found, we unite, we renuion everything thanks
so far bad reviews
Add text copy option immediately
24MB update! you know I would like the space for other apps!
Can't log in can't get on fb no more
Won't even let me download onto my phone due to an compatible update and my phone is an experia e1
Please fix all!"!!!! In order to have a smooth use of different features in Facebook...
Super....
*Ashley B*
I can't open my account. Fix it.
Occupies too much internal memory & can't be even moved to SD card,like messenger...
I don't use facebook messaging very often I don't want your separate app for messaging. Quit bugging me about it the few times I actually want to check my messaging within the Facebook app. Just give me my messages there!
Thanks again for all of you
Facebook needs to make it so you can share stuff with groups on the mobile version like you can on desktop!!
It's okay
Updated and was strongarmed into messenger only to have the slowest fb experience yet.  Pics dont load, searches take forever. Only things that load quickly are ads. Time to reconsider. Also I set my profile to private yet anyone including hateful ex gfs can see exactly what i post who i friend and my activity log even though i have indicated otherwise on my acct. Settings....
Fast and easy
You know people want it, so why not make it possible with the next update.
Borning
Always freezes on launch after this latest update. Have to reboot to get a good launch.
Awesome I love fb
Update causes crashes everytime!  I'm lucky if it works for 60 seconds.
Awesome app...looking beauty guys.... #$$$
Smart people with bright ideas keep breaking what little about it was good. First was myspace, now Facebook and twitter. Time for the next big thing.... can't wait to abandon this overwhelming Spyware/ adware make believe social media app where nothing is private and everything has a motive.
Great
Improve on loading stuff
Faster
I have and will keep this uninstalled. I am just about done with facebook. EVERY day i am unable to use to app for 12+ hours. It's ridiculous
Pretty complete app. Lot of permissions required, but what else is new
All kinds of problems with Facebook.  Can't live without it, ... can't live with it.
1 Billion
Wow
very lag and not smooth in scrolling
Hate it
Pretty good over all
Doesn't work
Yay for new updates
Awsme
Isamae2629
World
Meh
This app quite saving my quota
I like facebook but it cant connect facebook to hay day (^-*)
Just annoying whenever you scroll down reading new content and all of a sudden,  the app detects new contents and decides to go back to the top on its own.  Then you have to start all over again and hope the same thing doesn't happen again.  Better read fast!
Shubha
I think it sucks when it pushes things on you
Poop don't install its hacked
The app doesn't work right anymore after the recent update. i have installed it on diferent devices in my house and it keeps disappointing me.
Love it
Everytime im trying to play a video comes up with error
Dance to music
Ones that have true meaning not nasty words and vulgarity!!!
Worthless app won't even work on my phone now and this phone was designed for it....worthless and slow
I cant log on some error pop up and when i try again it freezes my phone. Will be deleting it.
Nice
The new update ain't giving me any notifications even when the notifications are On. It' really bad.
easy
I don't appreciate being forced to use Facebook messenger , this is android not stupid iOS , we should be always given a choice in android. (V. 17)
Sachin
Facebook
Gud
Incounter problems in loading
Yeh! Just updated. Now crash crash crash. App will not stay open. Samsung S2 Epic 4G Touch.
Great

Have fun with this app, i can find my frend, and many more..
:)
But it's needed to upgrade tag options... Before upload pictures need to tag more people.... Only 50 people not enough.... Fix it
Force close again and again and againnnn... Soooo annoying! :/
Its better than laptop
I upset fb but when I sweche off cell  and after on my cell fb is get upset plz say to me what reason twice I loss my mb.
Lol
Everyday
wonderful
Best app eva
Dice q hay un update y cuando vengo aqui hacerlo no sale nada...

Nice
Excellent
Champion!!!
All around good ap
ADDED NEWEST UPGRADE NOW THROWS ME OFF FACEBOOK ON BOTH CELL AND TABLET
Most of the post are advertisement! ! To see friends post have to look at side post thing and now I have to load an app to message and it freezes the phone!!
Excellent
You're always getting locked out of your own account every week, I have to reset my password.  And forget any communication with this giant who's own Mark Zuckerberg got top billionaire in Forbes Magazine. Yeah, he's not fixing anything.  Good luck. <3
After the latest update after I use the app it makes my device stop for no reason at all !
i love facebook
My newsfeed is like a mess, its not ordered from recent to late. Pls can you fix it guys..
Kool
I have a droid maxx n when I'm connected to WiFi I can't see pics or videos.   Please fix this soon.  Its ridiculous    or maybe everyone should just stop using the Facebook app.
What is wrong with this app its terrible why can't you fix it ?? I go through the web and it works fine
Nice
Ok so I got a bew phone to download the app but now when I download it I can't download anything but Facebook to much mb and you guys just keep redoing it and that ain't fair how much mb it uses fix mb please
If I don't  want to be forced to have something I don't  need (Facebook  Messenger ). It  is  so unnecessary not mention I don't  have the  storage space for  it.
Good
After the new update can't read but so many status then it shuts down and goes to my home phone screen
I absolutely HATE this app. I can't see pics since the last 2 updates. This is the only way to keep up with out of town relative's and friends
Gmw
Ever since the update I have had nothing but problems with this app. It uses up hundreds of megabytes and requires way too many permissions. My conclusion Facebook you can definitely do better. And BTW I strongly dislike the messenger app what happened to the old Facebook? Update: everyone should just delete their Facebook cause all their trying to do is push us away I think we should listen.
Fawkn awesome
I updated the app and now it won't load, gets worse and worse with every update, this is ridiculous FIX IT or I'll have uninstall it. And use it on chrome!!! If you fix it I'll update my review to 5 stars
Facebook is sofast
Lucky
Erica cothon
How much of a virus does Facebook have to become before people finally get fed up with it? And it can't even be uninstalled on an android phone. Sounds more like a virus than an app!
Need some Tweaks !

Keita natenin
Exellent
I love it :)
This is a great app
Eats up my data plan!
Found my family after 17 years
Way better now
Courtney morales
Really interesting and its nice to see old friends as well as new
May i make a suggestion, if you can add an "add files" to message,  so if im on the go and use facebook with my phone and need to send a music file from my phone i can with the message,  like on a pc when you open chat you can "add files" , it would be real nice to have that add files option on message settings. Thank you for your time.
On my news feed let me see all my friends stuff they post not what you think I want to see cuz u r always wrong. I open fb up expecting to see new stuff but I see post from 2 days ago WTF I want to see what's happening now. Yes I know I can go to recent feed, but why can't it just show on main feed like Google+. It shows everything on main feed u have to go to another place to make sure you didn't miss anything. And it always takes me to the top when new feeds come in even if I am reading an article=sucks.
App
Best....
Some times very slow .
Nothing loads anymore
News feed and photos take forever to load! and wtf is with me HAVING to download the messenger app or else I can't talk to anyone!!!
Fragrances
Good
Waste face book is fake book
Everything iz good only the thing is missing in it is "NIGHT MOOD" for night... it helps in battery saving and many other reasons... thank u.
Thanks for facebook agar is duniya me facebook nahi hota to kya hota
Gre8
Its too slow.....
Should be able to choose "most recent" in the news feed, not only "top stories"... Why change it in the first place? Bring that feature back...
Yo
Best apppppppppppppppppp
Good one
Super
Jay baba ri
Malavika
Exelent
Not good working in my galaxy star
Every time I click on the app it acts like its coming on but goes back to my phones home screen. Very frustrating.
I love n like this timepaas facebook apps...
Very nice
Amazing
Why cannot let younger ones to have acciunt??it is so unfair..stupid facebook.
Loved it
Love this APP. They Fixed The Bug,z..
Naise
It's still missing a few features but I like it!
Please fix, when click on (comment notification), I didn't see that comment directly, i need to searching for it every time! Thanks))
GoooooooooooooooD
Why don't you show only sponsored links instead of my news feed? Advertise after every 5-10 need feed. I know you are giving tough competition to Google but it's too obstructive.
pages
Good
Swatantra  tripathi
Nice
Your app sucks. Yall had it right the first time a ling time ago. It constantly freezes and kicks me out. I hate the news feeds. It needs to be how it used to be. Horrible app.
Not bad but you should must give the video downloader also in this app ...
Been working great so far
Updated version is poor very poor actually have no word,
It tells me my password is wrong but its correct
Nice
Very nice
Can't use old messenger why I don't want or will add new messenger. Isn't this a freedom I can chose. Why push us to add with all limitations you (Facebook) want from us.
Nice
Good and fast
It's ok
Fine
;
No copy option for text
Good app
Good
Always buggy always will be
For some reason this app will just randomly close.  It is very frustrating.   I've emailed the facebook helpdesk about this glitch, but no changes yet.  Very disappointed.
Cool
Ijj
Very slow app in running and this apps downloading and updating is very bad and slow hanging very much  Make a new app or a new version Thanks
Prasath
Samsung galaxy s2
After latest update, app started to hang and slows down my phone.
Whenever i open fb its getting hang n come out.. i couldnt use it pls fix it soon
Cant download easy
Goes worse day after day!pfff
Its good
Videos upload nahi hota
Love it
There shud b a night mode shud b there in the app
Suka hati
Waw i like this app
Hatts Off
Inian gails
Nitu Singh
T
Ok
Love the new app
Facebook
I hate how my newsfeed is all jumbled. I see posts from days ago in top, new posts mixed in with old ones. I want them back in order from newest to oldest!
Cool
Man
Welcome
Mk
It says I don't have space but I do. And I can download other apps..
Not many improvements....but still better
Why fb update it daily? & updates are not useful. Copy, pic comments are not included now. So my question is what u update? & why u update ??!!,,
Too slow!!!!!
Ever since the update it freezes up on me all the time.
Better.not best
It makes my life interesting.
Sometimes crash and force exit.. Please fix it.. Anyway im giving 5 stars for this..
It requires too many creepy permissions. Removing now.
Us to much data
Its just okay not a high program but ok app
My main complaint is it use entirely too much space. What's up with that? When are you guys gonna use less space? Hello!  That's a question.
Cool
Vry nce...
Very nature to browse
Fantastic  app
Friends
Good
Nice app
When im in a mesege the people chat me it wil out on fb
Go Nawaz Go
beautiful.....
My favorite place to be!
Scribe
Feim
It just slow down my sweet little phone .. didn't like it ..
Kawabonga
Constant force closing
After the update my videos no longer working correct. They play like a broken record. Fix fix fix!!!
Really good & very beautifull
poor
I can't set the newsfeed to recent posts.
Worked okay for a few hours. Videos no longer play, can't turn off notifications for posts. Xperia Z2
Good.enjoy
It is easy to use
Mal hecha la aplicacion qla
I love Facebook #facebookahocle
Shut out randomly.
Loved it!!
Not fast very slowly
Ok
v nice
Very bad
I love my Facebook
Nice one
Takes up ridiculous amounts of memory, have to clear cache daily.
Nice job
It aaight
It is very good
Keep downloading this app. To ur phone
I love it..
I can't see recent news feeds like the going through the Internet. Everything is out of order and I hate it. Please fix...
Pero lo as¨¦ lento.Agan algo
Why its sucking my whole memory pls rectify that
I really love this app. It's fast and you've don't have to wait for so long.. This app never lets me down :)
I can't upload photos which i need paticularly there are thousands of photos in my phone and this app showing all photos in grid view or in listed so I am just scrolling and searching a single picture for nearly 15 minutes my question is can these app creators can change it in to folder view please thankyou
A nice app to get attached with ur loved ones

Okay
Good
Crash the whole time
Basically wants access to everything your phone can do. Then a messanger app for more? No.
Quite good
Facebook always freezes when I look at pic  why???
Jay
Find
After 3 auto updates, the news feed does not update! Always error. Fix please :( (Motorola RAZR). 20/09/14. Won't load up anymore, please fix :(
Very nice
Awesome
Need to log out for more than one time to log out from our account
But the video auto play thing is very annoying.
All these updates do is take away formats that you like ,  and can no longer find or do .  I DON'T LIKE THE UPDATES THAT THEY ARE COMING UP WITH . they need to come up with improvements without removing things . !!!
I loved it
I can't copy anythg
Nice
K
Taking long to log out When want to share any picture or video it showing all pictures & videos in a row So it take time to find my image which I have to share or send by messenger & it's very difficult to find that particular image/video from thousands So make it folder view, it will show folder by folder & help us to select easily that particular video or image
Not working
Comments field are very good.
After updating candy crush Im not hooked up with Facebook no game friends or specials also it won't hookup with Facebook when asked
Bhakuwal
I cant even open Facebook.
Notifications don't work well, doesn't show that I have comment for like a day
Nice
Nice
Soo gud app
Lol
Not showing when writing my status pls fix it and when my friends add emoji to there're status I can't see it but when I use the operamini I see it pls fix
Since update it won't even open the page. Now i can't get on Facebook at all it won't even open.  It sucks . Stop keep adding every new idea that pops up in your head.
Thanks
Galaxy s3
Login problems.
Great till last update keeps saying setting up Facebook and stops
Nice..
Good but not better
Tp tpn sy slalu jd heng stiap kali on fb
Its just like a postal services
good app
I hate it, but since I can't find a decent alternative, I m stuck with it.
App is slow because it is too busy spying on the user.
Making me download messenger is one thing.... but invading my rights with going into all my personal info is quite another.... it was better when it was just regular Facebook.
But  only one fault lies that is no paste and coping facilities which requires immediate installation.
Crashes frequently
Tnx all my friends!!
It won't let me down load it
It s social networking we find friends who was classmate
Best in world
Its great, thats it.!
Exelent
Won't connect to mapmyride
Facebook
Omg im not updaten any more apps it dont work still i cant look at any videos witout it freezing up smh plzzzze fix
Don't like that I am forced to download messenger after a few days in order to view or respond to messages.
Please update facebook
Come to a point now that I hate Facebook. Won't give us a choice over which messanger we can use. Have to use the S**T app that never works even when my WiFi is on. New update is crap, when I use an old pic in my gallery for my profile it adds it again to the gallery! Why ? If you do not know how to make things better , please leave them alone. You will see many people feel the same way but why would you listen & give the users what they want?????????????????????
New feed default please most recent feed
Still it taking too much time to upload and play videos on 2g.
Good
:D
:)
When one of my friends posts on a discussion or long thread it shows they posted but you have to go through all the comments to find it.
Getting more and ridiculous.
N
wow
just fun
Nothing to say...........
What d fish man not at all expected this type of work from Facebook and 1stly was good nd fine I liked d app but since last 5 updates there is no change at all same swipe here and there this feature was already added 4 months ago but whats new there nothing new in this so pls Facebook try and main othet thing is the space it allots so much space of 90 mb somewhat do something not to cover so much space in this app make it better faster and easier so that il give 5 stars  thanks
K
This is shite
Suka
takes up all memory and is so slow xx
The instabilities in this app over the past year has caused many of my friends to remove it completely. Face book needs to simply pull the app and ask the guys at Google to help out. Social media network is one thing, designing a application is a different story.
Great app. ...
It keeps me in touch with my friends and loved ones that are far away
After the last 2 updates fb keeps bumping me off. So fix it because now it sucks!
Good
Please stop your automatic updates... Every now and then my facebook app updates automatically   Curse this bullshit update... I didn't click that update button yet it updated by itself now i can't use facebook on my phone i knew this would happen that's why i'm not updating facebook...bring back facebook version 1.1 or 1.2 thats way more faster and better than the present and latest facebook
Facebook
Excellent
-24 error? What happened to facebook?
Consumes data if not updated and no video calling as in computer version
No
Best
Going good but when scrolled down so much fees suddenly it returns to new without any input
Mama
Loved it!!
my fb not so good ...its badly error
Abc
BECAUSE YOU INFRINGE ON THE 1ST AMENDMENT!!!!
If anyone wants about 200 MB of free space in App storage, just uninstall it...... Application is Huge
It's good but theres a news feeds and when im opening this apps its loading so long ! please update this :)
thank u FB...
This app is not supporting to evry android mobile...
It just closes when I try to open it.
This app Sucks cuz my videos wont play...
After latest update I cant log in any more. Stuck on "setting up facebook".
Snehalata sahoo
Not opening faat and some timeshows error in news feed.
Time Pass
Its getting better
Facebook
Good
I like it
Can't remember what's it's like without Facebook
Love the app but my stupid phone auto corrects everything.
I need my Facebook back....?
, gopi
Vidw
The "recent" news feed is horrible. All I see are advertisements. Facebook has screwed everything up. Go back to how it was a year ago. It's time to switch to a REAL social app.
This is a excellent application
Its a good app for shortcut ti fb lovin it
It's very heavy app. Heaviest application (Not Game) I've seen on Google play. With every update it becomes heavier than before.
Kaushal shukla
Months on, many updates on and still newsfeed doesn't show recent statuses...what a joke...
Its work very good any time
It is good app
Superb .....
Ok
123
Very useful apps
DIL DIL jan mare jan
GREAT
I cant see the pictires. Fix news feed suck ...still sucks really bad
Always enjoy updates that make the experience smooth running but always room for improvement
Very good
did is crazy update, too poor Nd slow, no latest news feed
Can't Facebook create a spam button so that you can like everything at ones my sister is crazy about spamming so help her out and I'll rate Facebook 5 star
Tooooo........ good
A
This app is good enough
Nice ....
Love this app loads
I think that Facebook is becoming better & better
really helping
Nice
Tacho
R
Good
Free time ka funda
Sri lanka
Good
Awesome
Videos not loading properly. It suddenly stops and doesn't continue playing. Ill give 5 stars if fixed.
Bad version
Run fast and I h
I love FB! :)
vvgud
Cool
Spread love
God is great
Fb
Really dramatically drain my battery, after update
Nice
Nice
My battery does not last as long as before I updated. Newsfeed all jumbled up not as before. G+ way to go!
Nest app 10-10
Facebook is no longer convenient for the user.
Usrfull
FB, needs to delete my old page someone is using...poor services
Goog
so amazing
When it dont work arrange your date
Lovly
Lelo
Grzt
Nice
too slow
Memory usage is too more nearly 115mb
Awasome
Fet8
Liked it
So bad
Very incredible app. The most visited social site in the world.. I love this app so much..
Whatsapp facebook the best wishes
Too slow & uses more data than expected
Love it!
I love Facebook
A lot of trouble loading feed
Has no lag now:).
Why i cant get the new update like my friends???
Cool
Bakit ayaw
After the latest update it's trash. Not working anymore
It's Facebook. We will always complain. What I don't understand is, I have all these friends and why don't I see ALL updates? I find it monotonous to click 'follow' on all my friends. Is that why we are friends, so I can follow them?... Galaxy S4
Very slow
Nice
facebook is only one best social sites
why am i now seeing so manh of my friends comments on people i dont knows post which are only 15mins old.. this is so wrong.. change it so no one can u see u post unless its a page. DISGUSTING WHAT YOU HAVE DONE.
I can't set how I see my news feed, and I'm tired of top stories. I have no interest in that format. It's also not functioning properly - posts aren't loading, my news feed seems to be refreshing itself as I scroll, and I keep getting empty notifications.
Love it ^_^
Good
Good
I uv
Full of musti.
Yes
It's so smart n simple to use
Nice app
I would give it 5 Stars if I could change colors, personalize, and design  my facebook!  Just so it would suit my personality, other than that it's great.
I cannot install the app! I am very disappointed!!!!!!! I updated my phone and now it won't let me get it back!
Facebook
ga bisa di update
I don't just like it, I love it.
The app is noticeably faster now, no longer a pain to use...        Update: Forced to use another app for messages, don't like it
Open for everythings..
Aprub
I loved it
Niceeee
Friend so Best
Its tooo goood urs manojsusi
Drains my battery life & connection to watch videos or view pictures is very slow....please fix
Wonderfull
Like

Not able to watch videos that appear on the News Feed.
App.going good...
Since i updated to the latest version, i can use it properly. It lags so much
Used to be able to open facebook content, linked to other apps. Not anymore. Very bad
still to big...
Best application on app store
alva
To much suggested posts...
Its so slow
Love it
It is absolutely shocking that facebook forces their users to install two of their apps to communicate with friends now. Thinking about uninstalling this once since facebook starts to consist only in form of videos anyway.
Why does FB take my news feed to the top without me refreshing? If I wanted to see what's new I would do it myself. And why does FB close spontaneously close for no reason? Why can't I see the most recent posts? Why do I see stuff posted days ago? Getting kinda annoying
Good
Nice
good
Great
I hate this type of softwares
Nice
WHY do I need to install another Messenger app??
Error and always restart after update
It come slow after some time
The best
After the most recent update, it was fine until the last few hours when it began freezing up and eating my battery. Not worth it if this is going to be a continual problem with this sort of app. There is also the problem of having to access my phones menu just so I can use the back button 7 times until an image or post closes.
Pop
Needs Upgradation In Every Week.. Please fix it
This app cannot be installed in my phone, it' just say "error not  suitable to your phone",Can you fix it? My phone is XPERIA E1
Wow! The last update has made it impossible to open anything. Now takes me to some stupid song lyrics. I see a lot of complaints, but no replies by Facebook  Classless. Switching to Google.
OMG
Not working properly and saying to Uninstall and Install again. :-p
Very slow while loading ever time i want to use face book but i thing irritades  a lot that is accuracy ,realibility .
Very awesome
Very useful for news
Won't play any videos!!!
Since updating my Sony experia phone I can't get facebook anymore keeps saying incompatible device sooooo angry
I highly dislike the fact that you made me download messenger just to see messages. Serioisly wanting to delete all social media and get a life.
Gud
They should make a lite version
Very user friendly.
Kailash
Hebat...
After the update the app opens and closes by itself please fix this problem for a higher rating.
Kirakkkk
Awesome app
Not so much cast but good
Facebook won't even open, it just says "starting up".
It really sucks after the update. Can't log in
Ok
Good
Me gus5
After the new update it has gone real slow .... fix it plzzzz
Its  good but its hunging sometimes .
After update i can`t  log in and error loading new feed
(Y)
Great app..
Awesome
Good
No one is satisfied with this new app.....f*** u.
very good app
It is the best
I cant access directly it shown loading connection so how was it...you must fjnd a solution for this
its realy nice
Can't grumble does what it says on the tin.
With all the new updates,  the app keeps freezing or just randomly shutting down. . Not good
very like
Great
This looks like crap on my note 10.1
After the most recent update the app is super glitchy. It freezes all the time randomly then force closes. Lame! Plus my time line is constantly messing up. Not showing things it should be or showing stuff twice in a row. Fix it
Nice
Must be nice apps full easy handle it
Phone low on space cant seem to move certain things to sd card
Facebook
Good
Wonderful app daily user of fb.
Maja aa gaya
Easy to use & can get latest news & info from everywhere..
Nice :-)
Loved it
Need alot of memory
Okay
Very fluid..
Update not right. Need to get better update program.my Facebook video not working and haven't worked in months i keep asking for help and i get no response please fix can you please fix
Facebook
Its is very easy to do
I liked it....  Faster than browsing in Uc browser.
Brilliant
Its ok. new version has issues , but I still use FB everyday. Hope they get the bugs worked out of this version
Make most recent a default feed. This is a smartphone app. It means I'm frequently looking at the feed and I want to see recent posts, not things I've scrolled past 4 times today already.
Loy
Not gud
I love this app
but 8ts loggng  cn u fx 8
MUKWEVHO
I like it all apps
Gud app
Wooooooooooooooow
Needs a good update! Uploading blur pics.
R66677!
Critical feature removed. No longer has messaging. No benefit to the user for this change. Jumping ship on this social platform as soon as another company capitalizes on your mistake. Microsoft did this same type of imposing behavior with Windows 8 and look how popular that was...
I love this application
For
Keren
Go Nawaz Go
Good
Enjoyed
As good as it is
Nice
Like this android version...
Yea It's okay
:)
Please look it too.....
Wow. This is high tech.lol.just try it.
Keep it onn
Every since the update I can't keep it open! It shuts down constantly! I try to post a comment and it closes, I try to look at a picture and it closes, it randomly closes! Facebook is a big piece of sh@$!!!! When it gets fixed, I'll fix my rating.
Good
Okeyy
Develop downloading option for some hand sets
Its good
Good
Slow as snail while loading news feeds
No hate but love it
just need one m0re thing that i cant send any file through inbox , things like compressed rar file or txt file i dont have option to select and send them to someone please fix it i swer ill give  5 start sir :) (y)
thank u
Average
Gooood
I cant download this up in my phone so Sad !!!
Slow
I love this app for so many reasons!!!
Ever since I updated the app it freezes and kicks me out.
Good
Seruu
the app is too slow and heavy to smartphones
Why can I not send emoticons when replying/commenting on a status??????? FIX THIS!!!!!!.....
Separate app for messanger sucks otherwise ok
Pls fix Connection problem
Love
Videos constantly crash, buffer, don't load etc. Fix it! Also news feed shows things from days ago and is never relevant to what's going on now.
Things are changing and not for the better
Like it
Ugly app.  I will not recommend this app.
Why does it do that. It takes 4 seconds at every video.  It just makes me mad an I just really get an not bother with it.  IT SUCKS
Good
Ok
Nyc App
Samsung galaxy tab 3 , since andriod update facebook keeps crashing !
Ope developers will carry on good job they'ave started.
Muy buenaa!!! Megusto mucho"""
Runs ok but the videos still don't play properly, cutting off halfway through. Please solve this, it happens on most of my family's phones and they are all different.
Every time there is an update, but i don't see what's new. And the news feed elis messed up. I choose to see recent posts but i still see it mixed with old posts. Very bad! Fix it and fast!
Excellent
The update doesn't keep my feed up to date. If I wanted to see something from two weeks ago, I'd go to my friends page that I saw it on. Its slow even with 4G, you guys update it almost every week and nothing changes but the amount of storage it takes up on my phone. Bring back the older versions where you guys got popular
A must have application
hahxudd
Wow
Good for now" hope to last.
Awesome
Am sick of up dateing it and still not having it function properly
CONFIRM
Prashant
woefully
Nice
Loads of data on internal storage . Why can not move to SD card . Fix it . Necessary app ; do not want to uninstall.
Wonderful I like it
excellent
Cool
I like it
viruchauhan268@gmail.coom
gas really changed
Nice
Good
Javed.kureshi
Exelent
This is Very good site .
The app is super slow and always closes out!!
1. I can't even watch a video b'cuz it tells that there's an error.  2. i can't share my IG photos, when tapping fb it automatically close 3. When viewing my friend's profile and tapping "friends" it closes automatically also   Fix and i will fix my rate. Tnx
i hate ths app. thakar
Never works. Always crashes. Absolute crap.
I love this app other then when it updates I don't like having everyone's picture added to my gallery that's just stupid.
Really bad update, videos not working and it uses all my battery
Keeps crashing says it can't load feed even though I have WiFi then just crashes.
Recently FB is so data consuming, waste my data only.
When would be the app compatible with Android wear
face boooook is goooood
Samsung Galaxy Exhibit 4G
Won't let me install says error-24
Excellent
Ssss
Good
Why is different between this application and in browser web sit (it was very bad and worse application )
I hate facebook dev so stupid now my facebook isnot working fast on wifi its so slow i will uninstall that sht
I hate the new messenger app
Hello...
Where is it located? I don't like using the top stories. Hopefully there will be a button where I can choose what news feed I want...
Cant send massages unless you use the ridiculous messenger app that has horrendous permissions!!!!!
I got aloft of memorize on Facebook without Facebook I wouldn't ever talk to my friends again

It more be great if i can select pictures from my album,
I couldn't see my post, in public post. And why all posts from my friend weren't show, just some of them. After a few days I can see all of them, and all is to late. Please fix.
It's cool labs a little.but cool!
Crap crap crap!!!!!  Not getting notifications on my tablet as i did before!!!!  Sort it out!!
Improving, what happened to events linking to phone calendar?
9/17/14 I have been trying to update my Facebook app to its latest but it keeps giving me an error message!!! What's going on?! And everything is soo slow! I can't even connect to the messenger
Great
GET RID OF THE MESSENGER APP!!!!!!! ITS TO MUCH OF A HASTLE AND YOU HAVE TO MANY LIBERTIES WHEN WE DOWNLOAD IT.
Facebook is great
Name
Facebook is a new thing to me in last 3 1/2 YRS. But this app is great communication .SOMTHING we could only dream of 10yrs ago.
Cool
it so very logg hated it i dont like this app it so very logging....:(
You would think on how big Facebook is they could make an application that's somewhat quick. I don't get why it's 14mb either.
Awesome
Downloaded 29mb but the data grows to 170. -________-
Love it its amazing u guys should download it
Great app , just hate that it gets into my personal information and stuff
I'm not going to download two apps for one user experience. I'll still use Facebook as it is the most common social Media app but I'll no longer use your chat functions. Google Hangouts will be my go to chat app from here on out. Facebook is slowly moving itself into MySpace territory.
Though friends and family are far apart facebook keeps them close to my heart.
Alsome ,cool,fun
K. J. Russell
Would love to see the new Mobile Facebook site as the framework for the app. Push notifications are almost right...
So so cool
Looking
New update sucks. I don't want to see stuff from weeks ago, I want to see stuff from today. Whoever keeps making these 'improvements' should have been fired years ago, each 'improvement' has been worse. Bring back the messaging feature
For the update was so cool
Don't need to download another app just to access my messages. I have a backlog of messages just because I won't download this messenger app
nice
Bikin kacau ...
Can't login.
improving over the time.
Excelente
Why fix it if it's not broken you should have left it alone in the first place maybe tweak it a little bit that's it now you're screwing it up for everybody get it right Facebook staff
The one & only
NJ
I love it first time seen
I'm very satisfied with this app , it makes me connected easily with the latest news
Good apps
Video is not streaming well from last two updates.. If u think that is my connection problum than am sorry to say all the videos at dailymotion,youtube working fine
Facebook just stopped working now and doesn't want to install anymore please help
**** if there was a user pref to set "most recent" as the default timeline view. EDIT: getting worse! Now without messaging ability!
Something happening
If it didn't need access to everything on my phone it would get a 5 star
Love it
TERRIBLE !!, right after the update;  everything is Super Slow!  Pictures & comments on posts don't load barely at all after you click on "comments".  Fix this Fast!  THIS SUCKS!!!
Official facebook app is enough for daily use,though it should work more smoothly.
Facebook messenger is so cumberson. I can't access without downloading the apps..lol
i like it
Nice relax 4 tension
Simple use this app
it says faster open facebook but it really slower than if i opened fb from my browser...... ITS EATS MY RAM TOO MUCH... AND CAUSE LAG LAG N LAGGING
Updates has been good so far
Cant even open the damned app.
Save time and don't bother it eats data shares your details with everyone and is a waste of time I have a top end phone and it still won't open
So lame that the app always defaults to Top Stories instead of 99.9% of what users want, Most Recent.  If they can't get the app to remember a preference like a browser does, it simply shows a forced UI.
After updating my news feed is no more the same. What is the point if I cannot see recent posts. I also do not understand why I am forced to download messager.  Honestly, I only gave that star because I wanted to make these comments. FB does not even deserve a single star. Crap app. I will be unistalling if this continues.
Facebook
New update not connecting to game candy crush saga. Kindly solve the issue
Freezes up about a dozen times or more a day & force closes, it does not give the option for most recent news feed at the top instead you have to change it yourself. (Not too much of a big deal but, it'd be nice if my settings would stay the same instead of shifting back over to top news feed everytime i left the app.) The app has the appearance of an option to check your messeges, only to find out that a seperate app. Must be downloaded in order to messege, not much thought put into this app. Update!!!!
Still waiting on text message to activat
Why has the update taken me back to an older version?
Good
It won't install on my phone again
How the hell does this app have 4.0 as ratings??? It's not reliable
Too slow to do any downloading,even Facebook
very laggy not for old devices and also not for EDGE network... Its far better to run FB on opera or uc browser....
Facebook
Not working at all
New update is so slow
Stop Updating& Take Some Memo Out
Why doesn't Facebook just open with most recent?  Very annoying. Everyone who states the same can't be wrong.
Very Good
This sucks updating every second day nd making it eve worse thanks to u guys im quiting facebook
Not into letting this app do whatever it wants with my phone
OK
Uuuhmmm...
Getting better...
This is too much, now i can't download my own photos from my albums, why is this happening,
hay
I don't want a standalone app for messages.   The standard app is bloated enough.  I just won't be using messages anymore.
I should be able to choose if the feed is most recent or top stories. We used to be able to do that. Why'd you take it away?
After update cant open it
Love u so much admin
Since the latest update, it won't fully load anything. I have been using FB through the browser on my phone instead of the app. Hope it gets worked out soon...
confirmation
This Is Coo
Good over all
It lags alot ! On my Galaxy pocket duos
I don't like that we have to download the messenger app to view our messages.
Gkod
Very laggy interface under ICS (Nexus S)
why official facebook android application is not available outside th US?
Now you take way messaging?  I already found a way around it but it's inconvenient and the messenger app is a waste of space.  This whole app is becoming quite useless.   And I don't want top stories.  I want most recent and I don't want to go to the side bar to hit the [most recent] button every time I open the app. I want it to be automatic,  like before.  You are getting too greedy and will regret it later when you are pushed to the back burner just like MySpace because something better WILL come along.
Laged
Cant update. Says error.
Virtually,  Facebook made this world very small.
Its goooooood goooooood
Its fantastic
COOL STUFF THAT IS THE BOMBING
Way better then messenger app. Please kill the messenger app
You took a good app and screwed it up royally. Read a posted article in Most Recent? Go back and you're in Top Stories again. Heck, check notifications from Most Recent and go back to . . .   yep, Top Stories again. Collect something from a FB game. . .back to Top Stories. And if you do some of these things in T.S., it goes back to the top, not where you clicked/touched. Not happy with FB at all these days
Stop changing it
Really annoying that there's a new update every other day that never fixes anything.
It seems smagly down my phon afterupdated few hours nw so it's time to swept out in my phn this app
Its ok
To many permissions that makes you feel uncomfortable about your security. Lack of private messenger is no help.
Get rid of messenger. -.-

Den klikka jo heile telefonen min... hater den siste oppdateringen te S3
Lady Dee
When it takes you back to the home screen everytime you click on your own photos, it makes me want to throw my phone out the window
My notifications wouldn't come through today. Facebook updated and I still ain't getting my notifications.
This tab design really sucks. Bring back the old one!
Doesn't matter what kind of smartphone you got,Facebook it's sucks on it..worst day by day..gonna rate it one star till I'm gonna experience good changes...
Nice
I can't log in
Posts are appearing in random order. The order bears no relation whatsoever to post date/time, number of shares, number of likes, nothing. There appear to be no options available to change this behaviour. In its present form the app is virtually unusable. At least the browser version shows posts in the correct order and still has the chat feature.
Family members
Very laggy and the scrolling needs to be alot smoother
Nice!
Hahaha
Good morning
The videos in the app are not playing rather it shuts down app when played video......plz fix it asap
Ok
It just keeps on getting better
Fix the new update
nice
It takes all of my memory
This app is no good anymore!! It sucks! Fix all the dam errors !
SLOW AND NEWS FEED DOESNT LOAD
Please fix the notification problem, its frustrating not receiving them
for some reason i can't log in with the app, with my phone.
Please fix
It's better on ios and I want see most resent first
I don't like it. It always update almost every day. Stupid idea. Runs my phone memory out. Stuck on the same feed after the last update. Hate it much :(
<3
Facebook I love it
Need better video player 
Nice
I like it
idk what happened but now I can't open this app at all.  im re installed 13 times
I luv it
Just gets slower and slower, buttons don't respond, likes vanish. And beware! Every update switches video auto-play back on and that's a problem if you don't have unlimited data!
It's good
Can't log in after update
Me
is good
Why can't the app accept my decision to not download messenger?
Biggest single app on my phone at 90mb... is what I said two years ago. now it's an outrageous 150mb. Three times the size of the next biggest app, Firefox. Uninstall.
Excellent way to interact socially
Make the app movable to the external memory
App freezes.  Auto shuts down.  Start fixing the problems instead if making it look good!!
Like facebook
After the latest update my news feed is not showing it's giving some error. News feed not even showing at my desktop also. Please help!!
Good
Facebook
Hope you fix this it keeps crashing all the time I did give this app ¡ï¡ï¡ï¡ï¡ï. Not any more I have dropped it to ¡ï. Fix these issues and I might change the star rating! Not at all happy!
Very good
Awesome
all
Love it
Since the last 2 updates I have had constant issues with the app using up all my storage space and data. I have problems logging in and also keep getting a error message and the app just suddenly closes. Fix the issues an I will improve the rating until then Facebook officially sucks!!!
Really like it
Absolutely rubbish. I can't view videos, pictures won't load half the time. Statuses only upload half the time. I prefer to use the Web app as its stable and works!
Is there a reply button to make it easier to talk to people in large threads yet? Or mentioning people in a comment who aren't your friends in large threads working now? Don't see it.... Keep trying.
This fb app isn't even worth having anymore all the problems I have. News feed error all day almost everyday. Can't watch the videos on my news feed when it actually works. I update it n whats the point!
Im not updating till I see some good reviews waiting for update fix
I  Love this app
Videos being the main issue, plays 3 seconds then stops!
I was so annoyed with the need to have to log on to the computer. Now I just unlock my tablet and I instantly find out the latest news my friends have to share.                          :-)
The app won't get passed the loading screen
Videos not opening when I done update
Ij
Se cierra a cada rato!!!
Freezes n give option to force close
Installed,  uninstalled, logged oit, logged back in, cleared cache, still doesn't work. Reported, nothing in return. Forums on Facebook say others having same problem, Facebook AWOL on issue
When we press any video.its not getting opened.i am fed up.
The more you update it, the more we hate it, that's without the messenger silliness.
819107
It seems like the updates always do the opposite of what I would like.
Can't like anything... please fix it!
I don't know if this is because of a recent update but my facebook app on my samsung galaxy tab 3 isn't working right everytime I go through my news feed and click on a picture or to go to somebody's page it just kicks me out of the app altogether please fix soon I've tried uninstalling and reinstalling the app and nothing seems to work

I love it
Kitkat on galaxy tab 3
None
I using it its ok
After the recent update, it goes slow.
This is great for catching up with people you've lost touch with and updating family that may not live close.
I now can't message anyone and that's with having the messager app. Fix this please
Keeps running slow. Needs to be faster when downloading.
August 2014: Can't install. Tried to install it over ten times. Unknown error code during application installation.  Error code = "- 24". Please help! I've tried everything I've read on the Internet but it will not install. The reason I uninstalled it was because it kept shutting off every 10 seconds. Very disappointed...
It dont load right
After the new update when am scrolling through news feed , it freezes and the whole app crashes ...
Good
perfect
I seriously don't know what in the world you people are doing but now my newsfeed won't load!!! I need facebook to work! I use it to get updates for school and my kids band dates and I can't even check that because it won't work!!!! If it were not for the fact that my childrens school uses this stupid site for EVERYTHING I would deactivate my account and delete the whole thing!!!!
An excellent app so far
Can't view news feed, asks me to log in..
After the recent update my news feed hasn't been loading new posts all I see is the old posts from weeks ago this needs to be fixed.
Love it.
I can not c the videos ugh this sucks
Facebook
The last two updates are horrible, any time i try to view a video or share an item , it stops and goes back to OPEN without completing the action, needs fixing.  Samsung Galaxy Tab 3. 10.1
Only if it was quicker
App slow with loading post latest update
Since last update I can't play any videos, they all come up with an error! Not good..
Good
App is no longer convenient now that messenger is separate. Plus, this app I notice it uses a lot of battery power. Even when I use a task killer to save power, it comes back on. App should stay off officially when we dont want it. Updating review to 2 stars cause this app is starting to take too much space.
If the app doesn't get fixed I might as well just use my browser, and if not, just deleting Facebook for good. Enough said.
News feed keeps showing me the same posts for days at a time & there is nowhere in my settings to change this to recent posts.
Forta
Love it
Easier social media
gets stuck at "Setting up Facebook" part, uninstalled
Face book
Dont like the fact that Facebook is forcing people to download the messenger app to look at your messages. Its an invasion of privacy. Why the hell do you need access to my camera, phonebook, AND text messages. Look at the permissions its asking for when you download messenger.
Drop the data rape you idiots.
I think u guys need to keep families close .
I love it works great it just takes alot of data unless you have a upgraded phone !!!!
I dont like the fact memory space is too big my phone takes forever to open and most time when i do takes forever to browse and why has messenger been seperated not cool
"Facebook is not responding" keeps popping up everytime I try to open it plzzzz fix it
| It's a good app but it would works slower than the old app & it shows the same posts over but it's worth it .
Still not fixed properly. Feeds don't load right. Can't set most recent as main feed. Its like Facebook don't care about Android.
Takes up way too much space
Please don't force us.  I don't like the application
Not sure if i like it been waiting for a week for down load
I can't see no ones pictures or any photos that are in the news feed!!!!!
Thanks for this
I'm facing a major lagging issue whenever i log out on FB...
Fakee
kali ini lebih ringan
045 559871
Perkins
Google play store
Love it on the Galaxy S3!
Always saying not responding. And hanging. What has happened to facebook??
Sweet Jesus, you guys at FB actually hate your users, don't you? Stop pushing top news. If I wanted to read about relevant stuff from a day ago, I'd... Well hell, I've already read about it. Yesterday. You've actively hidden "most recent" feeds. This is total nonsense. Facebook is increasingly intolerable with every update.  Stop it. You guys are terrible.
Takes ages, so slow, vids don't load. etc. etc.. It's got worse since January. News feed is always 3-4 days old.
I leki thik
Great
Nice
Fun
Best App
But with some problems
girl
The last update messed it up! Nth is working anymore..  Urgent fix is needed
Starting today this app does not work properly on my Samsung S4, constantly freezes.
Good...
After this latest update, I get older and older statuses on the news feed. I can't change it either. Change this immediately please
****
Awesome
Ey val
:D
Great way to keep in touch and re-connect with friends and loved ones.
Facebook
Bassplayer 1999
All good
Love the new version. Ready to navigate
Ok
Why you force us to have messenger??? Fix it guys
Just look at the stars and 1 billion downloads. Holy shite.
1. Add share button on the right corner of facebook pages and profiles 2. Add option to choose more advanced custom privacy of posts/photos 3. When clikcking replies navigation does not return to previous position. 4. Add "Search" option to the "Messages" section.
Bugs, Bugs everywhere.
Awesome
Mostly good but it annoys me you can't see who has a birthday today
THE WAY HOW TO GO TO THE TOP !
Its Facebook but it sucks
Itwasn't broken so why FIX IT?????
Osum
after updated no picture showed.... now i delete the app much better messenger suck
Getting better
Not as good as iPhone version. Has a few connection issues. Samsung Galaxy note2, 4.4.2
A "jump to top" option would be nice (after pressing the menu key) so you could scroll through your news feed and go back to the top when you are done...a move to SD card would be good too
Owsome
Mmmwaaha
It's 100z
Everytime this app is updated you make it worse and worse. This is literally just a video player... Now the app opens twice when you click on the widget. Unnecessary.
I can't even message my friends. Facebook is trying to force me to get their messenger app
Just loading and loading not show display page .remove upgrade
I hate it when I'm scrolling down the stories and it just updates all by itself taking me all the way back to the top
Gawe dugao asu
Still one star... Update useless needs to have most recent by default still... Aug 28, 2014  (even more issues) Sep. 17 "2 updates in one day"
you can see that someone had replied o your comment but you see it as a normal one and can't reply to it
Have to use the highly intrusive messanger app as mandatory is disgusting you nosy ******** think I will have to remove and use Facebook in my phones web browser instead, another monumental cock up by Facebook give yourself a pat on the back
Force closes all the time. freezes! Show post from days ago, only a few current post show. Fix this,  and don't force your messenger app on me to read my pm! Then it will be five stars!!! Thank you!!
Yeah, the Facebook app is horrible, I can't delete it off my phone.
Love facebook
Excellent
I just aint gonna update this. When they at the end force us to do so, Ill quit FB. Simple as that. G+ rapidly growing, good job FB ;) You just start working for them ;)
Ughhhhh...
Yep
Great spp
Stupid thing is happning while loading my cell slows down
Time line is all over the place since last update please fix got stuff that happens 5 mins next post happened 3 days before ,also dislike new layout ,if its not broke don't fix it
Everbest
This for forcing me to download Facebook messenger app just to see my messages on Facebook. I won't install it!
Too much updates all the time make this app annoying
Iam first time use fbook plise halp me
Every time theres upgrades I hope that my news feed will appear how it use to with everyone not just certain friends.
Its alright to use but its playing up
Shameem Naduvil Nalakath
Fantastic... ^_^
New update will not allow videos to be played.
How to photo's save in messengers
Hanging problem unable to use the app
Yyy
Besides all the updates  Face Book & similar sites  shoulden be allowed on the web in my opinion its just another way ur spouce can cheat on u at any time without leaven home  until they lie & find a reason to go out .To go F**k there ex's  yea i no FB cant make some do things like  cheatn but they sure do make it alot easer  im deleaton plz plp just think about it keep ur eyes open this may be happing to u now.
Naif
Hawre
Very very nice
Dear Facebook, let me use Facebook the way I want to. I do not like TOP STORIES, I prefer MOST RECENT. But you all have made it inconvenient to get most recent news feed.
Beautiful
Moseley love
Lot of bug and crashes!
Every time I update, it gets slower, and freezes constantly. Stop coming Out with updates...you apparently can't get it right.
Hate that if we want to message our own friends we are forced to download messenger. Hate the new facelift changes all the time too.
Connecting ppl
LOVIN'IT
Its improved
Working ok on my s4
couldn't play the video anymore & the GUI sux!
I update it an now i can't log in most times
Disappointed
Love talking and seeing the lives of my family I otherwise can't on the daily
good
so........nice.......i......lake
App want download and can't see friends profiles
Not able to sync contacts on Nexus 5
Nice
I use the app on my Dell Venue 7 tablet with Stock KitKat 4.4.2, It lags when reading posts down there, after like 2 or 3 minutes of browsing and It sometimes load new posts from above or continue normally, It does that too when posting something, On the Samsung Galaxy Mini 2 with Gingerbread 2.3.6, It's great but, The small sucks. And stop using free web hosting, Service stopping a lot is BAD :P
Amazing experience
Its eating most of my phone memory and sometimes the app is really slow
Privacy issues
Loved it
Why can't they just stick with a good thing instead of screwing up?
New app old app are all the same... Bad. I no longer use FB or Twitter apps on my phone.
Nothing new...EVER. Great for granmaw to watch kids grow up 500 miles away in the Home. Sucks otherwise... Have a fine day.
Samsung galaxy s3 for older versions
I can only get old post
Iluv my child
OlaTunde oladipupo
Verb
Plx increase TAGGING no.s......make it 100 people nt 50.... Plx include option to get notifications of pages
App
Works well mostly
Great
Brill
Good
Love
This is f****ng perfect
The app itself seems to now he pretty stable and no longer crashes, but why can't you choose to see most recent stories on the news feed?! All I get are old posts with lots of comments because they are allegedly "most popular", I don't see any new posts, making the app pointless.
Double posts on comments now and still cannot move the Gigantic app to SD. Also the huge ads are back. Latest update brings random force closes.
Suparb
U
Works like charm :-)
Meh
If very time u will ask for update .when I will update my timeline.
It's just awesome. Hope more updates to come!
Always updating but they never do sh*t fb will always get 1 star cause they don't allow 0 fix all the bugs quit updating with bs that doesn't do anything for me and take this stupid messenger crap and shove it
Pretty cool but the update is too short for my liking,pls do something about it.
I didn't think it this application a stupid Messenger App.... Should ever be the reason unfortunately it is why I uninstall the entire  Facebook app (1 star)
Great App
bit Slow
Even when I MANUALLY select "most recent" it jumps from about 45 minutes ago to over six hours ago...so where are the five plus hours going?  I often think they do this crap just to screw with everyone because they know they can. Whoever is in charge of the app development should be fired...in front of a squad, if you know what I mean.
It works very slowly......
Beautiful
Awesome...!
It's not working and doesn't open the page that you should sign in to facebook
Why is the latest release so wonky? I shouldn't have to clear my cache once a day to get the app to load correctly.
So fine
the latest update has made the application useless.
Facebook ix nt gettin download plx fix it asap
Yet again still can't see my most recent news
No notification appears at my notification bar..fix this.
On my tablet everytime i click on something it closes!!!
No problems like others have described, in fact, I'd rather use this app than signing in on my laptop!
Just using it for calling purposes.
I just wish it wouldn't show what my friends liked just there status n not an old status, current ones! N all the random ads r annoying
Very cool this app wanderfull
Being required to have a second app just for messages is annoying and dumb I'm deleting Facebook from my phone
Just installed new update.....app wont load AT ALL!
Nice
Always update.
Very
Great app
Like
Works well
Excellent
Honestly really annoying to use majority of the time. Very glitchy, laggy, barely refreshing news feed most of the time. Updates always seem to fix an issue but create another one which the next update fixes and then just repeats itself. Can't scroll up by pressing top bar, cumbersome to go back to new stories. Seems like development team is barely trying at this point
Its a very sucking thing to much headache...
Shite !!!
Facebook

Nice
I like it!
Today install and need update what's this
ANAMUl
I continue to put my email address up and my password. However....I. am. Not getting through.
Pappu111
Nice
Great
Love it
Finally! An update that works. Videos now play and newsreel loads, I can approve my group posts and it's not slow. Getting better, 4 stars because I haven't fully tested it. Xperia Z2
Nice
nice
Shsh
Excellent
Each update seems to come with more data usage and additional battery drain.    I see no improvement in the app...   Just disappointment!
This app is very invasive in what access it has to your personal information.   I don't have a choice. It's a take it or leave it choice. I'm getting fed up with facebook. I'm ready to jump ship to another social media site. I'd like to hit this liberal douchebag in his wallet.
I like it
Laggyyuyyy...frozen dont scroll
Need a shortcut to Gallery for uploading pics an videos.. if I got it then i will give 5 stars
I lke it
Excellent app
Memory issue to be solved first
Just amazing ! It is really really fast now.. And definitely the photos load much faster.. Excellent update !
I can't use this app on my lenovo s820
Awlaa
I can't share a status, a picture or a video with my friends through a message as the only share options available are to share through timelines or on a group. Also when someone gives me a link to a page or a post i can only open it with a browser but not with this app as its not on the "Complete action using" list.So i have two options either to open the link with the browser or to open this app and to find the post on its fb page.
Hey
Wtw happened!!! Why are you guys making the file size soooO big ?? Why is this stupid app crashing or just not opening at all!! Top developer my A**!! Man forget this mess of a headache I'm deleting this non sense
Nice N Supperb
Mast app bate
like this one
Stop Daily Updating
Best for regular users.
WHY must it ALWAYS run? If I close it... then FRICKING CLOSE. I don't need it running in the background ALL FRICKING DAY & NIGHT!!!
Horrible tired of it refreshing when I'm in the middle of reading something need to fix that always goes to the top of the page on its own
Sometimes I just can't get it to open
Boobies boobies boobies
News feed is never recent.  I'm seeing posts from two new three days ago!  Fix asap!
I love the widgets
Each post I can send friend request  that's not good I use my right hand I find I send request for peoble cuse I scroll my time line not cool remove it
Good social network
Will not load on my Android.
I think I have been my on problem! Not really understanding my device!
No problem
najeeb
After update my fone I am unable to install this application...
It crushes to much every time when open a new page.
Facebook
Incompatible update....
Please don't force us to download messenger I don't like it...it will make my tab hang.....Facebook enough for me I dont need more app...please please.....messenger very stupid I delete millions of times my Facebook because of this crazy messenger I can't open my inbox...please fix this......I don't like messenger OK...so stop forcing us to download!!!!!!!!!!
dasma
News feed talks about yesterday
I can't see pictures on my timeline
It is a very good and helpful application
So lovin this update!!! To view most recent newsfeed,go into more then scroll down to most recent...i love this app!!!
Sranje
Emie sumiguin
Stupid app
new version is useful
Works great on samsumg G4
Samsung Galaxy S5. Happy  whenever I am connected
Non of my new news feeds seem to update and cant accept any frend requests. ....
Very poor app
Good
Nice
Need to improve
Good app
Auto update fucked me up! Was supposed to be OFF!!! IF I CAN'T GET OLD VERSION "WILL BE DELETED !!!"
Application been force closing all the time since introduction of the new messenger. Happens about 15 times a day.  Very annoying!  Please sort it out Facebook!
Irfanikhwan
Too Good
Takes up yoo much storage 150 mb + -.- too much. Used to be only 20 mb... Keeps saying my phone storage is low, and causes my phone to slow down. S4
Ughhh
I love fb
Everytime i try to message someone using the facebook app it automatically closes.
Updates
Fix bugs.....  Lots of crashes
I loved this
v good app
Great
Vry gd!
saya hadapi msaalah petukaran kad sd dari 4GB ke 8 GB
Awesome
Awesome way to get old friends back
after the upgrade, facebook cannot upload pictures or anything.
#21
It is very easy to use and very capabel for that
Test
Nice software
Inder
Choudhary
satisfied  as long as i can message
Good
Unable to refresh news feed .  Cannot use this app to stay updated
Excellent
Update after sept update: crashes without error. Just goes back to desktop.  Unable yo launch.  Updated review: pretty fast and no real issues.  Old review -Slow and unresponsive. Loads like one out of every ten times. Use a browser instead.
Sucks!!!
Is so great!
Makes it nice
Walaupun sekarang banyak status galau-_- hahaha but its cool
Love it
My favorite Facebook is so good
Mohammad
Bakwaas
after update i don't receive inbox alert..fix this and i rate 4
This update is awful and completely ruins my mobile Facebook experience. I can not even open the app 3/4 times I try. Lag is flat out shameful from the auto start video "feature"...if I could write a review with ZERO stars I would. I used to check my FB multiple times a day via mobile, but since this update I don't even think about it because I know it's going to irritate me. F*ckin pathetic Facebook...fix it.
Very very much idiotic and boring
Facebook
After the recent update it does nothing but constantly force close or take 5 mins to open then be in the middle of going through the news feed and force closes. Ridiculous! Any way you can fix this soon?
I DON'T want to download messenger,  its just taking up memory from my phone. You all CAN'T force a download.  I don't use it so why should i download it. Besides i don't like that it controls my microphone and camera with out my permission and that's unconstitutional. PERIOD
Chala bagunnadi
is very good
Guzman
This app and its secondary app, Messenger is giving my phone a hell of a life! It's making my phone lag and i had to restart it a few times which now my phone has gone bonkers! Please fix this problem Facebook or I will not re-install your app again! Poor job you've done there Facebook...and for Messenger some of my contacts are gone and i dont kniw what hapoen to them but you better fix up the program cause i hate the latest update.
Birthday reminder should b here than i will give 5*
very slow
Goode
Right
Barely usable on Nexus S.
Bkwas
i love it
Not happy with Facebook freezing on me after updates ready 2 delete
Lved it
HAppY

I would give it a 5 star if it was like Myspace where we could customize our background. Add that and you'll definitely get a rooftop rate
I can't watch videos anymore on my fb bc of constant updating. I used to be able to watch them but not now. And unfortunately there's no way to uninstall all these ridiculous updates. Love facebook but hate all the issues involved with the app.
My Nodification suddenly stopped working and only starts bugging out.
Awesome
After update, error unable play video on my fb apps...please fix it..thanks :-)
Nice
Cerusthecondagsan
Ya
Facebook
Its fast and easy to use
Saraswat
More Convenient
It makes my phone slow and gets errors all the time
Looking better
I am very dissapointed in Facebook for forcing everyone to have to use another app for Messages. That other app requires permission for them to be able to access your phones camera, contacts, and other personal things.. I'm going to stick to using the Web Browser.
It is really.
nice but slow
Vry good app
Time pass
Good
It's easier using the mobile site than putting up with the annoying changes to the news feed.
Far better than previous version but still has flaws
Facebook is a really great social network. But PLEASE MAKE A TABLET APP!!!!
Nice app i just loved it
Waweru
Rags13
Good!!
Nice
I don't want to download messenger app. Plus fb app is very heavy on ram....
Good
This app always quits working. Worst upgrade yet!
good
no notifications
:v
Lalitha dewi
Hasnt changed..... dont knw y u keep updating it.
Arjay
Sinco estrellas
Very useful
Senthil
Good app
Fantastic
Too often not responding
Very nice
I Love fb
Pure junk, still runs at over 110mb, horribly slows down my phone. This has been going on for over 4 months....no wonder people have stopped using this overbloated, data sucking, memory hogging piece of crap.......
Besttt
Nice to promote business here they can easily to view
I dont like tht I have to download the messenger app just to see my msgs. Unnecessary.
I loved it
Pls.  Fix it,, then i'll give it 5 star..  I dont want to update it...  Stupiddddd!!
This app is awesome.
Demands messenger to read my messages.?
Fh
What do you think you are playing at facebook?! Constant crashing of app and causing phone to crash now. Has been doing similar for a couple of months. But can't use phone now! Shall be uninstalling asap!!!
Just started working right so 5 stars
Excellent
Data also requires around 100mb and it's not even possible to clear that, please improve on the storage area
min
Nice
The images on my timeline cant be open. (N)
World wide easy
Easy to use
After the recent update, it rarely ever works. Will be deleting.
I dont  want the app, let me see my mails.
It is super annoying that FB has forced people to get the messanger app or not be able to read messages on their smart device. I don't like that I can see the notification for a new message but not read the message without opening a completely new app. This is a terrible idea! Please fix it, and put it back to the way it was.
Used daily by everyone!
Handful
Very bad app. It keeps importing friends and it's very lag.
Working on a browser is much better and faster than using fb on this app. It makes fb really boring,try something to make work fast.
Good
Its awesome

Awesome Update
Mmg best cuba ko wat mesti korang suka
Superb
Best social sites. . To connect one each other
S b
Rico rico
Nice
Awesome
Varry Good
Like it
Hanging problems
Do not force me to download an app! I hate messenger! And its always forcing close. SUCKS.
Interesting
It loads slow and isn't recent and not upcoming events are recent at all
its good aplication
Nice
Liked it
Very slow, need to improve it
Force close EVERYTIME I am using it! Annoying!!!!!
I am feeling good
Really great!!!!
Opening fb through net is too irritating as it takes alot of time to load each pages. This one is good enough.
I won't be using this app anymore since I'll have to install the Messenger app just to read or reply to messages. Bye, Facebook.
It wont let me log in its fucked :(
Very smooth and fast
All APPS spy on there users.

I don't like
Very nice,its great.
Closes on its own...I want most recent always on newsfeed
Facebook
The fact I have to force stop up to 10 times a day is frustrating my notifications don't work it says I have none but my phones going off like crazy plz fix this problem or it looks like I'll be deleting fb soon !!! & the fact I HAD to install fb messenger is bull total invasion of privacy !!!!
Forcing me to use a separate at for instant messaging? Because of my refusal to use the Facebook messenger App.. My experience is bad. Can't reply to private messages or even see them.
Since recent updates its says loading story error. All the time
It sucks!
This app takes up entirely way too much space on my phone! Had to delete it and go to old version again! Also tried deleting all my other apps and that didn't fix it so until u resolve this problem im forced to not use this app so that i can use my phone!!! FIX IT!!!!!!!
Please stop pushing your messaging app. I have no interest in it.
Liked
A.I.D.S.
Fb
Good
When i open it takes several minute plz solve this problem
Greatest social network.
Fast and good interface.
It only shows news feed from yesterday. I hate it, but I spend less time on it now due to the issues
Ram ram g
Your app freezes my ph. Half the time i get booted off. The angrybirds tournament doesn't sign into fb and it keeps resetting when u try to log in.
Thanks
Was trying to force me to download the messenger which invades your phone. Couldnt even message anyone unless i downloaded it. Uninstalled.
But it takes up way to much of space on my phone
Hi, FB app is ok and accessible but lately I dont know if there's bug or something but suddenly it's closing while still using it. Also about FB messenger, pls dont force us to use it when we dont like to use it. Dont make it mandatory for all users to use that app.
i'm really hate this app..always ask a conformation code..every 1or 2 days...
Waste
I liked how it used to be when someone commented on a post after me, it showed a preview of their comment in my notification bar. Now it just says, "So and so commented on a photo."  "So and so commented on a post." Instead it used to say, " So and so commented on so and so's photo: nice hair!"..................               .........................         ..          Update - Now it closes in the middle of me scrolling through my news feed and when I open the app again I have to start all over scrolling
After a month of installing and uninstalling messenger, because it would crash when accessed, and then, each time it tried to restart.. usually every minute.. the latest revision finally works for me, again. But, the latest revision of the FB app, closes (completely exits) when i try to share anything.. and randomly when try to view a link or a video on FB.. sometimes as i am scrolling thru my newsfeed. But the real kicker is, it closes when i try to access my own wall! Fixed yet? Nope! Fixed yet? Nope! Fixed yet? Nope! Time to flood the news feed with random videos... Fixed yet? Nope! Fixed yet? Nope! Fixed yet? Nope! Time to flood the news feed with more videos!
Goog
Wow!! Amazing
Graet apps thank you
I like this app
Very fast
Not bad ... launch new features..bcoz..i m boring for older features....plz
Providencia.rivera
Awesome
The world will end if facebook closes!
Facebook
Dosent Work AT ALL
Zabriiii
Now it's okay
Lyndsey rowna
Keeps u updated always of ur dear ones
It just awesome
United k9
Sedap mugo fb versi baru pow tahi kucing ...
Hi
Liked it
I'd like it a lot more if I could put it on my sd card :/ takes up too much space on my phone.
But its working very slow.. its big problem is unfortunate off and force us to use messenger.. I don't like messenger...plz do something.
good

So frustrating, can't stop it from automatically opening even if I force close it.
Improved. ..
Force Closes Upon Open after Update
Beautiful
Ok
people spend most of their time on facebook...they must don't have a life.
Old Man in a new world
1. Provide an option to switch memory utilization disk (internal/external) because it is always FB app which consumes a lot of internal memory.  2. Provide an option to all post where one can turn off notifications. 3. Spend some time on performance optimization.
I would like to c the most recent news. Not old news from days ago first.
Sucks
Good
I hate Facebook but whatever they deserve it
Good for using
Total waste of time
Bartley
Good way to connect
I love it its so good  even no that im just getting started it even looks good
Force close. Can't even look for 5 minutes before it stops. Please fix it!!!!
I put two stars to balance the bars :)
It suks!
Great app
Still need to improvement on my device it still hang take to much time to open like msg, feeds etc..
This app wants full control of your handheld device why facebook? Why?
The most recent update is awful on my S4. My news feed fails to update, I am unable to view most pictures, my comments fail to post, the pages do NOT refresh when I try to refresh pages or posts, and things just generally suck as of right now. Step it up, Facebook.
niceee
My news feed won't update. Keeps telling me an error trying to update feed. Also I hate that I have to keep going to the more tab just to see recent feeds.
What happens to facebook it freezes on me and I have to  restart  the app
Like
For an older version
Please improve and fix this app. My notification can't be opened as of this morning till now. Couldn't just rely on desktop alone.
Just love it
Love it
Comet I need that Bronws
Its to slow updating
Nice aap
DO not Force Me To download messenger or i will leave it
Family
still not working
It's absurd you can't message ppl without your privacy being invaded by having to download messenger
Good
Nice
For sending messages, why  there  is need for downloading messenger?
FB messenger is annoying 
Nice
Have to download messenger. Just another way for government to keep track of our life. Facebook enjoy your affiliation with the government. Assholes.  Uninstall..... Click
Loinyou.
Goood
Post are jumbled and stalls consistantly...have to go out and comeback in. Like freezes and making pst replys too oftengets a "try again"...all in all, horrible!
Necessary app in my life
Thanks
This is great guys it works fine thanks to facebook
Except for the messenger app. 5 stars if you stop forcing the messenger app
Good OK
How come I can't change my birthday? I don't want people telling me "Happy Birthday" based on wrong information.
I update it and then it star messing it up on my phone
Gooddd
Facebook is now fake book
Its consuming too much space in phone storage.... N sometimes whn i need too download some othr apps thn it says "insufficient space available" evn whn thr r space... No matter how many othr installed apps u delete  stil it says like tht... Bt whn i delete fb app thn thr is space... Wtf... I hav to delete n thn again download fb app inorder to doanload othr apps.....
Don't best
OK can you stop trying to make a download that stupid app for the messages. I don't care if people reply 20% faster to messages I don't  want it ok please just stop. It's getting on my nerves and is annoying you ruined everything.
Facebook has done something and now it freezes. Stop with the updates. Why change it when it works, now it dosn't.
Ok
It force closes too damm much makes me want to deleat it
Awesome app good for mobile
Updated and now the app shuts down several times a day: IRRITATING !
Man this sucks
Please make most recent button on main page
Nyc
Well I download it everything I update it it says insufficient storage I know I have the storage I have to uninstall and reinstall for it to be updated this is ridiculous I shouldn't have to do this to have an app
After this latest update it keeps freezing and force closes... Sucks
Good
It'll load my news feed, but cannot load my friends requests or notifications.
It dosent let me down load any thing all my apps were deleted
Good
Facbook
Very nice
This app is driving me crazy!! Keeps crashing all day long!! The older version was way better...at least it didn't stall and crash on me!!!
I liket
Good
Dumb...poor App
Thax
facebook Is the best. You can text,post stuff at the same time!
Great game
It won't let me open it I uninstalled it and I'm going to reinstall let's see what happens I may give it higher if it works this time
HA GAYEEEEEDEE
It works perfectly for me because my awesomeness is OVER NINE-THOUSAND!! thanks Facebook
Good app
It is now working perfectly
Great features.
I can't log in. What kind of stupidity is this.
Pasang Lama
I can't check my messages anymore and I don't want the messenger app. Until I can check messages with just this app 1 star
Not really good as what I've thought
Its very slow n gets stuck each time when i launch it.
Many of the photo is not loading.
After the this update, the news feed was jumbled up, there is no way to put them so the most recent show up first.
Facebook seems to always take all my data. :/ can that be fixed?
How many times do i need to update this apps?
Everything. Is possible
Nice app
Very nice
Muhabaa muhaammad
Ketemu yg lama-lama.....sama yang baru
Hate that my news feed isn't in order of most recent. I don't want to read something from three days ago like it just happened. I want to have read it when it happened!
People all over the world say ow since the update of instagram and Facebook it doesn't work but when I try it it works wow
Saran
Awesom
9
Best application
MESSENGER IS STUPID IT WAS FINE THE WAY IT WAS!!!!!!!!!
Samsung S 7562
Queng
It is all that I want in a facebook app. Is is greatly compatible with my GALAXY phone.
Closes by itself
Cant even send a message unless u have the messanger app which is STUPID!!! Very irritating FIX IT!!!!!
Always not respondin :@
5 star's
Still needs improving......
Why I can't install this app. Always error..!! Please make this simple. Please ...
Way old
Good app works fine
It's Facebook
Good
On facebook the menu
After recent update: I can't sync my contacts with Facebook anymore. I liked that feature a lot. Kept it easy. Please fix this. Before: Sometimes it acts retarded, but I use it everyday and it's super easy. Some things could be better, but I've had the app for a year ads a half. And it's gotten a little better.
Wow
I liked it and all but now its forcing me to get messenger just to talk to my family and friends. Also I did some research on this app "messenger" and what I found out is that you give out all your information out to this app and they don't even tell you why they need it. So don't get it. Just use your browser to go on Facebook
its Spanky
Good boyhe
I'm unable to move the app to sdcard, therefore eats phone memory for apps, It would be great if we could move it to external memory card; therefore have to uninstall it.
Ok
Old app was good. Now I cannot message someone using native app , it is asking for installing messanger app. If one app can do both thing then why compulsion of installing other app. Even messenger app takes lots of space and utilizes memory
Ye
Messenger App? No thanks. Now I have to use the website for my Facebook messaging needs. Ugh. Thank God it's accessible from my phone.
Its good
Awesome, this application is the 1st download I make when buying new phones.
It worked just fine before forcing everyone to get the messenger app. I tried it out and it is worthless. Why can't I still view and respond to my messages in this app?
Loving it
Its ok
I think it would be awesome if there were spots in my profile editor to mark events like when/ where I met my best friend, and I can add my own life landmarks and dates.
EXCELLENT APPS
Nice
good
Well, I guess its time to uninstall the app, because the Messenger fake out trick failed me. If I can't get PMs in the app there is NO REASON WHATSOEVER to have this app anymore.
Okey
Special Memories in My Life
facebook
Facebook is very important to me but this app is eating so much cache, I keep getting memory unavailable errors
I can't even play my videos anymore what's up with that?
Keeps closing down the application not cool
The new update is not working correctly...
I love it
give it 5 stars if it seprate with messenger
Whatever this new update did is causing it to open an old notification everytime I open the app, and won't let me view my news feed. Annoying
Ever since I updated this app, , I can't see half of the pictures that friends post!  I wish I didn't update this app.
good
Better
what is happening now?
The app force closes every time i try to browse away from home screen on my galaxy tab3
I love this new version,,,,,
Facebook loving it.,,never a dull moment.
Extremely slow. Ugly stuff
Why don't I have choices like poking my friends on the app like I do on the cite. I also can't change different settings like whether or not I want notifications about specific people
I love Facebook this app makes me hella happy
Love
Nice
keeps closing unexpectedly especially when trying to search and read an dwrite comments. please publish update!
Baik
i love Facebook!
Excellent!!
It mess up sometime but it's cool
Nice............!!!!!!!!!! Messenger
sucks.. always freezes phone
I could and, can find my old 'langotiya' friends
Sab Sea dila dia janda mera baba Nanak
Consumes allot of phone memory
Facebook app requires too much access to operations on my phone. Permission to access contact,  camera,  and other options isn't necessary. Not going to be giving access to my phone. Sorry Facebook.
The people u get to connect with old and new great app
When we send messages and they read it I wanna get notification that they read it and when I trying scrolling down from a video it freezes my screen and I don't wanna be downloading fb messenger can't the little circle just come uo without downloading messenger
Every time, when i had reveived a push in my cellphone i need restart my device...cause his display is cold, dont do anything.
Best app you will see last activities easily
Good
Love it
So, I am being forced to download 'Facebook Messenger' if I ever want to see my messages. I want to use only 1 app for this program. Causing my phone to almost not work. Complete memory eater.  Samsung galaxy note II
When i saw the application i was shocked ......its very fast.....
Whoever thought it was a great idea to only let you read your messages through facebook messenger should go away and never come back. Deleted both apps because it's so annoying.
like it
I HATE that I now have to dl the messenger app for my private messages. Such bs. I'm not doing it
awful
It's kinda dumb cause it wont let me check my messages unless i download messenger and honestly dislike the fact that I need to get another app just to check my messages on the other -.-
Ruins relationships
Nice......
Good app i m still using it
It works so slow and many force closes.......
I want my messages back. I don't want two apps to do one thing. Just put them back together.
Works really good
Closes randomly is starting to forceclose. Bugs need to be fixed.
Facebook
Love itt
It is easy and fun to use its cool dontnneed other apps I love this one
Beautiful
It's oksy
Love this
Luv the new messenger
Amaizing Apps
This thing constantly boots me 3 to 4 times a day. Pretty aggravating when you've been scrolling for 20 min. Of posts on a buy sell trade page, and why can't you search for an old post easier on your phone. I am so fricken ready for a new social networking site.
I cant even open the app.. i signed in after a fresh reboot and i cant see anything. I even cleared data and relogin it just puts me into my homescreen.. - Tmoblie note 2
Facebook is starting to suck with the whole messenger crap. STUUUUUUPID!!!!!
Wonderful
Wht a perfomance
Love
Facebook
Good
Forces you to download a messaging app if you want to make use of facebook messaging, despite not needing it before. Just a way to increase downloads on their failing app. The messaging app itself isn't bad but it isn't necessary and takes up too much space.
Ok.
Facebook
Good application
Takes Up To Much Space.
Totally love it
Not happy with the new Facebook.
Awesome App
099328910
Need Update
It
It's not working. Phone updated android (4.4.2) = no facebook.... Must have updated app again and still not working. Sort it. >.<
Sucks bc it keeps knocking me off
Cool
i like but this is slow
Please fix the location on status it isn't working.
Needs improvement
amazing..
Fb
FB is turnin into CRAP!! Kp on ull be another Myspace!!!
There is no reason for me to have 2 apps for Facebook. Will change stars when it changes
It won't load half the time the other half it freezes up and closes telling me Facebook isn't responding would u like to close it? Do i have a choice it won't do anything else ugh makes me so mad
Hate the update. Works fine until the new update. Then it all freezes up. Fix this please.
Find things out
Yeah I don't like the old news feeds. Blah blah blah
Is good
Jst awesome
el mucho saver no es bueno
Wow
Love it
All my friends on fbk
Won't let me see my messages because I have to download messenger, bullshit . Rather delete Facebook .
Do you have minus star?
I've practically failed school because this app is on my phone. I delete it & reinstall right away.
New version is satisfied...because dwnld photos....
Please fix it .
Have troubles updating
I can't see who people recently became friends with anymore, I'm not getting notices about the people I am following anymore either.
I hate it sometimes cause it closes automically.
Good

Best app for social media.
Having so many problems, I'll have to uninstall. Can't even see the news thread. Very frustrated. Last version used up so much data, by streaming all videos at once without wanting to see any of them. Really bogged down my phone. I've already uninstalled and reinstalled. Worse version yet.
Can't see pictures or videos.  Takes forever to load anything!  Sure would be nice if all these updates would actually make it better. Each update seems to make it much worst!
Find friends n sharing ideas
I love fb
Good application
Trying to put a video on Facebook and it dont do anything
good
Its ok
Pictures hardly ever show up even after clicking on them. On a tablet. Does this on our galaxy3 & 5 as well....
I can't go to anybodys page without the app shutting down
It sucks change everything
It is so much fun meeting new people
I love Facebook
I'm back with a FLYY new phone!
I love your app it's a great way to keep in touch and catch up on your latest friends and why there doing Justin Riley
Nonan
cool ... i like it .. Facebook is the best application ever...
No es una aplicacion que proteja identidad y expone a cualquiera que la use
Keep it
When it comes to doing most things on Facebook I'm clueless but with the app it makes things a lot easier
Everyday also show me "facebook isn't responding" make my phone totally hang some more ==
Facebook is getting really annoying with all the updates its getting, i hate the fact that it has been two days with out me being able to see my newsfeed or notifications please make this right im to addicted to facebook and i dont like using it trough the web which is the only way it works
Solutions for all grief & sorrows
Now apdet
Very nice
Setuju
I cant c news feed in my android whtz wrong help me pls.. before thiz was ok nw wht happen pls do sum yhg.tq
Please allow file transfers thru the app. It will be really helpful to students.
But am starting to hate it... I've been to download the dawm thing all day and it kept on saying error every time... I've been without Facebook all day... This is ridiculous
Designer Remya Rajan
It dosent let me log in sometimes
Wasn't to bad
Too 'HEAVY'. Use up so much mobile data. Make it lighter please
Fndd
It was good news. Will.use it soon
Its stupid I now have to download the messenger app to chat and look at my messages what a load of¡­¡­¡­
Very very useful software for fb
When I'm going down my synced photos they stop loading after a while and then when I click on it , it just force quits and sends me to my news feed
House work
Sucks hate the new messenger app and now the facebook app keeps freezing for a few minutes unless you back out and reentee
I love FAcebook
Ever since i updated my tablet to kit kat, Facebook is unusable. It closes on its on, it closes when you attempt to scroll, it closes when you attempt to view a profile. Is this a Facebook problem or a Samsung problem? Help please..
The app auto updated twice when I had it set to manual now I can't change it so thanks apple
Half the time I try to use this app it freezes. The only fix is to close the app and hope the next time it works.
Jams boon
For taking the Facebook messenger section off this app
am using redmi note n always feel that this apps kinda hve lag when am scroll down.
nice
:)
Chido
Can't download it I upgraded my phone to android KitKat...and it says incomplete!
It's a lot better than the last one, thanks.
NO MESSANGER NO IT SUCKES
facebook katana
Loven it
My stories are all mixed up not in real time updating I update page and get stuff from a couple days prior annoying
pisey
After the recent upgrade, Facebook constantly stops responding on my android.
Karkat is coooool
When i open a video i cant close it or exit from it i just force close the Facebook to get ride from it and there is no reply comment unlike facebook in iPhone.just fix it to give 5 stars.
Awesome
Got to love Facebook
Facebook
Face book

I can't download
media
Mad at Facebook for the messenger app so I'm giving it a bad review
this is normal.
dont be boys
Social media
I love Facebook .It keeps you in touch with people who you love, and lost touch with
Krmah..
Love this
Ok
Not bad.
Superb love this facebook
Can chat all day
I'm always on Facebook
The pokes page is the worst. I get notifications that I was poked, but when I go to the page all I get are suggestions of people to poke and is never able to see who poked me. If y'all know a solution let me know plz.
Go Imran khan Go
Changed my password and has a email I never had
Awry
coz my divice is alwys low:(
I am Uninstalling this app because they try to force me to have messanger app. No more Facebook maybe I'll tweet now. DONT MAKE MESSANGER APP MANDATORY TO MESSAGE.
Reply & photos in comments in the next update
Keeps crashing my phone
Why is there no option for custom in the audience for posts? I have to use the web version.  Keeps freezing up my phone.
I hate this app, it will eliminate all your free memory with the time
I just updated (on my DROID X2) & now it won't even open.  It force closes and freezes my entire phone.  Way to go, Facebook.  Your mobile app is about as awesome as your site itself.  Fix it.
It uses up alot of your data . It forces you to get the messenger app which is also a horrible app !
I have to get messager I don't want it!
gnanam rg
They are recording and videoing without your permission be careful
CD bounty nt
Love faceboo
Operator               like  to get chrome
Hate the fact that messenger is required... It sucks! It needs to be optional not mandatory
What is going on with this thing it allways messes up I can't even watch a video PLZ FIXX!!!!!!!!! But I still like it and it takes to long to download
Why on earth would anyone in their right mind turn over such control of a device to this app?! There isn't much about your online world this app can't access. Come on, sheeple, stand up for your right to some semblance of online privacy!
Helps keep up with peple an things
Any attempt for me to try and update just isnt happening....but because of this i cant seem to have my htc facebook either.I call this a swizz.
Fb is super slow,  and it the app shut down.  Now I have to go to the website just to be able to open it. Please fix it or I will have to unistall it
The only thing that is no longer there is location when u update status. Please fix
I lika
love it
Nice
Great
Sangat membantu
Fix it god dern it
Mac
When i click on video, it is force closing.
Yasss
Wow ndu nannavanem Hai kooi hai
Playing videos always freezes my screen and crashes the facebook app. Always.
Remove the messenger app and all of the other privacy invading requirements and I'll 5 star it
2018
Only reason I keep it is it's too late to train my 76 yr old mom how to use another app.
A boy stole my phone and my fb is logged on o: but I use it all the time and it's great c:

People
Gedy
Telkomsel
Pendong
I got to talk to my favorite friends
Nice app's
This promag are un perfect space on my life
I get to hang out with my buddy
Facebook
K
Disliking the messenger thing, just keep it with it's own fb page, no need to make two apps, lame... and it takes to much space to store, not that many ppl have phones with that many (mb)..step it up fb. To many worthless updates then actually needy ones.
Nice
Thanks
**Update 29/03/13-Since last update few weeks ago force closin ALL the time!!Very temperamental.Will sometimes take forever to load even when wifi on full bars.Randomly crashing/force closing when lookin at photos or sometimes photos just wont load & just get a blank screen.**Update** 03/09/14 -this app is alot better since by last year however it still force closes occasionally on my M8.Alot more improved though. **Update** 16/09/14-Constant force closing & loads of ads!Back to 1 star!
It uses you phones ram instead of your SD card to hold useless info. Memory is at a premium people. His about fixing that.....
It works yo
Its nice app ..
Why does it increase to 45 all of my memory is gone so i cant download the apps i want
Very good
Facebook
Facebook
Good
Very good app
Thanks FB
WTF ..... every time i try to download i can only download 17.09 mb ..my internal storage n sd are all fine .... why cant i download it .... useless ..... google.play store is going down day by day try to fix it by the earliest ...... thuiiiii! !!!! Bettr to close down this app
Raza
I love facebook so much thank-u
Its hang while opening & closing , hope next update will be better
Ya
Not good no more it keeps closing
Facebook
Facebook
No recent stories...my newsfeed is full of posts from two weeks ago! Also, had to Uninstall then reinstall to even post anything! This is ridiculous...gonna find a new Facebook app.
Thatsss new fun
Constantly crashing. I
Its terrible
Je peux pas r¨¦pondre au commentaire sur mon ALCATEL ONE TOUCH, faut r¨¦soudre ce probl¨¨me svp !
Bugs galore. Can't connect with several other apps, crashes, News feed issues, lamest fb app ever.
Better than last time
Nuff said
Ok
Freezes and closes way to much
Fix it up...can't even excess my news feed well
I JUST got the newest update and I HATE IT! I am getting posts two days old at the top of my news feed instead of most recent.  I see no way of choosing between top stories and most recent as on the previous version. I'm thinking about scrapping Facebook altogether.
Happy
I am very love Facebook. ...
ayos
durga dd52

Nyc app
This app is freezing and force closing all the time since the last update....uggggggg fix it please!
Good app but.. it takes up too much storage!!! Would be better if you fix this problem!
I'm VERY HAPPY ABOUT MY PAGE ;)
Some time error
Doesn't refresh right and always force stops now
Literally sits there trying to load news feed but it never happens. It will show messages and notifications but no news feed *yawn
Great for keeping in touch with friends and family
How could I have given less than 5 stars..
Easy n  fast
Google+ is beautiful compared to fb
Every time I refresh it takes me back to posts 2 days old can't find any new posts not even the post I just got done commenting on this app sucks tired of it
Updated Facebook, Works fine, Not having any problems :)
Having problems with my pics disappearing & not being able to delete stuff when I want!!!! Getting worse all the time!!!
I love Facebook
I Love it
I Absolutely Lovee The Facebook App!! There Is Nothing Wrong With It Except.... It Has To Take Up 106MB Of Storage???!!! I Have A Very Cheap Phone With Very Little Ram. Please Reduce Back Ground Activity And App Storage. Only Problem I Have Other Than That Its Amazing!!!
Abe Ramirez Facebook
Note2
update plzzz    its so poor app
Was working great now I can't do anything
Why can't I download this app. It's nothing to do with space. I just don't understand
Need to install new version help me .
Keeps cutting out mid message etc.
Uninstalling. Let me know when messenger comes back to the app. Until then, I'm using the browser version.
Best
What the hack is going on with this app it take like forever to load and problem is with the app not with my internet my internet spped is 10 mbps please fix it fast
Very good and smooth after update.. good plis dont update anymore and anymore.
I like it!! I dont know why the people dont know why the people dont like it...
Electronic
Love it
Since last update to FB my Samsung Galaxy Tab3 FB crashes and closes at inopportune times. Primarily when i attempt opening a profile or attempt friending. The last several days especially bad. My Samsung Galaxy Note 2 has no issues and FB works just fine on it.
Kyria
Nc app
This app was the best for a while but for the past 2 months I have to "force stop" the app in order for my newsfeed to update. EVERY SINGLE TIME.
These unnecessary permissions need to go! I've uninstalled this app and messenger simply because the permissions are outrageously invasive. Might even look into alternative social media outlets and be done with it all together.
Entirely too slow smh
Need simple long press menu on feed to mute threads , people, games, etc.
Updated twices, often pop out,  what happened?
No comentarios
Fix Immediatly please, none of my games will connect through Facebook! !
I absolutely hate this app. If 3rd party apps like Friendcaster, Fast for Facebook had the full functionality of the official app- I'd been long gone. What I hate the most is that if I don't update for a long period of time - the app closes on me on launch  and us unusable. But behold - after the update it works just fine... Thank you Facebook!
Best facebook
I LIKE IT...
After downloading latest sony updates, lost Fb and now cannot get it back because it is incompatible. Have complained to sony - known problem but doing sod all to put matters right!!!!!!
Kool
Love it
I wish I could give negative stars!!! You've made how many updates, and you still can't get it right???? This new downgrade you've released breaks the app so badly it doesn't load anything. At all. Don't you have testers for this s*t?????!!!
Please ban Facebook!
never worked its too stress ful
To have this app need so much permission on the device is shocking. Camera? Sms? Jesus. Want me to send you a vile of blood too?   And the memory it takes up AND the messenger app. Catch yourselves on. Sure, I'll still be using Facebook but definitely not through the app. The browser will do grand.
Its OK l like it
Nice ppl
A google user

Bring back the old ones this one is s##t
I can now look at it when I go to bed or in bed
Facebook app is still crap
Biasa aja
FACEBOOK, NUMBER one!
Qwesome
After 3 auto updates, the news feed does not update! Always error. Fix please :( (Motorola RAZR)
Like it to check in on facebook
Cool
Application
Good
Superb!
5 star
:-)
Sbahat
Like it
Themba mfaku
I love Facebook
Give us the option to message on the normal app... Why in the world would you take that feature away and not give us the choice to use it if we want...? Some of us prefer it that way.
Good
Jst fix it with takeing long to load pls.but other wise its okey
Always I got "facebook is not respondig" and it makes my phone slow!!!!
I love it this app mostly because I love Facebook keep up the good work 
Some improvement... in..new .update...i hope ...on.day ...facebook ...give  ..better ui ..design ...to ..use ..more ..smothly..
But it takes lot of space and even u cannot move this app on memory card, like how other app's dose have an option... Plz make sure that they give an option to transfer on memory card, so the phone memory may get some space and it stops the phone getting stuck or hang... If u help me in this problem then I will surely give u 100 starts even bcz facebook is an best app...
Awesome application
Good time past
Freezing!! Like Crazy!
IT CONSTANTLY SHUTS OFF! So slow!
Tpi fb sya suka heng, tolong bgi jgn heng blh tak, atau tolong seting hp sya bgi elk.
Good
Good
Nyc 1
There were two supposed give a ways today . 09 15 14, duds again, the last one day or two ago told us if we didn't get the reward, they would manually give them to us. BULL, they didn't do it! They were wondering in comments today if this was like all other times,  YEP IT WAS! Same on 9 17 14.  No like button to click on.
When I get on my face on this app it's not loading news feed, please fix and I'll get you 4 stars back.
I love this until it decided want all my information
It is fast and rewarding.
Would give it 5 stars if you let us have our messaging solely within this app, I refuse to download a separate app just for messaging. Facebook your being ridiculous....
Freezes up my phone EVERY SINGLE time I open in app. Used to go on it every chance I get now I'd rather just not have Facebook. Problems started with most recent update.
I hate the messenger
Doha qatar
Good
I like
Social media
i am learning and try to understand.
it was already a thig on the old facebook app, how stupid to block iy
Boom boom
Can't login and I am not getting any code in my mobile number
Pathetic, why are you forcing us to download two apps when the first one worked perfectly fine... Its ridiculous not even considering the highly invasive permissions both apps want
Always stoped my facebook sometimes storage space running out please help..
Good
This app constantly crashes when performing simple functions such as using the Search function, selecting and loading members' profiles, migrating from the Facebook app to Facebook Messenger via clicking on message notifications. On top of that, it relaunches itself which last time I checked it shouldn't have the ability to do nor does it request permission to do, nor does it provide a method of disabling this auto relaunch function. To the Devs: "You better get this app under control... And I mean SOON."
Takes to much memory
Saved
Works very well. Very happy with this app.
no good app
videos will not play after the "NEW" update please fix this issue
Thakkar
Can't even download the updated version. It takes forever to download and then it will say an error occurred! It's taking up too much space so I can't download the new updates! I'm also not doing the messenger thing, I don't care about that! Frustrating! Also, I don't want to see stuff from a week ago on my feed. Needs improvement for sure! Maybe the update is better but hey, I wouldn't know because I can't load it! It now constantly closes out on me
Best app
I unfortunately made the mistake of installing this crappy app again against my better judgment and the reviews....BIG MISTAKE.  Now, I can't even open it.  The one time it did open, pictures STILL don't show on my feed and note I don't have any like button!  Facebook, fire all your worthless developers who don't test anything, and get people in there who want to do things RIGHT. Waste of my time.  How many thousands of reviews will it take to realize your team sucks?  HTC One M8
Love on earth
Here because that is where my friends & family are.  Would rather everyone go to Google Plus
Faxool
Good
Nice
Purty good
Properly the best app
Works fine other than i cant share the pictures i synced to Facebook
Ok
Sad with the services
I have issues daily with my news feed refusing to load every other feature works except the news feed refreshing
Fix problem....out of 10 minutes on Facebook it closes more than 20 times
Ages to load now and keeps freezing
Merge ca ceapa
Wow
Ummm
The force to messenger app is crap, and now with this update my news feed keeps freezing. Maybe it will just help make the move to G+ easier.
super
Nice app
The app closes any time I search for a page or click "continue reading".   Both my Droid X and galaxy tab 3
I would go onto the app and what not but then it wouldn't even load and said that Facebook wasn't work do you want to quit
Its great on my phone thing is i get messages very late and notifications
I love it
First of all, having to install another separate app to get your Facebook messages is pointless. It even ask too much as in your identity, photos, phone # etc. Too much storage used. Having your messages on the same app was nicer and more easier in all honesty. Also, sometimes the feed does not update, and it can get quite annoying. Other than those bugs (which are major ones), the app is what it's supposed to be.
Good
Big Like
Facebook is the best app for social networking
All that is need to be done it to show all the updates of every single friend not only the ones you are more social with! <3
You have done away with search bars in the mobile and tablet versions of fb. I can not use in group pages when I need to search. Scrolling through is just awful trying to find someone or something. FIX
Good app for facebook useser
By the Grace of God Go I!
Couldn't do without it. One of the ultimate advertising tools for any business.
Ok so I had changed my password on my old account and I knew the password but they keep telling me its wrong so I made A new account and then I got like 65 friend request I accepted 15 and they make me do a security check... I WANNA MEET NEW FRIENDS AND PEOPLE TOO...I don't get why there is a security check anyways....all people wanna do is meet other people...not being stopped by the "Facebook Police" please ask permission from Mark to change this...my name is Daijia
my chatting room want face book application messenger but i don't download messenger app please tell me the solution how to chat without messenger .... then I'll rated the five star....
Now just keeps freezing up and I have to reboot my phone.   Deleting app.
After the latest update, clicking on links to website crashes both the Facebook app and Chrome. That's a pretty big bug in my book.
Like
Pta nhi
I cant save photos anymore
Not working very well
This messenger app u need to download
Nice
Every time I open it on my tablet, I click on one button, and the app closes out. Takes me an hour to check 15 notifications. And yes, this is with the app up to date.
Fix it. I can not use Facebook now . It says i am not connected to internet. Yesterday it works perfect  . Please fix it!
Personal
Facebook speed is too slow.. :-(
My phone have only 512 mb of RAM and this app taking 110 mb of RAM... Mann that is tooo high fix it!!!!!!
Excellent...
830111
Awesome way to be in touch with friends on the move. It would be better if the design can be revamped
Love it
Nic
Fb
I thought it was amazing i could add my friends and look at  watt my friends are up to i highly recommend this app!
So so waaaa..
Why send me flags for messenger in Facebook, either integrate it or give me the option to permanently ignore it. Why have an app that needs another app to access the content. Shite, Facebook is going in the bin as soon as more of my friends are on G+. PS you and your Candy Crush invites can far-cough!
Can there please be a new update. It won't open Facebook and keeps going back to my home screen. I never had a problem until these last couple updates. Pretty frustrating
Alquran lite  bukakan balik  semula ...supaya saya bolih mengaji alquran
Need more

Sourabh Bhattacharjee
not that pleased to be honest
Perfect
Not bad, just hate that it has so much permission thou
Its a good app
amazing
After these updates I hate this app. I can't check messages without messenger and I can't tag anyone in my posts!!! Not happy
Sayad sikindar
i like Facebook!!!
Save
Nice one
Whenever I try to play a video the app freezes then force closes...wtf yo??
WTF.  Wont stop open.. shite
Ok
Allah
Now fb is too slow take many time to open and freeze my tap please fix it
Really.. really.. really hate app messenger!!
Stuck on setting up facebook, cant open fb accounts...
A great sociel media in a palm of my hand. I love it!.
It's great. .....
Ok
Everytime i open this app my phone powers down and restarts only does it on this app
Very nice
100%
This version take huge amount of ram..
Michael
I love MAKA and MADENA
After a month of installing and uninstalling messenger, because it would crash when accessed, and then, each time it tried to restart.. usually every minute.. the latest revision finally works for me, again. But, the latest revision of the FB app, closes (completely exits) when i try to share anything.. and randomly when try to view a link or a video on FB.. sometimes as i am scrolling thru my newsfeed. But the real kicker is, it closes when i try to access my own wall! Fixed yet? Nope! Fixed yet? Nope! Fixed yet? Nope! Time to flood the news feed with random videos...
I used to be able to set an event photo right from my cell but after update now I can't.
Easy to use
Nice
Wonderful!!!!!!!!!
It say duplicate provider authority..wtf
Unnfortantly facebook
Nice
Nice
marbles nd superb i loved it
Look Facebook I don't want to log into my other apps so you can have my data you dumb fudge Packers. You people are idiots your apps sucks make it better and less spammy
Very bad... It crash every time I want to do something I hate it very much
Love
As the updates eat up the space , no improvements in UI
It could b better.laggy sumtimes
Please FIX....Everyone hates that GAME INVITES are NOT BLOCKABLE!!  Videos do not open!! R U Overloaded FB??
Very sweet
Mbk
Wont download messanger takes up toooo much space
Denny mcmillion
Eats RAM like a motherf*****
After each update it is getting more worst. The app just randomly crashes while reading posts and though it takes up to 100mb space then also forcing to download messenger.
this is a great social app.
Sent
I love it all apps
Makes everything easier
Best services ever
I love Facebook
Acha h
Its too big sized app reduce its size
Joel
I can't see most of the photos people post. ... I'm sick of the long delays. I've uninstalled and everything. Still doesn't work.
I am satisfied
It looks cool and my mates got it and its awsome! GET THIS APP!!!!!!!
Its so fast to uplod photos
Can't play any videos that are sent to Facebook. Very disappointed.
Its always turning off when i uploaded a picture....
Awsome
It's really a part of life
Cant upload photos on my htc merge why facebook this update is not good.
Hey, if you don't like the app, just go onto your browser and use Facebook. Sure, its not as fast, but it doesn't use as much space as the stupid Messenger app. Oh did I mention that you can actually send a freaking message?
Think you
thanks you
Nice
I love fb
Khan
stop with the Facebook messenger, please! my phone doesn't have enough storage
I'm sick of browsing far into my feed, and then while reading something, all of the sudden I'm at the very top of my feed, and then I have to scroll ALL THE WAY BACK DOWN to finish reading what I was looking at.
Good
Good
Its better with update
For an older version
lets you talk to friends
You don't know
Slow
Like
Is a very good app but  sometimes its slow.
junk
Ok it's been since the last update I can't watch videos that are shared to my wall I don't have a problem watching them from any other site. Do we have someone working on this problem? Won't complain about the stupid fb mess app cuz there's always a way around it. I don't use it I use messenger thru my fb app. :0)
Facrbook
How big does an app have to be that grabs data from online and post data online. Wow 20 megs i only have 300 mb on here shared w the os
Niceeeeee
I'm done dealing with the pushy tactics and inane news feed spam.
FB won't listen to it's community and users about our opinions on what they keep changing.. They're going to be abandoned down the road like MySpace! No one wants to download 2 separate apps, no one wants a news feed with posts from 8 days ago because we "might like it", no one wants privacy invaded without our control, and so many other little problems building up.  So annoying, I'm getting tired of this app but it's the only efficient way to communicate with old friends and they know it..
Pretty well designed.
Messenger, other apps and the suggested apps i even never looked at
Why should we download Messanger everyime?
It will tell me someone commented on my photo, then when i click to see it, it shows the photo but i cant see the comments.
Grr
I cannot get anything to load on my page. This update sucks.
M-me
love this app....ok.....
I can do everything what I am want to do. Updated version is good.
its very nice
Love
1. In Afghanistan its unavailable to download from Google playstore.  2. I downloaded it using VPN. *3. Now when I am signed in after some time it says that 'Your session was expired. Please login again.
There is no need for any app to require so many permissions other than to abuse then for advertising reasons.
this apps fine... but using messenger for txtng is not done..
No reason to have two apps for Facebook. At all. They noticed that it's "20%" faster. Total BS. Messages on my phone were coming in just fine
Hate poor bad rubbish dirty
Loved it
Like it
Nice
Can you guys find a way to maintain. It 22.65MB??? Its because when i hope my fb account. It start to give a notice that i don't have enought                                              storage...  please find a way to maintain it...!!
Like the new features it's much faster now
Fine
In the best
Nice
So useful!
D
Bangalore
Good
Takes over 30 secs to open since the last update! Please fix
Taking all all my internal space
This is one of the best apps on Play Store...
Not one response to all these reviews??? Speaks volumes! Have uninstalled...get rid of it guys
This app is way better then Facebook messenger and when you click on the Friends icon in the top right hand corner after you are logged in all your Friends that are logged on Facebook or just active on there phones will be on the entire right side of your Facebook page until you leave the page. So the thing I don't understand is this regular Facebook App does the exactly same thing messaging wise and does all kinds of more and better stuff then the Facebook Messanger. So just download this App and not the m
Raam
Amazing
Good luck
can't tag friends in my comments.. n not all the notifications are updated! i see more notifications in my browser, which i have not seen in application. pls fix it....
After updating to the latest version, i've noticed that the past posts like photo albums always appear on my newsfeed. The recent posts and the really old posts are jumbled. I really hate it!!! And also it always crashes! Like suddenly stops working!
This is Phone storage more occupying ...
Good
So good
Facebook is really annoying coz it never wants to load any news feeds at all really sucks
I love it
Good way to b on contact w family
Hay que lamentar que en algunas publicaciones no se puede comentar con im¨¢genes.
Since the update I keep getting a connection error. Too much drama, I will just open google and go to facebook from there. Deleting app after I post this comment.
Gud app but it works slowly with laginess.
I have the galaxy s3. And it sucks the battery really bad. Really needs an update. If u dont update soon, I will uninstall
Peferct
I love Facebook
This  is  bad
Samsung S 5 galaxy
Like lot faster
MD.ROBIULLAH
The updates take up too much space and if you don't update the app won't work right abd say error everytime you refresh the news feed.
Happy
No body wants their phone memory be f### by fb apps
Great
But I dont get this why do i have to download messenger to see messages!
I love this apps
Sucks after last few updates. Runs slow. I dont want to watch every video on the news feed as I scroll through my phone....
Jigusa
Crap
Its time weasting.....app. The old version is best. Plz solve the time vast problem.
Nice app(b.k)
The app is just ok..takes too much load....dynamic show of cards are too slow...Facebook should check Google+ mobile app its so fast and easy to use
Fav
Awesome app
Fb application is good. But sometimes loading. Hope fb fix it well
So good
Love the layout!
(Y) ;) 8|
Facebook
its really fun but it takes a lot of space
Yes
Awesome
Good
:)
Amazin
friends forever
Good app in general, however latest updates are giving videos unknown errors? Please fix as it is a bad name for Sony Xperia.
Khan
Force close after 5mins
Fix it. Same problems as everyone else! And your stupid messenger.. ugh
Anovative
Like this
Superb app
Why can't i see the birthdays listed for the current day. This is one thing  i would expect to be fixed
Nice
Gladys Cardona
Tam
Now with it i shall not go to internet then open facebook and wait for long time.
Love my family
Whoever you are dont download this shit
Poor...maintain low space
Sometimes Facebook app isn't responding. Plz solve this problem.
If your pages and photos arent loading, it may be due to DNS server issues on your service provider side. Check with them first. This app works
Its ok I Hess
I cant download direct vedio in this version
Excellent
LIB
Ever since my tablet updated my facebook it's not working properly. When I want to share, like or comment it boots me off. Not happy. Don't know if it's a Samsung glitch because off update.
Very very nice application
Luv uu solo mach
Wth happen??
Fast and stable! A far cry from what it was a few months ago. Well done!
Love it!!
Not good
Okk
Best app
crispin
Y ppl have not worked on replies to comments. I can't believe that replies to comments can not be made
Madhav1
Facebook app crashes all the time now that my samsung galaxy tablet 3 updated to 4.4.2
:-)
Wah..........
I don like
Cool
Not satisfied
Why is there a need to be forced to download chat app? Its absurd!
Take so much space on ram
Hey, i cant play any video...whenever i tap on any video....the app hangs for a bit, and then redirects to the homescreen.                       Please fix this.
messanger is mandatory in this update.. I hate fb messanger.. y should I spend more internal memory for fb...
I want old version. video downloading no problem video waching no problem.so i like old version
Grrrrrtt insoficent storage
It's creating a lot of problems
I can always find something interesting on Facebook.uh .
Thik
Nice
Very poor and useless
Ok
Gud
Sachin
Luv it
kulet(jeandy) i love you:)
Love is life
It is best designed but need to be more attractive
Moabi
Well done
Please fix that problem, and the messaging so annoying..
supoop
Unfortunately facebook has stopped. Ever since update this has been happening. Please fix. Sucks sucks sucks!!!!
Passes time at work well.
African Lady
I want messenger in the original app back. I don't feel I should have to download a separate app or use my browser to access my messages. Why, people, why?!?
Please stop updating this app. It already sucks pretty bad and you make it worse with every update. STOP. JUST STOP. can no longer watch videos, assholes...
Occupied full storage after the laat few updates
STOP FORCING US TO USE THE MESSENGER APP! We all know the app is allowed to change and delete your contacts and take pictures and record whenever it wants. Let me talk to people without having to get a separate app.
Terima Kasih Banyak
FB FB FB FB FB FB KL
videos will not play after the "NEW" update please fix this issue
Facebook
I have to restart my phone about two times in thirty minutes because it keeps saying "error loading news feed". I can't refresh anything or view my updates. It's incredibly slow and a waste of time. I'm probably going to just join G+.
To Use Facebook on my phone I have had to delete other apps I currently do not have a computer and this is the only way to keep in contact with people.

After the last update, it works like crap..the app.keeps closing..there are no error messages..but it closes. So, the browser version will do just fine, from now on.
Good
Dont make me install something that I don't want to.
niceee .
I want most recent posts back
Uninstalling. Messenger has too many permissions
Awesome
Good
Don't get me wrong I love FB.. But every time you make an update everyone hates it.. I don't like the fact that FB messenger is mandatory. And there are all these reports saying messaged makes it easier for people and authorities to hack into your phone/computer. Get it together Facebook!
Om sai ram
After last up date it take up way to much space. It will not go sim card after update.
Awesome
Easy to use and haven't had any problems so far ona Motorola Photon q 4g lte
Srs
Faduuu....:-@
Loved it
Very nice
Good
Chhrtri
Bc annoying.
Facebook Google.
Why does links open in the browser instead of inside the app ???  Group management in 2G network is very slow.
bkit ayaw mgagdownload.ang facebook
Yeah  it  fullfill  my   happyness
Ayus yan.
Good
Wonderful blast
doesn't load I uninstall it plz fix it
Works great for me!!
Its smooth..
Negtram
196
lv u mark zeckuburg
Now we can able to reply in groups comments
Feak friends
Fuerza
Fantastic!
Takes too much space
Good
Its very cool app that just connects people of no cost and gives us more fun and intresting facts
HORRIBLE!!! Always getting force close right away. Uninstalled. Complete junk!
I like it so much
Good
since im updating this my location is no longer appear,what happened just fix it..
My friends post tex message(satus) not copy &paste...please update.....image oppen not speed
It not responding...and very slowly...please fix it...
Good
Waheed jani
Good
Nice app
Love it
good
Getting tired of taking this app off and putting it back on. The screen goes black,  and then acts like it's trying to swipe pages and just keeps freaking out like that. Freezes too.  Also it's just so large, and takes up so much room.
Its awesome with the new look but please make available tye "unfollow" button.
After last update log in keeos saying session expired This is 2014 get it right
excellent. no i can enjoy ma time without anger
Thik thaak hai
What I hate the update please go back it was definitely 5 stars back then!!!
Good
I love it
Ever since the last update,  Facebook closes almost every time i try to move from one area to another in Facebook, rendering it almost useless!  If they don't fix it I'll have to delete it and stop using it
Nice any time any were u surcharge u  our friend and family.
App is fine I'm sure but my Ph can't run it properly... stupid Hussein
I love it.
Free good
I have been trying to install it for the past month. I have used different ways to install it but I haven't had any luck. Im using Google to access my account. Im using facebook messenger and i can only send and receive messages from my inbox.
Hi
Why can't we share videos through Facebook messages on the app? It's really annoying. It is something simple that we should be able to do.
Hi
It verry good
Best
I really like it
Am not thrilled with videos that play automatically...maybe I don't want to see them but can't scroll past them without starting them...VERY ANNOYING!!
Vc
Ok
A
Very good site for learning
Impressive
Goud
After the most recent Samsung update,  FB app randomly shuts down. I called Samsung to question them, they stated it appears to be an Application issue. Seems the App needs to be UPDATED, please get it done NOW.
News feed n otherx msg is nt avlbl...
Why i cant log in?? It always says check my internet connection and i try to on and off my wifi..please how can i fix this?
It's good
Everytime i open this app, it leads me to play store summoners war:sky arena! Over and over again...
Wstage for storge after an hour  app show that faceboosetting.   Fix this problem
Seriously?! Fix this asap pleas
Since i got the latest update fb does nothing but closes itself.
Because of recent updates i can't share anything. And the app closes everytime please fix
Too slow. Just use a computer
It is worth the update
Just okay. Can do better..
I love it
Please don't let my raating mislead you. I LOVE facebook! But for some reason, I'm not on it long anymore. The app keeps closing out on me! Whether i go to my page or share a post or even make one! I can't do anything anymore!!! Please fix this.
......:)
Its good app but I want to copy text in others post but I can't try through this app for that I HV  to login through opera then it will help me copy text so pls add this in this app then I will give u 5 star......
Okk
It consumes high RAM space
In long comment threads it will continuously loop the same comments when I try to view previous comments.
Great job
Nice
Hi
I've tried to download the app several times and it keeps saying incompatible update
Nice
Great...
I like it
Need to improve.. I hope next update have a video call in a mobile...
It is a time first I opened game my lvl 1 that time I am not noing this game  but I played so much that I reached lvl 121 suberb game....
very interestfully and super dooper and it is maximum
The app closes when your in the middle of doing something. When I open facebook it automatically closes. It closes when searching for something or someone, closes if you try to post anything...Very annoying.  It needs fixed or updated dramatically so it doesnt do this every time I get into facebook.
Firstly it was so awkard.  But now i am addicted to id and love it. It deservea 5 stars
Its easy
Can't download pics from inbox please fix this many people have same problem like mine! And now shown cover pic of user! :( please fix thanks!
Thanks for all
The application stopped working after my tablet updsted last time. Will not let me access my friends just goes bsck to what i was doing before. Samsung galaxy tab 3 10.1 inch.
Best app ever
It's a good application but consumes a lot of memory
Good good
4*
Nice app to chat the friends,....
After downloading this application my android phone become very slow!!!!!
Tanur
Whenever I mash the like button doesn't happen anything. I actually have to go full screen of a picture for the like button to work. Pretty annoying. I have an HTC One (m7)
Cannot even voice complaint without being booted off fb. 5th attempt
after the update my sound doesn't work for the videos
Very nice.
Good
Is.vandrfull app
It takes up too much space so i cant downlod any thing else
In a mid range phone, uses too much resources...
There were two supposed give a ways today . 09 15 14, duds again, the last one day or two ago told us if we didn't get the reward, they would manually give them to us. BULL, they didn't do it! They were wondering in comments today if this was like all other times,  YEP IT WAS!
Review  by   Bajragi  koli
I am able to view my new feed but whenever i try to view a friends page or try to message someone it closes out and i im back on my tablet home screen. Please fix. I have already uninstalled/ reinstalled the app and restarted my device. It did not work. Please fix.
It constantly freezes and shuts down. If this problem was fixed, I'd give it 5.
This is very good app
After the most recent update none of the photos or videos on my news feed even though I have full signal.
Suee
Good
Videos keep not working, fix please
Very good
the app hangs all the time n its too heavy
It is totaly wastage of time and nothing , mostly people have fake ids , and i hate them all
Ok la..
DARKOH
Silo
Small Sizee
Eljayswilling Do you have any ov that because my stuff is dirty and ant no longary in he because it's broke here
I like this it's so faster and easy to use.
Just ok
Its goooooooood
Didn't Love It but I like it
To slow -_-
Awesome application...
I love india
Good app
Good
Battery life is horrible.  GPS icon appears out of nowhere, and FB is the cause for it. Also, hate the algorithm.
Fine e
I hate when my newsfeed goals from recent to jumbled up,,,, I hate when scrolling through my my notification it always jumps back to the top,,,, I hate when I'm scrolling through my messenger list it jumps back to the top frustrating

Is that enough? Yes I guess. Try things better then I'll give more stars. Till then keep trying.
Ruined by recent updates
App
Poor app...inbox cannot b opend straight out frm d same app
Ok
brilliant
Otherwise best
Why is taking a long time to get in face book ?  Please fix it! !
very very poor app.. it take so much memory.. ram.. that make my phone going very slow.. unless app
Nice
The pictures on my news feed won't load unless I use data. They won't load at all on WiFi. Fix that and I will give 5 stars.
dunno wat is wrong wid this has bugs, press back button n u go back to top of the page, cant open any link, no notification pop up on phn, best idea wud b to withdraw this app
Mmm
SIMPATICA LA WEAITA
Admin pls make it as I can copy texts also with image...
Its nice
Thusita,433.prasnna
Hot
Facebook
Awesome
Very nice aps
Easy to use FB
Facebook
shri harivansh
Neilzel 22
I like it
Smj
Like
It keeps force closing. I have to go online to access facebook. Fix or i will uninstall.
My Facebook app doesn't work it opens. And if I scroll,like trybto comment or share it shuts down itelf. Ive uninstalled and reinstalled....
I couldn't upload it since an error -24.
The news feed is not the most recent. I have to go find what use to be the standard. Not as engaging and I've used Facebook less as a result.
Like
Why keep updating it when it get worse after updated
It forces the users to upload the Facebook messenger!!!unlike before...return the old version then I'll give u 5 stars...
More user friendly directions would be helpful. So much is learn as you go or hunt and find.
Works fine
Force close
Absolute crap now. I can scroll through afew posts on news feed then it freezes and completely closes Facebook.  Really beginning to wind me up!
Facebook on phone - is a best way to be in touch with friends. Killerfeature for me is synchronizing contacts.
It's eating toO much sPaCe in my memcard!

So far i can only pass two status
I like the update.. just wish they weren't moving messages to the chat app. Just another way to have to download another app.
yahuuuuu
Good
Loved it
Great apps
It wants too much control of my phone
But needs need s little simkin
Skardu
Nice done pal
uto
It is so slow to show the picture...^^
That's good
Always had trubble seeing the pics but no more
Its better than all other
MD JAHANGIR alam
It's kol
Good
Enjoooooy!
Yessss
More mb
Nice
Hebat
Omg i cant even stroll thru my fb page and look at any videos witout my phone freezing up please fix...im so sick of the updates smdh
Like
Nice
Perfect
App crashes more than it loads......locks up your phone.....app asks for a report.....report falls upon deaf ears.....nobody cares enough to fix this app.....sending in reports are useless....FB on a laptop is way better....FB mobile app sucks!!!!!!
Nice
Holy crab update again
Not good
Nice
Please do that as iphone. In iphone i can do a photo comment but for android dont. Please add it. Thanks you!
Good
FB Is taking up too much room. I will have to uninstall It. Please fix this or make It better. Thank you.
Doesn't show most resent at the top they are usually all mixed in together. Statuses are from an hour ago or yesterday.  I would prefer to know what is going on now (today).
Good one for social network.one of the best site to connect with all known people...very nice.....
Npnpisey
Lol, of course we love it!! After all it's Facebook
god day
I love it
I got to have my Facebook! Is good to keep it update!  :)
I really like it
Good
Llll
Great and awesome
Why does it need to ask permission to access my personal info and privacy? Uninstall!!!
It has to be made more good
Allow me to disable location tracking (not just sharing)
Awesome
I love this app
Good
but the online friends column should show all the friends not only the favourites!!!
Though sometimes gets slow on receiving the notifications
Gergam
It gets worse instead of better come on guys get it together
I luv it
Nice
Cun
Would like it more if you could use an secret identity
kemaskini
Good
Love
Excellent
From last two months i couldn't getting facebook attached with my htc blinkfeed.
islam
It slows my phone down, reads and sends sms messages to people when I dont try to. Turns on my camera,mic and location after I turns it off. This fb app is horrible as a nightmare.
Superb first I use to start FACEBOOK from google but now it is easy for me to start FACEBOOK by direct facebook app ....... Love u
Really liking the new update.
Good
It closes itself constantly.
Lovely apps I like this
CHOWDARY KOTESWAR RAO
Works good nice updates
Superb
Fine to me
It's new updated version ... amazing application...
Good
VaH
Fix the bug. On/Off
I like this apps
Ahsan Ali
Absolutely ridiculous , I can't even download the app anymore its says ERROR!!! waste of time ! They should have just left it as it was!
sosal syte
I can no longer send or even check my private messages on my cell phone (Facebook messages). I can only check them on my PC so it may be this app that froze that feature! Thumbs Down !
Update pa more. Almost 200mb occupied space in my storage :)
It is a very good mailing stuff I just loved it and my uncle to
Great way to stay in touch in with family and friends. Great way to meet new friends
Too much lag for a program that's been through so many updates.
Memory Ussage
Koool
Plsss fix this problem, it eat's a lot of memory in my phone storage and my internal memory are only small it takes it all the space plsss fix that prob thanks!
Plzz try to update a copy some sentences from face book to other...
Everytime I browse my news feed it returns to my home menu. Fix it. Im using my galaxy tab 3.0
I like it
Wait for more updates soon
Gud one/))
.
Like
Facebook
F
Get rid of the stupid message notification. I'm not downloading messenger and now I'm stuck with the notification that I have a message and I can't get rid of it.  Very annoying.  If we can't use messages on FB then take it off completely.
blue sky
This app sucks now they are forcing us to download a second app just to msg  people
Return messages into app. This is useless peace of crap is throwing out with every new entrance to a new window.
Why is there no location on posts now,can we gave a fix please.....???
Superb
X
Good app
Love it
Lo mejor
Right

I hate that after the newest updates my news feed is jumbled. I WANT MY MOST RECENT DISPLAYED. I hate the fact that I have to go into settings to view the most recent and it reverts back to the jumbled mess when I shut off the app. I want to be able to view my messages in the app too. Not just from my contacts, but from my 'OTHER' folder as well. FIX THIS GARBAGE YOU CREATED AS AN UPDATE. IT SUCKS!!!!
Every since the last update my Facebook will close if I try to do anything from video to changing screens.
I like facebook
Good
Every few days we have a new update .ok . Great .. but.!!! Those updates are making the app worse more and more  !!!!!!!
I use it to keep up with entertainment, keep up with my show dates and chat with old friends. Awesome app.
Like
Nice
Facebook would be a lot more fun if you could choose which part of the body you'd like to poke. STOP FORCING US TO USE THE MESSENGER APP
Best way to stay updated with long distanced family and friends
Its tooo large space to store the older versoin was good
I like very much
NAYAK SPORTS KARATE-DO-FEDERATION
Ok
Love it much
I'm using its beta version but i can't download this the for a long time as a something is going wrong so i have unsubscribed from other beta program now i megan trying to download it hope it will work this time.
Ggsfwr
I don't want messenger on my phone
naice
Loving it
Awesome
i will be scrowling down my news feed and then BAM. all of a sudden its back to the top. i dont know if its refreshing or what.... but i hate it. i want it to stop.
Exlant
Support sucks and this is nothing more than an intelligence sponge for the NSA. Be careful who you friend and what you read or watch you might just be a terrorist.
This app is great
Always available on home page
Good
Okey
Very cool
Slow, very slow!!! Updates haven't improved speed at all!!!! And still very buggy!
Face book
Hi...
When ur using facebook app it automatically closes down by itself..same goes with the messenger as well.
its just awesome
Give us the recent posts as default
Excellence
Aftr download new version of fb .. why mah phn izz causes hang ...n why I cannot open msg n chttng wid no one els
I can't see no more picture anymore 5 stars again if this is fixed.
News feed update stinks
Love this apps
It keeps cutting off none of my othe apps do this but fb plesase fix asap
Why do video posts appear so big? It should be small thumbnail size. This is the only reason im deleting it
my god ! why you guys forcing us to downdload that app.. it takes a lot of space in my device !' worst ? everytime i use it, my phone is hanging up,sometime it logs..please fix ! so dissapointing ! and also the facebook app,i downloaded it 20.33mb,but when I open and use it,it became 65mb ..sucks !!
Nice app
Good and faster
K
It is just lyk : setting up facebook..... it is not letting me log in ..pls fix dis...wish I cud go back to the last version..
Bring messaging back. One app
Still unable to use app on my phone keeps saying setting up app then freezes and unable to use any other apps until it is uninstalled
Most of time it says Error while connecting after the update
3.5 star
Supper
Perfect!
Very good
Good one
Excelent
Face to Face

Deleted... to much headache.
I miss my feed being in chronological order!! ;(
It's the best social app
I love it
Some errors but still good
Love it
Unlike the older version,the updated version is very slow and always hanging thats why i rate a single star.fix it and i'll rate it again 5 star.
Cant log into games using facebook and news feed shows old stuff
Download it
The previous one was better
Well it has its times but beside that its good
Crappy
It was good but i want more !!!!!!
Ok
Don't understand why u need access to so much of my personal life u wanna control my camera what?? And delete my stuff no and keeps force closing
It's enough for Facebook right now to get a star from me! Every time when I manage my apps, it becomes bigger and bigger! Sometimes like more than 70 mb!!! Isn't it crazy?
This is 100% use full app
Online any time
Easy
I don't know what the developers are doing but they keep making Facebook more and more user UNfriendly. Every time a new story is added you are taken to the top of the feed whether or not your done reading something, the app constantly crashes and becomes unresponsive, you're basically forced to download a bulky messenger app that you may hardly ever use. If I were to be the guy to give you a job review. Based on the negative comments and constant problems with the last few updates there'd be pay cuts
Gray
Yuva
facebook
Myanmar keybord
It's an awesome appppppppppppp
Lol
One step closer to getting rid of Facebook. If I wanted to use messenger, I would already have it
So...cold
Good
Just use the browser for Facebook. This app eats too much space and resources. Whoever made and tested this app are terrible.
Its a fabulous app that connects the world and makes the users come closer.....
Its just extremely slow.
Welcome new
Useful app
A lot of updates! Eats up your phone memory a lot!
Wonderful :)
Very nice
Its good but sucks a lot of memory
No way this app needs to be that large. Make a lite version.
This app always forced close.Please, fix it for older version phone.
I would hv gvn dis ap 5* but due to the hanging nature of dis app
i love it
I do not like how messenger is being forced onto us I don't want it no one does.I will not except updates anymore if need be I'll just leave Facebook altogether so will many others
good
I just don't understand why messenger was taken away from the app? Why do you have to download 2 apps for 1 service?? If I can't access messenger then why will it give me a notification on the regular Facebook app?
Thanks
Nice
Explin
Itz fine to use the new version of this application
Still crap but it'll have to do to get the most of fb functionality :(
Fine
Nice place to enjoy social media and connecting with friends and family that you want to keep in touch with
Its so easy nd simple app ......dis is a gud app fr me nd I am satisfied
Facebook
kenapa kalau saya ingin buka pesan selalu ada iklan messenger, kenapa selalu ada iklan itu?
Superb...fantastic
It has really very fast
High ram app
What wrong with this app since the last update it keeps on exiting . Pls fix it i really need facebook  :(
Make the News Feed shows only the recent post. Not to mention that I got depressed by this piece of crap
I like it
Hi
Khatra apps
Lots of updates...
Good app
4Star
My news feed should be in order of newest to oldest not whatever Facebook thinks it should be.
It is a good app to talk
To see my account
Facebook does not just work... Error loading news feed is very common daily issue even though I use 3G or WiFi. I use moto G. All apps work just fine except Facebook.. Very frustrating...
Why we're forced to install messenger app, user should have option to use it or not, old functionality of chat is already there.. you just hided it after a period, NOT COOL.
Facebook good
Its getting worst,since I update too much hang up
When i open my facebook, it closes automatically after 2 secs... pls fix
Nic 1
Good
Last update is causing shut downs often!
It's cool
Nice
Thanks
loved it
Good
Can't turn off notifications to a post, news feed is all over the place, comments and likes not staying there when leaving the page...I just don't like it. So many things seem to have changed and it's annoying that it keeps changing!!
why being pushed to download the messenger ? I don't want messenger I only want Facebook . And it occupies a big space in my phone. Said twas 20 mb but when I started using it begins to expand.. I hate it. pls fix it or go back to the old version.
Sooooooo goooooood
Have fun
Very low work ...
Friends chat
Love,its..:...
I can't download it in my phone..
Hi
one think i hate about this app is when it forces you to install another fb messager what for? insteady of moving foward these fella are tryin to move backward. come on
What's with this update?
Good

Sucks
Like
Ware loung year
Sad :(
Attttt
Bkwass
muneer
Cool
Vary good  ilove it
Like!!!!
Always crushin
Samsung galaxy y x muat untuk mendownload
What a waste of time won't load any posts or new feed will just use Chrome instead
Remove messenger app. Pls. . . .
Excellent
Pritam
For messenger app just let us use basic messages in this app .
Old Version Beter.....!
The amazing app  Bt launch the new version
5 star
Too much big app..!
App
Pls help Facebook is lag :(
it's so nice
Khan
Bc it occupies a lot of space on my phone and it's very laggy, i tried to uninstall it and reinstall it again but error occurs. So i dont have my facebook app anymore :///
Love this app so much!
I don't want to download the messenger I don't even inbox people Wtf
Love
Something needs to be done.
My favorite app!!!!!
not 2 good
I love Facebook. ... cuz of all the drama
I search to my contacts this app are not supported to search
It's a nice app. Well managed and friendly user.
Sharma
1 star - 0 is not an option
Like it. Thank u Mark
I actually like this app
Fghj
Too many updates. It is over 100MB in my storage and it is always lagging when I open the app it takes a couple minutes to open.
Facebook why push us to download facebook messenger,,, i dont like it at all i think its not me only some user of facebook i think they irritated,,, facebook messenger i dont have privacy at all so for me its not a good idea,,,
Loved it
faster
Eszi
Very cool app so far so good no problem with the Facebook App so far RATE @ A 5 Star App
Nice app
Goode
The Title says it all
I can't use it.What will I do, then?
Wowwwwww
Nana yaw
Can't play videos since last update.
Bianca
It's ok
Dont download .. ver very very very sucks
Ratheesh
Nic
facebook
I like it
All that
I love love love you
Love it !!       It's helps me a lot ..
Close facebook self it and not respon.
Clast of clan
The App auto refreshes on its own but the Web version never does, googled why and it's because they make more $$$ because of it, thank you Facebook for annoying me for your profit.
good
Need to use less ram and leave messanger as is
Great
This app sucks! Everytime i try to navigate away from the news feed the app kicks me off!!
Suru
Loved it
I loved it........!
Can't access messages without installing the messenger. Ok, it maybe convenient using it, but that doesn't mean you should be pushing the users to install it. What exactly are the developers gaining by denying access and forcing users to install another application developed by them, which apparently is supposed to help?? Inconvenient, unprofessional, not cool. Probably it's a good time to consider letting users rate in minus. I'm not using this app again, ever!!!
After the recent update, I keep on tapping the groups in my facebook but it always open the timeline. What happen? Please fix this facebook!
50 time download this
Nice
Vishal
Good
My favorite
Doesnt download and always stops at 78% plz help
Nice
Ganesh manani
Again and again!!! I must download messenger to see my messages ! I DON'T LIKE IT!!!!!!!!
I'm getting notification about other people doing things that are completely unrelated to me and there is no way to disable it. Is this how desperate Facebook is for users?
Latest update make facebook slowly
It has changed so much and I've had more problems with it lately that I don't even get on my laptop to sign in much anymore... I don't understand why people have to change a good thing...
Bubai
Require to more improvement. .
Hope we can see other inbox in this application.
So good!!!!
Have an account will not let me sign in on my tablet
Good
Nike
You know why
Love it
Error 24
Why do i have to download messenger to talk to people wtf!!!!
Helpful
Nice
i get that big apps take up a lot of space, but seconds after i delete the data of this app, 38MB of data reappears out of nowhere.
Fo an older version
facebook is really nice but sometimes fuckkk!!!!
Top most social networks
This software is very good
Ok
This is my best social network ever.Meet old friends,share feeds, keep in touch and mingle
My life my Facebook
Amazing app
I downloaded facebook and it let me on yesterday but today it just keeps shutting down.  I opened the app back up and it just keeps closing. This facebook app sucks. Please fix.
Ok
J
Easy to connect with people & friends
Good can improve
Supe
Yeah it awsome
Very good
Awesome
I had a lot of other apps that I like and used until facebook updates that seems to happen everday. And deletes other apps that I use. Im going to try to reload my other apps if they don't reload because of inefficient space then facebook is gone.
After the latest update I find it hard to log in and everytime I tried to open and scan my home page it stopped:( help!
Good
Yupe good
FB
I couldnt post photos on fb
Nyc app
gud but not verry gooood..../
Good
Jakas app
The fact that I have to download messenger on top of the fact that this app is hige already there is no point and I will be uninstalling immediately
Pictures and videos aren't loading. Can't get the most recent news feed. Don't know what happened but now this app is worthless :(
I've had it on my phone for awhile and it seems to get worse with every 'update'. It doesn't load properly,  will randomly reset to the beginning of the page when I'm scrolling through my feed. I tried to delete it and redownload and it took 4 tries.
Hi
Facebook
Do not do your transaction with facebook. Thank you!
Nice app
The. Downlode iz slow:-(
123456
Very good
So awesome
Love it
Hmmmm....
Supper
Cant play a video on facebook
Won't let me download with new Samsung software. Says error code while downloading
I updated for the last time. I have since deleted this app and fb mgr. I instead use the browser and save the link to my screen. I can message friends, I can do everything I used to do with out worrying about taking up space . I'm a click away from all my friends. People don't need to have a separate app for messenger if you just use the browser.Too easy. Hey the videos actually work now when I click on my news that I follow. The app always froze and took forever to load. What a relief to be rid of this!
Nice
facebook
What upgrade did I get this time because I can't even use the app now.
Lag....freze...so bad..
unable to watch videos keeps saying there's an error
Radhe
Love it
It has got better.
Facebook is a great website.
Mother
Eat so much ram in my gadget.
Simply perfect especially the free call app
Kurang meriah
I'm still  having problems downloading Facebook on my phone. I had it on my phone before. But since the new update.... Nothing! Then I reported it to you and your  reply was you can't recognise my phone. What the.... F..k? This is crap!
Niccccccce
Because chat Work somehow i Dont Need to use another app and  slow chrome xD
It's Facebook, so it's going to be awful!

Great.
ZTE V768
Sangat memuaskan ...thank
Loved It
This stupid app freezes at least 6 times per day. And several times per day it just shuts off. Wtf?
Bad
Love it xx
Cooll
Alifaila
My news feed is out of order by the time of posts! I see posts from like, 14 hours ago, 5 hours ago, mostly video shares but my news feed is up to date/refreshed! Fix.
Totally useless....
I like it
Ithu enoda friendsalam 1na join panuthu rompa santhosama irukum photos share panika easya iruku my old friends elloraiyum naa thirumpa adanjutean i am happy
Not bad
Selo dodi@gmail,com
Fast to connect with friends, family, relatives.
Very nice app
The app says I have a notification but when I open it there's nothing. Please fix this.  Its very annoying.
Good.
So, the app is horrible, not big news. It is still functional somewhat, but why in the world do I see "Facebook for Windows Phone" as one of my installed Facebook apps within my very Facebook app on my android phone? I don't own a windows phone. How is that even possible? It's driving me crazy. I cannot get rid of that thing at all. And when I 'click" on it it opens the "news feed" of my android Facebook app. WTF?
Awsome features
It's doesn't work on kitkat
very good
Super
Great apps!!!!!
Very good
Made it easier
Very good Apps messenger
Hahahahax
Best 4 me
Constantly hangs up.Have to close app and restart it.Samsung Galaxy S4
Does everyone notice. They build them bigger. Why you may ask? To force us to keep buying new electronics to keep up, dont be fooled. They all work together. It's part of the plan to get YOU AND ME to buy upgraded modern electronics. Go through your device and delete all the crap you don't use, or can live without and save on the enviroment. PS, or give it to an electronics recycler like me. Ill take it for free in western Colorado
when i play video it goes to full screen mode and video gets paused while audio being kept playing in background. Decreasing or increasing the volume resumes the video but just for one second and then the video again gets paused. I am using LG-E970
Acharan
You suck! Stop forcing us!
The best
The latest update scrambles your news feed and you miss posts if you're not a regular facebookee.
Cool
App keeps crushing...wtf is wrong
Easy way to express your feeling
The link of continue reading will open the comments!
Facebook
loved
Completely hooked
New updates suck..... keeps freezing and automatically closing. Fix asap pleaae.
Crashes frequently..  :(:(
Superb
Not working up loading photos
Penting untuk saya
best
Good
My news feed doesn't update by most recent. I also get notifications of friends adding photos when I'm not following them or anything. Gets really annoying.
Loved it
Very nice.........
So good
What's goin on
since this last update my account won't log out successfully through my phone and won't let me in as message pop up says session expired log in then throws me out the fb app. WHY?!
Ok
Chafekar
gud
Lenovo S650
Someone hacked my fb now I can't get into my site even with new passwords. I'm VERY upset.
This latest update sucks.   Can't see comments,  and news feed won't refresh.   Please fix.
Good
Goood....
Terima Kasih Oh
It takes to much ram and memory. To many permissions
Good
Not to upload
This is ridiculous to force a download that you don't even want.  Please stop messing with the app.  Shouldn't have to have something you don't want.  Smh.
Its not gd
Not intarest
samran khan
I log in , then the app hangs with a blank screen save for the thumbnails then shuts down. I tried updating but no use. It also looks like I've lost all previous posts and likes. Get it to work again pls.
In present time electronic media communicationn is best &FBI is best for mobile Person.
I like u
I cant download it because it so big
After updating my android, i can't install it
J J F...
I dont have enough space to download two apps that can be put into one -.-
I love it
it keeps on force closing. i can't even sign in my account. I want the old version of this app. And please lessen the app size. Please do have a lite app for facebook.
dawnlod
Can't download ,
Facesbook
Nice
Venusvision
I used to like this app alot but with all the updates i am really getting started to hate it keeps freezing up and login me out please fix the problems thanks
Now that the videos play on there own basically, my phone freezers constantly while trying to scan my feed. Very frustrating.
My facebook is a mess :/ first the messenger wont even open n i cudnt access my msgs...had to uninstall n install another app for msnger....now fb keeps crashing after few seconds :/ :@ i cant post anything in 1 go...fb wud crash and i ll have to open it again n then post my stuff......boringgggggg
It is so good
Tidak berkenaan
Wtf with this app. 80mb in use Please fix it
I use to love FB until they try to force you into using their messenger app. Now they're just bullies. I have text on my phone I don't need or want messenger. I shouldn't be forced to have this app for an occasional private message 
Nice
I cant log out frm fb messanger
It is already 3 hrs. still, cannot download. Too tired to wait!
Suprb..
Super
Ok
For  Samsung grand quatro i8552.good
Version 2 rocks!
Much slow
nice
Smart world
My news feed is never current.  I used to be able to save a photo from  my phone but I can't now.
Open account45436
Nice
Kindly fix...and also why everytime  i sent messages..it cant be seen directly to the receiver??even if online..kindly fix...i will give you 10 star..
Update made it so I can't login. Keeps saying authentication failed. Website works fine app doesn't work at all
Awesome
I jus luv dis app <3
Facebook
:-(
Wow....I.loved it so much
Good job
Love it..
Faadu
Hate force using messengrr
Becoz of this app!
Lol
My newsfeed won't load!? And I am connected to wifi!
Since I created a new account I can't like any pages that I'd like to keep up to date with
Baswass
Its gud.
Good .i loved it
Excilent   but the apps is big size problem to carry on other device fix it
Super
Good application and always improving
Like
<3
Nice
For andriod phone
My name is sourav kumar      .........
nice to say sume body  to miss you
Very excelent
Slow, More space n time consuming
Kumar
Barely usubale before being dumped unceremoniously back to my home screen without any error message. Very poor.
Great
If  some one send us  anyone link we open the browser to open plz update it to open id's link on facebook app
Very nice app
Fb
Good
awesome app
Face  book
This is very useful app!
fabouls
This Facebook style is better I like it
Takes to much space, forces you too have it and messenger on your phone. And it also constantly force closes.
Good
Not really as good as the previous version but is some how better
KGood
When a link in FB is clicked, that opens the browser, the news feed needs to stay put. I shouldn't end up at the top of "most recent" when I hit back from the opened link. I should end up back at the link in my news feed. This appears to be an issue on my Moto G, but not my S3.
:)
It has stopped. I redownloaded  & reinstalled it many a times but its not getting open, its just showing fb has stopped.
Freezes up closes cant do nothing with this new app   need a fix    this one sucks. You really need to do something bout this app, cant share, cant go to watch videos, nothing works.
Easy to find all friend
I love this app ... I open only my facbook in laptop and now I play this app now in my tablet ... Thank you who create facebook..
Its getting stuck for my samsung galaxy s
I can easy view all them features after i update...
Touch 1 to 1
Love it
Facebook download
Love
Keep up with your family even if you live far apart
Jakkaass
It's been awesome using it
Nice I lb it
Good....
Its awesome
It keep me surfing always.we wll mary soon wth facebook
I have no qualms for the app except for being forced to use the messenger. First the messenger has issues for asking alarming permissions. Then second, the messenger app is just lousy and bland. Do not force users to use messenger. Do that and I will give you 5 stars.
Excellent
What happened to Facebook when viewing the pictures start hanging. 
Good
It is the best
Very Good
Vinod dixit
Always hang up
Yes ..that's it
Safwan , amirol , usamah , irfan
Ol
all the best
d messengee is so annoying
Weak
Nice app
Keeps interrupting my tablet with Storage notifications and when I killed it from the Manager it uninstalled itself.
After my system upadte i couldn't download this.  I dnt knw why..   Plz do some thing.   I realy want to Use this application...   It always says incompatible update
Ultimate app
Since the new update and the one before it. The recent option for lookibg through your newsfeed doesn't load properly. It goes from 11 minutes ago and then jumps to 6 hours ago. I want to see what happened in between there, fix it please!!!
lenovo S820
Mive
I can't see pictures clearly.. fix it
Nice
Mukesh thakur
Nice
Boos
Good
I can't log in
Inwi
Salu
Smart
Am verry happy to am using the Facebook
Vary good
Forcing us to download measenger app. ><"
After the last update I can't open it that's why I uninstall it.  And now I'm trying to install it again but it said error. How come I can't install it again?? Fix this pls...
Gud one
Nice cool app                                                  Praveen Mariyal Natarajan
Ya its good app but askinh for more updates. .It should be stopped. .
LOL APP NEEDS MASSENGER TO CHAT.....
Make a "simple version" of FB and messanger for the people that really don't want this stupid app, but need to stay in contact with people and don't want it running their life's for them.
Dialogue
When replying, it won't let me link the person who I want to reply to unless they're on my friends list. On my computer however, it does let me link, like their name would pop up. Please fix. Thank you. Update 9-16-2014 - News feed keeps scrolling back up by itself...
It's best to friends and we r friend talk in Facebook I was think it's best love it <3 <3
This oke face book
Facebook app good for ur pleasure
Everytime I update this application it consumes too much space and RAM. And the timeline update is very late.
It help me to do a shortcut to it

i rather use fb in my pc

No app can't beat this thing
Always foreclose and not corresponding
Please update for xperia E1 2005
I cant download it why ?
Great great apps.tnx
Please Problem In New Feed
Permissions invade privacy too much
Force close anytime i search for someone! ! Fix glitch!
This app is not working like it used to be before... it closes everytime i try to open it... pls fix... n i can't change my pro pic... like wtf
DIPAN
I dont want to install many app...so please fix it...
Umm
He asking me to install messanger
M
Loved itttttttttt
Facebook
Best thing in my life by far
Ok
Cool
not working without messenger
Slow downloading
Nice one there
Awesome
Great
Poor app. Prefer iPhone version.
Ki bos2
Annoying at times after updates
nice app but would be better if privacy concerns are addressed
Don't miss
No one can beat Facebook
It's a place where I can go to keep in touch with my friends and family.
VGood
Docisl
good
Nice
Nice app
S.D.S Collage jalalpur
The only boring part is that we have to forcefully use the messenger!!!
Greay workinG app
Good good
Very nice
I like the new update
It keeps shutting down and it's slow. Needs to be updated
Fndd
k
Best
Kkkk
Facebook keeps freezing then cannot find apps
Amazing!!!!
Nice social service and its easy to use
Ziaullah
Please compatible the facebook home launcher on any android jelly bean please!
So much memory
Because its nice to see my friends
better than uc browse fb
Exxellent
Good but very slow
Best;)
I want the newfeed to show the most recent posts,,Not most liked/Random.Its like the posts are being showed from 23Hrs to 5 minutes to 2 days,I really want it from the most recents TY
Connecting friends..... I love it
I mean seriously 2 Facebook apps come on aint nobody got time for that brink the messages back because why include that stupid facebook messenger and that new app is just a virus SO DELETE THIS APP AND DOWNLOAD TO TWITTER!!!!
My old posts aren't showing on my own wall/profile.  The only way I know for sure something was posted was by looking at my comments in my activity log.
Hmmm
Log in error....plzz fix...
Ok lang siya?!
I love this Facebook
Nice one
So much faster
its awesome
Many problems comes using it most of time it stops working
no space on my phone
Awesome
It sucks worse with each update
I just don't want to download facebook messenger but its forcing me to download otherwise its not showing the messages.
Superior
I jsd love it
Lately, I've had issues with links to websites. When I click on it, it goes to the internet, but the page doesn't show up.
Hello
always says error loading news feed
I love the facebook but it takes alot of time to download . When it reaches the 70 it gives me error. If it will not give me error i will give 5 stars
Veery Bor app
Why do I get a notification for someone adding a picture!!!!  Have tried 10 times to turn it off!! Really starting to hate Facebook!!!!
It takes for ever to load..everytime i want ti login it will say force to close..then would take FOREVER.to do the setup bullshit.
The developers have to know by now that everyone wants to sort their newsfeed by most recent. It was bad enough when that was not the default but now they have taken that option away altogether, and the default is not top stories, it's just scrambled. How can anyone manage an account like this?  I can't believe the developers ever use this software.
Renz karl Quisora
I liked fb new vartion..
Bat
GoodWork ..
After the update i Cnt open  my inbox.
Good
Arhan

Too bad :))
It's OK, but it keeps filling up my phone storage and i have to clear all the data from it. It goes up from 22 MB to 85.34 MB. And its crazy!
The fact I can't see the most recent stories made this app unuseful...
I love fesbook
Vicky
Update/change profile picture without losing likes... please add this feature...
Hate it whenever I log into my acc it always pop up that sync.
I like this Application
Wow amazing
DAN SHITU
I love Facebook because I can communicate others
Invalid URI???
Dtj
Self Explanatory!...
Unethical permissions
Very nice
It is effective yet costly downloading and updating,can the concern eliminate the charges or give a clear legal framewok on usage.
Excellent
I h ate this application in android!!! Everytime i open the fb aplication turns hang and never open fb!!!! Fix it!!!! As of now i am installing it!!!!!!
After i download it is longing and stoping
Hey I can't see my number of friends n dis......
better  than  ever
Best
When I unfollow anyone, after some time again I will get posts from unfollowed person. Its really irritating
Quick Sharing
Love the facebokk
I already do many times to update. but it always said Error 492. please fix.
80%of the time this app won't refresh when pulling down. This is really frustrating especially combined with the video playback problem on the xperia z2. The web page is actually way more reliable than the app.
Pyar bo Pyar lo
App randomly shutsdown while trying to use it on galaxy tab 3.
Im happy to use this social media
It is good effort but when I start chat with my friends I need to install sperat a facebook messenger?
Enjoy & save time ......
Most used Social media app
God is one
V.good
Consumes lots of ram so uninstalled it,......for smartphones having less ram than 1gb, please be far from this app...... But cool app,.....
I like it....
5 star. if only facebook added an dislike vote button.. Me really hates some posts to the max...
$$$$//
Bh
Palime
A unicorn emoji would be nice...

Raju@123
Gooooddd
For me its slow . ..
Why does facebook app need just about every os permission? Data collection gone mad. Truly terrifying! Make a simple app!
Good social network
Fantastic
Very good work
Liked it too much
Rating
Excellent per
Nice
Wow
Not bad
Nihal24144
I like face  Book
Nagav k d
I luv this app
better than last one
Kolsom
This app kept freezing my phone and having to restart my phone in order for it to function properly.  Needs improvement!
Good quality

Like it
.....?
Thanks
Excellent platform
Very good
Won't install,errorI message about incompatible update,I'm trying to. Install the app,why o why can I install messenger. But not Facebook...not happy
Bit thirsty on phone battery and memory but otherwise fine. .
Since the update I can't see any pictures.
With the lots of update the apps now eat a lot of phone storage that makes your phone slow.
Very nice
Add option to paste text for status updates
nice to connect with diffrent people from world
Good
So after updating these past few updates, gotta say I'm not that pleased. Sure I'll use Facebook to connect with others, but I find myself moving elsewhere like G+ like more of my friends are doing. For one I'm not forced to download a secondary app to message others, I don't have have to allocate ridiculous amounts of space for it. Not to mention the ram needed to keep it running in the background. It doesn't matter how much we complain about how bad these updates are, they simply don't care.
It is usefull
It is very easy to use but it creating some problem to log in
Khaleelbj
Love it
Its really a cool app!!!!! But it force me to download facebook messenger...
After i update, storage of my phone got full... tsk!
Need This App...
na
Overall gud.
Mark
Too much slow app pLs fix it
Hardev
Likyou
C
Use ful
facebook
More improvement
Love it
Stop begging me to download the massengger..ni dh kira mnzalimi hak rakyat kowt...
Great
need we say anymore?
Ok
great
Kk
Golden
Ok
Forcing me to use messenger... bt i wnt lik messenger... because no logout option
I connt download the app
Ok
Mi sembra impossibile che non si riesca a condividere un evento!
I'd say this once again before I uninstall this app. WHY I/WE have to install the messenger app?? It seems like I have been forced to download it (and it also seems you don't  even care about our complaints). This really offensive. I am so done with you, Facebook.
Everytime i try and do anything but look i get kicked off cant post, comment, like nothing please fix
Can't use it closes all the time
malaki ang puke..
Not a bad app
Nice
Wow amazing app
Great for Fun
Very poor according 2 me we can not upload pic own
Absolutely piss poor app. I have people in my chat bar that aren't even on my friends list. You can not search a group or page. Half the time using the app it's not possible to like a status. Half the time you try to open a notification it opens up 0.facebook or m.facebook at some error page, contacted administrators with a reply looking unlikely. Overall, for one of the most used Internet sites in the world, I would expect an app that at least reflects the popularity. This is pretty second rate stuff.
Noor jasmen
Is update k bad mera Facebook bohat slow ho gaya or atak k chalta hai plz fix it other wise i delete you 1 star i give you.
Wow
It some time hang nd not respond quickly......
After the recent update I'm still unable to get notifications on my phone after turning on Data Connection. Anyone can help?
All time fav social application
Very gud
APP is fine. But as I am in China, even with a VPN, I can't use many features
Good
I love facebook
Facebook is very slow
Hi every body l am in new in your face book...
It so fast
Excellent
I can't install a error occur during downloading
Good
Go to world one way
Vvvvvvvvvvvv . Good
So good
I have a useless Galaxy S3 Mini and can't even download the update. Why so many big updates? So annoying.
You will never leave this apps for life
Worst app ever i cant log in easily it takes soo long to launch very poor app please fix this otherwise i ll have to uninstall this app
I don't want to download messenger which is taking a lot of space.
Good aap
Y Like This, Secound change need to wait 60day so long time, wanna easy to change name
it is very nice app


Loved..
i can't believe its facebook official app  omg . disgusting poor quality apps
..UGLY.  It's not even matched to the resolution of my N5!
Nagar
Hruaitluangi
Love this
Time script is off base of notification is late by _5 minutes. Delay and support is really bad. My recommendation is just use private or just for one not a great multi-app user  friendly. Ps Etc SS spam and bad download upgrades 2x over the max on my GS5 and older sync GS3 lite
Superb
I tried to update my status with a PIC and tagged a few people, when I pressed post, it was loading the post onto Facebook and then it thru me out of the app, every time I try loading the app, on loading it closes on showing the timeline for 1 sec!!!! Get it sorted Facebook with your constant updates 110 times every week
S
I love it.
Love it
Its crap. My news feed is all over the place not showing latest 1st. It takes time to load. Just put it back to how it 1st was and leave it alone
Leaving facebook
Cool app
Not bad
9601121
Super
Ok
App is constantly freezing up since most recent update.  Especially when you hit the back button.  Galaxy Note 3
Excellent
Please help me. When i am connected to my wifi the profile picture of friends are not visible. Plesse fix the bug
after update the latest version I cannot play any video clip.
Good
Holy crap this facebook thing got annoying. Messanger is wack and buggs the crap out of my freinds and i, plus it uses sooo much data i literally go past 3 gigs in 13 days . Thinking about deleting
I liked this app very much. This is the best social app for communication with your family and friends if you are outside of your country or in other places. you can easily upload pics and videos. This is the best app i have ever seen.
Now itss too gud
Please fix the bug where the news feed randomly updates, returns me to the top, and changes the order of things. I'll be reading something, and then, out if nowhere, lose it forever! FIX IT!
Best service
Good
I hate ............   .     .........
Its always crashing. It keeps booting me off before im done.
Jhakass.....
Awsum
Since most recent update the app keeps bombing out for no reason, most commonly when trying to share posts or opening comments. Really frustrating. Another suggestion might be to also bookmark where you left the news feed last so as to use it as a starting point for next time.
Thanks
Can't keep up with news feed .....an I didnt approve update it did it on its own will be deleting soon
Kindly find solution to this improper situation. I have been logged out of my contacts for days now. This is unfair!
Its getting stuck for my samsung galaxy s
I like this app.
I miss my wife, my love, my family
Whew
Atrix 4G
bbm
Some error in Facebook  isn't responding  show message Hung my phone
Deva
I love Facebook
Bad
Love it
It good for connecting people
I like soooooo much
Nyc app
Stupid
Its not workinag
It is fast than it used to be thanks for updating
Ok good
App
Gud app but have some with speed its very slow please fix this and bugs
.... I guess its for the best, I spend too much time on Facebook anyways. Thanks facebook, you're a real champ! :-)
Stop forcing us to download messenger. I prefer my own message app. It should be an option, not mandatory. The only way I can communicate with my friends is through one of their comments. I'm about to Uninstall and get on board with a new social media app. FB has gone too far and I refuse to be controlled!
Nice app
This app is soo waste.... warest... app...
I use it every day
Okay....
Is very good
its really fun
Feeling good.
My life book
Str OCt10
Gsper
Will not allow me to post video on my status or in messenger.
Why I can't install it again? What happened to facebook? It keeps on hanging. Please fix this problem please? Thank you.
New updates have caused my app to freeze. Please sort out urgently
erorr 24 cant install sgs4
Its ok...fast to log in
After move to mesengar its too bad
Very nice
FACEBOOK
Have had to disable fb, updates have destroyed it, very intrusive and messanger is even worse. What gives them the right to have access to my whole phone!
I am in LOVE
After the recent update, my news feed is not the way it used to be where it used to be most recent but now, it is just jumbled up. Also eats a lot of ram on my phone and my battery does not last the whole day anymore! It used to last the whole day for me. Please please fix this issue that everyone else has been having as well!!
Good
Ok
Can navigate on my fb, too slow and refusing to display contact
Application is Huge
It is ok but suddenly after the last update it start to hang up alot and become unresponsive. And today it also logs out on it's own. I hope you can fix this bug, i report it a lot of times this day and still problem persists... seem alot of people wants the older version, it is far better than the updated one!!!!
L
Can't get back to news feed when I click on a photo. It just stays on image. Had same problem w messenger so uninstalled. Pls fix
When I download it it says installing then says incompatible update
Just use Chinese phone -> imo raptor
App
Yo
I really like it
Chat function stays logged in when you close the app. Conversations stay open after you close them. Messages don't display after certain no. Exceeded. Really unstable on galaxy tab 3. Closes unexpectedly.
Three times and still can't download if you don't fix it I'm going to 3
D'best
Super
I'm impressed
¡è¡è¡è¡è
It isa good macenjar it uplod poto vedio  and sms send to friend s   ....i like this apes
Can't install it .always shows some unknown code error
Doesnot work with xperia z after update
Keep trying to log in and it shows as if I'm logged in, but then says "error loading news feed, tap to reload." Do so, then it says my session has expired and I need to log back in. So I try to log in and the same thing ends up happening! So if I uninstall the update also, the "Most Recent" section doesn't exist! Fix this problem please! I hate Facebook Mobile right now. Ugh! :c
Facebook
Would give this 5 stars but you can't sync ur contacts with Facebook anymore. Gladly give it 5 stars once this is fixed
Manek
I can't log in,fix it
The new Facebook format, is a lot more user friendly. But the message, that keeps coming up on my phone about installing the separate messager is annoying. The separate messager messes up my phone.
Have to uninstall and re-install to get it to run and also refresh needs to be fixed getting tired of doing this
This app booty
Very gud...
Reddy
Installed Facebook easily but it is not starting . I am going to give the worst reviews for this nonsense app
Nice
I  like it bt it is saying that download messenger also

Uninstalling Facebook right now my phone hang always because of Facebook mb every update
I have thousand photos on my device, it's so difficult to me when i search, scroll it down more and more again for a 1 images :/ [Lenovo P780]
awesome
Sales Manager
Lv t
Photo sharing and chatting
It's ok
Loved it

Too invasive
It's really great.... progress has been made
It is very workable & nice feature
Crap messenger. Please don't force us to stop using fb android because of your that slow and high space messenger :/ by am uninstalling fb :p
I can't install
This space is very goodd
Good application for us
Gaint
Good working
Ok
It's very nice app
First I try
I like  this app
The app is so big and it is ridiculous that Instagram is able to be downloaded to the SD card but not Facebook. I always uninstall! Please change this!
Low signal
I like google com
Nice
Ram, CPU, and storage hog.Crashes and cause other apps to crash. Still cannot SHARE posts in a private message.
Other than everytime u logun it wants u to install th f/b messager wuch im not doing and now my simple candy crush and farm hero games won't connect whats up with that oh well f/b sucks dog terds!!!!
Copy/paste should be working on facebook news feed..  Also the comments should be organised into replies just exactly like in web version.. and the number of shares would be helpfull.. thank you.
Good social saftwere
Video player doesnt work at all.
Keeps kicking me off after I watch a video, & audio is off track the second time you rewatch.
This is a great App for quick updates and "Facebook" games... But Forcing us to use messenger is infringing on our privacy choices..  I'v read the fine print...
Great app love it
bo
Mesra
App constantly freezes and force closes on an S5 from ATT. Wtf
Good download good work
Nothing works.
Errorr.. i can't log in..
Slow
Cool
Thanks
Needs to not take up all the space on my phone
Amat membantu sekali.
S'ok
It's ok
It's OK
Excellant
Like it nice
Every month it needs relogin pls fix this bug..
Fortin
Mr
yes
It is sow beautiful...
Good
Nice
I love it....
Forces me to unstall Messenger app
Good social site
Used to work downloaded it now it won't open just crashes tried to reinstall same thing. Really bad
I like use fb
Error.. error.. error.. for how many months more..?? you'd better leave it..
For an ledar app
Good but error n long loading tym
Rly awsme
Poikl
When I log into Facebook it freezes and it takes me back to my title menu and I uninstalled the app but it still does the same thing
Ye
Like bloke are everyday. Plz fix it .
Very nice
Horrible
I liked it.
Laggggggggggggggghgghhhgggggggggggggggggggggghghhgggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggghhhghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggg
Crash and make other apps crash: Hay Day, CoC.....
I give you 4 stars back, at least you guys hear complaints and make the message usable again
Download
No good apps
Would rate 5 stars but has lag issues from time to time. Other than that, great app.
I enjoy site it uses extra data sometimes you have to stay on top of it
Terbaik
All recent post on mobile and computer. Started this today.
verry good
IT IS WORKING TOO SLOW......
moe sat aung
Niceeee 1
Excellent
Easy n more convenient to detect status
Not good
Excellent
Best
It uses 40 mb then makes my phone slow. You should decrease the space.
Perfect
please fix the accurate date abd exact time on chat...
Love is  my life
Love it
Forcing to download messenger
Its fun. That why I like it much!
Not working properly always exits.. bam! App
Whats happening facebook;(
Forced to updated messenger so I can get my private Facebook messages while using my cellphone. Worst thing I could do, it keeps freezing my phone, as if I have a virus. So not happy Facebook, so I uninstalled your app.!
thank
Nice...
I can see my relatives and talk to them all over thr world
Complete invasion on privacy as it has access to all your phone content, can record videos and pictures of you without knowing, can alter any information on your device, make calls/msgs and read all incoming stuff. NOT NECCESSARY.
Thx  4 fixing it
Average
It won't let me install it so please fix or I will probably delete my facebook
It is fast
I like it very much!!!
Samsung Tab3 10.1.. Just updated and now when I click on a friends profile it shuts down the app. Please fix.
Easy to use
App used to work fine. Had to uninstall due to kicking me out when i would try to share a post or make a comment.  Also did not get  recent news feed and would take me back to the top of news feed afterI wouldlook at something in the browser very frustrating.  Please fix.
Very hard
beg you to make the new system and abolish the limited like!! Bloody pool!
Kinda amusing
Ever since the lastest update and right after being forced to doenload messenger, fb is freezing constsntly and messenger keeps shutting off!!  I just uninstalled fb and reinstalled it and hope that might fix the problem. Very frustrating!
Murali
Wtf . . . Reallx doesnt work !!!!!
Lately facebook won't let my account load pictures or videos that others or myself have uploaded to Facebook, please help me with this problem
It never updates, keeps saying error loading news feed and I can never see pictures, I use WiFi connection which is good so this shouldn't be happening.. Not a happy camper
My Facebook app alway close by itself when I visit any Facebook page.
Good
Single
Its realiy good
Found family i hadnt been in touch for over 25yrs...thank you
Its really not bad
I open it says the facebook isn't responding I don't like this app
Good
What is going on Facebook? This app always freezes after the last update, including the Messenger app. I hate it!
Like
Talking
Please fix it.
Excellent
Ok
I can't making my log out .
It has a lot of problems, notifications, instant messaging, commenting, too many bugs that I don't want to deal with.
Ok
Aung
Since the last update, every time i get on it and try to select something it closes. Thought it was me at first but now im uninstalling. Fix now!
the last update crashed every 5 minutes and automatically jump back to the top of my feed if there was even 1 new story. This one better work better or I'll just uninstall and use fb in the browser.
Chat
Babi puki anjing kimak sial bodo binatang x leh nak bukak porn sial lu..aku nk tengk blue pun x leh
I love it
Love
Real sweet
I like facebook
Hm
Very useful.
What the hell are you playing at?  If it ain't broke don't fix it!!!!!  Update us back to the version that works please     :-/  seriously.... months and still it keeps crashing! FFS!!!
Fast and esey used
Frankly i dont feel facebook needs access 90% of what it asks for.... I like facebook but the app and messenger are ridiculous!
Slow
I cant log in!!!
Awesome app ever.
Plz done
Facebook is now encouraging me to not click on any link from a friend or page because when I do and then click back to Facebook I have to start all over from the very top of the newsfeed. This hasn't been fixed yet!
Zuleikhakhaleel 123emilcon
Love Facebook
Good
This does nothing the mobile site doesn't do (except access my personal address book).  A-buh-bye!
Facebook just automatically uninstalled in my phone.When trying to install, Unknown Error Code -110! GREAT!!
When your changing your account there need to be a back button. Instead of it taking you back to what you just change.
Facebook snoops and takes audio and video of things going on around you and sells the information.
For the most part its okay, the only thing i hate is that it will start crashing randomly and ill have to restart my phone. Not okay facebook. You need to worry about the quality of the app before you add more stuff we dont need.  Update; app has stopped working completely, crashes every time i try to open it. I have even tried restarting my phone and still nothing.
Good
Nice brouzer..
Well I tried to make a Facebook and it wouldn't even let me sign in
Setelah di update, tidak bisa lagi melihat berita terbaru, mau update status juga susah banget, ayolah... Kembalikan kecepatan seperti dulu lagi.
Nice apps
connect
nice
The
This is better just love it
Hate the fact that I need to download Facebook messenger just to send messages. I DO NOT want that app on my phone from everything I've heard about it
Nice app
Falta privacidade quando metendo fotos, apenas no PC da
why its so slow when i login ?
It's alright
"error loading news feed" keeps popping up and im seeing the same feed from teo days ago. Nothing wrong eith my internet i can do everything else and im still getting comments and stuff. But the news feed wont work
Worst play store
Since last update this app stops working and goes back to my homepage on my galaxy tab 3
Its been a week now and im STILL unable to Connect with the game Candy Crush!! What is going on!? How do I fix this!? Who do I contact!? So Annoying!!
Won't let me download the app and keeps wasting my data and won't download on wifi fix it you!
Thanks A lot for this update.     This update brings to me exactly what i was looking for :) last few updates wasn't useful. But now it's good. Thanks again for your hard job (y) waiting for your next magic.  ;)
Me
Very slow loading of page
The new upgrade is unstable. If I could I would give it no stars at all.   It opens post on its own. It jumps all over the site. It has my phone opening an closing app. Some apps I can't use. My main screen moves from screen to screen on its own. Need to fix this asap!!! I have to shut down my phone to get it to stop being unstable.  It's getting out of hand.  NOT HAPPY WITH THE UPDATE.
Just make it the way it was
Horrible
Why fb team not allowed tht
Please  fix it
Its an OK social media good to communicate with other ppl...
Its nice
Werrdd Rachana  Fddtged
Its good
Mack
Excellent app
love it
We can also call from here like a free call so i loved it
It only lost my mb &can't installed always insufficient space on device,I don't like this
Always update with people are know.
I love fecebook
Keeps crashing after update
Hernandez
I love fb
I cant ever get videos to play. And i hate getting all the comments on my news feed of everyone just because i comment on something.
Awsome
Funny
its always saying force stop.      fuckin crap
Gr888
this is good
Niesoe
Usually do not give the updates and hanging
I loveeeeeeeeee facebook
Delilah Borden@ Gmail,com
It stops working after every minute.That's so annoying
As an application head lign is perfect . But unfortunately it has a serious secret propaganda which work with lucifers zionist and the conspiracy
Keeps freezing and force closing randomly
Was fine before, after a recent update the photos and videos don't load and things freeze up alot now
I can't tell if I like facebook or not. I mean I guess I do so I can keep up with people I don't see hardly or who live far away. One of the features that I really do not like is the fact that we can't delete groups/feeds of friends, especially those that I never wanted or put on my profile.
Think
All it does is freeze up and every 5 min it force closes
bole to full time pass bavaa
Too slow app
4 updates later and my app still randomly closes down or has error come up and force close
Awesome
Each and every thing availible on this app so easy to reach
Wow
Fast
Is never work good
Good
Very useful ..All time Classic
nisawa tuu
Master of disaster
Not bad
Its greatest on mobaile lol
Membuat segala maklumat
Commander
Veri loved il
Amit
XDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
Even with 2gb ram when I open facebook it suddenly not responding even click to see who is online on chat bar.
Funcionando normalmente
S
Lovely
Best app ever next to snapchat
Why
very good program
Ry
Best app ever
Good
Why after the last update cant log in ??
It's go of
I don't want a separate app for messages. Will use the web page instead. Uninstalled.
Thanks
Why does it keep activating my camera . Do i have to hang curtains off my phone. Pervy feckin app uninstalling. Facebook = Yawwwwwnnnn
Good
This is doing my head in can only type like 2 letters messenger closes also Facebook won't stay open how do you fix this before my phone goes through a window grrrrr
Couldn't use the Facebook app after the update.
Easy to get. ..
Collects too many information
Awesome
My friends
waguan
Nice
I had to delete it because nothing would load, now it wont reload... not very happy!
Need to much info
Love the dependability
Very good secoil net works
Why nee messenger for chat ???
I like how your crappy app updates by itself and throws you back to the top..... Like seriously, you guys make how much money? And can't fix this?
The older version was Gud..this version made me feel that im in 1980s or below...Very bad appearance.. Im disappointed with ur latest updation..pls tell me how can I undo the updation
I could not be more unhappy about an app! I am infinitely displeased by the fact that I am being forced to use an app that I am otherwise happy with. I have used it in the past and liked it, but now that I am being forced to install an app that is completely unnecessary, I am very, very agitated! Please, I beg all of you, leave a comment expressing your displeasure with being forced to install an app for something that used to work fine! Show Facebook you are not just another tool!
Bugs bugs i hate bugs
Nice app
its taking much more time.
I accidentally deleted my Facebook and now I have tried to add it back and it gave me the error 24 code.....can y'all please figure out what you got going on
Can not login with this up date
It's really annoying that you'll be scrolling through the feed and it refreshes and scrolls all the way to the top. When you watch videos it does the same thing. I also don't like how it shows everything your doing to everyone. There should also be an option for you to share videos/photos with a few people you want. Hope you guys at Facebook are really trying to improve!
Rockin Rollin
I love this app so much
" I Like it"
(Y)
I am hateing Facebook right now because I cannot get into any of my games will Its not connect to Facebook don't know if it's the games on Facebook but yeah I'm tired of it........ If it does not get fixed I will be deleting games and Facebook...........
likewise me
Vow
It logged me out, then says my password is incorrect! I reset it but still shows password is incorrect! What the f*ck!!!
Social
MONJU
Someone tell me. How  can I m download a video from Facebook new version.
After I updated my phone I am not able to install fb back :(
Sweeeeet
Good example
Easy to operate by this application.
Love d new look
Gue
Facebook
Brubaker
Loved it
Sangat baik ,untuk perhubungan laman Wed,
The pictures on my news feed won't load at all.
Shouldn't need to use Messenger
Finally awesome!
I like
Very good
Facebook expecting me to install Messenger... No thanks. I will be uninstalling all Facebook owned apps.
Can't watch video suddenly app close. Need to fix it
Since the last update everything has gone nuts. All is says is loading, error messages ! Was working better before the update. This sucks!!
Keep up with friends , news
Wow just might all of our friends
No sirve .sienpre que quieero bajarla me aparese otra persona .
Okish
I dont like that it constantly keeps telling you to log in with your other apps. First anoy me to log in with FB with other apps **no like it*** then I have to soqnload another anoying app to read messages with freaking anoying bubbles that pop up on screen??  Easy up on that dushes.
Me in my friend
I am so sick and tried of updates, money   money. ?.data data
Facebook
Please make it fast us u can
But it is not installed in my phone it says 919 code error
Good working in My sony xperia phone....
Love f.b
316
G
Awsm
Keeps freezing
Of load and lots of mb that my phone cant take that load..
I lov fb
Nice
App
I use to love the Facebook app. I am now uninstalling. It seems ridiculous to me that in order to message friends now you MUST install Facebook Messenger. No thank you. Dumb idea. I would prefer not to give permission for an application to access my camera and microphone at any given time. These days there is no such thing as privacy and its sad that people just blindly allow it. Uninstall if you still value your privacy people.
Error
When I downloaded it downloading was incomplete due to error 924.
Logged me out an can't get back in
Keeps on crashing everytime you go to comments and "continue reading". Fix it and you'll get 5.
Daokhanong
This App doesnot download on my device
It is just Awesome... <3 :*
Good
Punjab
Niceeeee application
Much  good
ilove
Get rid of the damn notification to install messenger. I don't care if I don't see messages in the app. Tired of the notification. Please remove it!
Its easy for u to not have to get on the internet
Coll app but after a minute it's turn to error
This is good
Its really good I loved it
Hi hwvar you
i had in my mind such an appl.
I love this game. It's very wonderful & nice game.
I have fun on facebook
Lelet....
Nicz
.....
Takes a while to load still need othrr update
Fastr app this
It's good face
Best choice
Now I can keep in touch when traveling
its not updating right
Its good but could be made better
I love fb i love this aap
Its good fb for the new version fb
Wooow
Kumar
Excellent
Super
Stop telling me what to do. NO, I DO NOT WANT MESSENGER. Clowns.
Cache uses up too much memory
App
Facebook encounters certain error when downloading this app. Please fix this. Thank you.
I like the new layout...I would like if it keeps the posts current.
Ya nice to look out and reach fast
Just love it !!! ;)
Not saticfied
I cant save any picture WTF.
Too many bugs... Stops continuous. Facebook sort it out.
Error 24 while trying to install. I uninstalled it because it was kicking me off each time I posted and wouldn't let me change news feed from what you think is important to the most recent news feed.
Ok
ALLOW MOST RECENT NEWS FEED IN OPTION MENU AND MAKE LESS SIZE
Sucks
To slow loading image...
Ok
Sumitra
Its useable apps.
Its amazing so trinity
Goodaaps
Its amazing
Nice work form this softwear
iPhone version was flawless. Android version has lot of issues. Every time I open the App, it shows the 2-3 days old notifications, where as I would like to see the latest feed.
Because of fb  now  I can communicate to my family
New update is not good. After update i cnt log in....plz fix it as soon as possible
Each update breaks something else. Also, please just merge the messaging back in the Facebook.apk. There's no reason to have two apps.
App is Gud. But page take more time to load. Otherwise awesome app.
It an good app but! It expensive.
Great
Takes too much time to load
POOR! Doesn't even show any news feed at all! If i could give it 0 stars, i would.
Good
Ever since the update I cant share pictures or videos that I have taken. I cant send picture text messages so this is the only way i can share pictures of my kids with their dad.
Great!
I love it.!!!!!!!!
It doesn't save the stupid update after you edit a post...smh!!!!
No options for video download hw 2 download fb video add ths option to u r application
constantly stops its self ! very slow ! takes up 2 much memory ! sort it out pls facebook !!! :-\
Good Apps. .New version
After update it continues to freeze, therefore it is no longer functional !
Nice
Esy facebook
Like
(^.^)
Good
Best
To pass time.
I was getting error 24. I uninstalled and tried ibstalling again. But getting error. Using samsung galaxy s duos. Can anyone help me resolving this?
Thank to the Creator of this apps
Nice
Gud
I really appreciate your work. Good work
What is your problem ??? Error while downloading.... Go to hell
Nice
Ever since the new update it keeps crashing fix it asap. 
Awesome app
It's between the app is slow, my phone storage is almost full, or everyone is on facebook. Those three factors make it run slow, freeze, and not log in. Otherwise it's great!
After last two updates it didnt open up on my phone and my phone froze. Wouldnt do anything. Had to turn phone off and turn it back on then i had to uninstall app and reinstall it. Please fix this. Okay now you forced an update on me. App was working fine. Now everytime I open app data goes up and I have to uninstall and start over again. I do not have never ending mb's On my phone. Please fix this. I would give you 5 stars if this data issue is fixed. As of now I rate you minus 1star.
When ever i scroll down my news feed and a video is auto playing my phone just freezes but other than that app is good.
Fb like many other appa requests permission to your device in its entirety. Why do you need access to my call logs? Doesn't make sense. After I uninstalled the app amongst many others,  surprisingly my device operated much better; fewer glitches, no freezing up, and my identity is less at risk.
Stop's during using hell thisss.....  try this 100 times before review giving fix it as fast as possible......  :/ :(
Ok
Its to easy n fasy
App was very much
Cant even use facebook on my Galaxy Tab 10.1 because it just freezes and kicks me out back to my homescreens withiut force closing, does this repestedly and its really annoying. I want this fixing!
Best
Good
Incessantly crashing. Unusable.
I love this app quite fast  to connect with my friends.
I love this app quite fast  to connect with my friends.
Love This App
It's good but if we Update it will get more space
Notification
error loading news feed
Every day, randomly, it will just freeze up. Can't scroll through my feed, can't do anything. Not to mention I'm sick and tired of days old threads coming up on top because someone commented.
Since the update i have trouble signing in now it wont let me in, very frustrating please fix this
Force closes every time I click on something,  updated twice since it started and still not fixed. Uninstalled and reinstalled and still does the same thing. Really. ..... you cant fix this . About to delete it all
Facebook
Nice
The app takes a big chunk of storage space and RAM. New updates are not like updates: they are almost as large as the previous ones. One wonders whether they truly qualify to be called updates, or are they replacements? How I wish this app could be leaner, faster, more customizable and easy on processor! It's unfair that now we are destined to be moved to another FB app (Messenger) that's even worse that this. Why can't we (users) be given freedom of choice by FB?
Laggy overall. Freezes every Time I go to search for someone and crashes when I try to search a friend's friend list. Please fix.  Oh and bring back messaging I'm sick of using messenger!
Vientossss
Hi
good good good good
Super
The
Cool
Hossain
Hates new messager
Great
5807853
Mahi
constantly stops its self ! very slow ! takes up 2 much memory !
Nice
shimul
Nice
Love This
When I always login . It says that my connection . As still it works but it doesn't come . Please make it ok
b3ala akter
Hope
Loveit
Dont force to use fb messanger
it is not goid this is suck why do you dont fix...facebook
C p k
It hangs up a lot
Jaisalmer
Since I updated Facebook fir my Samsung it constantly crashes
After update. It wont stay logged on...it just quits.....fix problem!!!!
Messages worked just fine and dandy. Why must I download another Facebook app for it now? Yeah to make you money and spyware. So I won't. Put it back the way it was.
as crazy as it might sound, I don't usually get in Facebook but when I do this app is great!
Great
I try to watch a video and it freezes 3 seconds in.
Lolaaaaaaaa
Old version
For some strange reason after the Facebook update I was no longer allowed to login. Also trying to login whether I was logged on to Facebook or not I kept getting a retry box on every screen it even interrupted my text messaging not a happy camper at all. Trying to uninstall and reinstall and see if that works again not happy I may just delete and erase Facebook all together !!!
very nice and fantastic app
Don't
Keeps forcing close.
Really amazing
Ok
Terrible I tried to download it but it was saying error 928
Good
Nice
FB worked fine til this update, now it lags ALL the time. Its like playing a game with a dial up connection. Terrible.
Until they get rid of messenger I prefer using fb in the web browser, making this redundant. (also no adds in my browser so that's nice).
nice
Baik
App keeps freezing, messages come through hours after they should have done, same with notifications. Sort it out!
Cannot install facebook anymore after the last update it become uncompatible update whenever i downloaded it in my xperia E1. Please fix this bug.
Cool
Install fast
Get together
Divya
Buono
Its totally excellent and easy to use
Initially it was outstanding but after updates... uff...  it got worst and worst what the hell now I get an error 402 whats dat???
Status and texts are not copied
Nice
Waiting for alternative of fb
Excellent
Thanks
error
Sanjeewa
I cant use this app after installing it
Facebook's good for
Connected with friends
Don't like it tha much
Dear Facebook, until you get your things straightened out I will no longer be using you. I feel that you don't have to download another app just to message people. That's why I opened an account with you to message family and friends that lives far from you but now it's worthless, thanks!
Good
I will not be put through your stupid psychological test fb! You will not control what storks I see.  I'll just go to the mobile site
but!!!where can I see my videos?? can I not view my videos from 4 years ago and now??
Goood apssss
Mdismail
love this app.
Everything's great. Only that, I noticed that when I updated my profile picture, it turned out a little blurry. It's quality became different. Idk what happened but I've been experiencing that every time I change my display picture. Please fix.
Very nice because we can communicate our friends , relatives where they are.
Does an app need the ability to add/modify the calendar events, send email to my contacts without my knowledge & permission, to read private messages sent to me, be able to modify/delete the contents on the SD card, to prevent a phone from sleeping, the ability to modify battery statistics, or even to use my microphone, video, or camera without me knowing?  I will use the web browser to access both FB and Messenger and keep my civil rights in tact
Dami cha bro. Esto app bhaneko ta banai rakhnu parxa. Keep it up.
It's design is beautiful.
Good
Uses alot of battery..  Like 10¡ë and my screen brightness is set all the way down..  Why no copy and paste and video save options? If all that is fixed 5/5 for sure!
We shouldnt have to be forced in to downloading Facebook Messenger. The only reason i really use Facebook is to talk to people and now i cant even do that. I refuse to download Facebook Messenger because of all of the privacy issues. Im deleting this app unless its sorted soon!
ss
It takes forever to load, can't upload a pic from my phone gallery, I can't tag ppl like I could before w the other app, & it won't let me accept friend request. #disappointed #pleasefix
Its gud
I love facebook
**!
This aap is best
awesome
Facebook
Ok
This is what I always get everytime I wish to install the app. Sorry, I had to rate it poor with this.
Big Daddy
*****
Love it
Ok puas hati
nice
Happy life
Cool
It's AMAZING
Why are you forcing messanger ? I prefered it the way it was.

927
Marvlas
Used to like the app but now it crashes and freezes constantly. Come on Facebook your a billion dollar company. Act like it!
Easy to read,simple it made sense even to me.
Some Pictures are not shown as the previous version is so good but after update it crashes...!!!!!! Plz Update...!!!! And also sometimes it says eror loading new feed...!!!!!
eat too much ram
Good

This aap not show punjabi in my phone .i am type but not show punjabi .
This app sux now!! Its freezes tooo much!
Jaganredd
Couldn't have rated it better but it's an app I require the most and it has this lag prob which I am fed up of...:-(
Nice
Reduce load of app on device...batery draining issue
Liked facebook the way it used to be.,now with all these updates it takes to much space on my phone.
Goud
Nice.... a lot of. Benefits
Kyawzaw
I removed this apply. why do I have to install more application for message. i used zalo instead of facebook
To much problem!!!plss fix it!!!
My favourite site
5star
Unformately Facebook has stopped error like this came
After two or three days this app consumes more than 150 mb of storage space.so I uninstalled it
Awesome
Good
Super
This app is the very nice
Very slow, times out, most photos and other links don't load. I am avoiding Facebook, basically. It just makes me angry because it doesn't work...
Very nice app
Every day, I use this application because I like a social
;)
It shows error while loading news feed.....
Nice
Good

Very slow
My facebook doesnt work without messenger
The new update is No good
It is not the app that has a problem. It is your gadget
Why i cant log in? When i try it on candy crush it cant connect to facebook?
Pls fix the space taking because it takes to much pls fix and it lagging
Seriously .. you can't message people. .. that's so dumb.
Vishnu
It was getting better, but they lost it again... Pathetic move to force us use the CRAP facebook messenger app in order to see our messages!!! I dont want to use this app ( and i will not to) in order to see my messages! Dont like this "forcing" thing... Praying Google for a 0 star option right now.
I do not like the upgrade! How can I get my old fb back?
Best dan banyak info yang akan kita ketahui
Not that bad
How to comment with a picture ?
yes
Can't install due to error
Good
How bad is that?
Shaurya
Awsm app
I want the real Facebook back
Lags on my milestone x2
The new FB messenger is making me want to uninstall the FB app altogether. I don't want to use this app so now I can't message family & friends at all. That's the point of having social media.
Good

It doesn't hv photo cmnt
Can't switch back to 'view most recent' posts. I guess it does not matter how many friends I have, only the ones Facebook wants me to have.
Mawipi Pengpelep
So
I like this .
Its Always Setting Up..Its Almost 3 Hours But Its Not Done
after the apdate facebook not responcer
With your latest update, the one I just got today, the app keeps closing automatically whenever I try to do anything I was just starting to like the Facebook app when you made this new update now I'm back to hating it seriously fix it
The application is getting worst! Make sure wen you upgrade its more better than before
Excellent
They need to improve it.
Good
Okay. So when I go to look through someone's friends, I cant search or scroll down after the first page. When I go look in peoples info I cant click on family or any box bc it wont expand anymore. Wtf.  How do yall just keep creating more problems.  Bad enough I have to usr the browser if I want to check my messages. Fix that crap. God
Always crashhh...!
Bed
It is a good messenger
Koo
First off you are requiring me to have the messenger app to reply to anyone's message but I can't have the app on my tablet because its for mobile phones only! It crashes everything I try to open it and it makes Facebook crash too. So stupid. After I uninstalled the messenger app my Facebook app now keeps closing if I try and share something or even for no reason at all. Smh get it together ppl!!!
500
Fair
Facebook has managed to make their app suck even more since I first rated it one star. The entire tab devoted to an ad for another app is excessive. Links to external sites do not work. Facebook, please end this madness.
Nice.
Doesn't load
Too slow, never gives me the feed accurately. Its ok
Crashes every time I go to Most Recent. Will update the rating once Facebook fixes and or responds to my numerous emails.
Its good . But some times its very slow
I removed the app as it was forcing to download messenger app. And was not retrieving messages.
Kk
Why I waited so long to install this application is beyond me. I have gained clarity and so many avenues when using Facebook now that it seems a whole new world has been opened up to me, it's great and I'm loving it, Raymond
Hoping to enjoy.
I dont need facebook messenger.,what should i do?
BEST
forcing me for messenger I don't want it
It closes every time I am viewing my timeline.
Excellent
Too bad.. the app always stopped
I like it
so very easy sometimes ha a error but its ok #cyragatip
Wouldn't load Facebook up at all
Have to install messenger? No thank you.
JE/SIG/W/LDH
I think it could have been better
delete mail
It keeps importing friends' birthdays.. As in every time I log in! it is annoying me
Its too good
Too error
Consuming more data and Ram, app size was toooo Big, battery draining fastly.all of you Plz gave 1 star.
Ur vry easy format
I fully satisfied .
since the last update my chat list hasnot dispalyed i tried uninstalling and reinstalling but it doesnt appear...fix that problem
Nice
:)
Where is "most recent"  button!!!!??
Facebook
Laggy and poor app developed.
The older version is great than this...
M
Forces you to install extra bullshit app to view messages!
Very very very nice application
Aluminati
But everytime I use the is no respond.please help me I lost many thing be coz no one find me the
notification is tooooo late after the UPDATE!!!
Mantaaap
Keeps crashing, freezing my phone and now forcing people to use messenger.  I guess you have to comply with anything if it's free.
:?
can't see notification & messages at right time
I lyk it
Facebook
Not Good enough
It's very slow nothing is special in this, all the time will show error connection
It's work fast
Fb is best
Awesome App
Bad app
Its sometimes cannot appear the image and suddenly its jammed
Can you please fix the force close?
I like this aaps
It annoys me that this version does not allow me to have my news feed on "Most Recent." I don't want to look at things posted 3 days ago. First world problems, I know.
I didn't give up on you Melissa
Raju kumar
Trying to fool us by notifctn of fake update. Nt log after update
Acts 2:38 & 39
Hood
Hi
Rape
Every update u make u get worster...
Awesome
Nice i loved the new version
It get stuck
Good job
Fun stuff
cool
Guth
Love it
Very uncomfortable
Loved it
Won't let me like statuses
Ssssss
Bugs.
Deleted. I'll just check Facebook from my phone browser.
I use it easily so its so good app for fb lover
Needs an update... Some comments don't post and sometimes takes forever to load.
Ayomide
Im not that super satisfied at all!
Hello
Had to uninstall... App was crippling my phone
Facebook
Smart
Sick of getting errors. I had to delete the application now when I try to download it I can't because I get a error, this is ridiculous.
Recent update just ruined this app
Nice
Love it!
It's effective app
Needing almost half of my memory
Could not use in properly because it log sometimes'
Dwarkesh
Sakshar Bharat
Really usable app  Better than browser
Why it's always forced us to install messenger? My phone don't have enough space for it.
Super
Should have been more faster
I LUV Facebook!
I like it ;3
Pukaaa
:)
Wooow
I hate Israel products, apps and all.
So attractive
I coudnt install it.because it always hangup.
App kept logging out. Reinstalled and testing now.
App update is great with the exception of only showing top stories.
When open fb app, make my wifi connection is always disconnect n reconnect.
Massanger app not like
Very good
I hate the new updates, they suck!!!!
Facing problem loading videos
Loster
Love it very much
Superb 
Paz
Good
Can't login
Great work develper... Accept minor change now left like album visibility and delete etc. But so much improvement done.
I can no longer post pictures. Need update
Awesome
Good
At first it was all cool and could load pictures very fast. Now, I don't even know why pictures can't load! I uninstall and installed again but it still happens! It only happens when I'm at home. Wi-Fi is perfectly strong but the godamn thing won't load! Only when I'm outside of my house then it'll load!! Fix it!!
Much better than windows phone facebook app
Thr best way to see everyone u know.
:'(
Simple n supreb
Its a good way to share my emotions with my friends who are living abroad.
Installed on my new tablet and it says I have no internet connection, everything else works but the news feed
Nice ...very very nice ...¡ú   good mark
I always clear data of facebook because it eats the phone storage
Nice
Facebook is really a remarkable social networking site and app. But, amongst all of these, Facebook really is taking much space. There are lots of professionals out there and you can't simple hire one to make Facebook better but with less space. Technology nowadays go locos and Facebook certainly is making big bucks, can't you just make it lighter but better? I mean, come on! Look at these rants people are making! 20 MB = not so good app. I'm expecting more. Good job! :-)
Why i cant install facebook? can u fix it..thank you.
Good
No respond fix it
Good
Facebook
Setting up facebook........... and it wouldnt stop that
This app's very good...not a single bad thing about it!
So very nice
Its freezing every time I go to do something
Goog
Very heavy
Nice
I'm just Lovin' it
NAKALAGAY UNG MEMORY NYA 22.65 MB LANG TAPOS PAG TINIGNAN MO NA SA APP MANAGER 100+MB NA! ABA MATINDE
Nice
Good
Apps not really good. It keeps crashing down all the time.
Separated messenger is a disaster for low end devices
good
Super
G
For an older version
Bannna
Nerhawi
Ji
Very go od
Despite my time and efforts already exuded (logging out of the app, uninstalling and reinstalling,  deleting old messages, etc.) this app continues to show the red indicator light notifying me that I have a private message. This is incredibly annoying. Is it possible to look into this Facebook? Thanks!
When I log in it always appear just a moment!! then it will force close!! I cant use my facebook!!!
When I tried to install it says incompatible update!
When i post or sent a video he ruin the image just the sound appears with ruin image .. Please fix it pleaaase
Khush raho sajno
video downloding option not available
Social awareness n specially regarding our friend circle.......
cgh
G
Horrible.  Didn't know it could get worse...
Mmmm
Ja
Add an option to download videos, we can just watch the videos and cant download in mobile, So plz add it     thanks
S*ucks
Awesome
Cant upload photos in albums
Facebook
Good
Why do you force to use your messenger? Next, unwanted start up sound. I can't rely on your privacy options. Unwanted notification emphasis is bad. It's not good for me, but your overall networking business is not bad.
Cannot connect to candy crush & clash of clans
Good job!
I like
Faboulus
Disliked !! Boo ! It turns into a very very slow.. Its like turtle !!
Good
Kamrul hasan
It enjoyed it! It was easier than using the internet as I have a tablet. I often travel to Melbourne and using this app I didnt need the internet.  It some times was very slow when I didnt have the internet connected to it. I would give it 5 out of 5 stars if it hurryed and loaded and was a bit faster.
Broken. Can't read my messages.
Stop updating without any resion
I had to remove the app after I tired to upload a video
for a766 it seem some lag...if u can fix it...can rate 5 star...
Fivers
It seems working well when I get it in all my tab...thanks to u..from Ssenegal
Kindly improve hanging and some time it disappear
Meh cini
The new update sucks don't know what your doing but the pictures are not loading. Worked great before this last update. Galaxy S4
nice
Whoever decided to make us download a separate app just to message people is the stupidist person alive.
Zzzzzz.... Don't know why the uploaded pics look blur. Please give options to set the resolution of uploaded pics and give access to upload pics in full resolution
Happy.. like and love this apllication
beautiful
Reza
Nic
Great way to keep in touch with family and friends. It is also a source of so much information. I love my Facebook.

Just so confusing.Just getting on takes way too many clicks.  Change has been done for the sake of change. Sometimes when something works, it doesn't need change.  Liked the old app WAY better.
After i update the new version, i cannot log in. The problem is SSL. Fix it as you can facebook because i cannot use my facebook via your app.......i cannot wait.
And i will gave 1 star for that.. Im using now fb in browser... Please let us use the msg not the messenger app.. I hate it..
Nice
Forces close, and i cant sync contacts. Dont we have better developers?
About 90% of the time I get "Facebook not responding" and then I get booted. Only started happening after last update. Really frustrating!!
Slow
Lovely
Sirraaaa y  Attttt a
This app needs a few improvements...for some reason it likes to force close a lot
Newsfeed seriously needs some work. Displays random content especially the ones seen a lot of time previously.
It's amazing
Awesome
It's awesome
Yehey
Nicely
I jazov ths bt it get slow smtm so plz fix Ths
Wow!
I'm constantly having to restart because this app freezes up my phone. Ugh!
Since update the app randomly locks up when scrolling. Very annoying.
Ek   one
Best ever
I think it's great
Female
This app is great when it doesn't cause my storage alarm to go off. Will the California software developers  please figure out when I will be able to store this app on my SD card so that I don't have to reset the app data some of the time. Please figure this out California so that you don't lose any more stars
After updating my cell gets overheating will u plz fix this
Its not proper working
Its a link to connect the people residing in different places
What a nice!
A facebook app where you cannot send messages. A joke.
Wonderfully if it works
Very slow process
K
Goooooooood
Love you
Its taking to much of my room on my phone
I can't see no emojis, I have downloaded emoji keyboard still doesn't work, tell me how to fix?!!
Using xperia e1, after dl finished it says: incompatible update.
Its awesome
Ok
Wah g wah kia bat hai.
Gr8 app
Monu
Icant login properly because it tells that error
The latest update killed my phones battery. It's now constantly causing a wakelock.
why this one runs a big data ?
Ok
I dont like this anymore :(
news feed doesnt show for some weird reason
Idl the new version
It's great to know about what's going on when you can't be there
Facebook
Great
g
Tarlac
Easy to download and use
Poka
Eats lots of space ....can't even think of running this on 2G
It takes too much space!! I am beginning to dissapoint with this app.please,fix it.asap.
Nice working properly
Had to remove Facebook app because it's doesn't working
Loved it....
Nice
I love facebook
I like it
I can turn on notifications for specific post bt cnt turn dm off. Please fix d bug.
Excellent
Make video calls , not lag facebook , needs small improvment
It is important for me and I need it ..
Cnt login always booted pliz fix it
Easy to use
Good
I love this
Super
Keeps crashing !! Please fix now !!
Good
not bad
Myspace fell to facebook. Now where is the facebook killer?
It needs a lot of space Ughhhh I ended up deleting all my important apps. Please fix it ASAP
cant use messenger
Very very slow it runs in my mobile samsung galaxy star pro wst of tym using this version loads very very slow
Very nice
Its very bad
Fb app has become soooo annoying. Crashes every minute or 2. Now I only use the browser. I thought it's only with my samsung tab until my sister told me she has the same problem using her ipad. Please fix!
Love facebook
Use it sparingly. Nothing special.
No 1
Why??
Games crash
Great
I love it sooooo much
Witwiw
B
Thk you fb
Terrible....can't log in.........says some type of error
Doesn't work properly in certain wifi zones.
It's a smooth app I love it
why this app is forcing to install messenger
Empty
wow...
Hai
It's fab
Very nicw
Apps
Facebook hacking my friends accounts saying they are inviting me to try this or that. I know my friends are not asking these things. How is this not illegal.
it sucks. not able to get messages sometimes while chatting.
Khai
One
Amazing..
Nice
Why do you wanna know all my details it's private hello change that thank you.
VG app
Ty
Installing the new update makes u get a new app facebook messager and if u dont have room on ur phone for a new app u dont get facebook messages anymore and thats just fucked up not happy with it but oh well moving on hope it helps some others

Best
Long lifestyle
Awesome
Santmala
good
In one month Facebook has two updates.. And it takes much more memory. Please fix these. Hated it. I don't update Facebook. Protest against Israel. I request to to you please fix this. Facebook is not responding. A big grey screen is appear. And Facebook shut off from the screen 4-5 times ever.
U have to bring some changes in this app.. whenever i open this app it takes to much time to log in.. n it's sucks my phone's internal storage ... plzzz do something ..   ...
Nice
Very nice site
Constantly crashing/closing itself. Wayy too many permissions needed to install it.
Luved it
I will describe later.
Its always acting up. Just had to reinstall app again! And what is up with getting other peoples relationship status in my  notifications? Really annoying. And you should have an option to invite certain friends to play games instead of sending request to all your friends. Or atleast a way to block or remove yourself from getting those notifications.
love it
Social media
It good for talking to u family but there to much name calling
Nice app.
Friends, Family, Significant People Who Have Been a Part of My Life In A Positive Way....Long Lost and New Friends Only Please....
as you'd expect from Facebook developers. Just a shame there's no alternative.  Update 14 Sep 2014: Another crash.  Update 14 Sep 2014 (2): frozen newsfeed, had to force close.   Update 14 Sep 2014 (3): Another crash. Update 15 Sep 2014: Frozen newsfeed, had to force close. Update 15 Sep 2014 (2): Another freeze on newsfeed. Update 15 Sep 2014 (literally 30 seconds later): Freeze when viewing newsfeed, force close.
Just bring the messenger back to this app!!!
I can't like any of the post if I like it it will unlike itself this problem should be fixed
Good
Error
If u really want us to download your apps please add all features u can do on the desktop site here on mobile app.
very good
One of the best apps of social network..Enjoy it
Tang ina nmn ayusin nyu nmn yung facebook at messenger
Mst
Its very nice nd fast as well,gud work and nice response
Update is good
Can't download error 24? Wtf
padgela very happy
Sakit hati tgu loading terlalu lama..makan masa..tlg cepatkan bukan lg makan masa..terima kasih
Sangat baik
Heavy and laggy and suck battery and cpu with ram
Please don't force other people to download facebook messenger its so annoying! Even i can't send any messege because of that hated this app forever!
Its too late to load d notification r anythng
Wow that is the best way
Jay mataji Jay rajputana
Not bad
It won't let me see my Like page or anyone else's it shuts off ..f****ng useless
Very slow on my phone
messeger
Amazing
Can do better by updating more faster.
My favorite app
Hanset korang rosak salahkan aplikasi ni pulak
I changed my password because I was trying to log into something that involved Facebook. Now I can't log back in, I'm currently re-installing it, in hopes that it'll let me log in this time.
Forces to use messenger -_-
like it
Nice
Better
Great app
Monks Cameo Ben10 Monks Campy NuBus mmHg Asia Associated Minute Monks

Love it.
pls update it
Hahaha.joke it is so very good...love it,for those who want to download,download it now,try the shortcut for facebook,hope that you'll enjoy......thanks!!!!@)
Slow
I like so much....
Terima Kasih
Nice
Nice app
Good work
I loved it because I can play fb now
Nice
Ever since the last couple updates the quality of Facebook has been goin down. I can no longer view all pictures and videos. I can't even see my own cover photo. Also Facebook tends to shut itself down for no apparent reason. It's not my phone because all other apps work and operate smoothly. I have requested help multiple times and still have gotten none.
loading loading loading this is all I get 1 more day of loading this app is gone facebook as a joke
O k
Facebook
Best
The last two updates have disabled me from being able to view and tag a photo before uploading it - when I go into the photo before uploading it, it works for two seconds then turns grey and gets out of the Facebook app.
V bad your loss of storage
Great
Once I am in the apps. It will auto jump out from the apps. It's already several time after i updated to the latest version Please fix the problem as soon as possible. Thanks
One of the apps that you want to get rid of but you can't. Forcing messenger on us is the worst move ever. But they obviously don't care what people wants. Facebook is too big for that. This apps name should be "Deal With It"  by Facebook.
Bravo
If only i had other options instead of downloading this app!! Im really disappointed with unnecessary updates made in this app!!!
This is Very good,
I love this site
good
We are very great full to be a part of facebook.
K
Like
Great app!
Very use full for all
This app is very important & excellent. There's no app as like it because I get all. But two option I can't find, needs update.. that is when I want to set a cover photo as "previous cover photo", then I can't that.. and another is I can't copy any written status from news feeds. Pls update this two option.
Love it
Sweet
I like old v
Messenger kya tera bap he jo use install karne ko bolta he....
Nice
I want you to create an option to copy any post on facebook like the option to copy the massage and comment
Facbook
Dgh
KEEPS YOU COOL! sensational app indeed
I prefer the older version this version is very cool though
Super job guys
Yes
I used to be able to see all my friends. This new version sucks. I see post from days ago I want to see recently posted without having to change it in notifications every time I log in. So DISAPPOINTED
Its easy
It works very better keep it up guys!
Always forceclosed.too bad
Fine
I like this apps
Do not download worst ever

Nice
I love it
4*
Hated it
Why it's necessary to download messenger?.. please reply?  Please update again
It's is the best.
Loved it
I had to remove facebook to update it and when I tried to install it again it refused and give me an error
forcing me to use messenger... and now keeps error...
Annoyed it is slow as hell why should i keep this app if i have to use browsers to use facebook more reliabley
Ur softer same time mack me angry. So slow. And he also need massager
Vina
Why are u trying to force people too download that stupid messenger app!? I don't have room for that.. this is freakin ridiculous.
Many Problem I Got..Shittyy!!
I prefer YOOKOS.
takes a lot of internal memory and does not work properly
Nice fb
'Hi. I am having a problem with my Facebook app. Whenever I try to take a picture using the photo function, the app crashes and my phone restarts. My phone is 'Konka V976'. Please solve this bug in your next update'
I liked it before it started not  connecting to my internet it's just very sad!!!!!!! :-( :-(
Happy
mota
Only time pass
Great
it is good to have a free facebook bec. It easy to use work it.
Gstewacg
Awesome
Not Good
Awsm
I am lovin this app. I am addicted to it. I be 24/7 on it
Good
Good app
WHY DOSEN'T IM "A.K.A INSTANT MESSENGER" WORK ON MY FACEBOOK APP I DOWNLOADED
It's an excellent application I loved it
It wont let me watch videos and it keeps closin!
I love facebook a lot
Cool
I like this app its working very nice ...
Nice one
Too good yaar
Very nice. New option here. Bt quite slow.
This is a. Not good aplication for android
Can I used the message inbox on the facebook rather on messenger coz its was so annoying. Sometimes it just shut off with no reason and the camera where I can't choose by my own choi while on the fb inbox there is freedom to choose. Please stop the prerequisite from tgis site to the other apps.
Rick bikram
lovely
Nice
Srivastava
Love it
Slowwwwerrrr
Chadhar
Always tells that Facebook is not responding. Fed up with this error
Slow
Don't download time waste mind waste money waste I am giving 5 stars because I am using also. Go to hike messenger is having free SMS for all over India for any number already takes above 35 mb and now says install messenger  another 20 mb ram extraaaaaa
Very good aap bcoz through this we find new frnd nd conects all our old frnds together
I love Facebook
Gud
J
Sooo cool,
Don't like the new update! It is horrible. Bring back the old one! This is f**king crap!: gah Might as well remove!!
Not excellent
Good community
Hmmm.. boom panes! XD ¨r(¨s¨Œ¨t)¨q
Best app
ghori
Super
I am not even able to open my Facebook after the latest version. Its says Facebook has stopped unfortunately. Pls fix the bug.
milo
so good
I love facebook but I love my privacy more. Can you guys give me more privacy please! at first the privacy settings were working well now they are not. I unfriended my friend to see if she could still see my page and she could still see everything and I could still see her page also. We did this like 5 times just to be sure so could you like show a blank page after they are unfriend? Thanks that would be great!
Frond
Lots of megabites
Can't play games with Facebook friends.
Pls.coz I can't view the pictures
Good
Cool
I try to reinstall the app multiple times and each time it notified me saying error
Grrrr
My life is  facebook
Nice
I'm sick of the mobile version being hours behind on my news feed even after forcing it to update  over and over.  Even when I post something, my post shows up, but there are still hours of missing posts before it. Fix this.
H
Yup
z
Navigation is really confusing and weird.  Wish there were way more actions like in the main site.  Reordering photos in albums, liking pages as a page you manage, more post editing options, embedded youtube and soundcloud players in posts, etc.  Settings are also very hard to navigate.
Amazing
Having problems installing facebook app....
Improved a lot since last update
Can't even sign in to my account online or elsewhere.  All FACEBOOK has done is harrass me about my identity since I set up my profile. 
found my phone
to much for updateee .?!!!
Love it
Friend family
I love facebook!  Thanks for this apps.
Nice
VERY USEFUL APP. Thanks much!
Really
Very used foll app
Nice
It's New design is smooth, fluidic :)
Power hungry and it won't shut off. Have to go into setting kill it, it's processes/services and it in cached or dead battery in no time. Otherwise great does the Facebook thing.
Good Nice good good good good good good
It.   Locks up my. Done a lot.  Or it. Would. Be. 5
Is not responding always
Wow!!!!!!!!"! Fine
Facebook
Need an update it moves really slow.

The update boasts it takes less space but it takes more because it turns on other apps to run at the same time. If I could put zero stars I would. Complete waste of my time installing.
Wat happen? I cant intall the facebook apps
Works fine except notifications.  All of my notification settings are on, but I'm still never notified about wall posts, comments, tags, or anything.  Very annoying, I keep missing new posts because of this.
Pls fixed this..I can't download in my phone
Had nothing but issues after I updated it. Reinstalled it twice and it still doesn't work.
It won't let me see my messages it wants me to install Messenger. I'm not doing it! The Permissions it wants me to allow on it are RIDICULOUS! Total INVASION OF PRIVACY! Fix it to let me see my messages WITHOUT Messenger..
Rani
Friends
Sometimes help energy booster
Ok
Why is this app taking up 70.70 mb of space on my phone?  That's freaking RIDICULOUS!!  Do something about or i'll just uninstall it.  Utterly crazy!!
Very much ..usefull
Why is there not a sort buttom to view either recent/ top stories on my friends status posts? I use the browser version more because the app only does top stories so im not seeing barely any recent status'. PLEASE FIX SOON

Could be better
Meet new friends and connect with old ones. Great experiences with learning new ideas and sharing with others. A great witness tool!
info... and entertaining
I CAN'T VIEW A LOT OF PICTURES IN MY TIMELINE BECAUSE IT'S NOT LOADING. Pls do something about this
Hard to instal in my cp of new updated fb version
New update is continuously freezing and kicking me off
Nyan
Error downloading and also forces me to install fb messenger. It sucks
Crashes every time I try to share, go onto someone else's page, message, anything else people like to do on Facebook.
Hind sami
What happened to facebook?? Error loading newsfeed, no notifications, etc. Etc. Fix this.
Living the life
Great
Seriously!??? 112MB not including Messenger??? Ridiculous
Dj G'Stylez
why does it keep saying invalid session when I try to login?!!
very slow
Nice...
Nikal
It makes you install messanger and i hate it the messanger app sucks and is hard to use other than that its a good app.
Lintik
nice app
Baaaddd
Takes up way more space than the original app causes delay issues, dont know if its a coincidence or not but Ive downloaded and installed this app more than once and notice a reduction in cellular reception. Looks great and in theory it probably works well for people who have faster phones... but for common folk like me with cheap phones... it doesn't work so well :(
Really good actually
Everytime I forget my password I cant seem to make one that facebook can remember help
Deber¨ªan minimizar el espacio, no todos tienen tel¨¦fonos con memoria de m¨¢s de 500mb. S¨ª siguen as¨ª line o tango van a tomar el puesto de red social m¨¢s popular.
Great
I like it
Love it most of the time
Positive type of Man keeping it real,Eric,Highsmith
I tried emailing before giving a bad review. No response. The newest update keeps shutting me down. I'm removing the app until this is fixed.
It's konda cool
Bangla righting
This app seems to take up over half of my ram even tho i never use it.
Aku suka main facebook
Meh!
I still don't care on the Top Stories . No way to make default view the Recent Post. Good UI bit the functionality is getting worst in every update
Es el mismo de antes, o sea en vez de adelantar retrocedemos al pasado.
Hate the new update just bull of crap...urg pls fix n ill give five star
It's still alright
Me and my husband  loves  this  app
Likeed it
A. WAY TO STAY IN TOUCH WITH FAMILY AND FRIENDS
Always error on the news feed -_-
Totally love it
5 star 4 all of good apps like this & myself (look at my photo) lol ..
It won't let me watch the video people post. But over all its okay
It's ok
plz fix it ..and ill give you 5 star
1234rrrr
Nice so easy
Use very much more..
Its cool
Just to want to really fast
Ok
Awesome aps 10 star.....
Hi barns
LeasaCooper & DavyCooper
Everything abut the latest update is just horrendous. NOTHING WORKS PROPERLY!  Get you're life together people. Get a better app team or something. Learn how to properly adjust things for updates. Pointless update because not a angle thing works.
After updating this app,I can't load my newsfeed,messages,friend requests,notifications,my timeline and all. It keeps on saying to check my internet connection even though I have internet on my phone. I can even use my instagram and twitter. Fix it immediately please!
I love it.
loved it
jubel
Stop trying to add new fancy crap that no one wants.
Facebook
Will not reinstall had to delete because of it kept freezing now stop at 93% fix it now I was in the middle till now
Graet app I give 5 stars i guess
Very poor on Android
Very nice effective way to interact with friends
water
Why do I have to delete some apps just for this thing to work,it's so unfair
Pages & community r the best feature of Facebook. It providing lot of information.
Ever since i updated this app i haven't been able to upload pics, tag friends, respond to friend requests, update statuses or message ppl. Fix this. I'm very disappointed.
Super
It always crash. Please fix this.
I love it
Ever since I updated pictures load so slowly. It's awful!
I like it
I just hate it. Low quality photos.  Veeery slow. It becomes worse and worse on every update
Since I updated it, it has gotten extremely slow. I can barely post anything and if I do it takes a long time for it to post and takes FOREVER to update the news feed..This is the only way I communicate with a lot of my family and friends and it really stinks that it is not working! Even uninstalled it and still the same.
But now hate this app
Whenever i do facebook for like 2 to 5min it always takes me back to the homescreen and its sooo annoying!!!! Please please fix this!!!!
It's great way to keep in touch with family friends and long lost loved ones.
Sorry
Truckauqin
Ohhsum
Nice an easy.
I use half of my time on this app its good except that messenger thing gives me a lot of spam so I repeatedly press remind later other than that good app so far hasn't given me any problems
Are other Android users getting this error screen whic prevents them from logging in? Update please!
It does it job.
Apparently the developers expected the end users to run only their application on the device. For the features it provide, this app uses way too much memory and processing power and still is as slow as a snail. I just use the mobile site instead.
This app have bring my family back love it
Keeps crashing everytime I try to view the comments of a post or when I try to post something. FIX IT and I'll rate 5.
better
Everywhere
Applications
I have the updated version and every time I go on facebook, more then once it freezes. I can't scroll, post, update status or even look at pics. I'm gonna have to delete the app soon if it isn't fixed bc it is so annoying and inconvenient.  I didn't have this issue with older version.
It's a better way for fb user
Best
News feed will not load, also this messager thing sucks
Phone keep force closing
Takes so much space, app force closes when I'm watching a video. Please fix this now!
Lovee the app. Nothing to complain abt except the low quality of videos. Even over wifi it's really low :/ please fix this nd i'll than gve it 5 stars :)
videos couldn't be downloaded.
Thank you for fixing errors! I still don't understand why y'all want access to everything in our phone litteraly some things are suppose to be private
Keeps force closing and lagging
Wow superb
Its good
Requiring messenger is stupid
Easy to use on my Xperia C
After the update, it keeps on crashing and cannot establish a connection. i can clearly state it that its not my internet connectivity that has a problem here all my other social media apps were working fine. It is just this one. Please fix it immediately. Please. Thank you.
E
Why you are forcing us to download messenger waste of space!!!!
Since some of the new recent updates I've been having problems with my synced pictures, especially older synced pics
Stop behaving like a girl friend. i am matured enough to decide whether to use FB Messenger or not. Now messaging is totally blocked.
I liked
Don't like the messager app. Facebook crashes every ten minutes. Drives me nuts.
Back then, zooming photos does not lose the hd of the pic, but now it' blurry.
Nice to have on cell phone
Great establishment!
Thanks
For the past 2 days, I haven't been able to see pictures. They either take forever to load or don't load at all on my Galaxy S4.
Messages aren't shown by this app.  It's making fb messenger a necessary thing to open messages...otherwise I would have given 5stars
ddsr
Much better update.. please fix notification it gets stuck on some post and u cant see the rest of your notification. ..
Love it
You can't even chat in this CrAPPlication
It's very waste .i cant
Good work
Just a waste of time.
like
Good
Slowed my phone down. Messager would close out while I was typing. Wouldn't down load videos. Wish it was working good, it was convenient at times.
I already updated to the latest version after the update now i can't log in becausw there is some kind of error.. smh! Fix this ill fix the rating.
It's gooh
very nice
What more can I ask for? It's absolutely 5 stars .  Just add a feature of choosing between Most recent News feeds or Top stories. Thankfully a passionate google user.
Why do you need to push us to upload FB messenger what if our memory is full what? How do we reply our friends? Please stop push us to upload FB messenger
Photos won't load. Even uninstalled & tried again...
Good Vfyfhjv Hhtkg chrome,  h
The app is super slow at loading anything. First off, since now videos play automatically, the app seems to slow down and even crash. Its also slow when loading the news feed. Also, it keeps bugging me to download the Facebook messenger. Really annoying.
Xperia C3
Ya
You either like facebook or not. I like it and love the app! Having constantly fresh and updated versions is a bonus.
Why do I need that messenger app to have messages??  I don't want to install the messenger coz it has battery issues..  stupid
Nivedyam
Nice app
Its good
Slow loading
Why messenger should install
Cool app. Pretty simple. But there are problems.
Amazing
When you upload photos the quality goes bad
Force's you to upload apps and is constantly force closing and freezing up!! Thinking about uninstalling!
02/20/03
Disuja
Extremely buggy!! It slows down, freezes, turns off for no reason.  The chat messages freeze the app sometimes. Sometimes you can't "like"  statuses/pictures or comment on statuses. None of the updates have addressed these issues because they've been the same issues for over a year. I delete the app and every few months re-download it with the same issues I had months ago. I think you guys really need to listen to people on here bc I'm not the only one with this issue.
Want let me update
Fast and reliable
Love It
It sucks
If I pull up an old post in my activity I can't make a new comment on it.
im sory its a gud app but sad to say i have to uninstall this. it ates a lot of my storage. i wonder y my storage is running out of space. when i check it, its bcoZ of fb app. when i download it, it was just 23MB but when i use it goes up to 105MB and keep on saying FACEBOOK ISN'T RESPONDING... pls fix i love using fb but for now ill just use browser instead of this app
The browser don't work sometimes.
it takes so so much space .even aftrr updating i cant use it bcx  mob becomes so slow.. plxz reduce memory space or make it moveable to sd card developerz plz u guyz r jxt keep focussing on updating n increasin storage space . plz stop updating n make dis cramp useable
nice
Keeps freezing up and closing out of the app
Non working app and slow mostly + obligatory messenger = this what I call b***s***
Its so irritating when your reading a post and the feed renews and bumps you back to the beginning! Fix this please.
fantastic
People can stalk u on there they can take pictures of you and everything if you dont believe me go to app info and click messager and they pushing us to get it no
Latest update is even worse the last.  Pictures and video do not load, and even text takes forever to come up. Uninstalled, found an older version apk file on line and installed it.
Cannot load news feed even though my internet connection is ok, I can see my wall in my laptop so the problem is in d phone app :-(
Sucks will not load or allow game play. Need fixed! Hasn't loaded or done anything for two days!
Ameging
miss emilia green
Nice
Facebook is just stupid I deleted my page and don't think I want to reactivate
Bring back lock screen notifications!
Ever since the update, the app has been crashing at startup. Reinstalling doesn't work. I've had to use the browser version since and it sucks.
Ok
Always getting error =/
Would love to have the newest version:)
Feeling great while using this app. :)
I like it it just the app is to large!!
Can't access my messages and it states that I need to dl the messenger app.Why does it have to be?
Nice and orderly.
This is coming from a 20 year old, when a website is hard for someone my age to mange, you've messed up.
One star until messenger is back. None of this two apps crap.
It serves no purpose,  wastes time and gives out all your information
Facebook is my life
Good
Keep touch wdh every friends
I been using Facebook for a minute  never had trouble, just trying to figure out the messenger app.
Always has problem have to uninstall and start over constantly not worth using anymore
Pls fix when i look at the news feed it always say force close pls fix it if you fix it i give five star
What is it with fb crashing all the time.  This is very annoying.  With the number of people complaining I think you can say it's a huge problem.  Come on, please fix it
Lol
Better
Some problems firstly starting very slow then it is ok
Ever since my Samsung galaxy tab 3 10.1 updated my Facebook app hasn't worked. I have un installed it and reinstalled it 3x and it keeps crashing!
Since the last update, pictures are non existent.  For the love of God and all things holey, FIX IT!
App is entirely invasive. Default settings invade privacy.  Had to root to block permissions that were unnecessary. The inability to set 'most recent' as default is absolutely ignorant. Stop trying to steer my user experience to what you deem as important.
FB doesn't work worth a cr*p now. I've Uninstalled. ..installed...Uninstalled. ..and installed again. . Still just buffers.
Locks up and is not stable.   Someone somewhere has messed this app up.
Can check NY messages any do everything but that making ne download messenger then say for a old version when u read the reviews. When it was just the it
Nice
Luv u
Wowwwwww
I don't like being forced to download an unnecessary app. I will not download it. I will get on my computer or they can text me if it is important.
Want download
Goods
Its great qpp for comm however it always crashing...im using samsung ace 3
Lve my Facebook .. keeping up families when i cant be there's.  Thanks Facebook u rock's
Tang ina nagloloko nmn to ei
Great app
It's nice
The best of the best
When someone post a picture, you can't see the pic's. People are gonna start using Instagram or twitter. Facebook makes millions they have the resources to fix this App.
Melba Ahrens
not all the website functionality but its more reliable than the uber crappy version out for iPhones
Why do we have to download messenger just to chat.  This app takes way too much storage by itself!
When I get a notification about one of posts, why doesn't it just take me to the comment directly, instead I have to scroll through millions of posts just to find mine...
What it do
Love the app comming from an IPhone you guys lack so much! Just a few days I rated 5 because everything iphone had you guys had but with the update it deleted all the features... like opening browser in the app it self, swiping to close picture, videos playing automatically,  auto tagging abs much more!
Its very annoying
Best way to connect each other around the world
Consuming lot of mobile data
back to normal facebook please!! no update
Very nice
It a freeze
Fb app...   My tab was lagging when I open this app.  And too slow...
I jux loved it cus it's easy n simple to use
You have to get messanger !! And messanger can see EVERYTHING you do on your phone !!
I don't understand why i can't log in my account...and now! I can't using my instagram because i connecting my instagram account with my facebook account.please fixxxx itttttt!!!!!!
Orait
I love this people
Great app
You suck
My husband and I share a page, I'd like to have the option to rotate our birthdays after a limit of 3 times. And my News Feed ain't up to date like it should be. Smh
I love it cuz its like my little dairy hehehe
Facebook has united this world more than anyone one has ever anticipated...
Thanks
Not working anymore.. Newsfeed, status, send massages, send photos and still searching a connection even excellence connection that i had. Please fix it..thanks
Facebook should embed video downloader in Facebook mobile application, videos should be direct downloaded on One click.
Gooooooood
I'll never be able to download the messenger even IF I wanted to. Not enough space on my phone. Even after deleting pics, videos, cookies, and other unused apps. The mobile site doesn't let me upload more than one picture at a time, so I have to use the app for uploading pics and such. Boo.
The new requirements for a separate app to run the messenger is ridiculous!
Robort.    B.   Willams
Nice app but please do not push us to download the messenger.
Good......
Love I can buy horses off here
Aibam
Pretty Good !
Why does Facebook get worse every time I do an update? Now nothing will open and it just tries to keep loading. I can't see any pictures, posts, or comments.
Failed to download for me.
Your app is a glorified web browser that only visits one site. Why the heck is it 63mb (edit: it's 83mb now and messenger was removed)?  Opera, a fully functional web browser that visits any site I want is only 0.9mb.
this app is not bad but if the time u use longer the app cache will become more and it is wasting my memory
A great way to keep in contact
Ok like it
Hi
Love it!!!
Peoples comments on here are funny. Social media for the special needs kids. "Like OMG, I can't install messenger cause I have 4,000 selfies and 3,000 Instagram pics on my 32gb iPhone." How do I click install when it says click here to install? Lmfao!!
It's not important to connect with this kind of application becuse we still can inbox with older version properly..
the messenger really make me sick of it.why must install the mesengger to read the inbox.everyone can see the message...plus my phone have not enough space to install that big application.
But why????
Facebook at my fingertips what more could I ask for? It's fast and easy to maneuver, however, I am not thrilled that I have to install another app just to message people. Even if it is 20% faster.
It's simple a good way to talk to family and communication with friend post and have fun but watch out for kid and blocking is a n option.
Sony E1 CAN'T INSTALL
People are so friendly noe that im a millionaire
X tau nape
Jast love it
I uninstalled FB to try and fix my Words With Friends app because of the error message and now I get the same error message when trying to reinstall FB! WTF???
Why i cant lock in to facebook
Pictures won't load, news feed is sketchy, etc.
Love it just don't like messenger
Ganda
Jast love it
Will not load properly when connected to 4g LTE only when I connect to WiFi... My HTC ONE M7 is brand new and fully updated.. please fix!!
Avarege
Facebook keeps on force closing and I can't share photos from other apps like it used to. Plus, it eats up 60% of my phone's memory. If I add up the Messenger that would take up to 80-90%. So, I'm gonna switch to browser instead.
Nice
I had to uninstall it at first to load my timeline. Now its working
I can start the app but things friends or I post wont load. I get the loading circle but thats it. I uninstalled and then reinstalled but still not loading pictures...and it doesnt matter if I am on 4g or wifi still the same thing!
Awasome
My facebook app and messenger app won't load anything since the new updates! They're super slow and I've tried all the tips and tricks and I know it's not my connection as everything else works perfectly! And If I log into Facebook on my laptop it works fine.
Perfect
It was okay until they arbitrarily removed chat.
Nice
Cool
Nice
Love it
Fb stop messing around.  Can't post pictures any more! Why????
I am from indonesian
I can't log in to facebook. Wtf?! Please fix this problem as soon as possible
5 Stars!!!!!
Super
I love Facebook
Y'all Need To Change This Message Thing Back ! #JUMPonIT
This app sux
Superb..
Why all of a sudden Facebook can not load pics and videos in my news feed. ...and now I can't login to Facebook for my game and it erased one of my game completely. ......please fix!
I'm really excited about all the changes. I can't wait to see what all my family and friends have been up to. ;)
This sucks.
uhgg
have some problem
I've had the app a long time with no issues now I can't do anything nothing loads in my news feed and I can't look at any pages I follow have uninstalled and re installed the app still not working
Error loading page all the time!
Error -24 when trying to reinstall the app...
Love it
Add a data reducer and I will 5 star burning up over 3 gb a month on just fb
Forcing people to download a app to check messages is ridiculous. I think I'm just about done with Facebook. All of my friends are saying the same thing. It's like the end of MySpace all over again.
It wont let me  it said error blah blah blah
Its so slow and super lag! Waste of time!!!!!!!
Helpful in your searches
its nice
The app takes too much memory and my phone began to run too slow. I can't even open my account because it really sucks when it take too much memory.
You guys need to fix the news feed! Almost every time i refresh my news feed a message pops up and says ¡°Couldnt refresh news feed" Please fix and I'll rethink my three stars!
Awesome app for all people
It's a great way to stay connected with friends that live hours away from you.
what the heck is wrong with this update!!!? Asking me to verify and update my real name??are u kidding??!! my real name is already on it..what real name would you like me to put?!!!!
It wont laod the pictures in it only loads the words
When i logging in and its just stay there
Can't get it to open since it updated this afternoon. Very frustrating! Starts to then black screen. Aaaaaaaaaaa!!!!!
WOW  Facebook just reached a new level of crappieness .I see the same fate as MySpace and its coming up fast.  I thought things would improve with time.  NOPE  just Facebooks ability to dig its own grave.  Don't know why they didn't stop at 6 feet. They just get deeper and deeper.    Aaaaand there goes the earths crust.
Is just not working, not able to see what my friends are posting!!!
Yea
Since the messenger switched it lags. I can scroll for a little then it'll just freeze and sometimes close out.
I am ready to go now that I have to take DS to the bar and the City of the World of Video games and more than a year ago by the time of day year day year day year long time term time to time but it is a not sure if what is your favorite sites online at the Google logo on he her here her here is are you doing this weekend in a while to respond from the public letting them know that I am not going on with you to the magistrate  to get a into I have been a while lol what is going on the internet the same time
Samsung content available
Cantikk
I really hate that I have to download a message app
The only reason I kept fb was for direct messages. Now I have to download something else to get that. Deleting both, installing google hangouts. Problem solved
its not good enough!
Runs slow! Pictures won't load all around terrible app. Get it together Facebook
I downloaded this app. Been waiting twenty minutes to open and it keeps saying seeing up Facebook. WTF!!!
why must you have to update ..soooo much??? its rediculous!! and I see no real update of anything!! just more wasted space on my Phone!!!!!!
It keeps crashing my phone and pretending there's no connection when all other apps are working fine.
Ever since it was last upgraded the app crashes after a few minutes
Pangetsu
The photos aren't showing up and it's not updating.
Good.
Facebook seems to constantly change! Now we have to use download messenger!? Complete crap! Its takes up needed space on your phone and half the time glitches! I uninstalled it for now on ill just text them!
I can keep up with. My family
Facebook
Right after it loads the feed it crashes
Is ok
Close and forget about
I love this Facebook only because of the anime update and specific games
Ok
Get a -24 error what's that about
Of course Facebook will be always the best social app but there is one problem this app is so laggy it's freeze all time please fix it cz u should deserve 5 stars. 5 for advance :)
Slows down my phone to much and freezes then crashes. Won't ever have the FB app again.
I do not like when I add a friend on facebook and my news feed was filled with one person only! please be made to be more flexible and I can arrange to show only updates the status of the 'most recent' !!!!!!
Life is beautiful
Gud one
App works fibe overall on my S-4. Reason I Uninstalled it was that it constantly alerts you that you have messages or notifications, but when u check the application you have none.  I suspect this is a sad attempt to merely get u to log into Facebook to log bogus hits. All it did in my case was prompt me to Uninstall the app all together thus using the service even less. I wonder who makes these decisions to insult our intelligence?
Fabulous
Use to many memory
It's slow and I keep getting old posts instead of new ones...going back to the mobile site...
Bars
The emijos wont show :(
Facebook
Testing it is fun
Why does this have so many bugs? It won't let me add photos or videos. It freezes when I try to view a video. And it keeps kicking me out. Annoying.
The new messenger app is to much space and the things its capable of I don't like our want on my phone
Raff
Breaking up
